nm0006684:

 Cold Case (20032010)321) The Philadelphia homicide squad's lone female detective finds her calling when she's assigned "cold cases", older crimes that have never been solved. Lilly Rush is a Philadelphia police detective working for the department's homicide squad and being assigned "cold cases": crimes that were committed many years before and have not been solved. Lilly must try to re-think the crime scenes and interview other people involved with the victims to find a link to solving the cases. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Detective (Lilly) Rush is a homicide detective working for the Philadelphia Police Department in the present day. Although she initially dabbled in current crimes, she begins focusing on "cold cases" (murder cases in the past that were originally never solved). Assisting her along the way are her colleagues. Her boss and at times surrogate father figure, John Stillman, is her mentor and the one who was there for her in the past after she was assaulted as a child. Her partner, Detective Scotty Valens, is also her best friend, and a street-smart guy who struggled with extreme grief and guilt after his schizophrenic girlfriend began seeing imaginary friends from childhood called "the giants" and eventually took her own life. Lilly grew up with an alcoholic mother who acted more like a needy child than a mom. Her father was out of the picture throughout childhood, and her promiscuous sister, Christina, was known as the family tramp after Lilly's boyfriend cheated on her while he was drunk. Because of the ordeal, Lilly often resents her entire family although she does care about them all the same. Among Lilly's other colleagues are: Detective Will Jeffries: Jeffries is a former Vietnam war vet and high school D.J. who, while working as a police officer before getting into the homicide career, lost his wife in a fatal truck hit-and-run accident. Because of the accident, he often despises people who drive unsafely and ignore the rules of the road. He's one of the most valued members of the team and a good friend to the other detectives. Detective Kat Miller: Miller worked in narcotics and was introduced to homicide in Season 4. She's one of Lilly's best friends and knows the areas of Philadelphia like the back of her hand, a useful skill as a detective. She has a daughter called Veronica, whose deadbeat father is an ex-gangster. Initially Miller wants to keep Veronica away from her father at all costs because of his criminal past, but by Season 7 she eventually decides to compromise with her former husband after he tries to gain full custody of the child. Detective Nick Vera: Vera is an overweight big-mouth at times, but is actually very caring and really wants to have a family (his wife left him and started a family with another man). Vera is revealed in Season 7 to be on the verge of a nervous breakdown after unintentionally having an innocent man convicted of murder. Despite this, he's a great cop. Franny: Franny is a medical forensics expert who often examines cadavers and crime scene evidence throughout the first half of the show. Louie: Louie is an expert at the science of fire and explosives, using his skills to help solve crimes where these things were present as a weapon. Lilly likes him as a good friend, and eventually he gets married to a science teacher and invites the Cold Case team to his wedding. Frankie: Frankie studies photography in the police department, mostly working with traditional film. She has a brief relationship with Scotty. Cold Case is unique because, unlike most crime shows, it focuses on the past, celebrating nostalgia and combining present technology and police methods with old-school music and references to things like vinyl records, disco, super 8 film, roller rinks and the hippie counterculture, among other things. As the show progresses it gets much more intense and several side-stories arise. The show also bases several episodes on films like The Breakfast Club, The Ice Storm, Fight Club and The Big Chill. Unfortunately Cold Case was cancelled by CBS during Season 7, but rumors about a revival have been brought up by fans of the show ever since. Cold Case is the Americanized version of a Canadian television program called Cold Squad. 
 Criminal Minds (20052020)Summaries The cases of the F.B.I. Behavioral Analysis Unit (B.A.U.), an elite group of profilers who analyze the nation's most dangerous serial killers and individual heinous crimes in an effort to anticipate their next moves before they strike again. Based in Quantico, Virginia, the Behavioral Analysis Unit (B.A.U.) is a subsection of the F.B.I. Called in by local Police departments to assist in solving crimes of a serial and/or extremely violent nature where the perpetrator is unknown (referred to by the Unit as the unknown subject or "unsub" for short), the B.A.U. uses the controversial scientific art of profiling to track and apprehend the unsub. Profiling entails coming up with basic characteristics of the unsub and the victims (referred to as the victimology), using evidence from the case and matching that information to historic precedents and psychological analyses as a means to solve the case. Because of the nature of the work conducted by the B.A.U. - the work being time consuming and psychologically demanding - its members are fiercely loyal to the Unit and to its other members. Also because of the work's overall demanding nature, not many members of the B.A.U. have been able to maintain a happy or stable family life. Huggo In this crime series, a crack team of F.B.I. profilers fly from Quantico to the focal point of the criminal activity of various serial killers. There they investigate the evidence from the crime scenes, compose a profile, and try to prevent the next fatal strike. Top brain was academic Jason Gideon (Mandy Patinkin), who left the bureau after some difficult decisions. His more by-the-book operational right hand man Aaron "Hotch" Hotchner (Thomas Gibson) then took over the team. After Gideon leaves, David Rossi (Joe Mantegna), previously retired, rejoins the bureau in an effort to make a difference in people's lives again and follow-up on a case he worked years ago. The still juvenile Dr. Spencer Reid (Matthew Gray Gubler) is an erudite on everything except real-life, Penelope Garcia (Kirsten Vangsness), a brilliant computer whiz who gets access to any database, et cetera. As they are mobile, cooperation with local Police and F.B.I. Agents is important, but often poses jurisdictional and other problems, as do some witnesses and suspects. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Resident Evil VII: Biohazard (2017 Video Game)Summaries An ordinary man must embark on a search to find his missing wife that leads him to an abandoned house where a mysterious family lives who harbor an evil secret within the house and themselves. Following the more action-oriented Resident Evil 5 and Resident Evil 6, Resident Evil 7 returns to the franchise's survival horror roots, emphasizing exploration. The player controls Ethan Winters as he searches for his wife in a derelict plantation occupied by the cannibal Baker family, solving puzzles and fighting enemies. It is the first main series game to use the first-person view. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 CSI: Crime Scene Investigation (20002015)44) Series following an elite team of police forensic evidence investigation experts as they work their cases in Las Vegas. This show follows the nights of the detectives working at the Las Vegas Police Department Crime Scene Investigations bureau. Being the second busiest crime lab in America, CSI officers use the best scientific and technical methods to solve puzzles and catch criminals. ahmetkozan The Las Vegas PD Criminalistics Division is the #2 crime lab in the US, solving crimes that practically every other crime lab has given up on. Led by hard-nosed Captain Jim Brass and quirky Gil Grissom, they track down perpetrators using scientific analysis and the occasional leap in logic. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> In the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, its reputation for providing instant success for those willing to try their luck draws in the hopeful and the naive. This constant influx of visitors also provides ripe targets for criminals of all varieties, confident they will never be caught. Unfortunately for them, most are proven wrong by the Las Vegas Police Department's night shift Crime Scene Investigations unit led by Gill Grissom. With almost obsessive dedication towards his quest for the facts, he and his elite team of investigators work various perplexing cases using scientific skills and equipment that are capable of finding valuable clues from the most seemingly unlikely sources. In a city of empty dreams and false fronts, Gill Grissom leads the quest for the one thing that can cut through the lies to the truth and justice, the evidence. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 