nm0005448:

 The Practice (19972004)Summaries We follow the exploits and cases of defense attorneys of a Boston law firm. Bobby Donnell is the senior defense attorney and founder of the firm. Bobby Donnell is the head of a struggling Boston law firm that seems to constantly struggle with ethical themes while defending murderers, rapists, etc. Jimmy, Eugene, Ellenor and Lindsay are junior attorneys with the firm, the streetwise receptionist, and Helen the firm's frequent adversary with the D.A.'s office in this smart and clever weekly series. Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Whatever It Takes (2000)66) A modern-day remake of the Cyrano DeBergerac tale. Ryan (Shane West) is a bit of a geek with eyes for the school sex bomb, Ashley (Jodi Lyn O'Keefe), which induces cringing in his neighbor and best friend, Maggie (Marla Sokoloff), a cute intellectual girl. But popular jock Chris (James Franco) has his eye on Maggie, and he offers to help Ryan win Ashley if Ryan will help Chris with Maggie. So begins a two-headed variation on Cyrano de Bergerac; Ryan composes soulful e-mails for Chris, and Chris advises Ryan to treat Ashley like dirt, which seems to be the only way to get her attention. At first, neither finds it easy to change their ways; Chris comes on too strong, and Ryan is too nervous to be a jerk. But as they start to succeed, Ryan begins to see Maggie in a new light and wonders if he's pursuing the right girl. He realizes Ashley is not meant for him, and tries to convince Maggie about Chris's affection for her. Maggie is reluctant to take him "back" at first, but then realizes Ryan has a change of heart. Anonymous Ryan's dreams for catching the eye of the 'goddess of the high school hallway' has a chance of becoming true when her cousin (Chris) offers to make him a deal. All he has to do is help Chris to win the heart of his best friend, the beautiful enigmatic Maggie. This sparks off a damned cute comedy as 'boy helps boy to get girl' Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Best friends and neighbors, Ryan Woodman and Maggie Carter, are four weeks away from the prom, and they've agreed to go together if they don't have real dates. Then Chris, a cool guy from the football team, offers to help Ryan connect with Ashley, a popular blond. In exchange, a la Cyrano, Chris needs Ryan's help to get close to Maggie. Ryan makes the deal, helps the dastardly Chris play Maggie, takes advantage of Ashley's lack of self-esteem, loses his values, makes fun of his geeky friends, and falls in Maggie's estimation. Maggie is fooled by Chris, poised to be his next score. Before prom night is over, with its Titanic theme, will Ryan stop sinking? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Ryan's dreams for catching the eye of the 'goddess of the high school hallway' has a chance of becoming true when her cousin (Dunleavy) offers to make him a deal. All he has to do is help Dunleavy to win the heart of his best friend, the beautiful enigmatic Maggie. This sparks off a damned cute comedy as 'boy helps boy to get girl' Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> A modern-day version of the Cyrano De Bergeac tale in which geekish high school student Ryan Woodman, likes the popular Ashley Grant, but does not have the nerve to express his feelings for her. Ashley's cousin, football jock Chris Campbell, coaches Ryan on courting Ashley in exchange for Ryan giving him help on how to win the heart of Ryan's platonic next-door neighbor Maggie Carter in time for the senior prom which has the doomed ship 'Titanic' as its theme. Matt Patay It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dude, Where's My Car? (2000)541) Two potheads wake up after a night of partying and cannot remember where they parked their car. Roommates Jesse and Chester, both who have more than just a few cards short of a full deck, are stoner dudes who don't even do their jobs as pizza delivery guys well. They awaken one morning having little recollection of what they did the previous night, due to being wasted. They discover that their kitchen is full of prepackaged pudding, how they got all the pudding they are unaware. From a telephone message they receive, they come to the realization that at some point during the previous night they were at a party at the house of their girlfriends, twins Wanda and Wilma, and that today is their one year anniversary, which they did remember as they already bought the twins gifts. But the worst thing in not remembering what happened last night is that Jesse's car is missing. In trying to find out what happened to the car, they believe they have to recreate the feeling and mindset of last night, meaning getting wasted all over again. In trying to find the car, they, being the types that area easily distracted, get sidetracked by one item after another, most specifically the potential of having sex with hot babes (sex with which Wanda and Wilma have not yet provided them), and learning that they apparently had a suitcase filled with $200,000 last night, the suitcase and therefore the money to which they don't know what happened. During their day of discovery, they also end up encountering one group of alien wannabes, and two groups of actual aliens, all three groups who are after the continuum transfunctioner which they believe Jesse and Chester have. Jesse and Chester don't know where it is let alone what it is, but these three groups seem to be willing to do whatever necessary to get it from Jesse and Chester. In the process, Jesse and Chester may have to make decisions which may not only save their lives and those of Wanda, Wilma and their best friend Nelson, a zen-master, but that of the entire universe. But most importantly, they may actually find Jesse's car after all is said and done. Huggo Jesse and Chester, two bumbling stoners, wake up one morning from a night of partying and cannot remember where they parked their car which prompts them on a journey to find it and along the way, they encounter a variety of people who include their angry girlfriends Wilma and Wanda whose house they trashed, an angry street gang, a transexual stripper hounding them for a suitcase full of stolen money, a cult of alien seeking fanatics, and a group of aliens in human form looking for a mystical device that could save or destroy the world. Matthew Patay <pataygs@voicenet.com> Jesse and Chester are two potheads who got so wasted the night before, they don't remember a thing! All they know is Jesse's car is gone and they encounter a transsexual stripper who wants his/her suitcase of stolen money, a group of alien-seeking nerds and an angry street gang. And their girlfriends Wilma and Wanda are super-pissed that they trashed their house. And they must find a "continum transfuctioner", a mystical device that could either save or destroy the world. And a group of jumpsuit-wearing, sexy-as-hell, aliens posing as humans want it.... Matt Whiteside <RavenWerkheiserHexorcist> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jesse (Ashton Kutcher) and Chester (Seann William Scott) are two dim-witted potheads who wake up one morning and can't remember what happened the night before. There is a lifetime supply of pudding in the kitchen. Their girlfriends The Twins, Wanda (Jennifer Garner) and Wilma (Marla Sokoloff), call and remind them it's their one-year anniversary. Jesse and Chester decide they must have gotten the twins gifts and they are in the car. They go outside and cannot find Jesse's car. It is decided that they need to practice altered conscious memory retrieval by putting themselves into the state of mind of the night before. They go to their friend Nelson's (David Herman) house where they have a talk about reclaiming their memory as well as watch Nelson's cannabis-loving dog smoke on a pipe. Later, they are hungry from smoking all that weed and decide to go to Chinese Foooood, a drive-through Chinese restaurant where the belligerent woman, who takes their order, annoys Jesse so much by repeating "and then?" that he destroys the drive-up speaker. Being a pacifist against violence, Nelson drops them off on the street where they meet the local hot girl Christie Boner (Kristy Swanson), "el fuego of all that is el fuego". They are surprised when she recognizes them and tells them what a nice time she had the night before. Then her jock boyfriend Tommy (Charlie O'Connell) shows up with his friends and threatens "stoner bashin' time" if Jesse and Chester talk to Christie again. In an effort to retrace their steps, they end up at the Kitty Kat Club, a local strip bar where they are well known by the dancers, further perplexing them as to what exactly happened the night before. Here Jesse meets Tania, a "gender challenged male" who angrily tells him that she gave him a suitcase full of stolen money to keep safe for her and she wants it back. Jesse and Chester decide to go to The Twins' house to try to remember the night before. They try to help The Twins clean the house but fail when they accidentally spill garbage all over the living room floor. Wilma and Wanda kick them out proclaiming they never do anything right. At this point the Jesse and Chester are kidnapped by a group of space nerds who follow Zoltan (Hal Sparks). The nerds tell them that last night they were in possession of a mysterious and powerful device called the Continuum Transfunctioner, and the nerds are searching for this device. Upon being dropped off back on Main Street, the guys visit the local tailor, Mr. Lee, who gives them their special suits that they ordered the night before. They both find matching tattoos on their backs. Jesse's reads 'Dude' and Chester's reads 'Sweet'. Chester finds a Rubik's Cube in his suit. They also realize they have cell phones and have leased a convertible sports car. Sweet! Out on the street, they are approached by five strange-looking women, wearing black jumpsuits, who proclaim themselves 'Hot Chicks'. They offer to give Jesse and Chester "erotic pleasure" in exchange for the Continuum Transfunctioner. Tania once again shows up asking for her money and the five Hot Chicks disappear. At this point Jesse and Chester are arrested by the police after being mistaken for thieves and are interrogated at the police station by a pair of overzealous beat cops. Once they are proved innocent, they find out that their car was found last night by the police, but unfortunately it was impounded by the sight-challenged officer Rick. Meanwhile, the five Hot Chicks travel to the pizza parlor where Jesse and Chester work to look for them, when they meet Tommy and his goons engorging on some pizza just as Kristie has had enough of Tommy's macho attitude and she walks out on him. The Hot Chicks approach Tommy and offer him "erotic pleasure" if they can get the Continuum Transfunctioner away from Jesse and Chester. Tommy sends them to the workplace of The Twins, who work as councilors at a local blind school and summer camp. Wilma and Wanda meet the Hot Chicks who ask the whereabouts of Jesse and Chester, and they become angry. At the same time, Tommy and his friends kidnap Nelson, and call Jesse and Chester to arrange the transfer of Nelson for the Continuum Transfunctioner. After leaving the police station, Jesse and Chester meet a pair of gay-looking Nordic dudes who claim to be the Keepers of the Continuum Transfunctioner. They lent it to Jesse and Chester the night before. But the guys are more suspicious than ever and shake the two mysterious guys off. Our heroes go home to their house only to meet The Twins who break up with them. Overcome with love for The Twins, Jesse and Chester realize they must have really good anniversary gifts in the car and resume the search. Jesse and Chester arrive at a car impound lot where they are told that their car was sold at an auction, but eventually they are able to get the address of the buyer. At this point they are once again approached by the Nordic dudes and they send them to Chinese Foooood to keep them busy with the non-English speaking Chinese lady over the order intercom. While they are on their way to the buyer's place, Jesse and Chester are kidnapped by the space nerds again and taken to their leader's country house, only to find out The Twins are bound and gagged and being held hostage by Zoltan until he receives the Continuum Transfunctioner. Jesse and Chester are allowed to leave and they follow the address of the man who purchased their car at an auction to a very secure ostrich compound. They sneak in over the fence only to be attacked by several ostriches and are then captured and caged for poaching by the compound owner Pierre (Brent Spiner), an eccentric ostrich breeder. Jesse and Chester are freed when Chester knows the answer to the question Pierre poses thanks to his constant watching of Animal Planet. Pierre offers to give them their car back only to discover it has been stolen from the compound. All Pierre was able to recover was a locker key from a locker at Captain Stu's Space-O-Rama, a local miniature golf course and video arcade. As nightfall arrives, Jesse and Chester arrive at the Space-O-Rama and find a stash of cool stuff in the locker, including Captain Stu tickets, a cool straw, and the suitcase full of money. Tania and her transsexual boyfriend, Patty, show up and take the money. Jesse and Chester use the Captain Stu tickets to buy a fake Continuum Transfunctioner. They then call Zoltan and Tommy claiming that they have the Continuum Transfunctioner. Zoltan shows up and trades The Twins for the fake Transfunctioner. Just then, Tommy shows up and steals the fake Transfunctioner and lets Nelson free. The five Hot Chicks and the two Nordic Dudes show up, both claiming to be the Keepers of the Continuum Transfunctioner. Even Christie Boner shows up and has a quick meeting of the minds with Nelson, while Jesse and Chester's boss, also shows up with pizza after Chester anonymously called requesting pizza. Just then, Chester finally solves the Rubik's Cube (which he has been working on the entire time since finding it in his colored suit) which suddenly glows and morphs into a strange silver-painted globe and it is revealed to be the Continuum Transfunctioner. The Transfunctioner is now activated and will destroy the universe unless the true Keepers can turn it off. Jesse and Chester decide who the real Keepers are by asking a question about the 18th hole of putt-putt the night before. Only the real Keepers know that they won a lifetime supply of pudding by getting a hole in one. The two alien Nordic dudes answer correctly and are given back the Transfunctioner which they deactivate. The universe is saved until the Hot Chicks scream with rage and morph into a "Super Hot Giant Alien Chick" and go after the Continuum Transfunctioner. The Nordic Dudes attempt to use the device to banish the giant to Hoboken, New Jersey, only to get flung aside, and the Transfunctioner lands in Jesse's hands. The Giant Alien Chick then eats Tommy, while Christie reacts with indifference. Jesse and Chester are forced to run outside in the putt-putt golf course and the Giant Chick follows them. Jesse and Chester must activate the Photon Accelerator Annihilation Beam to destroy her. Chester once again saves the day thanks to his love of Animal Planet by using a straw as a tool to push the button. Tommy however is still alive when he gets blown out of the giant alien chick's body. Christie falls in love with Nelson. The Nordic Dudes take the space nerds to a party on the Crab Nebula. Everyone's memory is erased by the Nordic Dudes as they use the Continuum Transfuctioner to reverse time to the very beginning of the movie. In the morning, Jesse and Chester can't remember the night before, but at least they find the car outside (which was hidden behind a mail truck this whole time) and drive to The Twins house where they exchange gifts and receive a special gift from the Keepers of the Continuum Transfunctioner. They get in the car to drive and get some Chinese Foooood. 
 Sugar & Spice (2001)Summaries A popular high-school cheerleader becomes pregnant by the star quarterback and turns to crime to support her desired lifestyle. Jack and Diane were lovers, two crazy kids living in the heartlands. Airheaded Diane captains the cheerleading squad, who follow her through whatever she does. Jack is, of course, the football team's star quarterback. When Diane becomes pregnant, the two are thrown out of their homes and move into an apartment where they try to live on Jack's part-time salary from clerking at a video store. Meanwhile both continue in school - cheerleading and quarterbacking. When Diane realizes that they're not making it financially, she recruits the other cheerleaders to help her rob a bank. Their cheerleader oath of all for one commits them to helping her. A local hood gives them guns in exchange for their promise to put his homely daughter on the cheerleading squad. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> After Diane Weston, the popular head cheerleader of Lincoln High School's A-squad, becomes pregnant by star football quarterback Jack Bartlett, she and her four cheerleader teammates, Kansas, Cleo, Lucy, Hannah, and newcomer Fern, plan the perfect bank robbery to support her and Jack after their parents cut them off financially. But their bitter rival Lisa from Lincoln's B-squad suspects something.. <pataygs@voicenet.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 