nm0006810:

 Blind Dating (2006)321) A blind young man (Pine) thinks he finds love with an Indian woman (Jay), though their relationship is fraught with cultural differences. A charming young blind man signs up for a dangerous experimental procedure: brain surgery that may give him partial vision. While taking tests he falls hard for the lovely East Indian nurse, but she has been promised in an arranged marriage - a promise she feels she cannot break without dishonoring her family. But when the man's brain surgery goes unexpectedly awry, the crisis effects a reunion between the two young lovers. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Danny Valdessecchi (Chris Pine) is an intelligent, handsome, charming young man who happens to be blind. Having been blind from birth, he volunteers for a risky experimental procedure that may restore his sight -- having a microchip installed in the visual cortex of his brain that connects to a camera that would give him only, at best, fuzzy black and white images. During the tests he meets a beautiful Indian nurse, Leeza (Anjali Jay). Meanwhile, because Danny is a virgin at 22, his brother Larry (Eddie Kaye Thomas), who runs a limousine service, gets him a string of hilariously disastrous blind dates in between rentals. When Danny finally realizes that he is falling for Leeza, she tells him she cannot see him anymore because she has been promised in an arranged marriage. Believing that Leeza did not pursue their relationship because of his being blind, Danny becomes depressed and stops taking the necessary tests for his brain surgery. Danny's family, his eccentric psychotherapist Dr. Evans (Jane Seymour) and eye doctor Dr. Perkins (Stephen Tobolowsky) advise him to continue because it is his only chance of seeing, and soon Danny is successfully operated on. He sees his family's faces for the first time, but not Leeza's, who was away, reluctantly preparing for her marriage. Soon the experiment proves to be a failure, as the fragile prosthesis in his brain moves, clouding his already weak vision, and Danny goes back to being blind. Realizing that he really loves Leeza, he bursts into the wedding, professing his love for her and saying "Love is how you speak to me. Love is how you touch me...and guide me showing me the way to go. And when we kiss, when we kiss, it moves me to my soul." The couple kiss. At this the marriage is called off and Danny and Leeza start over, learning more about each other's family and culture. 
 Evan Almighty (2007)651) God contacts Congressman Evan Baxter and tells him to build an ark in preparation for a great flood. Buffalo newsman Evan Baxter is elected to Congress with the slogan, "Change the world." He lucks into a huge house in a new Virginia suburb. His Capitol office is also fantastic, but there's a catch: he's tapped by the powerful Congressman Long to co-sponsor a bill to allow development in national parks. In steps God, who appears to a disbelieving Evan and gently commands him to build an ark. Tools and wood arrive in Evan's yard, animal pairs follow, his beard and hair grow wildly, nomad's clothes and a staff appear. Long grows impatient, Evan starts building, his family leaves him, reporters gather, and drought grips D.C. Still, Evan believes. But will he change the world? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Just like Bruce Nolan in Bruce Almighty (2003) , the former news anchorman and newly elected Congressman, Evan Baxter, is facing a pivotal point in his life while trying to change the world. With a controversial bill waiting for approval, suddenly, strange coincidences start to occur, as the mysterious numbers 6:14 seem to sprout up again and again, and pairs of wild animals flock to his perfectly manicured lawn. Now, long silver hair and a matching beard complete the perplexed congressman's new look. Has he become a modern-day Noah? Under those circumstances, has Evan, indeed, conversed with God? Above all, will, or, better yet, can Evan build God's ark in time? Nick Riganas The last time we saw Evan Baxter, he was being tormented by rival Bruce Nolan on screen, live from their Buffalo TV station. But as time passed and Evan has made up with Bruce, he's gone onto bigger and better things. Newly elected to Washington D.C. as a congressman, Evan has left Buffalo, New York in pursuit of a greater calling. But that calling isn't serving in the illustrious ranks of America's politics, but being summoned by the Almighty himself, who has handed Evan the task of building a new ark, much as Noah did before. With time passing by and his family belittled by Evan's newfound realization, Evan will have to do the work that God has given him in what promises to be an unusual adventure for a man who just wanted to serve his country, might actually be serving humanity. mystic80 Evan Baxter is a rising congressman with a bright future and his goal to "change the world". God hears this message and decides to give him a hand. Delivering Evan the material and the animals, he sets Evan the task of building an ark. After trying to ignore God as much as possible, Evan eventually goes ahead with the plan, even if the other Congressmen and his family thinks he's mad. FilmFanUk Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Newly elected to Congress, former local TV newsman Evan Baxter (Steve Carell) leaves Buffalo and shepherds his family to suburban northern Virginia, where his congressional campaign declares that he will change the world without explaining how he will do so. On his first job, he meets Marty (John Michael Higgins), Rita Daniels (Wanda Sykes) and top congressman Chuck Long (John Goodman). Soon after his arrival, strange things start to happen: 01 - Animals follow Evan without any apparent reason. 02 - He grows a beard that is restored wholly every time he shaves. 03 - Eight vacant lots in Evan's neighborhood are purchased in his name. 04 - Ancient tools and wood are sent to his house. 05 - The number "614" appears everywhere he goes. Evan soon learns that the number indicates a verse in the book of Genesis, in which God instructs Noah to build an ark. Later, God (Morgan Freeman) appears and commands Evan to build a replica of Noah's Ark in preparation for a deluge. His family initially believe that he is having an extraordinary mid-life crisis; later, his sons suspect that something greater is occurring and assist him in the construction of the ark, although his wife Joan (Lauren Graham) does not. Reappearing, God tells Evan the flood will come at noon on September 22. Animals later follow Evan to Congress. When he explains the reason for this, Chuck Long suspends him. Upon Evan's departure, some birds poop on Chuck. Joan, upon seeing a news report that features the Ark, takes their three sons to her mother's house, thinking to abandon Evan. Evan then builds the Ark alone, gaining international notice. Some time after Joan leaves Evan, God appears to her as a waiter at a diner, wearing a name tag displaying "Al Mighty" (a play on "almighty"). In this guise, He tells her that God does not give things, but only the opportunity by which to obtain things, citing togetherness of families as one of these things. Seeing His meaning, Joan returns to Evan to finish the ark together. Meanwhile, word reaches Evan that Chuck Long has commissioned a dam and has cut corners in doing so. On September 22, Evan loads hundreds of animals onto the newly finished ark in front of live news crews and nearby citizens. Minutes pass wherein is no sign of rain, provoking the spectators' scorn. When a rainstorm is briefly present, Evan takes this as a sign of the coming deluge, but is proven wrong. Joan tells Evan to leave the ark; Evan, however, remembers Congressman Long's dam, which he fears may burst. As he thinks on this, the dam does burst, flooding the streets. At this, all spectators and policeman board the ark, which sails down the streets of Washington D.C. on the floodwaters of the lake until it eventually lands touching the front of the Capitol. Evan then tells Long that the flood was caused by his poor design of the dam, which incites the other congressmen present to turn against Long. As investigations on Chuck Long are occurring, Evan and his family later go on a hiking trip, during which God reappears to Evan, telling him that the way to change the world is by doing one Act of Random Kindness ("ARK") at a time. 
 Dirty Love (2005)Summaries A jilted photographer goes on a mission to get back at her philandering model boyfriend and along the way discovers that not all love is created equal. A modern-day Cinderella story which sees disaster-prone Rebecca embark on a journey in search of true love. Betrayed by her boyfriend Richard and following a palm-reader's psychic prophecy, Rebecca goes in pursuit of her one true soul mate. MDM Two-bit L.A. photographer Rebecca Sommers fails to keep her classy boyfriend, super-sexy model Richard Hunting, satisfied, and finally catches him having sex with a younger girl; when she walks out she forgets her equipment and he trashes it. Instead of giving her only devoted admirer, gentle John, a chance, she focuses on making Richard jealous. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cottonmouth (2002)Summaries Texas cop Thomas Carruth is not just any police officer. He delivers justice -- justice at any price -- with just his badge and trusty bullet, and he's a one-man judge, jury and executioner looking for any punks who do wrong. A legal conspiracy between a rouge Texas cop, a State Judge, and several powerful businessmen that results in vigilante action against a number of criminals, who have escaped punishment through loopholes in justice system. In order to cover their actions, the conspirators have also disposed of many innocent victims, including the wife and child of former District Attorney JB Thornton. Through the investigative efforts of an inquisitive female attorney, the pair begin to unravel the conspiracy and naturally, become a target themselves. James Dalthorp It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 