nm0002253:

 Zodiac (2007)431) Between 1968 and 1983, a San Francisco cartoonist becomes an amateur detective obsessed with tracking down the Zodiac Killer, an unidentified individual who terrorizes Northern California with a killing spree. A serial killer in the San Francisco Bay Area taunts police with his letters and cryptic messages. We follow the investigators and reporters in this lightly fictionalized account of the true 1970's case as they search for the murderer, becoming obsessed with the case. Based on Robert Graysmith's book, the movie's focus is the lives and careers of the detectives and newspaper people. tom day Robert Graysmith is a cartoonist who works for the San Francisco Chronicle. His quirky ways irritate Paul Avery, a reporter whose drinking gets in the way of doing his job. The two become friends thanks to a shared interest: the Zodiac killer. Graysmith steadily becomes obsessed with the case, as Avery's life spirals into drunken oblivion. Graysmith's amateur sleuthing puts him onto the path of David Toschi, a police inspector who has thus far failed to catch his man; Sherwood Morrill, a handwriting expert; Linda del Buono, a convict who knew one of the Zodiac's victims; and others. Graysmith's job, his wife and his children all become unimportant next to the one thing that really matters: catching the Zodiac. J. Spurlin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts on July 4, 1969, with the Zodiac killer's second attack. After shooting Darlene Ferrin and Mike Mageau at a lovers' lane in Vallejo, the killer calls 911, and reports his actions. Mageau survives while Ferrin dies from her injuries. Four weeks later, a letter written by the Zodiac arrives at the San Francisco Chronicle. An encrypted letter is included, as well as a demand that the newspaper publish the letter or the Zodiac will kill again. Similar demands with different encrypted letters, have also been sent to the Vallejo Times and the San Francisco Examiner. Paul Avery (Robert Downey, Jr.), a Chronicle crime reporter, soon begins to investigate for the newspaper. The encrypted letter catches the eye of the Chronicle's political cartoonist, Robert Graysmith (Jake Gyllenhaal). Eventually, the encryption is cracked by a history teacher in Salinas, California. However, there are some left-over letters that haven't been deciphered, and Graysmith begins trying to figure them out, catching Avery's attention. Along with the extra symbols, is a symbol that Avery says looks like a "gun sight." The Zodiac killer strikes again in September of 1969, confronting and stabbing Bryan Hartnell and Cecelia Shepard (Pell James) at Lake Berryessa in Napa County. Shepard dies as a result of the attack, while Hartnell survives. Zodiac then sends a new letter to the Chronicle, in which he calls man "the most dangerous game of all." Robert sparks to the line, recalling it as a line from a film, based on a book called "The Most Dangerous Game." Soon afterward, San Francisco taxicab driver Paul Stine is shot and killed in the city's Presidio Heights district. San Francisco police detectives Dave Toschi (Mark Ruffalo) and his partner Bill Armstrong (Anthony Edwards) are assigned to the case, but the actions of the killer (whom they do not know is the Zodiac at the time), seem perplexing. It is shortly after this that the Chronicle receives a new Zodiac letter, with a piece of the cab driver's bloody shirt. The Zodiac also states in the letter, that he plans to attack city school buses. Toschi and Armstrong soon find themselves liaising with other detectives such as Jack Mulanax (Elias Koteas) in Vallejo and Ken Narlow (Donal Logue) in Napa, reviewing the evidence on Zodiac. While the SFPD was able to get a partial fingerprint from the taxi cab crime scene, Narlow tells how a ranger accidentally destroyed the Napa crime scene. However, they did find "Wing Walker" boot prints on the ground, with the footwear only able to be purchased with a Military ID. Armstrong attempts to get an interview with Michael Mageau (the survivor of the Zodiac's second killing), but is informed by Vallejo PD that he is no longer in town. The different police departments also find themselves struggling to communicate between each other, given that much of the sending of material evidence has to be done exclusively through postal mail. In their own little conversations afterwards, Avery and Greysmith, as well as Toschi and Armstrong, question the Zodiac's motives. The cab driver is his first killing that doesn't involve a couple...leading the two groups of men to believe he's trying to break his pattern. Soon afterward, the Zodiac ( or someone claiming to be him), requests to call into an early morning talk show, and speak with celebrity lawyer Melvin Belli (Brian Cox). A deep-voiced man who goes by the name of "Sam" calls in. Giving into Melvin's request to meet, Sam says to go to a church in Daly City. Melvin and the SFPD rush to the scene, but Sam is a no-show, and it is soon revealed that the caller was someone from a mental institution. Even Bryan Hartnell (the survivor of the Zodiac's third killing), confirms the voice does not belong to the man he encountered at Lake Berryessa. Another letter soon arrives at the Chronicle, taunting the police, and including instructions for creating an explosive device. It is after this that Avery and Graystone have a conversation about their interest in the letters. Graystone explains his liking of puzzles, that made the challenge to solve the Zodiac's ciphers intriguing. He also tells of a number of different codes he found that were included in the letters...including one referred to as "the Zodiac alphabet." The Zodiac sends a letter to Melvin Belli for Christmas of 1969, and through the Spring and Summer of 1970, sends a number of letters to the Chronicle, once again taunting the police, and claiming responsibility for a number of incidents. The Chronicle soon decides to stop publishing the letters, once Avery calls into question just how truthful the Zodiac is. Paul also confides to Graysmith, that the "gun sight" symbol on the letters, appears to have been copied from the symbol for the Zodiac brand of watch. Avery writes a number of unflattering stories about the Zodiac, and is "rewarded" for this with a personal letter from the Zodiac, along with a piece of the cab driver's bloody shirt. Paul attempts to find out more about the Zodiac, and meets with an unspecified source in Riverside, California. From this, Avery believes he has found evidence of the Zodiac's first murder victim (predating the 1969 shooting of Darlene Ferrin and Mike Mageau). This sends Toschi and Armstrong to Riverside to investigate. The evidence seems similar, but they rule out it being an exact match to their killer. However, Paul Avery's stories convince much of the viewing public, infuriating Toschi. Avery's article soon brings all sorts of people to Toschi and the SFPD, many of them claiming to know the Zodiac's identity. Of all the interviews, one about a man named Arthur Leigh Allen (John Carroll Lynch), sounds very promising. Toschi, Armstrong and Mulanax then go to question Arthur, though turn up nothing concrete. They interview several of Arthur's family, who turn over handwriting samples for study. However, handwriting expert Sherwood Morrill's review of the letters, shows no connections. Eventually, Toschi and is told by Arthur's family that he has moved to Santa Rosa. A warrant is issued by the Santa Rosa PD, and Toschi and Armstrong search Arthur's trailer. They find a number of weapons, and soon confront Arthur when he arrives home. However, after getting a new handwriting sample and checking his prints, nothing of Arthur's matches any of the information on file for Zodiac, infuriating Toschi that his best lead didn't pan out. Trying to unwind, Toschi and his wife go to see the film "Dirty Harry." After it ends, Toschi meets Graysmith in the lobby. Robert assures Toschi that he'll catch the Zodiac, but Toschi seems very unsure. Four years later, it is 1975. In that time, Graysmith has remarried, and has restarted having a family. Paul Avery meanwhile, has had his sanity take a nose-dive, quitting the Chronicle and going to work for the Sacramento Bee. Dave Toschi is thrown for a loop when his partner Bill Armstrong tells him he is quitting homicide, and moving over to the fraud department. Throughout this time, the Zodiac has been silent. When Graysmith's wife Melanie (Chlo Sevigny) mentions all the Zodiac stuff he's collected over the years, Robert visits Paul, and tells him about wanting to write a book about Zodiac. However, Robert's hopes are dashed when Paul tells him that he no longer has any of his stuff on the killer, and chastises the curious man. Robert next inquires to Dave Toschi. Though Toschi claims he can't help Robert, he quietly tells him to inquire to Ken Narlow in Napa. Narlow allows Robert to look through the Napa Police's evidence on the case Darlene Ferrin and Mike Mageau. Robert then tells Toschi that Darlene seemed to have a number of admirers, and it's possible the person who is the Zodiac, may have been one of them. Plus, there were suspicious phone calls with heavy-breathing on the line, made to a number of Darlene's relations on the night she was murdered, further making Graysmith believe the killer knew her. Robert claims he needs to find Darlene's sister, but Toschi also recommends he inquire to Melvin Belli. Robert pays the lawyer a visit, and in an interesting discussion with one of his housekeeper's, is informed that the Zodiac talked to her. Mr Belli was not home, and the Zodiac informed the housekeeper that he "had to kill, because it was his birthday" that day. This evidence allows Robert to narrow down the dates to December 18th through the 20th, and while Toschi recommends he check the Department of Justice for information, he doesn't get much help. It is soon after, that Robert gets a call at home, from a man who claims that the Zodiac's real name is Rick Marshall, and a man named Bob Vaughn has film canisters with evidence showing Rick is the Zodiac. Robert also goes to talk to Sherwood Morrill about fingerprints and handwriting samples. During the talk, Sherwood tells how a man named Wallace Penny, told him a man named Rick Marshall was the Zodiac, shocking Robert that the man who called him, also spoke to Sherwood! Back at the SFPD, Toschi is called in when the department receives their first Zodiac letter in four years. However, some assume that Toschi forged the letter, and the suspicions lead to him being kicked off of the homicide division. Robert attempts to speak to Toschi, but Dave refuses to answer any questions about Rick Marshall. Robert then goes up to Napa, and speaks with Ken Narlow. Narlow tells how he had interviewed Rick Marshall, but was never able to get fingerprints of handwriting samples from him. Hoping to find Marshall, Robert calls up Morrill, and gets the number of Wallace Penny. Wallace sends Robert one of the posters he claims Rick drew for a silent movie house. Morrill examines it, and sees some small similarities to Zodiac, but needs more information to review. By now, the case has consumed Robert's life. He loses his job at the Chronicle, and his wife takes the kids and leaves, fearful that the Zodiac may target their family. Someone has also been calling Robert's phone number, breathing heavily, and hanging up. Robert continues trying to track down Darlene Ferrin's sister Linda for help, but also inquires to a Bob Vaughn for help. Vaughn knew Rick Marshall as a theater projectionist a long time ago, though when Robert mentions the posters they are looking through for evidence, Bob claims that he drew all the posters, not Rick. Robert quickly leaves the premises, unsure what to think now. Robert soon after goes to visit Darlene's sister Linda, who is in prison. Robert asks her about a "painting party" that he heard of, where there was a man who was making Darlene feel uneasy. Robert is convinced this was Rick Marshall, but Linda claims it was not a person named Rick...it was some man named "Lee." Robert is convinced that this is Arthur Leigh Allen, and quickly rushes to Toschi's place in the middle of the night to tell him, and the former homicide detective finally relents for a meeting. The two go to a diner, where Robert points out a number of things that could link Arthur to the Zodiac, but Toschi claims all he has is circumstantial evidence. Some even suspected that the Zodiac was someone Darlene may have known, and Arthur lived close to her place of business. Though Toschi claims he can't prove any of what Robert has revealed, he encourages him to finish his book on the Zodiac. The time then cuts to December of 1983. Robert walks into a hardware store in Vallejo and finds himself face-to-face with Arthur Leigh Allen. No words are exchanged, before Graysmith exits the store. Eight years later, in 1991, Mike Mageau meets with authorities, and is shown a number of mugshots. When he is questioned on which of the men could most likely be the Zodiac, he points out Arthur Leigh Allen. In the closing credits, we are given the following information: Arthur Leigh Allen died of a heart attack in 1992, before he could be questioned further by the police. A DNA test conducted in 2002, did not match a partial sample gathered from one of the Zodiac letters. Dave Toschi retired from the San Francisco Police Department in 1989, and was later cleared of the charges that he had forged the 1978 Zodiac letter. Paul Avery passed away in December of 2000, from pulmonary emphysema. Robert Graysmith still lives in San Francisco with his children. The mysterious phone calls he received, also ended around the same time that Allen died. 
 Gothika (2003)541) A depressed psychiatrist wakes up as a patient in the asylum where she worked, with no memory of why she is there or what she has done. Dr. Miranda Grey is a psychiatrist who works in a penitentiary, in the mental institution sector. She is married with Dr. Douglas Grey, the chief of department where Dr. Pete Graham also works. Chloe Sava, a patient of Dr. Miranda formerly abused by her stepfather, claims that she is frequently raped by the devil in her cell. After leaving the asylum in a stormy night, Dr. Miranda has a car accident, and when she wakes up, she is an inmate of the institution, being accused of an horrible crime and having no memory of the incident. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A criminal psychologist awakens to find herself a patient in the institution where she works, with no memory of the murder she's accused of committing. As she tries to regain her memory - and her freedom - a vengeful spirit manipulates her. Anonymous Dr. Miranda Grey is a brilliant criminal psychiatrist. However, after a auto accident, she wakes up only to find that she has been convicted for the murder of her husband Doug. With only fragmented memories of the alleged crime, she begins to dig deeper into her husband's past. Meanwhile she is being haunted by the ghost of a girl called Rachel who is seemingly trying to convey a message to her with the phrase 'not alone.' As Miranda learns more about her husband with clues from Rachel, she realizes that Doug is not who he seems at all. Ploy P. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Psychiatrist Dr. Miranda Grey (Halle Berry) works at a mental hospital and has a car accident after trying to avoid a girl (Kathleen Mackey) on a road during a stormy night, while driving back home. She rushes to try to help the girl. The girl turns out to in fact be a ghost, and possesses Miranda's body by burning her after she extends her hand to the girl. Miranda loses consciousness. Miranda next wakes up in the very hospital she works for, but as a patient treated by her co-worker, Dr. Pete Graham (Robert Downey, Jr.). Drugged and confused, she remembers nothing of what happened after the car accident. To her horror, she learns that her husband Douglas (Charles S. Dutton) was brutally murdered and that she is the primary suspect. While Miranda copes with her new life in the hospital, the ghost uses her body to carry out messages (most noticeably, she carves the words "not alone" into Miranda's arm) which leads her former colleagues to believe Miranda is suicidal and is inflicting the wounds on herself. Meanwhile, Miranda bonds with fellow inmate (and former patient) Chloe Sava (Penlope Cruz). Several times in sessions, Chloe had claimed that she'd been raped while in the hospital, but Miranda had always attributed these stories to mental illness. One night, the door to Miranda's room in the hospital is opened by the ghost that has been haunting her. When she passes Chloe's room in the hospital, she can hear the rape occurring and momentarily sees a man's chest pressed against the window. The man's chest bears a tattoo of an Anima Sola. Miranda realizes that Chloe was not making up these stories, and when she sees Chloe the next day, she apologizes, and the two embrace. Chloe warns Miranda her attacker said he was going to target Miranda next. Miranda begins regaining some of her memories bit by bit, and slowly comes to remember herself killing her husband. She realizes that the ghost had used her body to murder Douglas, thus making Miranda the patsy for his murder. This is why all of the physical evidence points to Miranda. Miranda escapes the hospital, having recognized the girl as a ghost. Seeking clues to the mystery of why she killed her husband, she goes to a farmhouse in Willow Creek, Rhode Island. In the cellar of the barn she discovers a room containing a blood-stained bed, what appears to be a box containing drugs, restraints, and video equipment. She watches the tape that is still in the camera and the viewer hears a woman screaming as if tortured or raped. In the final seconds of the video, Douglas walks into the shot, covers a woman's lifeless body on the bed with a sheet, and winks at the camera. At this point, police arrive, and one officer comes closer to Miranda and draws a gun on her while she is holding a knife to him. Miranda backs up to a stair case, and all of a sudden an injured, frantically screaming girl grabs hold of her from the adjoining crawlspace. The police release the girl, and Miranda is taken to jail. While she is in jail, Sheriff Ryan (John Carroll Lynch), who was Douglas' closest friend, talks to Miranda, and quizzes her on how she knew all these things. He does not believe her claim that ghosts told her everything, and asks her what sort of person the accomplice would be. Miranda uses her experience as a psychiatrist to give a psychological profile, and as she does so realizes that Ryan fits the profile perfectly. He attacks Miranda and in the fight reveals his tattoo an Anima Sola. Miranda kills the sheriff in an act of self-defense, with the help of the ghost. Meanwhile, Miranda sees that Pete just comes here to try to save her (as Pete had also discovered what she said were true). Miranda is next seen walking with Chloe on a city sidewalk discussing how each helped the other come to terms with their experiences. Miranda claims to be free of the ghost's influence and sends Chloe off in a taxi. Miranda then sees a young boy standing in the middle of the road who appears as though he is about to be struck by a fire truck. Miranda yells for the boy to move, but after the fire truck passes through the boy without harming him she realizes he was only a ghost. As Miranda walks away, a poster with the words "Have you seen Tim?" and a picture of the same boy is shown taped to a pole next to the street on which Miranda is walking. 
 The Founder (2016)541) The story of Ray Kroc , a salesman who turned two brothers' innovative fast food eatery, McDonald's, into the biggest restaurant business in the world, with a combination of ambition, persistence, and ruthlessness. 1954. Having worked as a salesman most of his adult life, Ray Kroc has been a hustler in most senses of the word. That hustling has made him the target of derision among certain circles for peddling what have ended up being more novelty or faddish than useful products, but it has also placed more than a comfortable roof in Arlington Heights, Illinois over his and his wife Ethel's heads. Ethel, however, wishes that he placed as much effort into being at home with her as he does in selling; his current job of peddling five-spindle milkshake makers for Prince Castle which has him constantly on the road going from one drive-in restaurant to another. It is because of the beefs he has with the whole drive-in experience (bad food, bad service) in constantly eating at such establishments while on the road that he becomes enthralled with the concept of McDonald's Restaurant in San Bernardino, California, owned and operated by brothers Richard McDonald and Maurice McDonald - Dick and Mac. Unlike most of Ray's customers who will only require one five-spindle milkshake maker at any given time, the McDonald brothers end up purchasing eight machines for their single restaurant. Primarily on Dick's initiative, the brothers have redesigned the whole concept of the drive-in restaurant to focus on quality food through a smaller menu of only the most popular items (hamburgers, fries, sodas), consistency in product so that customers know what to expect from time to time, change in the target market from lounging teenagers to families, and perhaps most importantly speed in having any order ready within seconds, many of these goals achievable through assembly line styled production. They had tried franchising previously, but failed in that they lost control over many of those aspects which made their San Bernardino restaurant successful. Despite believing Ray a bit off kilter (in other words, crazy), the McDonald brothers somewhat hesitantly enter into a contract with him to be their head of franchising. Ray's experience in the job is not without its problems, especially as his franchisees seem to be making more money than he is, he who is only breaking even. He is not averse to advancing ideas provided to him to get ahead - original ideas which are not his forte - he seeing the brothers as his biggest problem in they thinking small. These differences lead to a standoff between Ray and the brothers, the former who has a different goal for "his" business in profit and stoking his own ego seemingly his main priorities. Huggo In 1954, Ray Kroc is an unsuccessful traveling salesman selling Prince Castle brand milkshake mixers. While he has a supportive wife, Ethel, and has saved enough to live a simple and comfortable life in Arlington Heights, Illinois, he craves more. Ray also observes that many of the drive-in restaurants that he tries to sell to are inefficiently run, with a long waiting time for orders and carhops more concerned with avoiding the groping from greasers than getting the orders right. After learning that a drive-in in San Bernardino is ordering an unusually large number of milkshake mixers, Ray drives to California to see it. What he finds is McDonald's-a highly popular walk-up restaurant with fast service, high-quality food, disposable packaging, and a family-friendly atmosphere. Impressed by the revolutionary Speedee Service System of American brothers, Richard McDonald and Maurice McDonald , the 52-year-old, over the hill, milkshake machine salesman, Ray Kroc , drives to their small drive-in restaurant in 1954 San Bernardino, California. There, after tasting a fresh, scrumptious, 15-cent hamburger from grill to counter in just 30 seconds and learning all about the ingenious brothers' secret of success, Ray Kroc has an epiphany: what if the business of the innovative duo was franchised? As one thing leads to another, and Ray manages to strike a business deal with the McDonald brothers, what follows next is a tale of hard work, persistence, and determination, peppered with equal amounts of manipulation, ruthlessness, and greed. In an increasingly competitive world, just how far is one willing to go to seize a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1954, Ray Kroc (Michael Keaton) is a salesman, struggling to sell multimixers milkshake machine small drive-in businesses across the country. However, as much as Ray tries to win over these places, he keeps striking out. His travels also find him at the mercy of the small businesses' food-serving techniques, which often take too long to serve, or get his order wrong. Ray is also not much of a fan of the teenage clientele that seem to hang around most of these places. Checking with the sales company in Chicago, his secretary June Martino (Kate Kneeland) informs Ray that a restaurant in San Bernardino, California, has ordered six of his machines. Thinking this must be an error, Ray calls the restaurant, where he is informed that the order of six machines was in error...and that they really want to order eight! Piqued by the call, Ray drives to San Bernardino, where he finds a small walk-up stand called McDonald's. Ray gets in line with a number of people, and is surprised at how fast his order is processed, the disposable food wrappings, as well as seeing a number of small families ordering from the stand. Ray next meets with the owners of the stand, Mac McDonald (John Carroll Lynch) and Dick McDonald (Nick Offerman). Mac eagerly shows Ray around the small stand, explaining the exacting standards they use to prepare items, as well as the custom-made serving tools to help them achieve their "Speedee Service System." Over dinner, the brothers explain their history to Ray. Originally coming to Hollywood to work in film, they eventually opened a movie theater, that was forced to close due to the Great Depression. They next opened a food stand in Monrovia, which was eventually moved to San Bernardino (where their current food stand is). Realizing that the bulk of their profits came from selling hamburgers, french fries, and milkshakes, the brothers focused on making these the only items their stand sells. Also, making it just a simple food stand, eliminated the loitering of teenagers as seen at drive-in restaurants, and the disposable food packaging cut down on dish and silverware costs. To figure out their "Speedee Delivery System," the brothers and a number of employees spent an afternoon at a tennis court, drawing chalk configurations on the courts to figure out the most efficient layout possible for the food preparation. All of this information fascinates Ray, and shortly afterwards, he proposes that the brothers franchise their restaurant. They both claim they tried this in several areas, but encountered problems maintaining quality standards beyond their own place. During the meeting, Ray notices a painting on the wall of an unusual building. Mac explains it was a design Dick had made up, and used in their Phoenix location. This sends Ray down to Phoenix where upon seeing the location and it's "golden arches," becomes obsessed with trying to get the brothers on board with his idea. Ray continues his attempts to sell his multimixers, but still meets with failure. Driving through a number of town, he takes note of churches and government buildings, and then comes at the McDonald brothers with a new angle: McDonald's restaurants can be a family-oriented place that means just as much to America as government and churches. Dick is still skeptical about the idea, but Mac convinces his brother to trust Ray, given that he promises to uphold the integrity of their restaurants. Soon, a contract is drawn up for the brothers and Ray, with a major stipulation being that no franchise decisions or changes can be made without the brothers' consent. Ray quickly signs the paperwork, and then gets to work putting in a McDonald's in Des Plaines, Illinois. Finding funding proves to be a tough task, and Ray eventually has to mortgage his home as leverage, but does not tell his wife Ethel (Laura Dern) about this. When the Des Plaines location opens, Ray takes great steps to make sure that the operations are carried out just as the brothers did in San Bernardino. However, he ends up butting heads with them when he attempts to get sponsorship dollars via Coca-Cola by putting their name on the menu boards. While Ray sees it as a great business idea, Dick McDonald claims they won't commercialize their eatery. Though Ray is excited about the new restaurant, his wife Ethel is still unsure about his latest business venture. The two end up going to a nearby country club, where during a conversation, Ray pitches the idea of McDonald's franchises to several men who quickly want to get in on the lucrative new business venture. However, Ray soon grows incensed at the new franchisees' lack of quality control, and attention to the menu standards (with one place even selling fried chicken!). Ray attempts to tell the franchisees to do better, but finding they don't seem to care about the franchise standards like he does, he cancels his and his wife's membership with the country club (much to her shock), and attempts to find other ways to get new franchisees. Taking his wife to a VFW potluck and hearing from some people there, Ray soon realizes where he can get new franchisees by appealing to the American working-class! Soon, even more franchises are popping up. Ray eventually goes to the opening of a McDonald's in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Later on that evening at a fancy restaurant, he speaks with several men, including Rollie Smith (Patrick Wilson) who has eyes on becoming a franchise owner too. As they speak, Ray can't keep his eyes off a woman playing a nearby piano, only for Rollie to inform him that this is Rollie's wife, Joan (Linda Cardellini). Even though she is taken, Ray seems to have taken a shine to Joan. Ray attempts to expand beyond the Midwest, but runs into money problems. The 1.4 percent of the profits he agreed to isn't enough to live on, and he calls the brothers hoping to renegotiate, but they refuse. Ray also finds out that the refrigeration costs of storing ice cream in the stores is eating into his profit margins, and his wife also learns that he has mortgaged their home, causing further tension between them. Ray eventually pays a visit to Joan and Rollie's franchise. Upon learning about Ray's issues with refrigeration, Joan proposes they use a powdered milk mix that is just like a real milkshake. Upon sampling the Inst-A-Mix, Ray eagerly proposes his cost-saving idea to Dick McDonald, but is once again refused. When Ray attempts to take out another loan to deal with his financial troubles, he ends up meeting a young man named Harry Sonnenborn (BJ Novak). Sonnenborn is allowed to look over the company's financials, and soon finds a solution to Ray's money woes: when it comes to franchises, Ray should buy the land where the McDonald's locations are going to be built. If he owns the land, this allows the franchise owners to lease the land from him, allowing him not only to have monthly rent payments coming in, but also having the land control makes the franchises more adherent to quality control standards! Sonnenborn's proposal works, and Ray soon changes his company's name to Franchise Realty Corporation. When Dick McDonald calls up about this, Ray claims FRC is separate from McDonald's, and does not fall under the terms of their contract. Ray also has the franchises soon using Inst-A-Mix for making milkshakes, leading to another upsetting call by Dick McDonald. Even though Dick claims they have a contract, Ray won't back down, claiming that like hearts, "contracts are meant to be broken." During this time, Ray's infatuation for Joan has been growing, leading him to eventually divorce his wife Ethel. In terms of a settlement, Ray is willing to give her the house, car, and their insurance policy, but wants everything having to do with McDonald's to remain in his name. Ray also begins to have lawyers look into renegotiating his contract with the McDonald brothers, no matter the cost. Ray's actions soon irritate the brothers further, when a letter arrives to them with an official letterhead reading The McDonald's Corporation, and Ray's name listed as President. The two call up Ray, with Mac getting the most vocal about what Ray has done, leading to Mac getting upset enough to go into a diabetic shock. After Mac is admitted to a hospital, Ray shows up with flowers and a letter, which contains a blank check...a symbol that shows Ray means to buy out the brothers' share in the company. Realizing they can't win in a fight with Ray, the brothers set their terms. They call for $2.7 million, ownership of the San Bernardino store, and one percent of the company's profits. While Ray is willing to sign off on almost everything, he claims that the one-percent deal will have to be carried out on a handshake basis, which the brothers agree to. Following the negotiations, Dick encounters Ray in the restroom, and asks the man who bought them out a question: given everything he found out about their company and how it was run, why didn't Ray just steal their idea and create his own restaurant? Ray claims that such an endeavor would have failed, and that when it came to what Dick and Mac had, it wasn't just the system in place that enticed him...but the name. To Ray, the name "McDonald's" sounded all-American, and appealing to the general public. The brothers are forced to remove their name from their place, soon re-branding it as "The Big M." In an epilogue, we learn the following: Ray Kroc eventually built a McDonald's in San Bernardino across from the McDonald Brothers' stand, where it's popularity soon forced Dick and Mac to close. Ray reneged on the handshake deal and the McDonald brothers never received a cent of the 1 percent they were promised, which would have been 200 million a year if it was upheld for each brother. Ray married Joan Smith and they remained together until his death. She donated 1.5 billion dollars to charity including the Red Cross. June Martino, who worked with Ray Kroc at the sales office, became the Corporate Secretary and part-owner of McDonalds Corporation. Fred Turner, who was employed in the Des Plaines McDonald's, became Senior Chairman of the company, and helped expand it globally. Harry Sonnenborn became the company's first President and CEO, but resigned in 1967 over a dispute with Ray Kroc. -Eventually, McDonald's would drop using instant powder, and use ice cream again for it's milkshakes. 
 Fargo (1996)761) Minnesota car salesman Jerry Lundegaard's inept crime falls apart due to his and his henchmen's bungling and the persistent police work of the quite pregnant Marge Gunderson. Jerry works in his father-in-law's car dealership and has gotten himself in financial problems. He tries various schemes to come up with money needed for a reason that is never really explained. It has to be assumed that his huge embezzlement of money from the dealership is about to be discovered by father-in-law. When all else falls through, plans he set in motion earlier for two men to kidnap his wife for ransom to be paid by her wealthy father (who doesn't seem to have the time of day for son-in-law). From the moment of the kidnapping, things go wrong and what was supposed to be a non-violent affair turns bloody with more blood added by the minute. Jerry is upset at the bloodshed, which turns loose a pregnant sheriff from Brainerd, MN who is tenacious in attempting to solve the three murders in her jurisdiction. Anonymous Jerry Lundegard is in an unknown financial jam and wants his father-in-law's money to solve it. His plan to get the money involves hiring Carl Showalter and Gaer Grimsrud to kidnap his wife, and then splitting the ransom with the criminals. However, this quickly falls apart after three killings and the persistent work of chirpy but efficient police chief, the pregnant Marge Gunderson. A car salesman in Minneapolis, MN, Jerry Lundegard hires two criminals to kidnap his wife. Her father is wealthy and Jerry needs the money. However, things don't go according to plan and soon three people are dead outside of Brainerd, MN. The 7-month pregnant Sheriff of Brainerd, Marge Gunderson is soon on the case, and she is very intuitive and resourceful. grantss Jerry Lundegaard is in a financial jam and, out of desperation, comes up with a plan to hire someone to kidnap his wife and demand ransom from her wealthy father, to be secretly split between Jerry and the perpetrators. Jerry, who is not the most astute of individuals, hires a couple of real losers from the frozen northern reaches of Fargo, North Dakota for the job. Then things begin to slip from bad to worse as Jerry helplessly watches on. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> Jerry hires two men to kidnap his wife so he can get his rich father in law to pay the ransom of $1 million. Once the ransom is paid the kidnappers will get $40,000 and Jerry gets the rest. That's the plan, but what happens is something totally different. Blood is shed when a cop and two innocent people are killed. Marge Gunderson is the Chief who investigates the murders. While Marge investigates, Jerry gets involved in deeper problems, ranging from financial troubles, to threats from the kidnappers. Lisa Walker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with a car towing a new tan Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera through a sub-freezing blizzard to a small inn in Fargo, North Dakota. It is 8:30 p.m. on a cold night in January 1987. When the driver goes inside, we see that it is Jerry Lundegaard ( William H. Macy ), and he uses the false name 'Jerry Anderson' to check in. He then goes to the inn's bar/restaurant to have a meeting with two men. Jerry has obviously never met them before. The short, bug-eyed, dark-haired, annoyed, talkative one, Carl Showalter ( Steve Buscemi ), tells him that Shep Proudfoot, a mutual acquaintance of theirs who set up the meeting, had said Jerry would be there at 7:30 rather than 8:30. The other man, a tall, blond Swede named Gaear Grimsrud ( Peter Stormare ), sits silently and smokes. They discuss the tan Ciera as part of a payment to them from Jerry, plus $40,000. Apparently, Jerry has hired the men to kidnap his wife in order to get a ransom from his wife's father. Jerry is a fast talker and doesn't want to say much about why he needs the money, but he reveals that his father-in-law is wealthy and that he plans on asking for $80,000 and keeping the other half for himself. Carl and Gaear accept the deal. The next day, Jerry returns to his home in Minneapolis, Minnesota where we see part of his impassive home life. Jerry awkwardly greets his laid-back, subservient wife Jean ( Kristin Rudrd ), but he becomes uncomfortable when he sees his father-in-law, Wade Gustafson ( Harve Presnell ), sitting on the couch watching a hockey game on TV, visiting that night for supper. They all eat dinner, and Jerry and Jean's young teenage son, Scotty ( Tony Denman ), leaves early to go to McDonald's. Jerry and Wade start to argue about this; that Jerry seems to spoil Scotty and allows him to do whatever he wants, plus Jerry does not inflict much discipline on his son. To get out of the conversation, Jerry changes the subject by bringing up a deal he had apparently suggested earlier to Wade, in which he's asking for a loan of $750,000 to build a 40-acre parking lot in Wayzata. Wade tells Jerry that his associate, Stan Grossman, usually looks at those kinds of deals before he does. Jerry nervously urges him to accept it, saying he and his family are in desperate need of money soon. Wade, who clearly appears to have a condescending attitude toward Jerry, tells him that Jean and Scotty will never have to worry about money. (Wade clearly omits Jerry's name). Another day later, Carl and Gaear are driving the Cutlass Ciera towards Minneapolis. Gaear tells Carl he wants to stop at "pancakes house", and Carl complains that they just had pancakes for breakfast. Gaear looks at him and tells him coldly they will stop at pancakes house. Carl agrees, somewhat reluctantly, they will stop for the night in Brainerd where they will get pancakes, and "get laid." Back in Minneapolis, Jerry is the executive sales manager at the car lot Wade owns, a job which fits Jerry's talkative, weaselly manner. He's arguing with a couple about the $500 "TruCoat" sealant on the couple's new $19,000 car, and now Jerry is clearly over-charging them for it when they had said they didn't want it. Jerry says he will talk to his manager about it, and leaves the room to have a conversation with another salesman about hockey tickets. He comes back and lies to the couple by stating that his manager has approved a $100 discount on the TruCoat, and the husband agrees but profanely accuses Jerry of being a liar. The story goes back briefly to a motel room at the Blue Ox, a motel in Brainerd that evening. Gaear and Carl are having enthusiastic sex with two women on separate beds in the same room. They watch 'The Tonight Show' with Johnny Carson on the TV afterwords. The next morning at the Lundegaards', Jean and Scotty are having an argument about his low grades in school. The phone rings, and it's Wade calling for Jerry. Wade tells him that Stan Grossman has looked at the parking lot deal and he says it's "pretty sweet." Jerry tries to restrain his excitement, as he apparently had thought Wade wouldn't want to go through with it. They schedule a meeting for 2:30 pm that afternoon. Jerry is optimistic about the future meeting with Wade, and is now considering calling off the kidnap/ransom plot. He makes his way to the dealership's large service garage to seek out a burly Native American mechanic, named Shep Proudfoot ( Steve Reevis ). A man of few words, Shep is apparently the middleman who set up Jerry's earlier meeting with Carl and Gaear. Surprisingly, Shep does not know who Carl is. He tells Jerry he'll only vouch for Grimsrud, not Carl. Regardless, Jerry tells him that's fine, but was just wondering if there was an alternate phone number to reach Carl and Gaear. Shep casually tells Jerry that he can't help him anymore, for he has no other means to get in contact with Gaear or Carl. Jerry is visibly nervous. In the next scene, Carl and Gaear are driving and the skyline of the Twin Cities is visible. Carl chats mindlessly to Gaear and asks him if he's ever been to the Twin Cities, to which Gaear responds with a short "nope." Carl goes on about how that's the most Gaear has said all day. He asks Gaear how much he'd like it if he stopped talking. Meanwhile, Jerry is sitting in his office at the car dealership talking on the phone. On the other end is a man named Reilly Diefenbach (voice of Warren Keith) from the banking loan company GMAC who tells Jerry that he can't read the serial numbers of a list of vehicles on a financing document Jerry sent by fax some time ago. Jerry is elusive, telling him there's no problem since the loans are in place already. The man tells him 'yes', and that Jerry got $320,000 last month from the insurance loans for the new set of cars sold, but there's an audit on the loan and that if Jerry cannot supply the serial numbers of the cars as proof of the sales to prove that the vehicles exist, GMAC will have to recall all of that money. Jerry clearly tries to get the man off the phone as quickly as he can while still being vague about the particulars. Jerry tells him that he'll fax him another copy. The man tells him a fax copy is no good, because he can't read the serial numbers of the cars from the fax he already has. Jerry tells him he'll send him another one as soon as possible and then hangs up. (Note: It is highly implied at this point that Jerry is secretly embezzling money from the car dealership bank accounts either for personal use or to pay off more anonymous debts. So, in order to cover up his crime, he replaced the money he stole by sending fake sales documents to acquire a $320,000 insurance loan from GMAC for a new batch of cars that he sold... cars which apparently don't exist, thus in some part explains why Jerry needs $320,000 to pay back GMAC when they come to recall their loan.) At the Lundegaards' house, at about the same time Jerry is on the phone, Jean sits alone watching a morning TV show. She hears a noise and looks up at the sliding-glass door in the back just as Carl comes up the steps to the back deck, wearing a ski mask and holding a crowbar. He peers through the window as if looking for someone, steps back, and smashes the glass door with the bar. Jean screams and tries to run for the front door, but Gaear suddenly barges in through the front door, also wearing a ski mask. He grabs her wrist and she bites his hand. She runs up the stairs as Carl enters. Gaear lifts up his mask, looks at the bite, and tells Carl he needs unguent. Jean takes a phone into the second floor bathroom and locks herself in, trying desperately to call 911. The cord is under the door. Carl and Gaear yank the phone out of her hands before she can finish dialing. The door frame starts to break as Carl uses the crowbar to get through. Sobbing hysterically, she frantically tries to pry the screen off the second-story window to escape before the men get in. The door busts open, and the two men stand there looking at an empty bathroom, the window open. Carl runs to go outside to look for her, and Gaear raids the medicine cabinet for some salve. As he is about to put it on his hand, he looks up into the mirror and sees the shower curtain drawn on the tub. He pauses for a moment and realizes where Jean is. Jean, hiding in the tub, begins thrashing and screaming and takes off, blindly hurtling through the bathroom and down the hall. She runs screaming, trying to throw off the curtain, and she trips and falls down the flight of stairs and lands hard at the bottom. Gaear calmly follows her down the stairs and nudges her body to see if she is alive. At the 2:30 p.m. business meeting, Stan Grossman ( Larry Brandenburg ) and Wade tell Jerry that the deal is looking good. They ask him what kind of finder's fee he is looking for. Jerry seems confused and tells Stan and Wade that they would be lending all the money to him to proceed with building the parking lot. They explain that while Jerry will get a finder's fee of around 10% of the $750,000, Wade and Stan will oversee the rest of the development of the parking lot with the rest of the money. Jerry (realizing that $75,000 is nowhere near what he needs to pay back his massive debit to GMAC), tries to convince them to give him all of the $750,000 so Jerry can invest it himself... with neither Wade nor Stan overseeing his work. Stan tells Jerry they thought his asking for $750,000 was merely an investment he brought to them, and states that they are not a bank. Jerry insists that Wade and Stan give him all of the 750 grand and he will pay them back the principal and interest when the deal starts paying, but Wade and Stan insist on running the deal themselves. Jerry desperately guarantees them their money back if they let Jerry run the deal and let him have all the money, but both Wade and Stan say they are not interested and that they would like to move on the deal independently. Jerry goes out to his car alone and vents his rage and frustration with the ice scraper on his frozen windshield. Jerry walks into his house later that day. He surveys his empty house, where there are obvious signs of a struggle during the kidnapping. He practices the fake desperate and sad phone call he will make to her father. Later that night, Carl and Gaear are driving with the sobbing Jean, now covered with a blanket in the back seat of the car. They pass a huge statue of Paul Bunyan and the welcome sign for Brainerd. Gaear, smoking and looking out the window as usual, is annoyed by Jean's whimpering and tells her to shut up or he'll throw her in the trunk. "Geez, that's more than I've heard you say all week," Carl tells him. Gaear gives him a hard, cold stare and turns away. It is then that a Minnesota State Police cruiser behind them flips on its lights and pulls them over. Carl realizes they're being stopped because he failed to put temporary vehicle registration tags on the car, and he tells Gaear he'll take care of it. He tells Jean to keep quiet or they'll shoot her. Gaear stares at him expressionlessly. The trooper approaches Carl's window and asks for a driver's license and registration. Carl gives the trooper his driver's license, but does not have the car's vehicle registration or insurance. He then tries unsuccessfully to coolly bribe the trooper, who tells him to step out of the car. Nervously, Carl hesitates, and Jean makes a noise in the back seat. The trooper points his flashlight at Jean. Quickly, Gaear reaches across Carl, grabs the trooper's hair, slams his head onto the door, pulls a pistol from the glove box, and shoots him in the head, blowing his brains out. Carl sits stunned, the trooper's blood having splattered across his face, and an angry Gaear tells him to ditch the body. As Carl lifts the dead trooper by the arms, a pair of headlights starts towards them down the highway. He freezes in the lights, holding the obviously dead man in his arms by the police car. The two people in the car stare as they pass. Gaear quickly climbs into the driver's seat and takes off after the other car. He is briefly puzzled when its tail lights vanish in the dark, but quickly spots the car turned over in the snow on the roadside. Gaear stops and jumps out of the car. The driver is limping and trying to run across the snowy field. Gaear fires once, striking the man in the back. He falls face-first and dies. Gaear then walks over to the upside down car and looks inside, where a young woman is lying awkwardly in her upside-down seat. He leans back, aims his pistol, and the screen cuts to black as he shoots her. A little later, the phone rings at the home of a sleeping couple, Brainerd police chief Marge Gunderson ( Frances McDormand ) and her husband Norm ( John Carroll Lynch ). As she gets out of bed we see she is very pregnant. Norm makes her some breakfast before she goes out to the scene of the shooting. That morning, Marge arrives at the scene of the overturned car driven by the collateral shooting victims. Marge is observant and quick-working, and she determines from the size of the footprints that the shooter was a heavyset individual. She surmises the events we've already seen - the trooper pulled over a motorist for a traffic violation, said motorist shot him. The second car came driving past, and the shooter, realizing they'd seen him, chased them down and shot them. Marge then looks at the trooper's unit, parked several hundred yards up the road and sees a set of smaller prints by the trooper's body, lying in the snow by the roadside. Here, Marge deduces that a second, smaller man was involved. From the fact that the trooper's car's lights were turned off, Marge deduces that the accomplice was warming up in the cruiser while the heavy person was chasing down the two witnesses. As Marge and the other officer, Lou (Bruce Bohne), drive away, Lou notes that the trooper's notebook was lying on the floor of his car, which the killers apparently overlooked, and they find their first clue: the officer had partially filled out a ticket at 2:18 am for a tan Cutlass Ciera with a license plate number starting with DLR. Marge realizes that this is not the beginning of a license plate number, but an abbreviation of the word "dealer" which is an indication that the car was stopped because it had dealer plates that hadn't been changed yet. At a restaurant in Minneapolis, Jerry, Wade, and Stan Grossman sit and discuss Jean's kidnapping. Jerry tells them that the kidnappers called him and expressly told him not to call the cops. Wade is angry and insists on calling the police. As a surprise to Jerry, Stan sides with Jerry and says they should not call the police or negotiate with the kidnappers and that they should give them the ransom. Jerry tells Wade the men asked for one million dollars (obviously planning to give Carl and Gaear their $40,000 and to keep the rest for himself to pay off his debits). Jerry also says he needs the money ready by tomorrow. Stan offers to stay with Jerry and wait for a phone call from the kidnappers, but Jerry tells him the men said they'd deal only with him. Stan asks Jerry if Scotty will be okay. It seems to suddenly dawn on Jerry that this will affect his son, and he seems visibly upset or at least surprised that he had never thought about his scheme affecting Scotty before. At home, Jerry tells Scotty about the kidnapping, and the boy cries and asks if Jean will be okay. Jerry nods and doesn't offer much comfort. He tells the boy that if anyone calls for Jean, he should just say she is visiting relatives in Florida. That afternoon, Carl and Gaear pull up to a cabin by a lake, and Gaear opens the back door to guide Jean inside. She is hooded and tied at the wrists. Jean squeals and tries to run away; Gaear reaches to catch her, but Carl stops him and watches her running blindly in the snow, laughing hysterically. She falls, and Carl laughs hysterically. Gaear, staring expressionlessly, goes to get her. Downtown in Brainerd, Marge goes to the police station to eat lunch, and her husband Norm is waiting there for her with food from Arby's. As they eat, Lou pokes his head into Marge's office and tells her that the night before the shootings, two men checked into the Blue Ox Motel with a tan Ciera with dealer plates; apparently, "they had company." Marge goes to a bar to interview the two women who Carl hired to have sex with him and Gaear in the motel. The two ditsy women, whom work as strippers at the bar during the evening hours, are not very helpful in describing the two men. The first one describes Carl, the "little fella," as funny-looking, and the other describes Gaear, the "big fella", as an older man who didn't talk much but smoked a lot. The women tell Marge that the men told them that they were headed to the Twin Cities. In the cabin, Carl is banging the top of the staticky TV, cursing at it. Jean is tied to a chair, the hood covering her head and her cold breath steaming through the fabric. Gaear sits with the same emotionless expression, watching silently as Carl screams and bangs on the TV, trying to improve the reception. Late at night at the Gundersons' house, they turn off the TV to go to sleep. The phone rings for Marge, and it's Mike Yanagita ( Steve Park ) calling; apparently an old acquaintance of hers from high school, he tells her that he's in the Twin Cities and that he saw her on the news in the story about the triple homicide in Brainerd. Marge makes brief but polite conversation as the man chatters. The next morning, Jerry is half-heartedly selling a car as he gets a phone call from Carl in his office. Carl tells him that he will be arriving tomorrow to pick up the ransom, but demands more money so he and Gaear can leave the country because of the shootings. He demands the entire ransom of $80,000, unaware that Jerry told Wade the ransom is $1 million. As soon as Carl hangs up, Jerry gets another phone call from the man at GMAC, telling him he never received the serial numbers for the vehicles in the mail as Jerry told him the previous day. Jerry, again being elusive about the subject, maintains that the documents are still in the mail. The man at GMAC sternly tells Jerry that he will refer the matter of the accounting irregularities to the company's legal department if he doesn't get the VIN numbers of the vehicles by the close of business the very next day. After the man at GMAC hangs up, Jerry flies into a rage as he realizes that his control over the situation is fading fast. In Brainerd, Marge and Norm sit in a buffet restaurant eating lunch together. An officer comes in with some papers, and tells Marge he found phone numbers from two phone calls that were made that night from the room at Blue Ox Motel where the killers stayed, both to Minneapolis. The first one was to a trucking company, and another to the residence of Shep Proudfoot. Marge tells the officer and Norm that she'll take a drive down to Minneapolis to investigate. At night at the Lundegaards' house, Jerry, Wade, and Stan are sitting around the kitchen table. Wade is telling Jerry he wants to deliver the $1 million himself to the kidnapper, and Jerry is upset, saying that they wanted to deal only with him. Wade (clearly distrustful of Jerry) says that if he can't deliver it, he'll go to the authorities. The next day, Carl leaves Gaear behind at the lakeside cabin to look after Jean, while he drives alone to Minneapolis to pick up the ransom money. Carl first drives to the Minneapolis airport. He drives the tan Ciera up to the roof of the parking garage and steals a Minnesota license plate off another snow-covered car so he can replace the dealer tags (to prevent him from being pulled over by the police again). At the exit booth of the garage, he tells the attendant that he has decided not to park there and that he doesn't want to pay. The friendly man explains that there's a flat four dollar fee. Carl doesn't want to pay, but the polite parking attendant insists that he pay. Carl gets upset and insults him by saying: "I guess you think, you know, you're an authority figure, with that stupid fucking uniform. Huh, buddy?" he sneers. However, he gives him the money anyway and drives off. At the dealership garage, Jerry goes to talk to Shep only to find Marge questioning him. Marge is questioning Shep about the phone call made to him from the Blue Ox Motel a few nights ago by one of the suspects of the three murders in her town. Shep claims that he doesn't remember receiving any phone call. She reminds him that he has a criminal record and currently is on parole, though nothing in his record suggests him capable of homicide, so if he had been talking to criminals and became an accessory to the Brainerd murders, that would land him back in prison. She then asks him cheerfully if he might remember anything now. Marge then goes to visit with Jerry in his office. He is clearly antsy as he nervously doodles on a notepad. She tells him that she is investigating three murders in her upstate town of Brainerd and asks him if there has been a tan Cutlass Ciera stolen from the lot lately, but he dances anxiously around her question by changing the subject. He eventually tells her there haven't been any stolen vehicles, and she leaves. When he sees Marge leave, Jerry pick up his office phone and tries to call Shep in the garage, but another mechanic tells Jerry that Shep has just left; he just walked out after talking with Marge. That evening, Marge goes to eat dinner at the Radisson Hotel restaurant; she apparently has spoken to Mike Yanagita, the man who called her late at night, and he meets her there. He is chatty and a little odd, and he is obviously and awkwardly trying to hit on her. He tries to change seats so as to sit next to her in the booth, but she politely tells him to sit back across from her, saying, "Just so I can see ya, ya know. Don't have to turn my neck." He apologizes awkwardly and clumsily launches into a story about his wife, whom he and Marge both knew from school but has since died of leukemia. He starts to cry, telling Marge he always liked her a lot. She comforts him politely. In the celebrity room at another hotel, Carl sits at a table with another prostitute. He hits on her awkwardly as they watch Jose Feliciano on a small stage. Later in the prostitute's seedy apartment, they are having sex. Suddenly, she is flung off from on top of him by Shep, who has somehow tracked Carl down and is furious at Carl for nearly getting him in trouble with Marge. He kicks the escort in the rear as she runs screaming and naked down the hall. Shep beats up a tenant that appears in the hall asking about the noise. Shep goes back into the apartment and beats up Carl, first punching him and then throwing him across the room and hitting him viciously with his belt. Sometime later, Carl, cut up and bruised from the beating, calls Jerry at his house. He is humiliated and extremely agitated. He tells Jerry to bring the ransom money to the Radisson Hotel parking garage roof in 30 minutes or he'll kill him and his family. Wade, listening on the other line in the house, immediately leaves with the briefcase full of the million dollars. Jerry almost asks Wade if he could come along, but being afraid of his antagonistic father-in-law, he chooses to say nothing. As he drives, Wade reveals he has brought a gun in his jacket and practices what he will say to the kidnapper. Jerry leaves soon after him to see what will happen. On the roof of the parking garage, Carl sits waiting in his idling Ciera as Wade pulls up. Carl demands to know where Jerry is, and Wade demands to see Jean. Carl demands that Wade give him the briefcase with the money in it, but Wade refuses unless he sees his daughter Jean. Surprised and angry by Wade's demands, Carl shoots Wade in the stomach without hesitating and goes to snatch the briefcase from his hands. Wade shoots Carl in the face as he leans over. Carl reels back and grabs his wounded right jaw after being gazed by the bullet. He quickly lethally shoots Wade multiple times. Clutching his bleeding jaw while screaming in agonizing pain, Carl grabs the briefcase, gets into his car, and drives away. As he speeds through the garage, he passes Jerry. Both of them take a quick notice of each other, but Carl continues driving on. He drives up to the garage attendant and, holding his bloody jaw, tells the man to open the gate. At the same time, Jerry continues up to the roof and finds Wade lying there, shot dead. Jerry casually pops open his car trunk (to put his father-in-law in the trunk of his car). As Jerry leaves the garage with Wade in his trunk, he sees that Carl has killed the attendant with a bullet to the head and smashed through the exit gate, breaking it off. A distraught Jerry goes home, and Scotty tells him Stan Grossman called for him. Jerry tells Scotty everything went fine, and he goes to bed without calling Stan back. In Brainerd the next morning, Officer Gerry Olson (Cliff Rakerd), one of Marge's deputies, stops by the house of a chatty older man, named Mr. Mohra (Bain Boehlke), who is shoveling snow off his driveway. The man had apparently reported an incident at his bar, and he tells Olson that a few days ago "a little funny-looking man" (obviously Carl) asked him where he could "get some action in the area" (hookers). When he refused, Carl had threatened the man and stupidly bragged about killing someone. He also says that Carl mentioned that he was staying out near a lake. The bar had been near Moose Lake, he tells the officer, so he believes that that is the place Carl was talking about. Officer Olson politely thanks the neighbor for the tip and leaves. Meanwhile, Carl is stopped on the side of a snowy road, a bloody rag pressed against his wounded jaw. He looks inside the briefcase and is astounded at how much is inside; he had expected $80,000 and instead got the million that Jerry had been planning to keep mostly for himself. After thinking for a minute, Carl takes out the $80,000 that Gaear apparently would still be expecting and throws it in the backseat. He closes the case, fixes his rag, and takes it out into the snow beside a fence. He looks right and left, seeing only fence and snow, and he buries the money. Carl sticks an ice scraper into the snow on top as the only marker besides the bloodied snow he'd dug aside (presumably to come back later for the rest of it), and he drives away. In Minneapolis, Marge sits next to her packed luggage in her hotel room talking on the phone to a female friend. She tells the friend that she saw Mike and that he was upset from his wife's death. The woman tells Marge that Mike never married that woman, that he had been bothering her for some time and that she is still alive. She tells Marge that Mike has been having life-long psychiatric problems and he has been living in an insane asylum for a few years now and that he is now living with his parents. Marge then checks out of the hotel, buys a breakfast sandwich from a Hardees restaurant, and silently ponders her next move and she contends driving back to Brainerd having gotten nowhere with her investigation. But then a thought pops into her head as she remembers something. Marge then goes to visit Jerry at the car dealership, obviously having picked up something from his nervous and elusive behavior on her first visit the day before. He sits in his office writing out a new sales form for GMAC, making sure the serial numbers for the non-existent vehicles are again smudged and illegible. He is irritated by her visit. He tries to get her out, but polite and insistent as usual, Marge tells him that the tan Ciera she's investigating had dealer plates and that someone who works at the dealership got a phone call from the perpetrators, which is too much of a coincidence. She asks if he's done a lot count recently, and rather than answer, Jerry yells at her by saying that the car is not from that lot. In a serious tone, Marge tells Jerry not to get snippy with her. Jerry tells her he is cooperating, but it's obvious to us that he is now clearly insane at realizing the depth of the mess he has created and how miserably all his assorted schemes have failed. He jumps up, puts on his hat and coat, and tells her he'll go inventory the lot right now. Marge waits at the desk, looking at his picture of Jean and at the GMAC loan form on his desk. From the window she sees him driving out of the lot. She hurriedly calls the Minneapolis state police from Jerry's desk phone. At the cabin, Gaear sits in his long johns eating a TV dinner as he watches a soap opera on the fuzzy television. Carl comes in with his bloodied face and the $80,000 he took from the briefcase before he buried it. Gaear looks unfazed by Carl's extensive wound. Carl asks what happened to Jean, who is lying on the kitchen floor motionless, still tied to the chair; there is blood on the stove behind her. Gaear tells Carl she started screaming and wouldn't stop. Carl shows him the money, takes his $40,000, and tells him he's keeping the Ciera and that Gaear can have his old truck and they must part ways. Gaear tells him they'll split the car. "How do you split a fuckin' car, ya dummy?! With a fuckin' chainsaw?" Carl spits at him, his words slurred from his jaw wound. Gaear tells him one will pay the other for half, so Carl must pay half for the value of the car from his share money so he can take the car for himself. Carl refuses and screams that he got shot in the face and makes an implied threat that he will keep the Ciera as extra compensation. Carl storms out of the front door to the car to drive away. Seconds later, Gaear comes running out behind him wielding an ax. As Carl turns around, Gaear raises the ax and the scene cuts to black as the blade lands in Carl's neck. A little later, Marge is driving along an isolated road talking on the CB radio to Lou. They are discussing Jean's kidnapping; that a Minneapolis police detective learned from Stan and Jean's son Scotty, and the fact that her father, Wade, is missing. She tells Lou she is driving around Moose Lake, following the tip from the loudmouth bar owner Mr. Mohra. Their conversation reveals that the news has gotten word out on the wire for the public to keep an eye out for Jerry and Wade. She suddenly spots the tan Ciera parked in front of the cabin. Lou tells her he will send her back-up. When she gets out, she hears the loud roar of the motor of a power tool in the distance. She makes her way around the house towards the noise behind the cabin, and sees Gaear pushing Carl's dismembered foot down into a wood-chipper, having chopped up his dead body and disposing of it. There is a huge puddle of blood and the rest of Carl's body in the snow. Gaear works at getting the rest of Carl into the chipper, using a small log to push it down. Marge pulls her gun and yells at him to put his hands up, but he doesn't hear over the machine. She yells again, and he turns around to see her. She points to the police crest on her hat, aiming her gun at him. He turns quickly, hurls the log at her, and takes off across the frozen lake behind the cabin. The log glances her leg, and she fires after him twice as he flees. One shot hits him in the back of his thigh. He falls in the snow, and she arrests him. Marge drives away with Gaear handcuffed in the backseat. "So that was Mrs. Lundegaard in there?" she asks, looking at him in the rear view mirror. He looks expressionlessly out the window. "I guess that was your accomplice in the wood-chipper. And those three people in Brainerd..." He does not react; she is talking mostly to herself. She tells him there is more to life than a little bit of money. "Don't you know that?" she asks. She pulls over to the side of the road as a fleet of cruisers and an ambulance drive toward them on their way to the cabin. "And here you are. And it's a beautiful day." Two days later, at a motel outside of Bismarck, North Dakota, two state policemen bang on a room door asking for a Mr. Anderson. The voice inside, Jerry's, tells them he'll be there in a sec. The owner unlocks the door, and Jerry is seen trying to escape out the bathroom window, wearing only a T-shirt and boxers. He screams and flails wildly and insanely as the police arrest him. That night at the Gundersons', Marge climbs into bed next to Norm. He tells her the mallard he painted for a stamp contest has been chosen to be on the three cent stamp, but another man he knows got the twenty-nine cent. Marge tells him she's proud of him and that people use the three cent stamp all the time. Norm rests his hand on her pregnant belly and says, "Two more months." She smiles and rests her hand on his, and repeats, "Two more months." 