nm0007806:

 Hatya (1988)55) After the passing away of his wife, Sheila, and child, Raja, Sagar takes to drinking as well as singing and dancing at weddings and special occasions. Intoxicated heavily after one such event, he comes across a young male child lying in a garbage can, and takes him home. He subsequently comes to know that the child, who he decides to name Raja, is deaf-mute since birth, and decides to adopt him. Sagar's life will be turned upside down when a wealthy businessman, Kailash Nath, files a police complaint alleging that Raja is his grandson, and Sagar may have abducted and killed Raja's mom. Tortured and held in a cell, Sagar does not know that Raja's life is in danger by killer(s) who believe Raja saw them commit a murder. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) To overcome the grieve of his wife, Sheila and child Raja death; Sagar abuses alcohol to keeps himself intoxicated. His life takes a turn when he is forced to adopt a male child found in a garbage can. He provided the child with a name, Raja and gets to find out that Raja is dumb from birth. A series of incidents takes place - all blaming Sagar for not only abducting the child but is accused of murdering the child's mother, is arrested, tortured and subsequently imprisoned - leaving the stage clear for the real criminals to get rid of the child as they had with his mother as he is a witness in a murder case. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Sagar has taken up to to drinking a lot after the sudden death of his wife and kid.He dances and sings at a restaurant .One day he finds an abandon kid on the road and takes him along and names him Raja.Sagar cant find much from his about his family as he is deaf and dumb.Sagar decides to give up drinking for sake of Raja and takes care of him.What Sagar doesn't know is Raja has seen his mother being killed by Surendra Mohan and his men Ranjit for witnessing a murder and are also behind Raja to kill him. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Sagar a rich loafer, after a night of drinking, finds a boy sleeping in a trash pile. Finding no parents for the child, he takes the boy home and cares for it as his own. Meanwhile he meets Neelam, who loves him and Raja. When he learns that the boy is a deaf-mute, he feels pity and teaches the boy simple words, naming the boy Raja. Later when he learns that the boy's mother has been murdered, the police pin Sagar as the suspect. Can his girlfriend prove his innocence? Omar Sagar lost senses in alcoholic condition he meets a deaf and dumb boy and takes him home. He names him Raja as he does not know his real name. He tries to get information out of him but does not understand anything. Raja's mother has been brutally murdered. Sagar takes Raja out to fairs and adventures and Raja sees the secretary and tries to tell Sagar that he is the one who murdered his mother. Slowly Sagar understands the tale of the story. He meets a girl Neelam and becomes friends. She takes them to her house. Raja sees a picture of Neelam her father and shockingly his mother. Sagar wants to unfold the mystery of Raja's incident. He finds out that Raja's mother has been murdered. As he is looking for clues, he gets arrested. To prove his innocence the boy takes them to his house where there was a happy family. They take a sense dog to find out clues. The dog sniffs the floor outside the house. the men dug it and found a piece of cloth which his mother was wrapped in and buried there. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sanam Teri Kasam (1982)Summaries A rich man's past comes knocking when he is informed that one of his employees is his long lost son. He does not know that he's being cheated and that his real son is the one who loves his niece. Ramlal is accused of murder by a smuggler Wilson to save his life he elopes from the city leaving behind wife and son Sunil (Sunny).In the train he meets a dying man who asks him to take care of his daughter Nisha and his property.Years later Sunny makes his living by dancing and singing in hotel while Ramlal lives a wealthy life with Nisha in Shimla as Manoharilal w .Nisha and Sunny meet in Mumbai and have a tiff with each other leading to differences when Sunny and Nisha meet in Shimla they again have a tiff. Coincidentally Sunny has got job at Manoharilal's place and asks Nisha not to tell him about their differences they both get closer and fall in love.But Wilson finds that Ramlal is alive and asks his son Robinson to pose as Sunil son of Ramlal and woo Nisha to marry him. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Sunil and his father, Wilson, con a rich man into believing that Sunil is his long lost son. Only the mother, who is also separated from her husband, the rich man, can identify who her son is. Notable songs: "Jitne bhi to kar le situm, hahs hahs ke sanghenge hum, yeh pyar na hoga kum, sanam teri kasam..."; "Shishey ke gharon me dekho to pathar dilwale basthe hai, jo pyar ko khel samajthe hain, aur todh ke dil ko hastein hain...". rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ramanujan (2014)Summaries 'Ramanujan' is a historical biopic set in early 20th century British India and England, and revolves around the life and times of the mathematical prodigy, Srinivasa Ramanujan. Directed by the award-winning filmmaker Gnana Rajasekaran and with an international cast and crew, 'Ramanujan' is a cross-border venture. Considered one of the most romantic stories in the history of mathematics, Ramanujan, a college dropout from a poor family in South India, made extraordinary mathematical discoveries in isolation. He wrote a strange letter filled with theorems and formulas to Prof. Hardy of Trinity College, Cambridge, who immediately identified his genius and invited him to England to conduct further research. 'Ramanujan' chronicles the genius' journey across continents and cultures in search of recognition. Chronicles one man's struggle towards greatness through a challenging journey from the temple towns of India across the oceans in search of his destiny. Through sheer perseverance and unshakable belief, poverty-stricken Ramanujan went on to became a Fellow at Trinity College, Cambridge and a Fellow of the prestigious Royal Society at London. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Khiladi (1992)Summaries Two friends wage bets for money and fun. There comes a time where they race to win the biggest bet, for they know that their lives depend on it. Four friends Raj Malhotra, Boney, Neelam Chaudhary and Sheetal decide to play a practical joke on Sheetal's dad Kailash Nath. They telephone Kailash and tell him that his daughter has been kidnapped and demand a ransom of Rs. 200,000. Things seem to go according to plan until the police headed by Raj's elder brother Suresh Malhotra have been informed by Nath's servant. They manage to elude the police only to return and find that Sheetal has been stabbed to death with all the evidence pointing towards them. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Raj, Boney, Neelam and Sheetal are college friends, Raj and Boney always bet with each other and Raj wins it all the time, one day Raj and Boney bet with Neelam and Sheetal that they would prank on Sheetal's father Kailashnath that she is being kidnapped and would ask for money in return. Kailashnath panics due to safety of his daughter and pays them the money, Raj and Boney give good news to Neelam but when they go inside the house to share good news with Sheetal they find that Sheetal is brutally murdered by someone. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 