nm0010035:

 Police Call 110 (1971 )Summaries Alexander Bukow is a cop who doesn't mind working at the edge of the law to get results. His straight-laced partner, Katrin Koenig, is a control freak whose life is the job. Together, they're a great crime-fighting team - when they're not fighting each other. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Constable Zumbhl (1994)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bride of the Orient (1989)Summaries After the death of his mother, farmer Windleter feels very lonely on his small mountain farm in Switzerland. Chances to find a wife in the small village are nil - a life with him would mean hard work seven days a week. So he finally "orders" a young woman from Thailand, who grew up on a farm herself, and marries her right away, although she doesn't speak a word of German. Slowly they start to grow together - but his village neighbors won't accept her and treat her like a dirty whore. Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 JJ Star... How Embarrassing (2012)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 