nm0003353:

 The Bronx Bull (2016)Summaries Based on the tumultuous real-life experiences of legendary boxing champion Jake LaMotta, THE BRONX BULL chronicles his rise as a world-class boxer and his struggles with life outside of the ring, offering an unflinchingly honest look into the heart of a champion. Based on the tumultuous real-life experiences of legendary boxing champion Jake LaMotta, THE BRONX BULL chronicles his rise as a world-class boxer and his struggles with life outside of the ring, offering an unflinchingly honest look into the heart of a champion. Momentum Pictures It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Adventures of Sebastian Cole (1998)Summaries In June, 1983, in Dutchess County, New York, Sebastian Cole joins his mother, step-father, and sister for dinner. Hank, Sebastian's step-father, drops a bomb: he announces he's changing sexes. Sebastian's sister splits immediately for California, and his mother takes him back to England. Jump ahead eight months, Sebastian is back in New York, knocking on Hank's door. Hank (now Henrietta, although all the surgeries aren't complete) takes Sebastian in and is his rock over the next few months of high school. Sebastian's "adventures" are mostly self-destructive. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mixology (20132014)211) Chronicles the exploits of singles, five guys and five girls, in search of love all over the course of one night. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. One bar. One night. Ten single people. Welcome to Mix, a high-end bar in Manhattan's trendy meat-packing district and the backdrop for a sexy new highconcept comedy from the writers of THE HANGOVER. Recently dumped by his fianc, Tom (Blake Lee) hasn't been out on the town in a decade. His best friends, handsome and confident Cal (Craig Frank) and fasttalking Bruce (Andrew Santino), are throwing Tom back into the dating pool whether he likes it or not. Tom's first encounter is with Maya (Mercedes Masohn), an attorney who's as beautiful as she is brutal. Before long, Tom is in tears. After that, it only gets worse. Rounding out Mix's chic crowd is Maya's engaged-for-now friend Liv (Kate Simses); aggressive single mom Jessica; her younger, naive sister Janey; bubbly cocktail waitress Kacey (Vanessa Lengies); dark, mysterious bartender Dominic; and failed internet entrepreneur Ron (Adam Campbell), who's drunk and having the worst night of his life. Each episode will highlight two characters meeting for the first time. The pilot focuses on Tom meeting Maya, but across the course of this one night - and the entire season - each of our five guys will meet each of our five girls. Will they find love? Will they find a warm bed for the night? Will they find a cold drink in their face? All questions will be answered by the season finale of this highly intoxicating new comedy. Executive produced by Ryan Seacrest & Nina Wass, written by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore (THE HANGOVER, 21 AND OVER), and directed by Larry Charles (SEINFELD, ENTOURAGE, BORAT). 
 Shortcut to Happiness (2003)431) A down-and-out writer sells his soul to the Devil in exchange for fame and fortune. In Manhattan, ambitious writer Jabez Stone (Producer and Director Alec Baldwin) is a complete loser. He is not able to sell his novels, he lives in an awful apartment and he does not have success with women. When one of his friends, Julius Jensen (Dan Aykroyd), sells his novel for one hundred ninety thousand dollars to an editor, Jabez feels envious and promises to sell his soul to the devil for success and accidentally kills a woman with his typing machine. The Devil (Jennifer Love Hewitt) knocks on his door, fixes the situation, and seals a contract with Jabez. His low quality novels have bad reviews but become best-sellers; Jabez enriches; has success with women, but has no time for his friends. Jabez meets with publisher Daniel Webster (Sir Anthony Hopkins) who offers him a chance to break the contract with the devil. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the literary world, Jabez Stone (Alec Baldwin) is a down-and-out writer trying to make the big time in New York City. Saddened, he has no luck with women, and his best friend Julius (Dan Aykroyd) has just gloated to him that he sold his novel to Webster books. Jealous of Julius, and with is long string of bad luck, he promises to sell his soul to the devil in exchange for success. The Devil (Jennifer Love Hewitt) immediately fixes everything and he becomes famous, has success with women, and a career that fulfills his wildest dreams. With the help of Constance Hurry (Kim Cattrall), Jabez is on the fast track to the top. However, the view from the top isn't as good as what he thought it would be. Time is running out fast on his ten-year contract for his soul. Having realized his mistake, Jabez must enlist the help of Daniel Webster (Sir Anthony Hopkins), who offers him a chance to break the contract with the devil and try to save his mortal soul. Third Millenium Entertainment [au] Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jabez Stone (Alec Baldwin) is a desperate, down on his luck writer who reaches rock bottom when his close friend, Julius Jensen (Dan Aykroyd), finds success. Thwarted in his attempts to get his work published, he meets a beautiful stranger (Jennifer Love Hewitt) who offers him a chance at fame and fortune in exchange for his soul. Stone, having lost faith in himself, agrees to the offer. After accepting the deal Jabez is quickly lavished with all he had ever dreamed of. A book deal, money, women, notoriety, Stone now had it all. However, despite the success, he is losing the friendship, respect and trust of those around him. Coming to the realization that he didn't quite get everything he bargained for, Stone begs the Devil to release him from their deal. When the Devil scoffs he turns to famed orator Daniel Webster (Anthony Hopkins). The two conclude that they should take the battle to court with Webster defending Stone in an otherworldly trial against the Devil in the ultimate battle of wits in a fight over the fate of Stone's soul. 