nm0010674:

 Jackals (1986)Summaries Cops in a small town near the Mexican border find themselves caught up in a scheme that smuggles illegal aliens into the country. While hunting with his old partner, a former cop witnesses the murder of an illegal immigrant in the Arizona desert. After realizing the killer was an off-duty police officer, they investigate and discover he is leading a human smuggling ring. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Simon & Simon (19811989)Summaries Two brothers of disparate tastes and manners run a private detective agency. A.J. Simon is a polished fellow with a taste for classic cars and tailored suits. Rick Simon is his less refined (but still pleasant) older brother who has a taste for cowboy boots and four-wheel drive pickups. The two of them live in San Diego, where they own a private detective agency. The series chronicles their exploits. Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> A.J. and Rick Simon are brothers and private investigators but are as different as night and day. A.J.'s went to law school, while Rick's a Vietnam vet, who knows a lot of people on the other side of the law, which comes handy in their line of work. While A.J. likes to do things by the book, Rick likes to do things his way. In the show's first season, their office was in front of the office of Fowler Investigations, which is runned by Myron Fowler and his daughter, Janet, who just happens to be A.J.'s former girlfriend. Occasionally, they competed with Fowler, other times they turned to him and/or Janet for help, and vice versa. During the second season, Fowler retired and closed his agency and Janet joined the D.A.'s office. During the third season Janet was replaced by Detective Downtown Brown, who got involved, sometimes reluctantly, with the Simons' cases and bailed them out when they got in trouble with the police. After four seasons, Tim Reid who played Brown left the show. So he was replaced by Abby Marsh. Also Simon's mother, Cecilia, occasionally got involved with their cases or brought them some. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Unbecoming Age (1992)Summaries A middle-aged woman frees herself from the spirit-crushing influence of her husband by refusing to remember what her age is. Her husband works long hours as an advertising executive and neglects his family while asking her "what do you do all day long?" What she does is work hard keeping the family together. An intelligent family film. Mark Logan <marklo@juno.com> Julia (Diane Salinger) seems to be going through a big change of life at age forty. She makes several dramatic changes; her hair color and style, her laid back attitude becomes extroverted and she becomes very permissive. All because of the magic bubble and making a wish. Lets make everyone happy. Richard Jones <rjo339@swbell.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mistress (1987 TV Movie)Summaries A woman who's been having an affair with a married man who's been taking care of her. When he dies she finds herself with nothing. So she tries to rebuild her life but not without the stigma of being a kept woman following her. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 