nm0000420:

 Rain Man (1988)541) After a selfish L.A. yuppie learns his estranged father left a fortune to an autistic savant brother in Ohio that he didn't know existed, he absconds with his brother and sets out across the country, hoping to gain a larger inheritance. Charles Sanford "Charlie" Babbit is a self-centered Los Angeles-based automobile dealer/hustler/bookie who is at war with his own life. Charlie, as a young teenager, used his father's 1949 Buick convertible without permission and as a result, he went to jail for two days on account that his father reported it stolen. It is then that Charlie learns that his estranged father died and left him from his last will and testament a huge bed of roses and the car while the remainder will of $3 Million goes into a trust fund to be distributed to someone. Charlie seemed pretty angry by this and decides to look into this matter. It seems as if that "someone" is Raymond, Charlie's unknown brother, an autistic savant who lives in a world of his own, resides at the Walbrook Institute. Charlie then kidnaps Raymond and decides to take him on a lust for life trip to the west coast as a threat to get the $3 Million inheritance. Raymond's acts and nagging, including repeated talks of "Abbott & Costello", "Four minutes till Wapner" and refusal to fly on an airline except Qantas drives Charlie insane... and out of his selfish world into a cross-country trek of pure love and understanding that these two both have. Christopher Howell (Ckhowell75360@aol.com) When car dealer Charlie Babbitt learns that his estranged father has died, he returns home to Cincinnati, where he discovers that he has an autistic older brother named Raymond and that his father's $3 million fortune is being left to the mental institution in which Raymond lives. Motivated by his father's money, Charlie checks Raymond out of the facility in order to return with him to Los Angeles. The brothers' cross-country trip ends up changing both their lives. Jwelch5742 Charlie is a hustler. He's been on his own long enough to know how to work people and situations. He finds that the father who threw him out as a teen ager has died. He's left him a now antique convertible and something more important, a previously unknown brother, Raymond. Raymond is autistic, but is able to calculate complicated mathematical problems in his head with great speed and accuracy. Their father has left his fortune to Raymond who doesn't even understand what money is for. Charlie is enraged by what has happened and by his father keeping Raymond's existence from him for his entire life. He kidnaps Raymond from his residential home but then finds that Raymond will only fly Qantas. The two begin a long road trip that will lead them to an understanding of each other. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Charlie Babbitt (Tom Cruise), a Los Angeles car dealer in his mid-twenties, is in the middle of importing four grey market Lamborghinis. The deal is being threatened by the EPA, and if Charlie cannot meet its requirements for pollution control, he will lose a significant amount of money. After some quick subterfuge with an employee, Charlie leaves for a weekend trip to Palm Springs with his girlfriend, Susanna (Valeria Golino). Charlie's trip is cancelled by news that his estranged father, Sanford Babbitt, has died. Charlie travels to his hometown in Cincinnati, Ohio, to settle the estate, where he learns an undisclosed trustee is inheriting $3 million on behalf of an unnamed beneficiary, while all he is to receive is a 1949 Buick Roadmaster convertible and several prized rose bushes -- all of which are dying from neglect. Eventually he learns the money is being directed to Wallbrook, a mental institution which is the home of his autistic older brother, Raymond (Dustin Hoffman), of whose existence Charlie was previously unaware. We learn that Charlie grew up a rebellious child and that following the death of his mother, he ran away from home at age 16 to California where he lived ever since, never speaking to his father ever again. Prior to his flight to California, Charlie had taken the Roadmaster out on his 16th birthday without his father's permission. His father subsequently called the police, reported the car stolen, and Charlie and his friends were picked up by the police. Charlie's father allowed the police to hold his son in jail for two days (the friends he was driving with had been bailed out by their own parents within hours). This leads Charlie to ask the question that permeates the movie: "Why didn't somebody tell me I had a brother?" Although Raymond has autism, he is high-functioning and also has superb memory recall, but little understanding of subject matter thus making him an "overgrown child". He is frightened by change and adheres to strict routines (for example, his continual repetition of the "Who's on First?" sketch whenever he becomes nervous or agitated) and has regimented mealtimes and outings. Except when he is in distress, he shows little emotional expression and avoids eye contact and is frightened of most physical contact. Numbed by learning that he has a brother and determined to get what he believes is his fair share of the Babbitt estate, Charlie effectively kidnaps Raymond -- who has always been a voluntary resident -- from Wallbrook. Charlie quickly becomes frustrated with Raymond's behavior and finds out that Raymond won't get on a plane to LA: Raymond recalls statistics of crashes with every airline (except Qantas) and has a severe anxiety attack where he hits himself in the head and screams uncontrollably when Charlie tries to force him to board. Charlie has no choice but to drive back to LA in the Buick. Charlie is also forced to avoid major highways when the two pass an accident, extending the driving time of the journey. Charlie intends to start a custody battle in order to get Raymond's doctor, Dr. Bruner (Jerry Molen), to settle out of court for half of Sanford Babbitt's estate so that the mental institution can maintain custody of Raymond. During the course of the long journey, Charlie learns about Raymond's autism, which he initially believes is curable resulting in his frequent frustration with his brother's antics. He also learns about how his brother came to be separated from his family, as a result of an accident when he was left alone with Raymond when Charlie was a baby, about 20 months old and Raymond was age 10. Raymond also sings "I Saw Her Standing There" by The Beatles like he did when Charlie was three or four years old. Charlie remembers the incident as early as he could remember and always thought that the person singing to him, (whom the young Charlie referred to as the 'Rain Man' due to Raymond's slow-speaking of his own name) was an imaginary character. While Charlie and his brother reminisce about their relationship, Charlie turns on the hot water in the hotel room bathtub -- Raymond suddenly has an episode where he hits himself and screams, yelling that the hot water will burn Charlie if he touches it. Charlie realizes that Raymond had tried to give his younger brother a bath and had scalded him, prompting their parents to send Raymond to Wallbrook. Charlie proves to be sometimes shallow and exploitative, as when he uses Raymond's precision memory and takes him to Las Vegas to win money at blackjack by counting cards. Casino security begins to watch Charlie and Raymond, though they can't find any proof that either is using a cheater's system to win against the house so Charlie can pay off his considerable debts back in LA. Security sends an attractive woman who finds Raymond alone in the casino's bar. She is able to get Raymond to allude to his and Charlie's counting of cards. Later, in their hotel suite, Raymond mentions the "date" he'd made with the woman. Charlie suggests that Raymond will have to dance with her and he shows Raymond how to properly dance with a woman. The two share a brotherly and friendly moment until Charlie tries to hug Raymond, who shrieks in fright. Shortly after, security asks to speak to Charlie privately and suggests that Charlie take his winnings, about $80,000 and leave. Charlie agrees. Susanna meets Charlie and Raymond at the hotel and she & Charlie reconcile -- they'd had a falling out just as the journey from Cincinnati had begun over Charlie's cold treatment of his brother. While she escorts Raymond back up to the suite, she kisses Raymond. In the end, Charlie finds himself becoming protective of Raymond, and grows to truly love him. Back in Los Angeles, Charlie meets with his attorney Boros ( Adam S. Gottbetter ) to try to get his share of his inheritance, but then decides that he no longer cares about the money and really just wants to have custody of his brother. However, at a meeting with a court-appointed psychiatrist and Dr. Bruner, Raymond is unable to decide exactly what he wants (to live with Charlie in California or stay at the mental hospital in Ohio). Eventually, the psychiatrist presses Raymond to make the decision, upsetting him and leading Charlie to request that the doctor back off. Raymond is allowed to go back home to Cincinnati. Charlie, who has gained a new brother and mellowed considerably, promises Raymond as he boards an Amtrak train with Bruner that he'll visit in two weeks. 
 Hot Shots! (1991)431) A parody of Top Gun (1986) in which a talented but unstable fighter pilot must overcome the ghosts of his father and save a mission sabotaged by greedy weapons manufacturers. Topper Harley, a top gun fighter pilot, is recalled to serve on the SS Essess. Topper's mission is to destroy Saddam Hussein's nuclear plants. Unfortunately, Topper is psychologically imbalanced and is sure to crack under pressure. Rob Hartill Ace pilot Topper Harley is asked to come back to the Navy for a special assignment (he dropped out to go live with Native Americans after an incident made him doubt his abilities). He has personality conflicts with the other Top Gun, as they are both romantically interested in the same woman. An aerospace company's owner is trying to sabotage the mission so the current fighter jet will be scrapped in favor of his jets. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1971, Navy fighter pilot Leland "Buzz" Harley soars through the skies with reckless abandon, agitating his co-pilot, Dominick "Mail Man" Farnham. In pursuit of an enemy plane, Buzz pushes the aircraft past its speed limit, and he and Mail Man are forced to eject. Entangled by his seat belt, Mail Man crash lands in a forest. He survives, but is shot by hunters who mistake him for a deer. Twenty years later. Navy Lieutenant Commander Block (Kevin Dunn) drives to a remote Indian reservation to convince Buzz Harley's son, Sean "Topper" Harley (Charlie Sheen), to return to the Navy for a special mission, but Topper, who lives in a tepee and goes by the name "Fluffy Bunny Feet," is not interested. However, Owatonna, "The Old One," (Rino Thunder) encourages the reluctant pilot to go. En route to Dudley Naval Air Station in California, Topper notices a beautiful woman (Valeria Golino) riding horseback in a meadow, and attempts to impress her by performing tricks on his motorcycle. When Topper arrives at the barracks, he introduces himself to new recruits. He is dismayed to learn that fellow pilot Jim "Wash Out" Pfaffenbach (John Cryer) suffers an acute vision disorder. As Topper unpacks, Pete "Dead Meat" Thompson (William O'Leary) asks about his family and loved ones, but Topper declares he has no time for love. Topper notices ace pilot Kent Gregory (Cary Elwes) on a nearby cot, and wonders if they have ever met. With great disdain, Kent reveals that he is Dominick "Mail Man" Farnham's son, before suggesting that Buzz Harley's antics caused his father's death. Topper refuses to believe the accusation. Dead Meat reminds the two men they are friends, not foes, and Topper and Kent reluctantly shake hands. Later, Topper reports for a psychological examination, where he discovers that his psychiatrist, Ramada Thompson, is the woman he saw in the horse meadow. She ignores his flirtatious advances, asking instead about his feelings regarding his father. Topper claims he does not think about the past. As he leaves the office, Ramada warns him to be careful. Heedless of her advice, he stumbles headlong into a mess of exposed electrical wires dangling from the ceiling. Later, the absent-minded Admiral Benson (Lloyd Bridges) briefs the pilots for a training run in anticipation of operation "Sleepy Weasel." In the air, despite a disturbing reminiscence of his father, Topper proves that he has not lost his flying prowess. Afterward, Topper runs into Ramada and flirts shamelessly with her, but when she announces her intention to ground him from flying, he storms off. That night, Lt. Commander Block attends a professional boxing match, where he exchanges information with the unscrupulous Mr. Wilson (Efrem Zimbalist Jr.), a manufacturer of "super-fighter" jets. Block confirms that Topper Harley is mentally unstable and certain to cause some kind of incident. Wilson notes that they can blame the mishap on inferior plane construction, and force the U.S. to buy new planes from his company. At a nearby nightclub, the fighter pilots socialize as Ramada Thompson sings a sultry rendition of a jazz standard. Kent Gregory, Ramada's former lover, watches with suspicion as she directs her performance to Topper Harley. Kent confronts the pilot, but Ramada breaks up the fight. Appeased, Kent kisses her goodnight. Ramada allows Topper to walk her home, before inviting him inside. The two spend an intimate evening together. The next day, before heading out for training exercises, Dead Meat and Wash Out wonder where Topper is. Wash Out, suspended due to his vision problem, laments the loss of their best pilot. Dead Meat walks arm in arm with his wife, Mary (Heidi Swedberg), who enthuses about their perfect life. On a whim, Wash Out dons Topper's helmet and flies out with the squad. However, his poor eyesight causes him to collide with Dead Meat's aircraft. Although Wash Out parachutes to safety, Dead Meat crashes. He survives the accident, but dies in the hospital at the hands of incompetent doctors. At the funeral, Lt. Commander Block meets with Mr. Wilson and insists they move forward with their plan. Wilson disagrees, thinking it would make more of an impact if the malfunction were to occur in combat. Frustrated, Block leaves. The flaky Admiral Benson disrupts the funeral when he mistakes a 10-gun salute as enemy gunfire. Later that day, Topper visits Ramada and confides his desire to resign from the Navy. She convinces him that the Sleepy Weasel team needs him. Topper professes his love for her, but she needs time to think. The pilot joins his squad on the S.S. Essess, an aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean. There, Admiral Benson orders the men to destroy a nuclear weapons plant located in Falafel Heights. When Topper Harley is designated lead pilot, Kent Gregory protests. Lt. Commander Block dismisses the criticism of Topper's temperament. The pilots prepare for takeoff, unaware that a mechanic working for Mr. Wilson has sabotaged one of the jets. In the air, enemy fighters approach, and Topper, overcome with memories of his father, disengages from formation. Block tells the pilots to abort the mission, but it is too late. Enemy aircraft surround them. In desperation, Block recalls Buzz Harvey's bravery on the day of Mail Man's death, jolting Topper out of his reverie. With a renewed sense of purpose, Topper joins the fight. He discovers that his weapons system is jammed, but destroys four enemy fighters using gravity-defying evasive maneuvers. He proceeds to Falafel Heights, where he drops a missile on Saddam Hussein and the nuclear plant. The Sleepy Weasel squadron returns to the aircraft carrier, where everyone celebrates Topper's heroic deeds. After Lt. Commander Block apologizes for his liaison with Mr. Wilson, Admiral Benson apprehends the crook. The warship returns to California, and amidst the homecoming fanfare, Topper searches for Ramada. He sees her in an embrace with Kent Gregory, and mistakenly assumes they have reunited. Dejected, Topper returns to the Indian reservation. However, when he arrives, Ramada is already there. She welcomes him into her arms with a kiss. 
 Portrait of a Lady on Fire (2019)761) On an isolated island in Brittany at the end of the eighteenth century, a female painter is obliged to paint a wedding portrait of a young woman. In 18th century France a young painter, Marianne, is commissioned to do the wedding portrait of Hlose without her knowing. Therefore, Marianne must observe her model by day to paint her portrait at night. Day by day, the two women become closer as they share Hlose's last moments of freedom before the impending wedding. France, 1760. Marianne is commissioned to paint the wedding portrait of Hlose, a young woman who has just left the convent. Because she is a reluctant bride-to-be, Marianne arrives under the guise of companionship, observing Hlose by day and secretly painting her by firelight at night. As the two women orbit one another, intimacy and attraction grow as they share Hlose's first moments of freedom. Hlose's portrait soon becomes a collaborative act of and testament to their love. Brittany, France, 1760. Marianne is commissioned to paint the wedding portrait of reluctant bride-to-be Hlose under the guise of a hired companion. Observing Hlose by day and discreetly interpreting her essence by night, their intimacy blossoms as the portrait progresses towards its inevitable completion. Mae Moreno In late 18th century France, painter Marianne is commissioned by a countess to paint the wedding portrait of her daughter Hlose. While posing as her hired companion, Marianne is instructed to complete the portrait in secret. However, intimacy and attraction begin to blossom between both women. yusufpiskin 18th century France. A young painter, Marianne, arrives on an island to paint the portrait of Heloise, a woman soon to be married. Heloise does not know a portrait is being made of her. Over time the relationship between the two young women deepens. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the end of the eighteenth century, Marianne, a young painter, is teaching painting lessons. One of her students asks her about a painting of hers, which Marianne calls "Portrait de la jeune fille en feu." Years previously, Marianne arrives on an isolated island in Brittany. She had been commissioned to paint a portrait of a young woman named Hlose, who is to be married off to a Milanese nobleman. Marianne is informed that Hlose has previously refused to pose for portraits, as she does not want to be married; she had been living in a convent before the suicide of her older sister necessitated her return and her betrothal. Marianne acts as Hlose's hired companion to be able to paint her in secret, and accompanies her on daily walks to memorize Hlose's features. Marianne finishes the portrait, but finds herself unable to betray Hlose's trust and reveals her true reason for arriving. After Hlose criticises the painting, which does not seem to portray her true nature, Marianne destroys the work. Hlose's mother is shocked to hear that Hlose is willing to pose for Marianne over the next few days. While her mother leaves for Italy, Hlose and Marianne's bond grows. One evening, they read the story of Orpheus and Eurydice while debating the true reason why Orpheus turned around to look at his wife. The pair help Sophie, a maid, have an abortion, and the three go to a bonfire gathering where women sing and dance, during which Hlose's dress briefly catches fire. Meanwhile, Marianne is haunted throughout the house by visions of Hlose in a wedding dress. The next day, Marianne and Hlose go to a cave and share their first kiss, and passionately make love later that night. Over the next few days, their romance grows stronger. However, it is cut short by the inevitable return of Hlose's mother. Marianne sketches drawings of each of them to remember each other, and bids a short farewell. As Marianne runs out of the house, she hears Hlose say, "Turn around". She turns around and sees Hlose in her wedding dress, appearing exactly as she did in the visions that haunted Marianne earlier. In the present, Marianne reveals she saw Hlose two more times. The first time was at a gallery in the form of a portrait, where Hlose was shown with a child and surreptitiously holding a book showing only the edge of page 28, recalling a self-portrait of Marianne she requested on that page. The second time was at a concert, where Hlose and Marianne sat across from one another. Although Hlose did not notice Marianne, she was overwhelmed with emotion as the orchestra played the Presto from "Summer" from Vivaldi's Four Seasons, which Marianne had previously played for her on a harpsichord. 
 Hot Shots! Part Deux (1993)431) "Rambo" parody in which Topper Harley leads a rescue team into Iraq to save Iraqi war prisoners and all of their previous rescue teams. Topper Harley is found working as an odd-job-man in a monastery. The CIA wants him to lead a rescue mission into Iraq, to rescue the last rescue team, who went in to rescue the last rescue team who... who went in to rescue hostages left behind after Desert Storm. The President is Tug Benson, who also likes to be in on the action. Basically, it's a send-up of all the big shoot-em-up Rambo/Robocop/T2/Commando-type movies. Rob Hartill Topper Harley has retired again, now living in a budhist monastery, and again he's asked to lead a special operation into Iraq, to rescue the guys who were sent to rescue the guys who were sent to rescue some prisoners left behind after the Persian Gulf War, where he will meet again with his beloved Ramada while he tries to uncover who the traitor is and kill as many Iraqis as he can. xeneize007 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a covert government mission to rescue hostages from Operation Desert Storm, a group of U.S. soldiers fail to assassinate Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein (Jerry Haleva) and are captured by Iraqi forces. Because the mission has failed twice before, the eccentric and absent-minded former U.S. Navy Admiral Thomas "Tug" Benson (Lloyd Bridges), now the President of the United States, suspects the team is being sabotaged and decides to send retired Navy war hero Lieutenant Sean "Topper" Harley (Charlie Sheen) to intervene. Presidential Military Advisor Colonel Denton Walters (Richard Crenna) and Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) official Michelle Rodham Huddleston (Brenda Bakke) locate Topper in Thailand, fighting as a boxer and practicing Buddhism. He refuses to help rescue the imprisoned soldiers, still troubled by the abandonment of his lover, Ramada Rodham Hayman (Valeria Golino). Two weeks later, Topper learns that Colonel Walters has been captured during yet another botched hostage rescue. He reconsiders the CIA's plea and arrives at the White House during a diplomatic dinner with the Japanese prime minister. After the event, Michelle Huddleston seduces Topper in the backseat of her car and they return to her house to make love (a spoof of 'No Way Out'). When Michelle and Topper arrive in Iraq, they assume control of the operation from Commander Arvid Harbinger (Miguel Ferrer), the sole escapee of the second failed raid. Harbinger informs them they only have eleven hours to free the prisoners. Michelle orders Topper and Harbinger to lead Officers Rabinowitz (Ryan Stiles) and Williams (Michael Colyar) through the jungle, promising to meet them later. In the forest, the men encounter an intelligence contact that turns out to be Topper's former lover, Ramada. She explains she was married to Dexter Hayman (Rowan Atkinson), a CIA training pilot who was long presumed dead, and left Topper when she learned he was still alive. Although Topper and his team survive an Iraqi attack on their river patrol boat, Michelle informs President Benson they have gone missing. As they move toward the prison camp, Topper suspects Harbinger of being the saboteur, and Ramada reveals her husband is among the hostages. Sneaking inside the grounds, they steal the guard's keys and release Colonel Walters. Tired of fighting, Harbinger begins to cry. Satisfied he is not the traitor, Topper briefly stops to console him before resuming fire on hundreds of Iraqi guards. Ramada is shot in the crossfire, but a locket around her neck stops the bullet. Topper realizes the locket contains his photograph, and Ramada admits she never stopped loving him. Topper continues to Saddam Hussein's palace, where the dictator challenges him to a sword fight. Topper's sword breaks, but he resumes the duel using a cordless telephone antenna. Meanwhile, President Benson devises a new rescue mission in which he will personally SCUBA dive through Iraqi waters to reach the palace. He appears just in time to save Topper from being sliced open, and continues fighting in the younger man's place with a new sword. While President Benson distracts Saddam Hussein, Topper frees Dexter Hawley from his cell. Colonel Walters and the remainder of the team prepare to leave in Michelle's rescue helicopter, but Ramada stops upon seeing the CIA agent, who once was her college roommate. Michelle reveals herself to be the mole, declaring that she remains bitter over a past misunderstanding with Michelle and acted out of jealousy over Topper's affections. Inside the palace, President Barton sprays Hussein and his pet Yorkshire terrier with a fire extinguisher, and the pressurized nitrogen freezes their bodies, which shatter into thousands of tiny splinters (spoof of 'Terminator 2'). The pieces liquefy from the warmth of the fireplace and reform into Hussein, who is now adorned with his dog's fur, ears, and nose. Colonel Walters handcuffs Michelle and puts her on the helicopter back to the U.S. Once Topper reunites Ramada with her husband, Dexter, he urges his former lover to escape while he goes back for the president. Before they leave, Dexter insists on taking a photograph of Topper and Ramada, but falls backward over a cliff while attempting to frame the shot. President Benson catches up to Topper and the team, with Hussein in close pursuit. While the helicopter struggles to lift off, Topper lightens their load by pushing a grand piano overboard. The fallen instrument crushes Hussein (spoof of the house dropping on the witch in 'The Wizard of Oz'), and Topper kisses Ramada as they fly away on the helicopter into the sunset. 