nm0001631:

 Dawn of the Dead (2004)761) A nurse, a policeman, a young married couple, a salesman and other survivors of a worldwide plague that is producing aggressive, flesh-eating zombies, take refuge in a mega Midwestern shopping mall. Ana goes home to her peaceful suburban residence, but she is unpleasantly surprised the morning that follows when her husband is brutally attacked by her zombified neighbor. In the chaos of her once picturesque neighborhood, Ana flees and stumbles upon a police officer named Kenneth, along with more survivors who decide that their best chances of survival would be found in the deserted Crossroads Shopping Mall. When supplies begin running low and other trapped survivors need help, the group comes to the realization that they cannot stay put forever at the Shopping Mall and devise a plan to escape. Will Ana, a young beautiful nurse finishes her day-shift at the hospital to return home to her beloved husband, they make love and sleep together. The next day, after her husband is killed by her neighbor next door, he suddenly comes back to life. She discovers the chaos happening in her neighborhood and escapes from her home. Soon after coming to her senses in the woods, she encounters a cop and other survivors, they decide to find safety in a mall. Soon more survivors come and they learn that if they want to stay alive, they should stick together as the world is overrun by an army of undead. Can they survive the horror in this horrific global chaos? When there is no more room in hell, the dead will walk the earth. Emphinix On a day like any other in the middle of the summer a nurse named Ana just wants to spend some time with her husband, Luis. But something goes horribly wrong when Luis is bitten and Ana has to run to keep from dying. She wrecks her car and is saved by a cop named Kenneth. They run into a small group of survivors consisting of Michael a TV salesmen, Andre a common thug and Luda who happens to be Andre's pregnant wife. But what happens when the dead find the mall and have a craving for possibly the only living people left in the world? All Hell breaks loose. A small group of survivors manages to get into the Mall with the others but some are bitten which starts a controversy. Should they be killed or not? Alex Sturdivant Upon finishing a long shift working as a nurse, Ana goes home for a much needed rest. Not noticing the emergency television broadcasts, seeing the daughter of a neighbor tearing out her husband's throat sends Ana into survival mode. Fleeing from her home, she sees the extent of the carnage that has ensued in the world around her. Ana groups up with other humans who have not been infected in a bid to remain safe. They find a haven in an empty mall, which has the supplies they need for now. Planning ways to keep their numbers up while the zombie population increases dramatically, the group face a number of challenges. Trapped in the mall, they make plans to move on, in hopes of finding an infection free zone in which they can regain some sense of normality. ahmetkozan On the hottest day of the summer, a Milwaukee nurse named Ana has just gotten off work to cuddle up with her husband, not paying any attention to an emergency broadcast involving a plague that is sweeping the nation. When her next door neighbor, a little girl, wanders into her bedroom, she sinks her teeth into the neck of Ana's husband Louis and no sooner does Luis die from blood trauma, he's back on his feet and trying to bite Ana. Taking off in her car, Ana watches in horror as the city becomes a virtual 'hellzone' as people begin to feed upon people, until she crashes her vehicle. Rescued by tough lawman Kenneth, Ana and a group of other survivors decide to hide out at the local Crossroads mall where they begin to learn through news broadcasts that the plague is turning civilians into primal, carnivorous cannibals with an insatiable hunger for human flesh and the only way to take these bad boys down is by shooting them in the head (which should terminate all brain activity). The group decides to hold up at the mall until a rescue team can come back and pick them up, but problems begin to arise when the infected start making their way toward the shopping center in search of more survivors. Keno Reeves Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ana (Sarah Polley), a nurse, finishes a long shift at her Milwaukee County hospital and returns to her peaceful suburban home. She and her waiting husband Louis (Justin Louis) make love and go to sleep, missing warnings beginning to trickle through the local media concerning a mysterious and rapidly-spreading contagion which turns its infected hosts into reanimated flesh-eating ghouls. The next morning they are awoken by their zombified neighbor, a young girl, who bites Louis in the throat. Ana locks the zombie out of the room, but despite her frantic efforts, Louis dies. When Ana unsuccessfully attempts to call 911 for help, Louis immediately awakens as a reanimated zombie, and chases Ana into the bathroom. Ana escapes out the window and flees from her now chaos-torn neighborhood in her car, before a failed hijacking attempt sends her crashing into a tree. The opening credits roll, showing the worldwide collapse of human civilization. Ana meets Kenneth (Ving Rhames), a grim police sergeant traveling to Fort Pastor, a nearby US Army base. With the route to the base blocked by zombies, they and three others - jack-of-all-trades Michael (Jake Weber), petty criminal Andre (Mekhi Phifer) and his pregnant Russian wife Luda (Inna Korobkina)- break into the nearby Crossroads Shopping Mall. Inside the mall, a scuffle with a zombified mall security guard results in Luda getting a minor bite-wound and Kenneth getting a cut on his arm. They confront three living security guards - C.J. (Michael Kelly), Bart (Michael Barry) and Terry (Kevin Zegers) - and give up their weapons in exchange for refuge. After the group secures the mall, they head up to the mall's roof to dispose of bodies and paint SOS signs. There, they "meet" another survivor, Andy (Bruce Bohne), who is stranded alone in his gun store, across the mall's zombie-infested parking lot. The next day, a delivery truck arrives at the mall, carrying the driver Norma (Jayne Eastwood), jerkish Steve (Ty Burrell), working man Tucker (Boyd Banks), elderly Glen (R.D. Reid), trampy Monica (Kim Poirier), bitten Frank (Matt Frewer) and his teen daughter Nicole (Lindy Booth), and an anonymous (and severely-injured) obese woman (Ermes Blarasin). These newcomers report that Fort Pastor has been overrun by zombies and no help is coming. Shortly after, the obese woman dies, reanimates and is killed by Ana, who thrusts a metal fireplace poker into her eye. The group determines that bites are how the zombies multiply their numbers; after Ana and Michael argue about what to do with the rapidly-deteriorating Frank, the man is isolated in a store with guard Kenneth, allowing him "every single second" before expiring. Michael and Ana achieve an awkward reconciliation, which is interrupted by Kenneth's shotgun blast as he destroys Frank's reanimated body. Though the mall provides many material distractions and the survivors begin pairing off romantically (Ana and Michael, Terry and Nicole, Steve and Monica), the undead surround the refuge in ever-increasing numbers. Finally the malls power goes out and Michael, C.J., Bart and Kenneth enter the underground parking garage to turn on the emergency generator. They meet a friendly dog (Blue) who appears unharmed nor infected. They question this when a zombie suddenly bites Bart, which attracts more zombies that forces the group to flee. While trying to avoid the horde, Michael and Kenneth reach the generator compartment and C.J. joins them when Bart is overwhelmed and killed by the zombies. They eventually work together to douse the zombies with gasoline and set them ablaze. Andre, faced with the fact that Luda will soon die, sinks totally into denial, and has his heavily-pregnant and infected wife tied to a bed in the mall's children's store. As she gives birth, she dies and reanimates. Norma checks on the couple, discovering the zombie-Luda and the demented Andre clutching a small bundle of blankets. Norma shoots Luda, causing Andre to snap completely; they exchange more gunfire and both are killed. Ana arrives on scene and opens the bundle to reveal a zombie baby. She pulls her revolver and a single shot rings through the mall. At an impromptu memorial, Kenneth says anything is better than "sitting around waiting to die". The remaining mall-dwellers thus plot to fight their way to the local marina, and from there travel out on Steve's small yacht to an island in Lake Michigan. They reinforce two small shuttle buses from the parking garage, removing the seats, welding on a snowplow, attaching metal bars and floodlights, stringing barbed wire, boarding up the windows, and cutting slits for the deployment of weapons. Chainsaws, propane tanks and other supplies are also loaded on board. Meanwhile, Andy is starving, and will not have the strength to join the escape (and contribute much-needed ammunition), so the mall survivors strap a pack of food on "Chips", the dog from the basement, and lower him into the parking lot in a sling. Unfortunately, while Chips makes it safely to the gun-shop, a zombie sees the dog and gets in as well and bites Andy. Nicole, distraught over Chips, takes the delivery truck and barges her way into the gun store, where a now-zombified Andy traps her in a closet. Kenneth, Michael, C.J., Terry, and Tucker gather their meager weapon supply and go into the sewers, while Steve is assigned guard-duty on their exit door. They reach the gun store, where they kill Andy, rescue Nicole and stock up on weapons and ammunition. A detonated propane tank is used to clear a path back to the sewers, but the zombies pursue them. Along the way, Tucker breaks his legs and, despite C.J.'s desperate attempts to pull him to safety, is attacked by the perusing zombies, forcing C.J. to shoot him dead out of mercy. Thanks to Steve's negligence, the zombies force open the exit door. The survivors pile into the buses and smash out into the parking lot, where another propane bomb is used to clear a path through the waiting horde. When Glen moves to take out a last hitchhiking zombie with a chainsaw, a sudden swerve sends the weapon slashing into Monica's shoulder. The resulting splatter of blood covers the windshield, causing driver Kenneth to lose control and crash. Glen and Monica are killed, while Steve flees the toppled bus and is attacked by the hitchhiking zombie. The others scramble for the second bus, meeting zombie-Steve en route. Ana shoots him dead, then must linger long enough to get the boat keys off his corpse, allowing more zombies to catch up with them. Ana flees back to the bus, where Michael helps her in. After a short struggle, they pull away and speed to the marina dock, where they crash the bus and dash for the boat. Cornered in the bus by their pursuers, C.J. detonates a final propane tank blowing up the vehicle, the zombies, and himself. The remainder of the group gets on the boat, except for Michael; he was bitten while helping Ana. Ana futilely pleads with him to come, and the boat sets sail with Terry, Ana, Kenneth, Nicole, and Chips. Ana watches unflinchingly as Michael draws his pistol, places it under his chin, and a final gunshot rings out over the water. The end-credits roll, interspersed with video footage taken by Terry, using a camera from the boat. Following a grim voyage where water, fuel and food supplies all run low, the remaining survivors succeed in reaching an island, only to be immediately attacked by a new swarm of zombies. As the survivors attempt to retreat to the boat, the camera falls to the ground and blacks out, leaving their ultimate fate unknown. 
 Splice (2009)431) Genetic engineers Clive Nicoli and Elsa Kast hope to achieve fame by successfully splicing together the DNA of different animals to create new hybrid animals for medical use. Two young rebellious scientists are told by their employers to halt groundbreaking work that has seen them produce new creatures with medical benefits by splicing together multiple organisms' DNA. They decide to secretly continue their work, but this time splicing in human DNA. Anonymous Clive Nicoli and Elsa Kast are scientists of the Newstead Pharmaceutics researching the splice of DNA from different animals to form new genetic beings and find medical benefits to mankind. They have just created the hybrid Ginger and Fred and now they intend to join together human DNA to alter the genetic structure of their experiment. When the senior management calls off their experiment, they decide to secretly proceed and they generate a life form with human characteristics. They call it Dren and Elsa is very fond of their creation that grows up fast and showing intelligence. When the company shutdown their experiment, they bring Dren to Elsa's abandoned farm and the scientists raise Dren like a daughter. But when it reaches adulthood, the sex drive of Dren is activated and Clive and Elsa learn that they have a serious problem to resolve. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Genetic engineers Clive Nicoli (Adrien Brody) and Elsa Kast (Sarah Polley) achieve fame by successfully splicing together the DNA of different animals to create incredible new hybrid animals. Now they want to use human DNA in a hybrid that could revolutionize science and medicine. But the pharmaceutical company that funds their research, N.E.R.D. (Nucleic Exchange Research & Development), forbids it, instead mandating that their department be reorganized to focus on finding & extracting certain proteins from the creatures they have already created. Not wishing to spend all their time engaged in what they consider mundane research for the next 5-10 years, Clive and Elsa secretly conduct their own experiments, blending human DNA with that of other animals. Though they disagree about actually bringing the hybrid to term, Elsa pushes the issue and she persuades Clive to go along with it, in continued secrecy. They name their creature Dren (nerd backwards), who exceeds their wildest dreams; she begins to grow and learn at an accelerated rate. As their lab becomes exceedingly crowded, and the risk of Dren being discovered increases, they move Dren to Elsa's late mother's farm. One of the original hybrid animals that they had created, which was originally female, had changed sex, unbeknownst to the preoccupied Clive & Elsa. This led to a disastrous presentation during a company shareholders' meeting, when the two original hybrids, previously one male and one female very much in love with each other, became both male, saw each other as rivals and bloodily killed each other in front of a shocked audience of shareholders and potential investors. Following this meeting, N.E.R.D., found itself in danger of going out of business unless they could find a profitable discovery. Their work at the company suffers as their attention is focused on Dren. Meanwhile, Dren has become amphibious and omnivorous with a toxic sting and retractable wings coming out of parts of her arm and back. Elsa, who had formed a maternal bond with Dren, changes her mind after Dren shows violent behavior, killing her own pet cat out of spite and assaulting her. She cuts off Dren's stinger and uses organic tissue from it to finally isolate and synthesize a protein they had been searching for. Soon after, Clive is seduced by Dren and has sex with her, much to Elsa's disgust; during her sexual encounter with Clive, Dren reveals that she has regenerated her stinger. Elsa and Clive have a heated argument about Clive having cheated, during which he confronts her with his discovery that she used samples of her own DNA in the creation of Dren. Deciding to deal with Dren, they go back to the farm, only to discover her body in the water tank, apparently dead. They bury Dren near the farmhouse but before they leave, their boss from pharmaceutical company arrives, having figured out that there was some sort of human hybrid because of the DNA present in the protein they had finally synthesized. Elsa tells her boss he can dig up Dren's body if he really wants to see it. Suddenly, they are attacked by Dren, who was not dead, but apparently in some sort of coma as her body underwent changes that turned her into a male. After killing her boss and Clive's brother, Dren drags Clive into a freezing pond. Elsa pulls him out, but he is unconscious and Elsa flees. Dren finds her and rapes her. As Dren is raping Elsa, Clive comes to the rescue, impaling Dren with a large sharp branch. Dren kills Clive with a toxic sting, but is dealt a fatal blow by Elsa when she smashes its head with a rock. Later on, Elsa is seen in the office of the pharmaceutical company's head and is given a massive amount of money in exchange for her silence and taking the experiment to the "next stage". The head of the company then thanks Elsa for the personal risk that she is undergoing. Elsa stands up and is revealed to be pregnant with Dren's baby. 
 Go (1999)651) The aftermath of a drug deal as told from three different points of view. Told from three perspectives, a story of a bunch of young Californians trying to get some cash, do and deal some drugs, score money and sex in Las Vegas, and generally experience the rush of life. Vladimir Zelevinsky <vz@alum.mit.edu> Three intertwined stories covering twenty-four hours, each starting at a Los Angeles supermarket on Christmas Eve, are told. In "Ronna", Ronna is a clerk at the supermarket working her third shift in a row as she needs to come up with rent money by tomorrow or be evicted from her apartment. At the check-out, she is approached by two young men looking for another cashier, "the British guy", who is their drug dealer. They want twenty hits of E for a party that evening. As the British guy Simon is away, Ronna seizes upon what she sees as an opportunity to raise her rent money by being their dealer for the day. She decides to go to Simon's regular supplier, Todd, for the drugs. The drug deals don't go quite as Ronna plans, the resulting incidents which are not helped by Ronna's friend, fellow supermarket employee Mannie, and which threaten their lives and that of their other friend, another cashier named Claire. In "Simon", Simon is on his first ever trip to Las Vegas with his friends Marcus, Tiny and Singh. Due to circumstances, Simon and the more worldly Marcus end up spending their first evening out on the town together. What happens to them is largely the result of Simon's over-exuberance combined with Simon losing his wallet for a period of time, Marcus' yellow blazer causing some confusion, and Simon overusing a gift he received prior to leaving Los Angeles. In "Adam & Zack", the two men who approached Ronna in the supermarket end up being, unknown to her, soap opera actors. Adam and Zack end up spending much of their evening with Burke, an undercover police detective who has them on a minor drug rap, and who will sign off on their rap in exchange for some help in nabbing a bigger fish in the drug trade. Burke ends up inviting Adam and Zack to "Christmas dinner" at his house with his wife, Irene. Adam and Zack, each who is facing a relationship problem with his respective partner, feel vulnerable in Burke and Irene's house, the actors who believe Burke has an ulterior motive in wanting to spend extended private time with them, and will hold his wants over their heads for their freedom. These three stories come full circle in that they conclude with some connection to the other two. Huggo On the Christmas Eve, the cashier of supermarket Ronna Martin is completely broken and will be evicted from her apartment on the next morning. She accepts the offer to cover the shift of her British co-worker Simon Baines that wants to travel to Las Vegas to have more money. While working, the clients Adam and Zach seek out Simon to buy ecstasy and ask Ronna if she can get the drug for them. Ronna goes to the apartment of Simon's drug dealer Todd Gaines to buy the ecstasy but she does not have enough money for twenty pills; so her friend and colleague Claire Montgomery stays with Todd to guarantee the payment. When she goes to the address of Adam and Zach, she meets Burke and suspects that he might be an FBI agent. She drops the ecstasy in the toilet and flushes it. Now she has neither the drugs nor the money to give to Todd. Meanwhile Simon travels to Las Vegas and gets into trouble in a night-club with very dangerous people and he needs to flee from the town with his friends. Meanwhile, Burke drops the charges against the informers Adam and Scott and invites them to spend Christmas night having dinner with his wife and him, but Burke has a secret agenda. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 'Go' is set mostly during one long Christmas Eve in the lives of a group of young adults on the events surrounding a drug deal in Los Angeles replayed three different times from three different views. In a straightforward manner; when slacker Simon Baines takes off for a getaway to Las Vegas with his friends, Ronna takes his shift at the 24-hour grocery store where they work. When two guys, named Adam and Zack, walk in asking to score some dope from Simon, Ronna takes it upon herself and her friends Claire and Mannie to buy some some stuff from the local drug dealer Todd Gains. But the drug deal is a sting that Adam and Zack are forced to set up by an overzealous narcotics agent, Burke. Ronna is forced to dispose of the drugs. With no other alternative, she tries to double-cross Todd with phony drugs. Meanwhile in Las Vegas, Simon's adventures with his best friend Marcus hit an unfortunate turn during a trip to a strip club, while Adam and Zack end up spending Christmas Eve with Burke and his wife Irene, and afterward while driving to a rave that Ronna is dealing, the guys accidentally hit Ronna with their car and leave her for dead. Nearby, Mannie nearly OD's on dope, and Claire gets more friendly with a vengeful Todd whom is now looking for Ronna. Matthew Patay Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film is told out of chronological format, the story being told from four different points of view. As such, the following summary only generalizes the actual sequence of events which take place. Ronna's story It is Christmas Eve in Los Angeles. Adam (Scott Wolf) and Zack (Jay Mohr), a couple of TV soap opera actors, have been busted for narcotics possession. In a plea deal, they will help Officer Burke (William Fichtner) set up a sting operation for Simon (Desmond Askew), an occasional drug dealer who sells ecstasy from his cash register at a local grocery store. Unbeknownst to them, Simon has taken a vacation to Las Vegas. Filling in at his register is Ronna (Sarah Polley), an 18-year-old runaway and high school dropout who is facing eviction and desperate for the extra paid hours of income. When the actors ask about Simon and where they might buy some ecstasy, Ronna recognizes a lucrative financial opportunity. She offers to "see what she can do" for them, taking down their address. They give her a flier with the details of a rave later that evening. After work, Ronna and co-worker friends Claire (Katie Holmes) and Mannie (Nathan Bexton) debate the underground drug trade "rules," such as circumventing Simon to become competing dealers themselves. Ronna decides this will be a one-time-only deal and proceeds to Simon's drug supplier, Todd (Timothy Olyphant). Todd is suspicious of Ronna's sudden interest in dealing drugs, and that the quantity she has requested is the exact amount that constitutes a drug trafficking felony. Reluctantly, he offers to sell her the drugs at a higher price. Unprepared for the price hike, she offers to leave collateral in exchange for bringing the balance back after the sale is complete, and bullies Claire into being the collateral. Ronna and Mannie then proceed to Adam and Zack's pre-rave party at their apartment. Ronna goes inside to complete the deal, while Mannie stays in the car and downs two of the pills he swiped from the bottle. Inside at the "party", there's only Adam and Zack behaving uncomfortably, along with an older man (Officer Burke, the undercover officer) who seems overly focused on finishing the drug deal. Ronna quickly realizes something is amiss here, so she asks to use the restroom before completing the deal. When Zack turns to show Ronna the way to the bathroom, he whispers "Go!" to her. She goes into the bathroom, flushes the drugs down the toilet, and emerges empty-handed. She tells Burke she wasn't able to obtain the drugs after all, and to defend herself from further scrutiny, notes to Burke that she is underage to be drinking the beer he gave her. Realizing he is now on surveillance giving alcohol to a minor, and without evidence to hold her, Burke lets Ronna go. Ronna, in a state of panic, ponders her situation with Mannie, who is slowly succumbing to the effects of the pills he took. She doesn't have the money to buy Claire's release from Todd, and now she has no drugs to sell. In desperation, she shoplifts a large supply of over-the-counter medication from her own grocery store. Finding pills roughly the same appearance as the ecstasy pills, she refills Todd's bottle and returns to his apartment. She explains to Todd that the deal fell through, gives the "stash" back to him, and frees Claire from collateral duty. Ronna realizes that she's still facing eviction and decides to attend the rave to sell the remaining medication as ecstasy. Her scam works, and she quickly makes more then enough money to cover her rent. Meanwhile, Todd has discovered the fake pills and shows up at the rave to settle the score. He sees Ronna and Mannie from afar and chases them through the dancing crowd. Mannie is too high to run and is slowing them both down. Ronna hides Mannie behind a piece of sheet metal in a back alleyway, tells him to keep quiet until she comes back, and runs off alone. Todd catches up to Ronna in the parking lot. He has a few last words with her about the nature of the illegal drug trade, and takes out a gun intent on killing her. At that very moment, a yellow Mazda Miata swerves around a corner of the parking lot at high speed and squarely hits Ronna, catapulting her onto its roof. It then shoots forwards and stops suddenly, sending her flying into a ditch. The driver, in panic from seeing Todd with a gun, flees the scene. Todd leaves Ronna for dead and flees as well as it begins to rain. Ronna lies motionless in the ditch. Simon's story Earlier.... After recruiting Ronna to cover his shift at the grocery store, Simon goes off with three of his friends Marcus (Taye Diggs), Tiny (Breckin Meyer), and Singh (James Duval) for some adventures in Las Vegas, footing their hotel bill with the credit card he had borrowed from Todd. Shortly after arriving, Tiny and Singh develop bad cases of diarrhoea from eating some bad seafood at the hotel's buffet restaurant and are stuck in their hotel room while Simon and Marcus hit the casino. Simon quickly loses much of his money and then wanders into a wedding party on the premises. There, he meets two female guests, with whom he eventually smokes pot and has sex (both of them). One of the women accidentally starts a fire in her hotel room, causing Simon to flee naked (clothes in tow) in an elevator. Putting his clothes back on, he meets up with Marcus back in the casino. Marcus's yellow sports coat gets him mistaken for a hotel employee, even earning him a tip when a customer mistakes him for a bathroom attendant. This eventually works to his advantage, though, when another hotel guest assumes Marcus is a parking valet and hands him the keys to his Ferrari. Simon and Marcus jump at this golden opportunity to take the red Ferrari for a spin, winding up at the Crazy Horse strip club. En route, Simon discovers a 9 mm pistol in the glove compartment, which he pockets for himself. At the strip club, Marcus warns Simon not to order "champagne" - strip club code for a private lap dance they cannot afford - however, Simon does precisely that, and he heads to a back room with two dancers and Marcus in tow. Before the lap dance commences, they receive a stern warning from menacing Victor Junior (Jimmy Shubert), one of the bouncers and the son of the club owner, to behave like gentlemen and not touch the dancers "or else." Simon hands the bouncer Todd's credit card and he and Marcus enter the back room; the lap dances have barely begun when Simon loses his self-control and gropes his dancer. Victor Jr. immediately bursts into the room and begins beating him. Marcus tries to defend Simon and is himself attacked by the bouncer. Simon then draws the gun he found and shoots Victor Jr., wounding him in the arm. Simon and Marcus hastily flee the premises and head back to the hotel. Simon and Marcus rush into their room and roust up the sickly Tiny and Singh, telling them they have 30 seconds to get up and out. Before they can flee, the Victors Jr. and Sr. (J.E. Freeman) arrive at their door, so Simon and crew bribe a young boy staying in the next room to open the connecting door for their escape. After a frantic car chase down the Las Vegas Strip, Simon and his three friends manage to elude their pursuers and reach the highway back to Los Angeles and drive away in the light of dawn in Simon's damaged car. They believe they are safe, reasoning that their pursuers would have called the police in Vegas...or so they think. What Simon forgets is that it was Todd's credit card he left back at the strip club. Adam and Zack's story Earlier... Adam and Zack are actually closeted gay lovers forced to be decoys in a police sting operation, in exchange for having their own drug charges dropped. In the grocery store parking lot, they test out their hidden microphones; inside, they look for Simon, their usual dealer, but find only Ronna. Later, after the sting with Ronna goes bad, Burke handcuffs Zack, then makes a bizarre suggestion: Why don't they spend Christmas Eve at his house and have dinner? Nervous, they reluctantly accept his invitation. It is an odd atmosphere in the house, and Zack and Adam have odd encounters with Burke and his wife Irene (Jane Krakowski). Zack comes out of the bathroom and runs into Burke completely nude; Burke urges him to lie down on his bed and try out some cologne. Adam, meanwhile, meets Irene, who comes on to him and even kisses him full on the lips. Later, when the four sit down to Christmas dinner, Burke explains that he and his wife are the fourth leading sales team in the region for Confederated Products, an Amway-type retail company, and that virtually everything in the house from the food to the cologne is from the company. Burke wants Adam and Zack to sell Confederated products for him. Zack then gets Adam to feign illness to excuse themselves, and they leave the house, both of them uneasy from the evening's events. Adam and Zack engage in small talk and discover that both of them are cheating on each other with the same man, Jimmy, a makeup artist in their television studio. They go to Jimmy's apartment and find out from his sister that he is attending the same rave that they had earlier advertised to Ronna. Adam and Zack show up and get revenge on their mutual two-timing lover by holding Jimmy down and cutting a sizable chunk of his long hair. Satisfied, they leave the party, get into Adam's yellow Miata and barrel into Ronna, sending her flying into the ditch. Then they see a man with a drawn pistol (Todd) and, terrified, flee the scene. They stop at a gas station and try to figure out what to do, debating whether Ronna survived the accident and, if so, whether or not the man with the gun finished her off. Adam goes to the toilet where he realizes that he is still wearing the hidden microphone from earlier that afternoon. Panicked, they throw the devices away and drive back to the spot where they hit Ronna. They find her still lying in the ditch, unconscious but alive, and hoist her on top of a nearby car with the alarm blaring. They watch in satisfaction from afar as other partygoers discover Ronna early the next morning and call an ambulance for her. Conclusion It is dawn now, and Claire, who does not know what happened to Ronna, leaves the rave and goes to the diner where she usually meets Ronna when they get separated. She encounters Todd; they engage in small talk, then realize they are attracted to each other. They end up kissing and groping in the stairwell of Todd's house, where they are discovered by none other than Victor Jr. and Victor Sr., the Crazy Horse bouncer and owner whom are after Simon and have tracked him through Todd's credit card. Todd explains they have the wrong man; he begins to draw out directions to Simon's place, when Simon himself walks into Todd's apartment ironically, to seek refuge from the bouncers. At first they want to kill him, but Claire points out that she and Todd would be witnesses to the crime. So an "eye for an eye" deal is struck where Victor Jr. gets to shoot Simon in the arm. Just as he is about to get justice, performance anxiety suddenly springs upon Junior and he cannot bring himself to pull the trigger. Claire gets impatient and leaves during his hesitations; as she gets halfway down the hall she hears a gunshot. She flinches and shuts her eyes. Simon calls out: "It's all right... I'm okay!" Meanwhile, Ronna wakes up in the hospital recovered enough to return to work, happy that, despite the night's batterings, she did indeed make enough money to save herself from eviction. She talks with Claire and suddenly realizes to her horror that she never went back for Mannie, who is presumably still hidden where she left him. Ronna and Claire return to the scene and find Mannie still there, shivering and terrified, but otherwise okay. They all get into Ronna's car and drive away, and Mannie wonders aloud what they'll do for New Year's Day just a week away. 
 My Life Without Me (2003)651) A young woman conceals the fact of her terminal cancer to live her life with a passion she never had before. Ann, 23 years old, lives a modest life with her two kids and her husband in a trailer in her mother's garden. Her life takes a dramatic turn, when her doctor tells her that she has uterine cancer and only two months to live. She compiles a list of things to do before she dies. Moritz Muehlenhoff <jmm@inutil.org> Sarah Polley plays Ann, a 24-year-old mother of two. Ann is married to Don (Scott Speedman), and they live near Ann's mother (Deborah Harry), who is bitter about the fact that Ann's father is serving a ten-year prison sentence. Ann learns that she has only a few months to live. She makes a series of goals to complete before her time on Earth comes to an end. Among her accomplishments are taking a lover (Mark Ruffalo), finding someone to care for Don, and recording birthday greetings for her two daughters.. Young Ann has a simple, but happy life with her husband, Don, and her two daughters, Penny and Patsy. Ann works as a janitor in the night-shift, cleaning at a University, Don builds swimming pools and they live in a trailer in Ann's mother's backyard. When Ann goes to the doctor expecting to be pregnant, she is informed that indeed she has a terminal cancer. She hides the information from her family and prepares for her death, making a list of ten outstanding subjects in her life, including preparing tapes for the birthdays of her daughters until they are eighteen years old; eating and drinking whatever she wants; telling only the truth; finding a new wife for her husband; visiting her father in the penitentiary; and making love with another man. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Twenty-three year old Ann has just been diagnosed with a terminal case of cancer, she having very little time left to live. She decides not to tell her family of the diagnosis, her family consisting of: Don, her loving husband and the only man she's ever been with and kissed; Penny and Patsy, her two young children; her angry mother, in whose backyard in a trailer Ann, Don and the kids live; and her incarcerated father, who she has not seen in a number of years. Because of the diagnosis, Ann compiles a list of things to do which is primarily to ensure that Don and the kids are taken care of after her passing. But the list also includes indulgent things for herself to make her collective life as complete as possible. Beyond her physician Dr. Thompson, Ann finds others she hopes will be a part of enacting her 'to do' list (without telling each of her impending death). These other people include Lee, a man she meets in a local caf, and her new next door neighbor also named Ann. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ann (Sarah Polley), 23 years old (approaching her 24th birthday), is a young janitor living in rural British Columbia, Canada, with her husband, Don (Scott Speedman), and their two young daughters, Penny (Jessica Amlee) and Patsy (Kenya Jo Kennedy). Ann was once a promising student, but after a troubled time in high school, Ann found herself pregnant by Don at a Nirvana concert; luckily, Don is a kind man and a caring father, who supports Ann and the girls by building swimming pools for a living, his one vice having a few beers every now and again. Ann and Don are also lucky that Ann's mother (Debbie Harry), a caterer, allows them to live in an old camper on the property, which has been converted into a modest yet comfortable mini-home. Despite being relatively secure, Ann longs for the more intellectually stimulating life she may have had if she hadn't been a teen mother, dreaming of attending university rather than cleaning one during her night shift as a career. She spends much of her work shifts listening to foreign language lesson tapes on her Walkman, although she does have one friend at work whom she frequently chats with, Laurie (Amanda Plummer), a fellow janitor who obsesses with diets and dieting, believing herself to be old and fat. Despite the dismal prospects Ann faces of spending the remainder of her life as a trailer park wife and mother, she never complains, and is seen to be quite cheerful at home, accepting of her situation is not entirely pleased by it. One morning, after promising to pick up Penny and Patsy after school, Ann becomes ill and falls unconscious in the mini-home, discovered by her mother, who happens to be out doing the laundry when the incident occurs. Ann has to spend the day at the hospital, worrying about being unable to pick up the girls. She's surprised when her shy doctor, Dr. Thompson (Julian Richings), avoids any of her medical questions with trivial gossip, and becomes worried when he meets her directly in the waiting room without looking her in the eye. He urges her to wait for Don, but Ann convinces him to tell her what her diagnosis is first. Dr. Thompson reveals to her that she has cancer in multiple organs throughout her body, and that it cannot be treated because it has progressed too quickly. Ann isn't sure what to think, and makes a few jokes about it. Finally, it dawns on her that Dr. Thompson is trying to tell her that she's dying, when he says to her that she has maybe three months at best before it happens. Dr. Thompson admits that he can't look Ann in the eye directly to tell her that she's going to die, and that the nurses find this unprofessional of him. Ann takes a liking to him, and when he offers her a coffee (or bourbon, he jokes), she asks him for a piece of candy instead, as she begins to cry about her impending death. Dr. Thompson gives her the last piece of ginger candy he has, and offers that he'll bring her some more the next time she comes to see him. Ann leaves the hospital in a daze; Dr. Thompson's bourbon joke has her recalling memories of her deadbeat father, who has sent to prison when she was a little girl. She decides that she isn't going to tell anyone about her dying, feigning normalcy at home. She lies and tells her mother and Don that she fainted because of anemia, and that she'll be alright. Still, knowing that she only has a short time left to live, Ann finds herself often wandering off in her own mind, finding that much of what she used to want for herself is meaningless. Don suggests that they'll take Penny and Patsy up to Whalebay Beach next month, because Patsy has never seen the beach before and wants to go. This sparks Ann to write a bucket list of things she wants to do before she dies while she goes to an old-fashioned diner for coffee one night. Her list includes going to Whalebay Beach, and also includes "sleeping with other men to see what it's like", "getting a new wife for Don" and "visiting her father in prison". She adds as well that she wants to say whatever she's thinking on her mind. After placing an order for coffee and pineapple cheesecake, Ann rudely tells the aging waitress (Deanne Henry) that her dream of using lottery winnings to get plastic surgery to look exactly like the singer Cher is a stupid idea. Unbeknownst to Ann, a man in the background overhears the conversation and laughs, finding it funny. Ann stops attending her janitor job as regularly as she should be, instead doing things that she either had no money or no time to do before finding out she was going to die. She goes to a beauty salon, hoping to get her hair dyed blonde and fake nails done, but the unnamed salon owner (Maria de Medeiros) repeatedly tries pushing her to get long braids done, as the salon owner herself has braided hair. At a bar, Ann runs into the salon owner again, who apologizes for the braids thing, explaining that her hairdresser's job is often very stressful. They discuss the salon owner's favorite band, Milli Vanilli, but the salon owner goes to dance with a friend before Ann can really have much of a conversation with her. Ann goes to do her laundry at the Ticky Poo Laundromat, where the man observing her at the old-fashioned diner is also doing his laundry. He offers to buy her a coffee, and she initially refuses, but then changes her mind. By the time he brings the coffees back, Ann has fallen asleep on the bench near the washing machines. The man stays with her all night, giving her his jacket as a blanket. When she wakes up, she informs him that she has to go back home. The man introduces himself as Lee (Mark Ruffalo) and offers her the jacket to keep, as well as a classic book. Ann finds his home telephone number inside the book. At home, Ann's life is becoming more complicated. Returning to work, she vomits in the bathroom sink, and randomly blurts out to Laurie every terrible thing that's happened in her life, including school bullying, her father's imprisonment, and her daughters' innocent belief in the happy TV commercials that pervade their lives every day. Laurie believes that Ann is on an extreme diet. Ann is only angered further when she comes home to find that her mother, who is supposed to be babysitting Penny and Patsy, is telling the girls a synopsis of a Joan Crawford film that she religiously watches, alluding to all the sacrifices she had to make herself by having Ann and losing all her dreams. Ann later snaps at Penny for mocking Patsy over complaining about having her hair brushed. With no outlet to tell her family the truth about her impending death, Ann decides to record cassette tapes for each of the girls' birthdays until they both turn eighteen years old, one for each birthday - by the last cassette tape, Patsy's eighteenth birthday, Ann has to get out of her car and cry. She isn't sure who to give the tapes to, least of all Don. She gets the nerve to call Lee by payphone on a rainy night, and despite the late hour, he lets her in. Ann is surprised to find an absence of furniture or refreshments in Lee's apartment, and it's revealed that his wife took all the furniture after a messy divorce. Ann is even more surprised to discover that Lee is a well-educated land surveyor, who's done work all throughout Canada and the United States, mostly to help with bridge construction. Lee collects books, and is more up-to-speed with Ann intellectually. The two begin a passionate affair while kissing in Lee's car in the rain, and Ann neglects to tell Lee about her death. Ann decides to return to the hospital, not for medical care (she's been completely skipping any of her appointments), but to ask Dr. Thompson to do her a favor. She is surprised that Dr. Thompson has decided to look her in the eye this time when he couldn't before, but she insists that she wants no further medical care, telling him that she doesn't want her daughters to have their last memory of her be in a hospital ward. She asks him if he'll give each of the cassette tapes she's made for her daughters to them on each of their birthdays, explaining that Don might lose them or wouldn't give the tapes to the girls in the way she intended. Dr. Thompson agrees, in exchange for Ann agreeing to accept a prescription for painkillers. He also gives her an entire paper bag full of ginger candies. Ann and Lee continue their affair, having to meet in secret places to keep it going. Ann is slightly ambivalent about it after Don tells her one night how regretful he is for not being able to give her or the girls a better life, but she continues meeting Lee. Sex is implied to have occurred as they both sit on the floor of Lee's apartment, with Ann in her underwear. Lee admits that he doesn't know her very well, and is confused after she hurls a book across the room, which features a poetic passage about a woman dying. Meanwhile, Ann sticks to her mission of trying to find a replacement wife for Don. She invites Laurie over for dinner, cooking pork ribs soaked in milk, but Don finds Laurie's accent and mannerisms to be bizarre. Laurie is embarrassed when Penny, watching her at the dinner table, remarks, "you're a PIG!" (after Laurie eats eight pork ribs before Don has even finished his first rib). A new neighbor moves into one of the mini-homes on Ann's mother's property. This new neighbor, a nurse (Leonor Watling), has the same name as Ann, and becomes a babysitter for Penny and Patsy. Ann hopes that this new 'Ann', who physically looks like Laurie, might be a better match for Don. They chat over coffee, and the neighbor tells Ann that she specializes in geriatric nursing because of a traumatic incident in which she had to watch two conjoined twin infants die in a period of thirty hours. Ann takes a liking to her, and offers her the chance to come over for dinner. The neighbor accepts. Ann asks her mother for information on where to contact her father in prison, planning to visit him soon. Ann's mother is disappointed, but admits that it doesn't really make her angry anymore. She informs Ann that it's her birthday, and that the highlight of the day was when a young bartender brought a bowl of peanuts with a candle stuck in the top to where she was sitting, making her cry. Ann tries to explain in one of her final cassette tapes to Penny and Patsy that nothing their grandmother ever dreamed about had ever come true, and that this is why she's often so depressed. Ann drives out the next day to see her father in prison, and the two have a bittersweet reunion. She cannot bring herself to tell him of her death, but he tells her that he'll make a pair of shoes for Penny and Patsy if she sends him their shoe sizes. He also apologizes to her for his past actions, and she leaves, never seeing him again. Ann also gets her false nails that she wanted, and leaves one parting remark to the salon owner, telling her genuinely that braids look really good on her. Ann makes a tape for her mother and for Don, apologizing to both of them, and then she drives out to a fancy diner by the waterfront to meet up with Lee one last time. It becomes clear that Lee sees their relationship as more than just a mere casual fling, and this is confirmed when he confesses his love to her. Ann admits that she feels the same way, but that they need to stop meeting, because it wouldn't be fair to Don or the girls to keep the affair going. After a tearful breakup, Lee sits in his car and cries, watching as Don arrives to pick up Ann. That night, Ann lays in bed while Don, Penny and Patsy have dinner with the neighbor next-door. Through the beaded hippie curtain that covers the doorway, Ann watches them in a blur, giving one last hope that they'll be happy before she dies alone. Lee receives Ann's final cassette tape, which declares her love for him, also hoping that he'll meet another woman who'll be good to him. As the tape plays, various shots are seen of each of the people in Ann's life, influenced in different ways. Among them are Don, the next-door neighbor and the girls, who are finally getting to go to Whalebay Beach. They excitedly pack the car with inflatable toys. Dr. Thompson sits alone in his office, sadly holding onto the box of Ann's cassette tapes before sorting each one in order to give to Penny and Patsy. The salon owner teaches a fellow employee how to dance to Milli Vanilli. Laurie eats a carrot stick, finally sticking to her diet. The waitress from the old-fashioned diner goes through photos of Cher. Ann's mother dates a balding, middle-aged man; the two appear to be having fun together. Lee paints his walls a brighter color and aligns his book collection on his first new piece of acquired furniture, a bookshelf, as he remembers Ann fondly. 