nm0000234:

 Tully (2018)541) A struggling mother of three forms an unexpected bond with the night nanny hired to help with her newborn baby. The film is about Marlo, a mother of three, including a newborn. Marlo's brother gives her a night nanny as a gift. Hesitant with the extravagance at first, Marlo comes to form a unique bond with the thoughtful, surprising, and sometimes challenging young nanny named Tully. Marlo, a mother of two, is pregnant with an unplanned third child. Jonah, her son, has a developmental disorder that doctors have been unable to diagnose; she uses the Wilbarger Protocol to brush his skin in an attempt to reduce his sensitivity. When Marlo and her husband Drew visit her wealthy brother Craig's house for dinner, he offers to pay for a night nanny as a baby shower gift, but Marlo rebuffs him. Marlo gives birth to a daughter she names Mia, and quickly becomes overwhelmed and exhausted. After Jonah's principal recommends that he be placed in a different school, Marlo breaks down, and she retrieves the contact information for the night nanny. Juggling weighty domestic responsibilities with Jonah, her emotionally needy five-year-old boy, the exhausted and pregnant mother of two, Marlo, is at the end of her tether. Then, the arrival of her newborn daughter, Mia, further complicates matters, and as if that weren't enough, Jonah's principal has an important announcement to make. As a result, unable to cope with the steep challenges of motherhood, Marlo accepts her wealthy brother's offer to gift her with the free-spirited twenty-six-year-old night nanny, Tully. Now, for the following three weeks, the too-good-to-be-true babysitter will be looking after the baby-girl from dusk till dawn, so that the overworked New York mum can finally get some rest, and maybe, just maybe, reacquaint with the lively woman she used to be. However, this is easier said than done. Who said parenthood is a walk in the park? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, Marlo (Charlize Theron) is brushing her son Jonah's (Asher Miles Fallica) skin, as he has some form of autism and was recommended by doctors to have his skin brushed to make things easier on him. When she is done, Marlo goes to her husband Drew (Ron Livingston) to remind him that they are having dinner the following night at her brother's house, but Drew thinks Marlo's brother hates him. Marlo, who is nine months pregnant with her third child, takes Jonah and his sister Sarah (Lia Frankland) to school. Jonah throws a tantrum over a specific parking lot before Marlo manages to calm him down. Marlo then goes to meet with the principal, Laurie (Gameela Wright). She tells Marlo that while they like Jonah, his "quirky" behavior is often difficult to deal with and Laurie suggests to Marlo that they hire an aide for the boy. The family goes to Marlo's brother Craig's (Mark Duplass) home for dinner with his wife Elyse (Elaine Tan), their daughters Greta (Bella Star Choy) and Emmy (Maddie Dixon-Poirier), and their night nanny Shasta (Stormy Ent). Craig and Elyse suggest to Marlo and Drew that they hire a night nanny to help with the baby, as well as their implication that Jonah is too much to deal with. Marlo goes to chat with Craig, who continues to try and sell her on it since he would be paying for the nanny, but Marlo is hesitant. Marlo's water breaks and she goes to the hospital as the baby arrives. She gives birth to a girl that she names Mia. Upon returning home, Marlo goes through a routine of pumping breast milk, changing diapers, and tending to the baby whenever she cries. She becomes overwhelmed and exhausted. Marlo brings Mia with her to meet with Laurie again. This time, Laurie suggests that it would be better for everyone if Jonah were "dismissed" from the school and sent to a public school. Marlo gets upset and starts yelling at Laurie, believing she just hates Jonah and thinks he's retarded. She goes back to her car with Mia, who won't stop crying. Fed up, Marlo picks up her phone. That night, after putting Sarah and Jonah to bed, Marlo is visited by the night nanny, Tully (Mackenzie Davis). She helps Marlo pump breast milk and tend to Mia. The two then chat over Marlo's feelings about being a mother. The following morning, Marlo is surprised to discover that Tully cleaned up the house. The next night, Tully bakes cupcakes for Jonah's class. Marlo gives one to Laurie to apologize for how she acted toward her. Jonah later starts his new school with Marlo taking him in on his first day. He has to use the bathroom and he freaks out after flushing the toilet because of how loud it is. Marlo tries to calm him down when a teacher walks by and manages to calm Jonah down by pretending they are trees. When Marlo sees Tully again, she mentions going through Drew's browser history and seeing that he has some kind of fetish for waitresses wearing a specific uniform from something out of a diner from the 50's. Marlo admits she bought the uniform to wear for Drew, but she never did. Tully goes to put it on, and they go upstairs to wake Drew up and have a threesome with him. Marlo starts to look and feel better. She goes to a birthday party with Drew, the kids, and Craig and his family, and they note how much more lively she looks. The next night that Tully comes over, she appears upset over an issue she has with her roommate for bringing so many guys over. She then suggests to Marlo that they go into the city to have some fun. Marlo is initially hesitant but eventually agrees to drive to Brooklyn. Marlo and Tully drive by Marlo's old neighborhood before going to a bar. They have drinks and jam out to the band that is playing. Tully then tells Marlo that she can no longer work for her because she was only there to bridge a gap and she feels that she is no longer needed. Marlo becomes upset and starts to leave. She steals a bike and rides away with Tully following her on another bike. Marlo tries to go to her old home but then gives up and decides to just drive home. On the way back, Marlo falls asleep at the wheel and swerves off a bridge into the river. Marlo sees herself trapped underwater in her car. She envisions Tully as a mermaid coming to rescue her. Marlo wakes up in the hospital where Drew is looking over her. The nurse informs him that Marlo was suffering from sleep deprivation and exhaustion. After Craig arrives, Drew talks to the lady behind the desk to give Marlo's personal information, revealing that her maiden name is Tully. This is when we learn that the Tully that Marlo saw was never real, and that everything she appeared to do with Tully was in her head. Marlo is then visited by "Tully" one last time, where they decide that they have to stop seeing each other, and they part amicably. Marlo returns home and starts to do better. She goes to brush Jonah's skin, but he decides on his own that he doesn't need it. After hugging him good night, Marlo goes into the kitchen to listen to music and prepare the kids' lunch for the next day. Drew comes in and shares the music with her as he helps her. 
 Snow White and the Huntsman (2012)541) In a twist to the fairy tale, the Huntsman ordered to take Snow White into the woods to be killed winds up becoming her protector and mentor in a quest to vanquish the Evil Queen. Snow White, imprisoned daughter of the late king, escapes just as the Magic Mirror declares her the source of the Evil Queen's immortality. The Queen sends her men, led by a local huntsman, to bring her back. But upon her capture, the huntsman finds he's being played and turns against the Queen's men, saving Snow White in the process. Meanwhile, Snow's childhood friend, William, learns that she is alive and sets off to save her. G.C. Bendixen Once upon a time, King Magnus and his Queen have a beautiful daughter, Snow White, who is raised with her best friend William. When the Queen passes away, the King grieves her death but has to fight against a dark invader army. He rescues a beautiful prisoner, Ravenna, and on the next day he marries her. On the wedding night, Ravenna stabs King Magnus in the chest and brings the enemy army led by her brother Finn that destroys the King's army. Ravenna imprisons Snow White in the Northern Tower of the castle while William, his father The Duke and a few survivors escape from the castle. Years later, the kingdom is completely depleted and Queen Ravenna, who is an evil witch, keeps her beauty by draining the youth of young ladies. When the Magic Mirror tells that Snow White would be the source of her immortality, she asks Finn to bring the princess to her. However, Snow White escapes and flees to the Dark Forest. Queen Ravenna brings a Huntsman that misses his wife and she promises to bring her back to life provided he catches and brings Snow White to her. But when he captures Snow White, he discovers that the evil Queen lied to him and he becomes the protector of the princess. Meanwhile William learns that Snow White is alive and he heads to join Finn's men to meet her. The Huntsman and Snow White meet the eight dwarfs that bring them to the magic Fairytale Land. When they are attacked by Finn and his men, William also finds them and the group heads to the Duke's castle with the intention of beginning an uprising against the evil Ravenna. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Enchanted by imprisoned Ravenna's beguiling beauty, King Magnus decides to marry her after the untimely demise of kind Queen Eleanor, only to be seduced to his death on the night of their wedding. As a result, the demonic usurper, Queen Ravenna, banishes her innocent stepdaughter, Snow White, to the castle's impenetrable prison, dreaming of becoming an immortal. However, to transform into an everlasting entity, and the fairest of them all, the wicked ruler will need Snow White's pure and untainted heart. Before long, the precious prisoner will escape, and as the deceived huntsman sent to capture Snow White joins forces with the realm's rightful Princess, her loyal and courageous army of insurgents prepares for the final confrontation. But, is valour alone enough against Ravenna's dark sorcery? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Snow White (Kristen Stewart) is the princess of Tabor, daughter of King Magnus (Noah Huntley) and Queen Eleanor (Liberty Ross). After his wife's death, King Magnus marries the beautiful Ravenna (Charlize Theron) after rescuing her from the Dark Army, an invading force of glass soldiers. Ravenna, who is in fact a powerful sorceress and the Dark Army's master, kills Magnus on their wedding night after noting that men like him exploit the beauty of women and discard them. As Ravenna seizes control of the kingdom, Duke Hammond (Vincent Regan) escapes the castle with his son William, but is unable to save Snow White who is captured by Ravenna's brother Finn (Sam Spruell). Snow White is then locked away in the castle's tower. Tabor is left in ruins under Ravenna's rule as she periodically drains the youth from young women in order to maintain a spell once cast by her mother which allows her to keep her beauty. When Snow White comes of age, Ravenna learns from her Magic Mirror (Christopher Obi Ogugua) that Snow White is destined to destroy her unless Ravenna consumes the young girl's heart which will make her immortal. Ravenna orders Finn to bring her Snow White but she escapes into the Dark Forest, where Ravenna has no power. Eric the Huntsman (Chris Hemsworth), a drunken widower who has survived the Dark Forest, is brought to Ravenna who orders him to lead Finn in pursuit of Snow White. In exchange she promises to revive his deceased wife Sarah. Duke Hammond learns that Snow White is alive and has fled into the Dark Forest, and his son William (Sam Claflin), Snow White's childhood friend, later infiltrates Finn's band as a bowman to find her. The Huntsman locates Snow White in the Dark Forest, but Finn admits that Ravenna cannot resurrect the dead. The Huntsman then helps Snow White to escape, promising to escort her to Duke Hammond's Castle in exchange for a reward of gold. The two leave the Dark Forest, crossing a bridge where a troll resides. He's big, mean, and ugly, but Snow White is able to calm him...this is an indication of things to come. they come across a fishing village where all the women have disfigured themselves in order to escape Ravenna, and where he learns Snow White's true identity. They are taken in, but he then leaves her in the care of the women, saying she's better off without him; he returns when he sees the village being attacked and burned by Finn's men. Snow White and the Huntsman escape w/ the blessings of the women of the village and eventually come upon a band of dwarfs, formed by Muir (Bob Hoskins), Beith (Ian McShane), Gort (Ray Winstone), Coll (Toby Jones), Duir (Eddie Marsan), Quert (Johnny Harris), Nion (Nick Frost), and Gus (Brian Gleeson). Muir discovers Snow White's identity as the only person who can defeat Ravenna and end her reign. As they travel through a faerie sanctuary, Snow White's importance in the scheme of things becomes more apparent. When she follows some faeries thru the woods, she comes across a magnificent white stag, who blesses her, according to Muir, who also says she is life itself and will heal the kingdom. Suddenly an arrow pierces the stag's side and the group is attacked by Finn's men, resulting in Gus's death when he jumps in front of Snow White to prevent an arrow from hitting her. The Huntsman kills Finn after learning he abetted in the murder of his wife Sarah; this has a negative effect on Ravenna. William reveals himself and helps defeat the soldiers before joining the others in their journey to Hammond's castle. Ravenna disguises herself as William and tempts Snow White into eating a poisoned apple (and why is there snow all of a sudden?), but is forced to flee as a cloud of ravens when the Huntsman and William discover her. The ravens return to Tabor thru a hole in the roof, falling dead to the floor, while Ravenna evolves from the black ooze. William kisses the now sleeping Snow White without seeing that a single tear has fallen. She is carried to the great hall in Hammond's castle. There, the Huntsman professes his love and regret for not saving Snow White who reminds him of his late wife and kisses her, breaking the spell as she awakens after a second tear falls. Snow White gives a rousing speech in the keep, then takes command of the Duke's army and leads them into battle against Ravenna. We see Ravenna hale and young again amid a litter of dead women...obviously, her cure works. As the army approaches the castle, the defenders let loose a volley of flaming balls, while the dwarfs infiltrate Tabor through the sewers and skulk around inside the keep, disabling guards and gaining entry to the gate mechanism, thus allowing the Duke's army to invade the Castle. Snow White makes her way to the top of the castle tower and confronts Ravenna, just as William, the huntsman, and the duke's soldiers arrive. Ravenna causes the ceiling in the hall over the soldiers to turn into shards of sharp, black glass. The soldiers use their shields to keep from getting cut to ribbons, but the shards transform into fighting monsters. While the soldiers are thus occupied, Snow fights the queen, who overpowers her. She is prepared to kill Snow and consume her heart when, using a move the huntsman taught her, Snow White stabs her in the heart instead, causing Ravenna to wither and die. Hammond's army is victorious. Snow White is crowned Queen as the kingdom is restored. Many poignant looks ensue between her and the huntsman. 
 Monster (2003)431) Based on the life of Aileen Wuornos , a Daytona Beach prostitute who became a serial killer. The true story of serial killer Aileen Wuornos who was convicted of luring men to their death and eventually executed in 2002. In 1989, she was working as a prostitute and finally makes a friend when she meets and begins a relationship with a young woman, Selby. Determined to straighten out her life, she tries to find legitimate work but with little education and limited social skills, she fails at every turn. She starts working as a hooker hitching rides along the local interstate highway and after robbing a few clients has an encounter with a vicious client whom she kills in self-defense. After that however she just takes to killing clients taking their money and car. Once arrested she claims self-defense but is eventually convicted. garykmcd A dark tale based on the true story of Aileen Wuornos, one of America's first female serial killers. Wuornos had a difficult and cruel childhood plagued by abuse and drug use in Michigan. She became a prostitute by the age of thirteen, the same year she became pregnant. She eventually moved to Florida where she began earning a living as a highway prostitute--servicing the desires of semi-truck drivers. The tale focuses on the nine month period between 1989 and 1990, during which Wuornos had a lesbian relationship with a woman named Selby. And during that very same time, she also began murdering her clientle in order to get money without using sex. This turned the tables on a rather common phenomenon of female highway prostitutes being the victims of serial killers--instead Wuornos, herself, carried out the deeds of a cold-blooded killer. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Aileen Wuornos, an aging prostitute, meets Selby at a bar in Daytona Beach. Self-absorbed Selby likes Aileen almost immediately; she likes that 'Lee' wants to attend to her hand and foot and take care of her. At a roller rink, Aileen displays her ability to ascertain men's abnormal sexual proclivities at a glance. They have a passionate encounter skating together and quickly become committed to one another, then move into a motel together. Always needing money Aileen works the highways. A john drives her into the woods and beats her unconscious, then brutally sodomizes her awake. Facing certain murder, Aileen breaks free and kills the man with her own gun. Empowered, she decides to quit prostitution. Any money is partied away as Aileen tries to find legitimate work. This is not an easy task; she has no qualifications or experience, and has a very bad temper, which she often displays during job interviews. Selby demands money just to eat, but also wants a home and vacations. Aileen inevitably returns to her trade, though the worm has turned. Now she stalks the johns and kills them for their money and cars as she tries to justify her blood lust as a victim of rapists and murderers. Selby's eventual realization of the truth drives a wedge between the lovers. The lovers part and Aileen is arrested. She speaks to Selby one last time, while in prison. Selby reveals incriminating information over the telephone and she realizes Selby is with the police. To protect Selby, Aileen states she committed the murders alone. During Aileen's trial, Selby testifies against her, with Aileen's loving consent. Aileen Wuornos was convicted, sentenced to death and executed by the state of Florida. 
 Mad Max: Fury Road (2015)761) In a post-apocalyptic wasteland, a woman rebels against a tyrannical ruler in search for her homeland with the aid of a group of female prisoners, a psychotic worshiper, and a drifter named Max. An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet, in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken, and almost everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order. There's Max, a man of action and a man of few words, who seeks peace of mind following the loss of his wife and child in the aftermath of the chaos. And Furiosa, a woman of action and a woman who believes her path to survival may be achieved if she can make it across the desert back to her childhood homeland. Production In the stark desert wasteland populated by a broken humanity driven with survival and the unending ravage for gasoline, a loner named Max finds himself unwantedly caught in the middle of a chase while aiding the heroine Furiosa and her female companions. She struggles to return to her homeland and escape the clutches of a ruthless desert gang leader, Immortan Joe. With the harsh desert sands in front of them and marauders behind, only the maddest will prevail the storm. The former policeman Max is captured by the War Boys tribe, commanded by the Immortal Joe and assigned to be blood donor for the Wat Boy Nux who is sick. Meanwhile Imperator Furiosa drives a tank truck to collect gasoline for Joe. However her true intention is to flee from the tyrannical Joe with his five women selected to breed hidden in the truck to her homeland. Immortal Joe commands a party to hunt down Furiosa and Max is chained to Nux's car. Furiosa heads the truck into a sand storm but Nux continues to pursue her. After the storm, Max succeeds to escape from the car and brings Nux chained with him. He sees Furiosa and the five wives and decides to flee in their truck; but there is a secret to operate the truck and he teams up with Furiosa, leaving Nux in the desert. When Joe's gang arrives, they retrieve Nux and follow Furiosa. Will Max and the women succeed in escaping from Joe's gang? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Years after the collapse of civilization, the tyrannical Immortan Joe enslaves apocalypse survivors inside the desert fortress the Citadel. When the warrior Imperator Furiosa leads the despot's five wives in a daring escape, she forges an alliance with Max Rockatansky, a loner and former captive. Fortified in the massive, armored truck the War Rig, they try to outrun the ruthless warlord and his henchmen in a deadly high-speed chase through the Wasteland. Jwelch5742 After a narrow escape in the barren deserts of the dystopian Wasteland, the solitary post-apocalyptic survivor, Max Rockatansky, struggles to stay one step ahead from the water-controlling overlord Immortan Joe's marauding gangs, the Wild Boys. However, Max will soon cross paths with one of Joe's elite lieutenants--the fearless warrior, Imperator Furiosa--who has just fled the Citadel in her heavily armoured War Rig truck, absconding with an irreplaceable quintet of wives. Now, the powerful tyrant and his hordes of delusional zealots are after the unlikely team of Max and Furiosa; however, before the unforgiving Wasteland's deadly immensity, who has what it takes to survive? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Max Rockatansky ( Tom Hardy ) explains in a voice-over that he was once a cop and road warrior and is now trekking through post-apocalyptic Australia, running from haunting thoughts of his dead wife and child and other people he's failed to save. As he stands on a ridge looking around, a two-headed lizard crawls near Max and he stomps on it before eating it. He drives off and is quickly pursued by a group of scavengers called the War Boys, all pale and covered in blisters due to radiation sickness. They chase Max through the desert and force him to crash before they capture him. The War Boys take Max to their lair in the Citadel, a system of caves in a very tall mesa. They shave his head and face. They tattoo his back with a notice saying he is a universal blood donor (type O negative), intending to use him as a blood supply. They cover the lower part of his face with a trident-shaped iron muzzle and nearly brand him with an image of a skull engulfed in fire but he breaks free and runs from the War Boys. The chase through the caves shows that the Citadel is extensive and has an ample water supply as well as greenhouses. As he runs, Max continues to see images of the dead before he makes it to an exit high above the ground. He jumps out and latches onto a swinging hook, but he keeps swinging back toward the War Boys and they manage to pull him back into the tunnel. In the Citadel, there is a large community of survivors lorded over by the leader of the War Boys, Immortan Joe ( Hugh Keays-Byrne , who also played the villain Toecutter in the original Mad Max (1979) film). Joe wears a grotesque face mask made of horse teeth set in a large pair of jaws, with air hoses attached to a bellows system on his back to help him breathe (presumably, his lungs are damaged). As he addresses a crowd on the ground below the Citadel, he supplies the people with some water, making everyone go crazy and fight for it once Joe shuts it off after a few seconds. He warns the people not to become addicted to water so that they do not go mad over its absence. Joe then sends his commander Imperator Furiosa ( Charlize Theron ) out in a huge war rig to collect fuel from Gas Town, with an escort of War Boys in smaller vehicles. Furiosa has a metal prosthesis in place of her lower left arm and hand. On the road, Furiosa diverts from the path to Gas Town (glimpsed as a distant group of oil refineries) and heads east. Joe is alerted to the change and runs to the locked chambers where he keeps his five wives (young women chosen to breed his children). They're all gone, and writing on the walls says "Our children will not be warlords" and "Who killed the world?" An old woman tells Joe that he cannot own a human. Furiosa is taking the women away from Joe, prompting him to rally the War Boys and go after her. All the War Boys are eager to join the chase, but one called Nux ( Nicholas Hoult ) is so weak that he needs a "blood bank" -- which means Max goes along for the ride, chained to Nux and connected to the driver via a central line transfusion tube. The War Boys believe that Immortan Joe can deliver them to the gates of Valhalla, so Nux is willing to risk death in service to his leader. The War Boys ride after Furiosa's war rig, which is attacked by another scavenging tribe, the Buzzards. Nux straps Max to the hood of his car like the figurehead on a ship and eagerly chases Furiosa alongside the others. They attempt to get close to the rig, but Furiosa shakes most of them off, the War Boys aiding in the battle with explosive-tipped spears. Nux gets close to the rig as Max attempts to break free. Furiosa drives toward a enormous oncoming sand storm. Nux continues to chase her, even as they head into treacherous sand tornadoes. A few War Boys are killed in the storm, while Nux plots a kamikaze run by spilling his fuel inside his car. He plans to set it ablaze with a flare when Max is able to overpower and stop him. The two crash in the storm. Max awakens to find himself still chained to an unconscious Nux and still wearing his muzzle. He grabs a shotgun and tries to shoot off Nux's wrist, but the gun misfires. He spots Furiosa's rig and walks there, finding five beautiful women -- the Splendid Angharad ( Rosie Huntington-Whiteley ), Toast the Knowing ( Zo Kravitz ), Capable ( Riley Keough ), Cheedo the Fragile ( Courtney Eaton ), and the Dag () -- cleaning themselves with a hose and removing their chastity belts with bolt cutters. Splendid is nine months pregnant with Joe's child, and Dag is also carrying his baby. Max points the shotgun at the women and demands the hose. He drinks, then tells them to use the cutters to cut off his chain. Dag tries to but cannot break it. Furiosa sees in the distance that Joe has gathered reinforcements from the other towns that supply gas and ammunition to the Citadel. The approaching forces are led by the People Eater ( John Howard ) and the Bullet Farmer ( Richard Carter ). Max and Furiosa fight as he tries to cut the chain that ties him to Nux. Nux wakes up and helps Max fight Furiosa, who is assisted by the other women. Nux cuts the chain and Max tries to take the rig for himself. However, it stalls because Furiosa installed a kill switch and only she knows how to keep it going. Max lets her back on the rig but he doesn't want to take the rest of the women. Furiosa insists that they come along, as she is guiding them to a location she calls the Green Place. When Furiosa explains that Joe's "gratitude" toward Max will probably be a slow, painful death, Max gives in and as they ride off in the war rig, Nux sneaks on board. During this leg of the chase, Max is able to remove his face mask with a file given to him by Furiosa. Furiosa drives the rig into a canyon where she has an arrangement with a group of biker bandits: they'll close the pass behind her with a rock slide to foil her pursuers in exchange for 3000 gallons of fuel, which she's towing in a trailer pod. She teaches Max the sequence of switches to throw to defeat the kill switch, then asks his name. He doesn't want to tell her, so she says "When I yell 'Fool', drive out of here fast." They spot Joe and his forces closing in. Furiosa gets out and shouts to the bikers that she's brought the 3000 gallons of fuel, as agreed, and she'll detach the pod. One of the bikers complains that she said there would be a few pursuers, but there are three large parties. Furiosa, dodging to put the rig between herself and the bikers, yells "Fool!" and manages, between bullets, to climb back on as Max drives the rig away. Though she never did detach the fuel trailer, the the bikers blow up the overpass, temporarily halting Joe's pursuit. As they race away, Furiosa and Max fight off the biker bandits. Immortan Joe, in his large-wheeled, off-road vehicle, is able to climb over the rockfall. Another chase ensues through the desert. The War Boys keep trying to overtake the rig while Joe catches up. He attempts to shoot at the rig until Splendid steps out as a human shield, and Joe cannot do a thing without hurting his potential son. Nux attempts to help Joe, who sprays chrome paint on Nux's mouth with the promise of bringing him to the gates of Valhalla if Nux succeeds. Almost immediately, Nux loses his gun in front of Joe, who continues driving with disappointment. Splendid tries climbing back to the front of the rig, but she falls off and is run over by Joe's car. The women tell Max to turn back, but when he tells Furiosa that Splendid went under the wheels, Furiosa says they must keep going. The others cry for Splendid. Behind them, Joe screams in rage while holding Splendid's body. Nux slips back into the rig with the promise of helping the women evade Joe. He lies on the floor, distraught that he has failed Joe yet again and has lost his chance of joining his personal army. Capable consoles him. At the front, Furiosa tells Max of the Green Place and how she was taken from it as a child. As they continue driving through the night, the rig becomes stuck in a large field of mud. The Bullet Farmer is not far behind them. Max shoots at him but misses, and then Furiosa gets a clean shot, taking out the Bullet Farmer's lights and blinding him. Nux suggests they attach the truck's winch cable to a nearby tree and pull the rig forward. Meanwhile, Joe's lieutenant the Organic Mechanic ( Angus Sampson ) takes Splendid's body, as she is near death, and he cuts the baby out of her abdomen. The baby is dead too, but he tells Joe that it was a boy. Joe tells his adult son Rictus ( Nathan Jones ) that he had a brother. Rictus screams proudly. The women continue trying to push the rig out of the mud while Max goes out to face the Bullet Farmer himself. A few bright flashes of explosions are seen in the distant fog and he returns shortly with the Bullet Farmer's blood on his face, along with a nice supply of guns and ammo. In the morning, the rig comes up to a tower where a naked woman, the Valkyrie ( Megan Gale ), is screaming for help. Max thinks it's a trap, but Furiosa steps out and tells the Valkyrie her mother's name and her affiliation with this clan. The Valkyrie climbs down the tower and puts on a robe. More older women, the Vuvalini, emerge. The eldest, Keeper of the Seeds ( Melissa Jaffer ), recognizes Furiosa. Furiosa tells them that she is taking the women from the Citadel to the Green Place, but Keeper of the Seeds informs her that the muddy swamp they passed through was the Green Place, and has long since become uninhabitable. Furiosa walks into the sand and falls on her knees, screaming in despair. The Vuvalini agree to help the women from the Citadel ride across the salt flats (the dried up ocean) in search of a home. Max, still haunted by the images of his wife and child, decides to help the women go back to the Citadel since Joe's greenery and water supply are currently unguarded. They also plan to trap Joe and his army in the canyons. The group rides back in the direction of the Citadel. Joe sees them with his telescope, knowing full-well what their plan is. He gathers his army and gives chase. The Vuvalini help fight back. The Valkyrie shoots at the War Boys while defending one of her own until she is run over. Max and Furiosa kill some of the War Boys, while Max gets Joe to kill the People Eater by using him as a human shield. Keeper of the Seeds is also killed when one of the War Boys cuts her neck. Toast is captured by Joe and held hostage. Furiosa is stabbed on Joe's vehicle and grows weaker as Joe and Rictus gain momentum. Toast distracts Joe long enough to give Furiosa an opportunity to hook Joe's mask onto the wheels of his car. She growls, "Remember me?" to him as the wheels rip the mask and part of Joe's face off, killing him. The rig then heads toward the canyon, with Rictus still trying to stop them. The women get off safely while Nux says goodbye to Capable and swerves against the canyon, sacrificing himself to kill Rictus and collapse the overpass to put an end to Joe's army. On the way back to the Citadel, Furiosa's lungs nearly collapse. Max punches a small hole in her side to give her air. She starts to lose consciousness, and Max gives her a transfusion of his own blood. He finally tells her his name as she closes her eyes. The group arrives at the Citadel. Max presents the people with Joe's mouthless corpse, making everyone cheer. They rip Joe's corpse apart and feed off him. The water supply is brought out, giving the people as much water as they need. Furiosa rises and apparently becomes the new leader. She and Max acknowledge each other with respect once more before he slips away into the crowd to continue down his own path. 