nm0000182:

 Maid in Manhattan (2002)321) A Senatorial candidate falls for a hotel maid, thinking she is a socialite, when he sees her trying on a wealthy woman's dress. Marisa Ventura is a single mother born and bred in the boroughs of New York City, who works as a maid in a first-class Manhattan hotel. By a twist of fate and mistaken identity, Marisa meets Christopher Marshall, a handsome heir to a political dynasty, who believes that she is a guest at the hotel. Fate steps in and throws the unlikely pair together for one night. When Marisa's true identity is revealed, the two find that they are worlds apart, even though the distance separating them is just a subway ride between Manhattan and the Bronx. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Marisa Ventura (Jennifer Lopez) has made a good life for herself and her ten-year-old son, Ty (Tyler Garcia Posey), even if they dont have a lot of money. One Saturday morning Marisa brings Ty to the Beresford. She asks a co-worker to keep an eye on him for her while she and another maid, Stephanie (Marissa Matrone), attend to their chores. One of the hotel guests, a spoiled socialite, Caroline Lane (Natasha Richardson), asks Marisa to return some designer clothes for her. After Caroline leaves, Stephanie coaxes Marisa into trying them on before taking them back to the store. In an uncharacteristically frivolous moment, Marisa slips into the chic, expensive outfits. Ty appears at the door with the handsome Christopher Marshall (Ralph Fiennes), an aspiring U.S. Senator and one of Manhattans most eligible bachelors. Ty has come to ask Marisas permission to walk through Central Park with Christopher and his dog Rufus. Christopher is immediately attracted to Marisa. Assuming she is a hotel guest, he asks her to join them. She is about to refuse, but Stephanie intervenes and accepts for her. Despite the obvious sparks between them, Marisa is reluctant to encourage Christopher, fearing shell lose all that shes worked so hard to build. But he pursues her, even though it could compromise his political career. As romance, mistaken identity and front-page gossip collide, Marisa and Christopher learn that the bigger your dreams, the better the chance they might come true. 
 Out of Sight (1998)321) A career bank robber breaks out of jail, and shares a moment of mutual attraction with a U.S. Marshal he has kidnapped. A career bank robber busts out of jail (Clooney) with the help of his buddy (Rhames) and kidnaps a US Marshal (Lopez) in the process. When the two cons head for Detroit to pull off their final big scam, the Marshal is put on their case but she finds she is attracted to one of them and has second thoughts about bringing them in. <97fa043@dvc.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jack Foley, a small-time crook and obviously agitated, walks out of an office building, rips his necktie off and throws it on the ground. He walks into a nearby bank and surveys the lobby for a few minutes. He walks up to a teller's window and informs the woman behind the counter that his accomplice is sitting with her manager and that if she doesn't follow his instructions, the man will shoot her boss. Foley tells her to empty the cash drawer of it's contents, leaving behind the bills on the very bottom of the piles. Foley assures her she's doing a good job, takes the money and walks out, stopping to talk momentarily to the man he identified as his accomplice. The man (a cameo by director Steven Soderbergh) has no idea who Foley is. Outside the bank, Foley tries to start his car, only to flood the engine in his desperation to flee the scene. A police officer, gun drawn, apprehends Foley, who submits without any altercation. The story jumps to two years before when Foley is a prisoner in Glades Correctional facility in Florida. Playing basketball with other inmates, he looks over the crowd of old-time "lifers" and seemingly reaches the conclusion that he doesn't want to end up like them. He spots a couple of fellow inmates, Chino and Lulu, jogging by. When he speaks to them later, he tells them he knows they are plotting an escape. Another security fence is being constructed just beyond the primary one just beyond the point where they plan to emerge once they've tunneled out. Foley tells them he's going with them in exchange for keeping silent about the breakout. Foley does tell a guard about the plan, telling the man to meet him in the prison chapel that night. In Miami, Karen Sisco, a US Marshall, has lunch with her father, a retired Marshall himself. He gives her a Sig-Sauer pistol as a birthday gift. He also questions her about a man she's been seeing, Ray Nicolette, another Marshall, who is married. Karen's father doesn't approve and she tells him to drop the subject. She also tells him that she has to go to Glades Correctional to follow up on a case. Karen arrives at Glades. Also arriving in the prison parking lot is Foley's longtime friend, Buddy, driving a stolen Cadillac. Lulu and Chino have already begun their escape from the prison chapel, while Foley stands watch. The guard Foley had told to come to the chapel arrives and Foley tells him to watch the fenceline. Foley grabs a large vase and hits the guard with it, knocking him out. Outside the fence, Sisco sees the men emerging from their tunnel and alerts the tower guards. Two men escape (one of them is Chino) and two more are shot. Foley surfaces, wearing the guard's uniform and tells the other guards that the tunnel is clear of escapees. Foley approaches Sisco, who wields a shotgun. Foley distracts Karen long enough for Buddy to grab her from behind and they throw her in the trunk of her car; Foley crawls in after her. Buddy drives them away. In the trunk, Foley and Karen have a lengthy conversation, largely about prisoners and movies. Buddy stops under a highway overpass where they are to meet another former convict, Glenn Michaels, who waits with another car. When Foley gets out of the trunk, Karen immediately opens fire with the pistol her father had given her. Foley manages to slam the trunk lid shut trapping her inside. They let her out when she promises to give herself up. They put Karen in the car with Glenn; Buddy and Foley talk for a few minutes about what to do with Karen. Foley is attracted to her, but Buddy doesn't believe she shares his feelings. Glenn suddenly drives off with Karen, leaving them both behind. Buddy and Jack return to Miami and go to Buddy's apartment. Foley draws a hot bath and relaxes. Karen appears, gun drawn and finds Foley in the tub. She looks him over briefly and moves in to arrest him when he suddenly opens his eyes and greets her. Karen wakes up in a hospital bed, her father next to her. He asks her what she was dreaming about and she asks him what she said. Her father says, "Hey back." Karen had been unconscious for a brief time and recounts to her boss, Burdon, what happened: in the car with Glenn, Karen, remembering Glenn from a previous prisoner transfer, had persuaded Glenn to leave Buddy and Foley behind. Glenn had complied but an argument had broken out between them about what route to take. With both of them panicky, Karen had grabbed the steering wheel trying to force Glenn to take an exit on the highway. The car spun out of control, hit a water barrier and Karen hit her head inside the car, giving her a slight concussion. Karen's inexperienced boss, Burdon, is somewhat incredulous. At Buddy's apartment, Jack goes through the contents of Karen's purse, finding a picture of her father. Buddy tries to persuade Jack that they need to leave town immediately, however, Jack wants to see Karen one last time. Jack calls her at home and they have a short conversation. She suggests he turn himself in which Jack refuses to do. Buddy suddenly starts talking in the background and Karen recognizes his voice. Their need to escape even more serious, Jack hangs up. On the television is a report about a squatter's camp being raided; Lulu is among the dead. Jack realizes that Lulu could be tied to Chino; in prison, Jack had told Chino about his former wife, Adele, and where she lived. Jack also realizes that it won't be long before the US Marshal's Office finds Adele. Adele worked for several years as a magician's assistant and Chino seems obsessed with the trick of sawing a woman in half, wanting to learn the secret from Adele herself. Chino finds Adele's apartment and goes there, however, Karen has gotten there first and asks Adele if she knows of Jack's whereabouts. Chino starts pounding on Adele's door. Karen gets Adele to stall and when Chino breaks in, Karen arrests and cuffs him immediately. She calls Burdon and asks to be part of the task force looking for Buddy and Jack. Burdon refuses, so Karen asks him if he'll allow her on the team if she brings in Chino. At Buddy's apartment building, Burdon and his team close in on Buddy's apartment and Burdon relegates Karen to standing watch in the lobby. Buddy and Jack have already exited the room and head down to the parking garage in the elevator. The elevator stops at lobby-level and Karen catches a glimpse of Jack, who sees her also. Buddy and Jack make it to the car and leave. Jack and Buddy drive to Detroit, intending to catch up with a fellow inmate, Maurice "Snoopy" Miller. They also plan to find another former inmate, Richard Ripley, a wealthy businessman who'd been serving time for embezzlement. While incarcerated, he'd spoken to Glenn about a small fortune he had in uncut diamonds that he kept in his Detroit home. Glenn, however, didn't keep the information secret and Snoopy also intends to rip off Ripley as well. While driving in a limo around Detroit, Snoopy tells Glenn that he's taking over the operation of the heist. Glenn is initially resistant but quite intimidated by Snoopy. Snoopy also demands that Glenn accompany them on a job where they'll kill a transvestite who competes with Snoopy over drug-dealing territory. Glenn does so and the job turns out to be more violent and terrifying than he ever thought, with Snoopy and his henchmen, one of whom is is brother-in-law, Kenneth. He goes with Snoopy to the Kronk Gym where Jack and Buddy meet up with them. They all agree to meet at a boxing match the next night to discuss the plan to steal Ripley's fortune. Karen arrives in Detroit and talks to an associate about finding Jack. The agent, Raymond Cruz, in the midst of cleaning up the crime scene left by Snoopy and Glenn earlier in the day, tells her he'll get an address. Karen goes to Snoopy's home and talks to his sister, Moselle, who says she hasn't seen Maurice for several months but he may show up at the boxing matches at the State Theatre the next night. Also at the house is Kenneth. He corroborates Moselle's story and sends her to the store. After Moselle leaves, he tries to force himself on Karen, who hits him with a compact police baton and leaves. Back at her hotel, Karen fends off the advances of a few businessmen at the hotel bar, pointing out to one of them that she knows he's married. Foley quietly appears & they share a drink together. They go back to her room and have sex. Karen leaves the bed and begins to question Foley's motives in having sex with her. He assures her that he was not out for a one-nighter. In the morning, he's gone and has left the Sig-Sauer pistol he'd taken from her in Florida. Glenn goes with Maurice to the State Theatre where they watch boxing bouts. Glenn asks to be excused to use the men's room and quickly bolts out of the State. While trying to hotwire the car Maurice had taken from him, finds Karen waiting for him. Glenn explains that he's really frightened of Maurice & just wants to get away from him. He also tells her that they're planning to rob Ripley's house. Karen lets Glenn go, believing he'll be no further trouble. Jack and Buddy case Ripley's house. While they sit in the car, Jack remembers meeting with Ripley at his Miami headquarters; in prison, Ripley had offered Jack a job with his corporation after he'd gotten out. Jack is angry to find out that Ripley expects him to take a lower-waged job as a security guard. Jack is furious, thinking Ripley owes him more because he'd protected him in prison. Ripley coldly counters by saying that Jack is a repentant criminal and not worthy of gainful employment. Jack is hustled out by security and walks toward the bank he robs in the first scene. After the fights at the State, Jack and Buddy meet Maurice's partners, Kenny and a hulking thug named White Boy Bob. Foley and Buddy immediately suspect that Snoopy will have them both killed once they've stolen Karen follows them. They drive to Ripley's mansion where Bob, posing as a plumber, forces himself in over the objections of Ripley's housekeeper, Midge. Maurice asks where Ripley is, Midge tells him he's in Florida for the winter. The crew forces her to take them to Ripley's safe in his bedroom. Maurice charges Foley and Buddy with checking the other rooms in the house. In Ripley's closet, Maurice finds the safe behind some suits. He, Kenny & Bob try to shoot it open; before they can open fire on their second try, Midge tells them the combination is Ripley's birth date. When they get the safe open they only find Ripley's hairpieces. Maurice leaves the room, looking for Foley. Jack enters Ripley's office and finds Ripley in a small bathroom on hold with 911. Buddy finds them both and Jack mentions that he knows that Ripley has hidden his stash of uncut diamonds in the large fish tank in the office. Jack has Buddy retrieve them and take them out to the van, believing they can slip away before Maurice finds them. Out at the van, Jack has an attack of conscience, believing that Maurice is going to kill both Ripley & Midge, possibly gang-raping Midge first. He tells Buddy to take the diamonds and go. Buddy gives him a pistol and drives off. Foley reenters the house and goes up to the bedroom. Kenny is in bed with Midge, forcing himself on her. When Foley calls to Midge, Kenny shoots through the door with his sawed-off shotgun, missing Foley. Foley rushes in and shoots Kenny dead, the first person he's ever killed. As Foley makes his way back to the main staircase, he's stopped by Bob. Bob begins to trot up the stairs, trips, and kills himself when his pistol goes off under his chin. Maurice rushes to the scene, shooting at Foley. When they both run out of shots, they begin to fight, Maurice quickly gaining the advantage with his boxing skill. Foley finds Kenny's gun, Maurice seizes Bob's, but isn't faster than Foley, who shoots him dead. Karen also shows up, telling Jack to surrender. Jack, not wanting to go back to prison, wants Karen to kill him but she refuses, shooting Jack in the leg. Jack is tackled by another cop and handcuffed. Within a few days, Jack is due to be transported back to Florida to face charges associated with his escape from Lompoc. He's put into a van that Karen will also ride in. Before they leave another prisoner, Hejira (a cameo by Samuel L. Jackson), is also put into the van. Jack asks him where he got his name; "Hejira" is the Arabic term for the prophet Muhammed's 7th Century flight from Mecca. Hejira goes on to tell Jack that he's escaped from prison at least nine times. Jack thinks that Karen put Hejira into the van with him because they'd "have a lot to talk about" during the long drive to Florida. They drive off, Karen smiling in the front seat. (This summary of the movie is not long enough to be suitable as a synopsis. Please add more information to complete the synopsis.) The story revolves around the relationship between a career bank robber, Jack Foley (George Clooney), and a U.S. Marshal, Karen Sisco (Jennifer Lopez). They are forced to share her car trunk during Foley's escape from a Florida prison. After he completes his getaway, Sisco chases Foley while he and his friends - his right-hand man, Buddy (Ving Rhames) and Glenn (Steve Zahn) - work their way north to Bloomfield Hills, a wealthy northern suburb of Detroit. There they plan to pay a visit to shady businessman Ripley (Albert Brooks), who foolishly bragged to them years before about a diamond stash at his mansion. But a vicious criminal (Don Cheadle) who also spent time in jail with Jack and Ripley, is planning on hitting up Ripley's mansion with his crew, consisting of (Keith Loneker) and (Isaiah Washington), as well. The question of whether Sisco is really pursuing Foley to arrest him or for love adds to "the fun" Foley claims they are having. 
 Hustlers (2019)211) Inspired by the viral New York Magazine article, Hustlers follows a crew of savvy former strip club employees who band together to turn the tables on their Wall Street clients. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2007, Destiny (Constance Wu) begins her job at a strip club. As the new girl, she makes a little bit of money, but after having to pay out multiple people at the club, there's not that much left over. She goes home to her grandmother who has raised her since she was abandoned by her mother as a child and uses the little money she has left to help take care of her. In the present day, Destiny is being interviewed by Elizabeth (Julia Stiles), a reporter working on an article about everything that happened with the strippers. Destiny tells her about meeting Ramona Vega (Jennifer Lopez) - one day at the club, she witnesses Ramona doing an incredible strip routine and making dollars upon dollars. Destiny follows Ramona up to the roof of the building where she's smoking a cigarette, and asks if she can have a light. Ramona wraps her in her fur coat since it's cold, and the two get to know each other a bit. Ramona offers to help Destiny learn the craft of stripping and learn how to make big money. With the help of Diamond (Cardi B), she teaches her the moves, but she also teaches her about the way of the land: what kind of men will pay what and how to maximize profits. The two become very close, and Destiny meet's Ramona's young daughter who she's single-handedly taking care of. Destiny takes after Ramona and starts doing very well financially, able to take care of her grandmother. She has clients buying her computers and taking excellent care of her. One night, Usher comes into the club, and the DJ plays Usher songs and all the girls - including Mercedes (Keke Palmer), Liz (Lizzo), Tracey (Trace Lysette) go out and dance for him. Destiny says it was one of the best times she ever had. Then, in 2008, the recession hits and hits Wall Street especially hard. Wall Street types were the bread and butter of the industry, and now many of them either have little or no many to spend or spend much less. The club becomes a bit of a ghost town. Destiny meets and starts dating a man who quickly gets her pregnant and she stops working at the club. In 2011, Destiny gets into a screaming breakup with her boyfriend and kicks him out for good. Now faced with providing for her daughter and her grandmother, Destiny calls her old client who bought her the computer - only to find he's now married and can't take give her anything. She tries to get a job in retail, but the interviewer finds her resume unimpressive. She reluctantly returns to the club, but finds it much different - the club mom (Mercedes Ruehl) explains that times have changed - many of her friends are gone, now replaced with Russian girls who will provide sexual favors (something the old girls didn't do) for cheaper than ever, and business is low - there's less money to be made. Destiny is in an extremely low place when she runs into Ramona, and the two happily reunite. They got out to a diner to catch up. Ramona tells her what she's been up to: Ramona and Mercedes had gotten regular jobs in retail, but the money was barely enough and Ramona's boss is degrading to her. One night at the club, Ramona finds Annabelle (Lili Reinhart), crying alone in the dressing room. Her family has disowned her after finding out she works there. Ramona saw a business opportunity - to go "fishing". Since there was no business in the club, she would go and find men to bring. She recruits Mercedes and Annabelle, and the three of them would go to a bar, find an eligible man, then ply him with drinks and bring him back to the club where they would run up his credit card and keep a percentage of whatever he spends. This worked pretty well, but sometimes Ramona would dose the man's drink with a mix of ketamine and MDMA (ecstasy) and then get him to the club and run up his credit card. Ramona asks Destiny if she wants in: she says yes, as long as no one gets hurt. Everything goes well. Ramona, Destiny, Mercedes and Annabelle are making wads of cash. They end up needing to recruit more girls to the team in order to handle all the business. Ramona has a lavish Christmas party for everyone, and Destiny brings her grandmother. They all give each other presents and laugh together, a makeshift family. But soon, around 2013, other girls start copying their business plan at the club. Ramona wonders why they have to cut the clubs in on anything, and decides instead to instead begin working out of hotels or other venues they control - more money, but also less safety. They have to recruit even more girls who they can't vet, like the shifty Dawn (Madeline Brewer). Ramona and Destiny argue over methods - Ramona will run up a guy's credit card to the limit on the first night, assuring he'll never come back, even though Destiny knows that man could have been a repeat client. Because of this, they burn through their regulars and have to find new, potentially untrustworthy clients. One night, Destiny gets a panicked call from Mercedes. A client on drugs jumped off his roof and missed his pool, landing on the concrete. Destiny tries to reach Ramona, but can't get a hold of her. Destiny and Annabelle go over and help Mercedes get the naked client into a car and they drop him off at the hospital. Destiny returns, in full a trashy outfit with blood on it, to drop her daughter off at school. After that full ordeal, she returns home to find her grandmother has passed away. At the funeral, Ramona holds Destiny as she cries. Elizabeth asks Destiny if Doug was the last straw for her - Doug was a genuinely nice guy who had been through a terrible series of events - his house was destroyed in a disaster and his wife abandoned him and his special-needs child. After the girls drug him and run up his credit card, he calls back, pleading with Destiny to refund his card so he can pay his mortgage. Destiny begins to feel bad and Ramona rips the phone away from her, calling her an ungrateful bitch. Doug, meanwhile, reaches out to the police. One of the cards they racked up was a corporate card and he has lost his job. They laugh him off initially, but he has evidence - a recording of his phone call with the girls. The police pick up Dawn and flip her incredibly easily - she wears a wire and participates in a sting operation. Another client comes forward, and eventually the police have enough evidence. They arrest Destiny, Ramona, Mercedes, and Annabelle. The police pressure Destiny that if she doesn't flip on the others, she'll never see her daughter again. Once they're released, Ramona tells Destiny she's getting them a lawyer, but Destiny tells her she took the deal, for her daughter. Ramona is furious at her, but mostly sad. The two hug and cry, knowing this is the end for them and their pseudo mother-daughter relationship, and Ramona leaves her behind. After the article comes out, Destiny calls Elizabeth, knowing she interviewed Ramona, and wants to know all the horrible things Ramona said about her. But Elizabeth tells her the truth - when she went to see Ramona, working at her new regular job, she still had a picture of Destiny in her wallet, like a proud mother. Destiny cries, and Elizabeth tells her she should reach out to her. In an on-screen closing text, we learn that Destiny avoided jail, Mercedes and Annabelle got probation and a few weekends in jail, and Ramona got five years probation. In the final shot, we see the four women joyfully dancing during their heyday of the scheme. 
 Second Act (2018)211) A big box store worker reinvents her life and her life-story and shows Madison Avenue what street smarts can do. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Maya Vargas (Jennifer Lopez) is about to turn age 40. She lives in Queens, New York and is an assistant manager at a value grocery store where she's worked for the last 15 years and implemented successful ideas, like the "Monday Momz" program. Her boyfriend Trey (Milo Ventimiglia) and best friend Joan (Leah Remini) are sure she's finally going to get the manager position, so she's incredibly disappointed when she arrives and finds that an outside manager, Arthur (Dan Bucatinsky) has been hired instead. Because Maya never went to college, she just can't be considered for the position. At Maya's surprise 40th birthday party, she's disappointed that her life didn't turn out to be more. She expresses to Joan and her godson, Joan's son Dilly (Dalton Harrod) that her birthday wish would be to have gone to a fancy school and done so many exciting things with her life. Later, at work, Arthur is driving Maya and the other employees crazy when Joan tells Maya she has received an interview for a job at the conglomerate Franklin and Clarke - Dilly, a computer genius who is soon going to Stanford, has set up resumes and interviews for her as a birthday present. Annoyed with Arthur, she takes the interview but is shocked when she gets sent up to the top floor to meet with Anderson Clarke (Treat Williams) himself. He is extremely impressed by her resume - which includes Harvard, Wharton, philanthropy, and the peace corps. Flabbergasted, Maya goes along with it. He's interested in having her consult for them and brings in his daughter Zoe (Vanessa Hudgens). His VP. Zoey is cold to Maya, and when Anderson asks Maya for her real thoughts on some of their product lines, she gives them some real talk about their beauty products, which were not as successful as they wanted - which ruffles Zoe's feathers. Maya finds out she's been hired for the consulting job, but she at first can't imagine saying yes. Joan tells her she got the interview on a lie but got hired because of herself. When Arthur begins being difficult once again, she triumphantly quits. Trey is concerned about her going in because of the lie, but Maya decides she needs to do it. Trey has wanted a family for a long time, and Maya seems uneasy and unwilling every time he brings it up, but won't say why. Trey says they want different things and breaks up with her. Maya starts her job, and because of her comments in her interview, the product line getting revamped is the beauty line. Maya thinks they need to make all natural products, but Zoe insists they couldn't make it work and that they have an existing line - launching a new one would be too costly. Zoe wants to make their current line more organic, Maya wants to go all natural, so two competing teams are set up and given ten weeks to come up with a new product and pitch. As part of the job, Maya gets a new wardrobe and a massive new apartment. Joan presses her about the breakup with Trey and says Maya needs to stop punishing herself for giving up the baby she had when she was seventeen. Since the rowing team was listed on her resume, Anderson asks Maya to be the lead at a company rowing event. Maya completely messes up and causes the boat to crash, but Anderson finds the whole thing funny. Ron (Freddie Stroma), another co-worker, finds it suspicious and begins sniffing out Maya's references. Maya is also asked to speak Mandarin at a dinner with a Chinese distributor - and so Joan's veterinarian friend translates for her in her ear, causing some hi-jinks. After that dinner, Zoe softens a little and offers to send Maya her previous research on all natural products. Anderson calls Zoe into his office to tell her something important. When Maya goes to her apartment to get the files, she sees a lot of art on the walls - Zoe was in art school before leaving to join the company after her mother died, feeling her father needed her around. However, Zoe was adopted and reveals that she has just found out that Maya is her birth mother. The two are overjoyed to be reunited, and spend a lot of time together, growing very close. Maya was living in foster care and couldn't take care of Zoe, and is so relieved to see her doing so well. She encourages Zoe to return to art school. Anderson reveals that he had gone looking for Zoe's birth mother and found Maya online - which is when he saw her resume and called her in for an interview just to meet her, but he was impressed enough to hire her. Maya has the idea to make their all-natural product all in one, and her team continues working on it, still having trouble making it work. At the company Christmas party, Zoe's assistant Ariana (Charlyne Yi) and product scientist Chase (Alan Eisenberg) - who have had an ongoing flirtation - finally kiss. Ron, however, implies that he knows Maya is full of it and tells her that her product is going to be a "disaster" - which gives Maya another idea, to use silver gingko tree plants, which survived the disaster of Hiroshima. The product is finally working, and the two sides present their products. That night, at Joan's birthday party, Maya sees Trey again. He knows about Zoe, and tells her she didn't need to keep it from him and that no relationship can be based on a lie. Anderson tells Maya that her product has been chosen and that she has been selected to present it on a huge televised event. Meanwhile, Ron finally gets confirmation that Maya has faked her resume. Maya is giving her speech as Ron enters, ready to tell Anderson everything, but Maya does it herself in the speech, revealing the truth. She apologizes to Anderson and Zoe, but that without the lie a person like her would have never had the opportunity. She leaves, quitting. Outside, Zoe approaches her, extremely hurt, and wondering if it was all a lie. Maya insists it wasn't. Zoe is angry at her for leaving her again, but Maya says that no relationship can be built on a lie. Zoe angrily tells her she's returning to London for art school. A year later, Maya has made Monday Momz into a successful business (and app, with Dilly's help). Joan and her other friends from the value store all work with her there now, and she's even still friendly with Anderson. Trey comes to see her and makes her promise to never lie to him again, and they get back together. He asks if her if she wants to start a family, and she says that HE is her family - so of course. Finally, Zoe completes school from London and returns. Maya goes to see her and asks if they can start over. After a moment, Zoe agrees, and the two go on a run together. 