nm0005211:

 Young Justice (2010 )Summaries Teenage superheroes strive to prove themselves as members of the Justice League. Within the Justice League, its members' teen sidekicks push for full membership, but it's only after they successfully investigate Cadmus, in which they find and free its secret young clone of Superman, Kon-El (Nolan North), is the League convinced. In response, the League organizes the teenagers into an apprentice team to be both trained and act on behalf of the League at their own pace. Now these teen superheroes, soon strengthened by more members, must battle the forces of evil in their own way, even as the mysterious cabal known only as The Light has a sinister agenda of their own. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Speechless... (2001)Summaries A young woman tries to open up to a mute boy to get him to speak. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Wonder Years (19881993)44) Kevin Arnold recalls growing up during the late 60s and early 70s; the turbulent social times make the transition from child to adult unusually interesting. The series depicts the social and family life of a boy in a typical American suburban middle-class family from 1968 to 1973, covering the ages of 12 through 17. Each year in the series takes place exactly 20 years before airing (1988 to 1993). The show's plot centers on Kevin Arnold, son of Jack and Norma Arnold. Kevin's father holds a management job at NORCOM, a defense contractor, while his mother is a housewife. Kevin also has an older brother, Wayne, and an older sister, Karen. Two of Kevin's friends and neighbors are prominently featured throughout the series: his best friend, Paul Pfeiffer, and his crush-turned-girlfriend Gwendolyn "Winnie" Cooper. Storylines are told through Kevin's reflections as an adult in his mid-30s.. An adult Kevin Arnold reminisces on his teenage years spent growing up during the late 60s and early 70s. As he goes from adolescence to adulthood, he experiences, along with his best friend Paul and sometimes-girlfriend Winnie, the full range of trials and traumas that come in just about everyone's life. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> This 1988-1993 period dramedy takes place during the turbulent times of the late 1960s and 1970s. The show focuses on Kevin Arnold, a young teenager living in a quiet middle-class suburb, and his family and friends. Throughout the series' five-year run, Kevin deals with middle and high school, encounters puberty, has ups and downs with childhood sweetheart Winnie Cooper, deals with annoying older brother Wayne, and hangs out with geeky-but-lovable Paul. The series is told from Kevin's point-of-view. Allison L. Venezio <YankeeSNL01@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Wrong Woman (2013 TV Movie)Summaries A woman is falsely accused of a crime. Ellen Plainview, a sweet, caring, working wife and mother, answers the door one afternoon to learn that she is under arrest for attempted murder. She enters a legal nightmare as the evidence against her accumulates until it is overwhelming. Her friends and even her policeman husband begin to doubt her innocence, to the point where even she wonders if she somehow committed the violent horrible crime without remembering it. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 