nm0010340:

 Day Shift (2005)Summaries Reality shifts in this short comedy where the roles between whites and Latinos are inverted. Julio Perez is just trying to have a normal day-unfortunately, he doesn't live in a normal world. Now that the Latinos are in charge, police look like gang members, illegal Canadians sell fruit by the street corners and getting to work has become a huge pain the a**... Carolina Paiz It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Reno 911! (2003 )Summaries An irreverent look at what goes on behind-the-scenes in Reno, Nevada's Sheriff's Department. The lives of seven incompetent Reno sheriff's deputies are detailed in this "Cops" style parody. Among the colorful characters are Lt. Jim Dangle, the short shorts-wearing, flamboyantly gay supervisor; Deputy James Garcia, who makes police brutality an art form; Deputy Trudy Wiegel, the manic depressive, socially awkward officer; Deputy Clementine Johnson, the skanky former magician's assistant; Deputy Travis Junior, the redneck who is never seen without his kevlar vest and sunglasses; Deputy S. Jones, the semi-competent ladies' man; and Deputy Raineesha Williams, the bootylicious black cop with an attitude. Gibborino It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Neighborhood (2004)Summaries Haunted by his past, a poetic gangster has to survive the hardships getting out of the neighborhood as the barrio drug lord hires a hitman to pit his crew against a rival gang. Choices must be made between his new Familia and his childhood friends. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Groove (2000)Summaries An inside look into one night in the San Francisco underground rave scene. On Friday, a single e-mail blips through the Internet. The word spreads quickly through the city: the party is on. Saturday evening, two hundred people secretly converge at an abandoned San Francisco warehouse. As the sun sets the records start spinning, setting into motion a night that no one will forget. Meet David Turner, a Midwest transplant. He moved to the city with aspirations of starting his career as a writer but his hopes have stalled. After four years he finds himself writing instruction manuals for a computer company. Overworked and with little social life, David spends his time alone, his dream of being a novelist a distant memory. That night, his brother Colin Turner invites him to GROOVE. Colin has a surprise for his new girlfriend, young raver sprite Harmony Stitts, and he wants David there. David reluctantly agrees and is shocked when Colin proposes to Harmony at the party. In the ensuing celebration, they take Ecstasy and suddenly, David is thrust into the world of the San Francisco underground. In a chance encounter, David meets longtime New York raver Leyla Heydel and makes an unlikely connection. Through their budding relationship, they're reminded of a sense of possibility and freedom in their lives they had all but forgotten. But as the party rages on, Colin reveals a deep secret, one that threatens to destroy his relationship with Harmony. When the sun rises the party disappears, and the chaos of the last twelve hours changes the two brothers forever. Gregory Harrison An underground rave in San Francisco is the meeting point for many people from different social backgrounds and beliefs. Throughout the night and the many DJ's performing in the party, they will discover love, friendship and many other emotions that will change their lives forever. wolf beautell It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 