nm0000492:

 Short Cuts (1993)321) The day-to-day lives of several suburban Los Angeles residents. While helicopters overhead spray against a Medfly infestation a group of Los Angeles lives intersect, some casually, some to more lasting effect. Whilst they go out to concerts and jazz clubs and even have their pools cleaned, they also lie, drink, and cheat. Death itself seems never to be far away, even on a fishing trip. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens as a fleet of helicopters sprays for medflies, revealing all the characters along the path of their flight. Dr. Ralph Wyman and his wife, Marian, meet another couple, Stuart and Claire Kane, at Zoe Trainer's cello concert and make a spontaneous Sunday dinner date. Marian's sister Sherri is married to philandering cop Gene, who makes up unbelievable stories to hide his affair with Betty Weathers. Betty is in the process of divorcing one of the helicopter pilots, Stormy. Waitress Doreen Piggot is married to an alcoholic limo driver named Earl. TV commentator Howard Finnigan lives with his wife Anne and their young family next door to Zoe and her mother, cabaret singer Tess Trainer. Their pool cleaner is Jerry Kaiser, whose wife, Lois, works from home as a phone sex operator, tending to the children while she talks off strange men. Jerry and Lois are friends with Doreen's daughter, Honey and her husband Bill, who works as a makeup artist. The day before Casey Finnigan's 9th birthday, Doreen hits him with her car. Casey appears fine, and refuses Doreen's offer of a ride home, because she is a stranger. His mother comes home from ordering his birthday cake to find Casey slumped lethargically on the couch. Howard convinces her to take Casey to the hospital, where he remains unconscious. The baker calls the next day to inform Ann that the cake is ready, but Howard, wanting to keep the line free, briskly ends the conversation. The baker immediately calls back, incensed at being hung up on. While the Finnigans maintain their vigil, the baker continues to call and harass the couple. Howard's estranged father turns up at the hospital and recalls that Casey's hospitalization is reminiscent of the day that Howard had an accident as a boy. When Howard's mother went to her sister's house, she found her in bed with Howard's father, whom her sister had seduced. That lead to the estrangement between father and son. Stuart and his two buddies, Gordon and Vern, harass Doreen at the diner before they head out on their three-day fishing trip. On the first day, they find a young woman's dead body submerged near some rocks. After some debate, they decide to tie her to the rocks, continue fishing, and report the body when they are done. When he comes home, he eventually admits what they had done to Claire, and she is disgusted that they could fish for days with the woman's body nearby. The body is identified as a 23-year old woman, and Claire goes to her funeral out of a sense of guilt. Stormy visits Betty's house, ostensibly to pick up his mother's clock, but instead, he spends the day destroying Betty's belongings. Bill and Honey entertain themselves in the apartment that they are watching while its owners are on vacation by taking some pictures of Honey where Bill has made her up to look like she has been brutally beaten. Gene abandons the family dog on a strange street because he cannot endure its barking, but after several days of his distraught children's inquiries, he returns to the neighborhood and retrieves the dog. The Wymans get into a massive argument just before their dinner party with the Kanes. Marian admits to sleeping with another man. Both couples alleviate their stress by drinking copiously, and the party lasts all night long. One day, Casey's eyes begin to flutter. Ann's excitement grows, but just as he appears to be fully waking, he suddenly dies. Seeing this and being overwhelmed, Howard's father, Paul Finnigan, leaves the hospital while the distraught couple returns home and informs Zoe of Casey's death. The next day, they go to the bakery to shame the baker over his abuse of them. When he learns why they never picked up the cake, he asks them to stay and gives them baked goods. Zoe, worn to the breaking point by her mother's alcoholism and her isolation, commits suicide by starting the car engine inside the garage and getting asphyxiated while she's playing the cello. Later that day, her mother discovers that Zoe's dead and is bewildered. When Honey picks up the pictures from the developer, they are mixed up with Gordon's. Gordon is horrified to see the pictures of Honey beaten so badly, while she is horrified of the pictures he took of the submerged body on his fishing trip. They each walk away from each other memorizing the other person's license plates. Honey and Bill are on their way to a picnic with Jerry and Lois. In the park, Jerry and Bill try to hook up with two young women they encountered earlier, and Bill quickly makes an excuse to divvy up into couples. As he and one of the girls walk away from Jerry and the other, they hear her scream. They turn around to see Jerry hitting her in the head with a rock, just as a major earthquake strikes. The film ends as all the characters are shown during the earthquake. In the aftermath, Jerry's murder of the girl is attributed to a falling rock during the earthquake, and the implication is that he may also be responsible for the submerged body in the river. 
 Single White Female (1992)431) A woman advertising for a new roommate finds that something very strange is going on with the tenant who decides to move in. When a 'Single White Female' places an ad in the press for a similar woman to rent a room (to replace the boyfriend she's just left), all the applicants seem weird. Then along comes a level headed woman who seems to be just right. The new lodger has a secret past which haunts her. Rob Hartill Alison "Allie" Jones is a software designer in New York City. While her professional star is on the rise -- she has created a computer software package that will revolutionize the fashion world -- her personal life is a mess. Allie banishes her fianc Sam Rawson from her rent-controlled apartment on Manhattan's Upper West Side, after discovering that he slept with his ex-wife. Allie finds platonic comfort in her neighbor Graham Knox, an aspiring actor with a sensitive shoulder to lean on. Realizing that the only way to hold on to her apartment is to find a roommate, Allie places an ad and interviews a succession of unsuitable candidates before settling on the shy Hedra "Hedy" Carlson, the ideal roomie in Allie's eyes. Hedy quickly fills the void left in Allie's life by Sam's departure. Allie is only too happy to allow Hedy to cook and clean for her. Their friendship deepens when Hedy brings home an adorable and -- unknown to Allie -- very expensive puppy. Allie later discovers the receipt and confronts Hedy, but Allie can't bring herself to part with the puppy. Unknown to Allie, Hedy erases Sam's phone messages when he calls to plead for a reconciliation. Before long, she's even begun dressing the same way Allie does. Allie passes off this strange behavior as that of an insecure but well-intentioned woman. When Allie reconciles with Sam about a month after Hedy moved into the apartment, Allie and Sam toy with the idea of Sam moving into the apartment with Allie. Hedy goes over the edge, knowing that this means that she would have to move out of the apartment. One afternoon, while Allie and Sam are out of the apartment, the puppy, which Allie has grown to love, plunges mysteriously to its death from a window. And before long, Hedy's closet contains the exact same clothes as Allie's, and Hedy has even had her hair cut and dyed to match Allie's look, resulting in a startling resemblance between Allie and Hedy, with height being virtually the only difference. More than a little unnerved, a suspicious Allie talks to Graham. Graham advises Allie to get Hedy to move out of the apartment. Allie begins to investigate Hedy's background. Allie goes into Hedra's room and looks through her possessions, and discovers that Hedy is not who she claims to be -- Hedy's real name is Ellen Besch. Years ago, when Ellen was 9-years-old, Ellen's twin sister Judy drowned at a family picnic. An absolutely devastated Ellen hasn't been the same since Judy's death. The bond between siblings can be strong, but it can be especially strong with twins. For years, Ellen's parents tried to explain to her that Judy's death was not her fault, but Ellen never forgave herself for living while Judy died. Ellen, who had undergone futile counseling, had been looking for a female companion so Ellen could have a friend to replace Judy. That's why Ellen tries to look exactly like whatever roommate she had at the moment...so it would be like Ellen still had a twin sister. Before moving in with Allie, Ellen had lived with a woman in Tampa. That didn't work out, so Ellen killed the woman and went to New York, later moving in with Allie. Now, as Ellen becomes progressively more dangerous, Allie must find a way to free herself from Ellen before Allie ends up like the woman in Tampa. Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening shot, two young twin girls, about 8-years old, are playing with their mother's make-up. Years later, an old apartment building in New-York on a quiet summer night. In her apartment, Allison "Allie" Jones (Bridget Fonda) is making love with her fianc, Sam Rawson (Steven Weber), who has divorced his first wife. They are making plans for their wedding. Later in the night, the phone rings. It's Sam's former wife, Lisa. Because of a problem with the answering machine, Allison can hear everything Lisa is saying to Sam. And she learns that Sam visited Lisa in the afternoon and had sex with her. Sam hangs up the phone and starts a very heated argument with Allison. In the apartment above Allison's, Graham Knox (Peter Friedman), who is gay, and who is also Allison's best and only friend in the building, can hear the conversation between Allison and Sam through the old ventilation system of the building. A few minutes later, Allison rings Graham's doorbell. She has just kicked Sam out of her apartment and out of her life, and she is crying. She asks Graham to let her sleep in his spare bedroom. In the morning, Graham wakes Allison around 10 a.m., which means she is late for her appointment. This appointment is with Mitchell Myerson (Stephen Tobolowsky) in a restaurant. Allison expects to sell Mitchell her new computer program for designing woman's dresses. But Mitchell wants to buy it cheaper than what Allison expected. Back home, Allison has a long conversation with Graham in the building's laundry room. She informs him of her decision to find a room-mate. Allison puts an ad in a newspaper to find a room mate. The ad starts with: "Single White Female seeks female to share apartment", which explains the title of the film. Because the apartment is a rent-stabilized one, the room-mate would never be able to come on the lease. Several applicants answer the newspaper ad. A very butch girl, who wants to starts redecorating the place. A lesbian, who tries to seduce Allison. A neurotic girl who doesn't stop talking. The last one seems to be the perfect applicant. Allison is ready to call this perfect applicant back, when she sees Sam's picture on the fridge door, and she start crying. The front door was still open and another applicant comes in: she introduces herself as Hedra "Hedy" Carlson (Jennifer Jason Leigh). When she sees Allison crying, she wants to make some tea, but the kitchen water faucet breaks and both girls get showered. While Hedra's clothes are drying, Allison gets to know her better, and decides to take her as a roommate. Allison shows Hedra the basement of the building, including the private locked "cages" where each tenant can stow his stuff, and the incinerator room, which is not supposed to be used by the tenants. She also explained how to use the old elevator, the inner door of which frequently gets stuck and needs the use of a screwdriver hanging on a chain in the elevator cabin. Hedra gets herself settled in Allison's apartment, and the two girls seem to like each other more and more. Allison even helps Hedra to buy nicer clothes. She also gives her a lampshade to put on the lamp in her room, and Hedra gives Allison a pair of earrings that Allison seemed to like. During a conversation between the two girls, Hedra mention she had a twin sister who was stillborn. Allison refuses to take Sam on the phone when he calls her. Hedra keeps a mysterious shoebox, which she is very cautious to hide out of Allison's view. Sam calls while Allison is away, and Hedra erases his message from the answering machine. Hedra buys a Labrador puppy, and pretends that it was given to her on the market. Allison wants Hedra to bring the puppy back to the people who gave it to her. But, during the night, the puppy, who is alone in the kitchen, starts yapping and crying, and Allison takes it with her in her room. Hedra, hidden behind her room's door, watches the whole scene. Allison works a lot on her computer program, and doesn't see Graham as much as she used to. Graham asks her to take care of his cat while he is away for the week-end and gives her his apartment keys. When Allison gets back home, she finds that Sam forced his way in her apartment. Hedra feels bad about it and leaves Sam and Allison alone in the apartment. From the bookshop where she works, Hedra tries to call Allison, but Allison doesn't answer because she is making love with Sam. The same evening, Hedra watches TV alone in the apartment and kicks the puppy away. Meanwhile, Sam and Allison are having sex in the Atherton Hotel, where Sam is staying. When Allison comes back home, she finds Hedra in her room with the puppy. Hedra is very upset, but suddenly she notices the engagement ring on Allison's finger. She understands she will have to move away from the apartment. In Mitchell's office, Allison asks him to set up a demo of her computer program for people who could be interested by it. Sam is sleeping with Allison in her bed and Allison gets up to fetch some water from the bathroom. When she comes back, she finds Hedra talking and laughing with Sam. Later in the night, Allison is awaken by a strange noise and she peeks in Hedra's room where Hedra is masturbating on her bed. Allison is forced to run back to her bed and jump in when she makes a noise. Hedra knows she has been watched by Allison. The next morning, Sam is fixing a broken piece of the balustrade on the balcony, while Hedra is cooking some eggs. When Allison comes out of her room, all dressed up, she is not very happy to find Sam and Hedra having breakfast together. When Hedra asks Allison what she wants her to fix for dinner, Allison answers that Sam and herself will be eating out. After Sam and Allison's departure, the puppy remains behind the front door yapping, and doesn't respond to Hedra's calls and offers of food. Sam and Allison visit a vacant apartment in New York. When they come back home, they find that the puppy has fallen from the balcony and is dead. Apparently, Sam had not fixed the balustrade very well and the puppy was able to squeeze itself through the gap in the balustrade. Hedra gives Allison some pills to help her go to sleep after the puppy's death. Allison asks Sam not to cancel the business trip he had planned. In the morning, Allison is still asleep when the phone rings. It's Mitchell who is waiting for her for the demo they had planned. While choosing what she is going to wear, Allison discovers that Hedra has bought exactly the same clothes as her. After the demo, Mitchell and Allison are alone in Mitchell's office, and Mitchell tries to rape Allison who hits him very hard with both fists in his private parts. She runs away while Mitchell is lying of the floor very much in pain. Back in her apartment, Allison tells Hedra what happened with Mitchell, and Hedra gives Allison some pills. Then she calls Mitchell in his home, pretending she is Allison, and warns him not to try anything against Allison or his family "will get fucked". Hedra takes Allison to her hair stylist and, without Allison knowing, asks the stylist to give her exactly the same red color and the same hairdo as Allison. Allison is not very happy about it. Back home, while Hedra is in the bathroom, Allison searches Hedra's bedroom and finds the shoebox. Inside the shoebox, she finds documents proving that Hedra's real name is Ellen Besch, and that her twin sister didn't die at birth, but drowned when she was nine. She also finds a love letter that Sam had written to Allison and that Hedra has intercepted without telling Allison about it. That evening, Allison wants to talk with Graham about what she has found, but Graham is out. While she is going back to her apartment, she sees Hedra leaving the building in a taxi cab. She follows her in another taxi cab. Still followed by Allison, Hedra enters a very strange nightclub, where some rich people are watching a private sex show, where a man is kept in a cage, and where Hedra is called "Allison" by the bartender. Later that night, Allison comes back to Graham's apartment, and explains the whole situation to him. Graham advises her to get rid of Hedra. But Hedra, back in Allison's apartment, hears the whole conversation through the ventilation system. While Allison and Graham are talking, Hedra enters Graham's apartment (apparently using the key Graham gave Allison to take care of his cat) without anyone noticing her. Back home, Allison puts duct tape on the air vents, because Graham has explained her the acoustic problem of the ventilation system. So she cannot hear what is going on in Graham's apartment. When Graham finds Hedra in his apartment, he tries to persuade her to listen to him, but she brutally attacks him with the metal safety bar of the front door, and leaves him apparently dead on the floor. Allison is trying to reach Hedra's father on the phone, but only gets an answering machine. When she hears Hedra coming back in the apartment, she puts the phone down. Hedra doesn't say a word and go straight into the bathroom. Worried by Hedra staying such a long time under the shower, Allison enters the bathroom and discovers Hedra's blood-stained clothes soaking in the basin. Hedra pretends she had unexpected menstruation. Back in her bedroom, Hedra tells Allison she is "so fucking weak" to go back with Sam. Allison is so shocked that she doesn't answer the phone. Hedra does it and hears her father (who calls her Ellen) asking her to come back home. She slams the phone down and pretends it was an obscene call. When she wants to keep the phone out of its hook, Allison tells her she is expecting a very late call from Sam, coming back to New-York. Later in the night (past 2:00 a.m.), Hedra, who has taken the phone set with her in her room, answers Sam's call from the Atherton Hotel. Sam tells her to tell Allison he has called but not to wake her up. Hedra enters Sam's hotel room in the night, just wearing a raincoat over her naked body. She comes into Sam's bed, and performs oral sex on him while he is still half-asleep. When he eventually wakes up and realizes who is in his bed, it is too late. He is too close from his orgasm and comes into Hedra's mouth. Hedra and Sam then start an argument. When eventually Sam wants to call Allison to tell her the truth, Hedra kills him by thrusting one of the heels of her stiletto-heeled shoes deep into his eye. The tip of the heel must have reached into Sam's brain, because he immediately falls unconscious on the floor. When Hedra goes out of the hotel, the night clerk says "Goodnight, Miss Jones" to her. The next morning, Hedra is getting ready to leave, cleaning the whole apartment spotless. She then takes a suitcase, a cardboard box and a large paper bag down in the basement to put them in Allison's private "cage". Actually she is going in the basement to burn, in the incinerator, all the clothes that makes her look like Allison. While Hedra is away, Allison starts cooking breakfast. She stops when she hears the morning news on TV : a white male has been found murdered in room 612 in the Atherton Hotel. After she got confirmation that Sam has been murdered by calling the hotel, she goes in the bathroom to vomit in the toilet bowl. Meanwhile, in the basement, Hedra is taking a gun out of the boot where she had hidden it, and puts it in her large paper bag. In the bathroom, Allison sees the blood on one of the heels of Hedra's shoes, and understands what happened. When Hedra comes back from the basement, Allison tells her she wants to go and see Graham, even though she in only wearing a very thin sleeveless night shirt over her naked body. Hedra persuades her to get properly dressed before she goes out of the apartment. While Allison is getting dressed, Hedra comes into her bedroom, wearing black gloves, and tells Allison that she is aware that she knows about Sam's death. Hedra confesses having killed Sam, but pretends it was just an accident. When Allison tells her to go to the police, Hedra reminds her that no one, in the building, knows she lives there, and that she is not even on the lease, and also that she has cleaned off all her potential fingerprints. The police will certainly think it is Allison who killed Sam. Threatening Allison with her gun, Hedra forces her to go to Graham's apartment. There she ties Allison on an armchair with duct tape, and gags her with a piece of tape. Then, she dyes her hair from red to her natural black, not too look like Allison anymore. She then switches the TV on and puts the remote control near Allison's tied hand on the armrest of the armchair. She explains she has to go and cash a check. As soon as Hedra is gone, Allison moves the TV sound up to its highest level, and she selects a channel showing a very noisy rock music concert (hoping to attract help). In the bank, while Hedra is cashing her check under her real name of Ellen Besch, a clerk tells her that her father called, and wants her to call him back. She runs away from the bank. Meanwhile, one of Graham's neighbor has been complaining about the TV loud volume to the building manager, who comes with his spare keys to open Graham's door. Hedra comes out of the elevator just in time to stop him from entering the apartment. After she has got rid of the building manager, Hedra switches the TV off and slaps Allison in the face for nearly getting caught. She goes out of the room and comes back with a big kitchen knife, which she puts on Allison throat. She tears the tape gag off Allison's mouth to listen to what Allison wants to tell her. Actually Allison just kisses her on the mouth. Hedra seems not to understand the situation anymore and starts crying on Allison's lap. While stroking Hedra's hair, Allison sees Graham's wallet lying on the floor close to her foot, and kicks it away. That evening in Mitchell's office, all the important data on the program installed by Allison are starting to erase themselves. A warning message explains that, if Allison is not paid within 24 hours, all the data will be irretrievably lost. Back in Graham's apartment, where Allison is making a plane reservation from New York to Los Angeles with Graham's computer over the Internet. She tells Hedra they will pay with Graham's credit card, and send her to get Graham's wallet in the living-room. In Mitchell's office, since he cannot reach any one of the phone number Allison gave him, Mitchell decides to go himself to Allison's place. At Graham's apartment, while Hedra is looking for Graham's wallet, Allison is typing an SOS message on the computer. But Hedra comes back in the room before the message is sent. She switches the computer off and points her gun on Allison's frightened face. Instead of shooting her (aware that Graham's neighbors will hear the gunshot), Hedra instead knocks Allison out by striking her on her forehead with the butt of the pistol. Hedra takes the elevator down to the basement, while Mitchell is waiting for it in the lobby. In Allison's private "cage" in the basement, Hedra selects a very large suitcase, inside which she can fit herself and brings it back to the elevator. On the 11th floor, Mitchell enters the elevator where Hedra is traveling back from the basement and they ride together to the 12th floor, Graham's floor. When Mitchell sees Hedra opening Graham's door, he explains he wants to see Graham's friend, Allison. Hedra tells him Graham is away on a cruise, but Mitchell recognizes Allison's suitcase, hears Allison's moaning coming from inside the apartment, brutally pushes Hedra out of his way, rushes into the apartment, and slams the door behind him. Mitchell finds Allison lying on the floor, all tied up and gagged with duct tape. He kneels down and starts by taking the gag off, but Hedra enters the room, pointing her gun towards him. Mitchell slowly stands up, and suddenly snatches the gun off Hedra's hands, and throws her across the room, where she remains unconscious on the floor. Mitchell then starts to untie Allison, but Hedra comes back behind him and hits him on the head with a heavy statuette. She gets her gun back, puts a cushion on Mitchell's head to use as a supressor and kills him by shooting him in the face, twice. In the bathroom, Graham, lying in the bathtub, slowly comes back to life. Meanwhile, Hedra is dictating a suicide note to Allison, who writes it on the computer. Hedra presses Allison's hand on the computer screen for her fingerprints to be found by the police. Then she gives her a glass of water and a handful of blue pills. Allison smashes the glass in Hedra's face, and the two girls start fighting. Eventually, Allison smashes Hedra's hand through the window pane, and Hedra drops her gun. Then Allison slashes Hedra's chest with a piece of broken glass from the window, and rushes out of the room. While Allison is fumbling with the locks and the safety bar of the front door, Hedra comes back behind her, pointing her gun towards her. But Graham jumps on Hedra and throws her on the floor. They start fighting, but Hedra is still holding her gun and trying to shoot Graham. Allison pulls her by the legs out of the apartment and on the landing, and slams the door behind her. Allison runs towards the elevator, but Hedra shoots her in the shoulder. But is is only a minor injury because Allison keeps on running and reaches the elevator. She closes the inner door of the cabin, but Hedra points her gun through the vertical bars of the telescopic inner door. Allison squeezes Hedra's hand between the vertical bars, and Hedra drops her gun. Allison picks it up, but she cannot shoot Hedra, because the gun is either empty or has jammed. Hedra enters the cabin, and while the cabin moves slowly down to the basement, the two girls start brutally fighting with them punching, slapping and kicking each other in the small compartment. Eventually Hedra succeeds in strangling Allison unconscious. Hedra pulls the unconscious Allison by the legs out of the elevator, and across the basement empty corridors. She blocks the emergency staircase door with a heavy metal cabinet, and switches the elevator machinery off. Then she goes into the incinerator room to reactivate the fire. When Hedra comes back, with a wheelbarrow, to the place where she had left the unconscious Allison, she discovers that Allison woke up and is gone. She starts looking around for her. She finds a big metal hook in a closet and takes it. Allison is actually hiding in a large metal box, near the ceiling. This box is part of the ventilation system. A rat, frightened by the noise Hedra is making, walks along a pipe towards Allison's hiding place. Just as the rat reaches her, Allison throws it down on Hedra's shoulder. Hedra looks up at the ventilation metal box, but it seems empty. Hedra goes back into the incinerator room, and looks into the ventilation metal box there, thinking that this is where Allison is hiding. But actually Allison is watching her, hidden behind a wall. Hedra keeps looking around. She thinks Allison is hiding in a large closet, but Allison falls upside down, her legs hooked in the pipework running near the ceiling, and stabs Hedra in the back with the screwdriver from the elevator cabin. She gets down on her feet, and stabs her again. Hedra dies on the floor, and Allison closes her eyelids. Some weeks later. Allison has moved into the apartment she had visited with Sam just before the puppy's death. In voice over, she explains that she is trying to forgive Hedra for Sam's death, and also try to do what Hedra couldn't do, forgive herself. She puts Hedra's collection of photographs back in the shoebox, but she doesn't see a picture hidden by some wrapping paper. Actually this picture is a mixture of two pictures, joined together. The left half-side of the picture shows Allison's face, when the right half-side shows Hedra's face. 
 The Hateful Eight (2015)651) In the dead of a Wyoming winter, a bounty hunter and his prisoner find shelter in a cabin currently inhabited by a collection of nefarious characters. Some time after the Civil War, a stagecoach hurtles through the wintry Wyoming landscape. Bounty hunter John Ruth and his fugitive captive Daisy Domergue race towards the town of Red Rock, where Ruth will bring Daisy to justice. Along the road, they encounter Major Marquis Warren (an infamous bounty hunter) and Chris Mannix (a man who claims to be Red Rock's new sheriff). Lost in a blizzard, the bunch seeks refuge at Minnie's Haberdashery. When they arrive they are greeted by unfamiliar faces: Bob, who claims to be taking care of the place while Minnie is gone; Oswaldo Mobray, the hangman of Red Rock; Joe Gage, a cow puncher; and confederate general Sanford Smithers. As the storm overtakes the mountainside, the eight travelers come to learn that they might not make it to Red Rock after all... Jordan Crighton Wyoming in the 1870s. A stagecoach is heading towards the town of Red Rock with two passengers onboard. One is John "Hangman" Ruth (played by Kurt Russell), a celebrated bounty hunter. The other is Daisy Domergue (Jennifer Jason Leigh), his prisoner and wanted for murder. Along the way they pick up another bounty hunter, Major Marquis Warren (Samuel L Jackson), and Chris Mannix (Walton Goggins). Due to a blizzard they are forced to hole up in a store some way out of town with the occupants of another stagecoach. Suspicions commence and Civil War enmities are reawakened. grantss Years after the American Civil War, bounty hunter Major Marquis Warren is transporting three dead bounties to the town of Red Rock, Wyoming. He hitches a ride on a stagecoach driven by O.B. Jackson. Aboard is bounty hunter John Ruth, and handcuffed to him is fugitive Daisy Domergue, whom Ruth is escorting to Red Rock to collect her bounty and watch her hang. Ruth and Warren are previous acquaintances who bonded over Warren's personal letter from Abraham Lincoln. Former Lost-Causer militiaman Chris Mannix, who is traveling to Red Rock as the town's new sheriff, persuades Ruth and Warren to let him on the stagecoach. Warren and Ruth form an alliance to protect each other's bounties.. In snow-capped post-Civil War Wyoming, the rugged bounty hunter, John "The Hangman" Ruth, defies an imminent blizzard, bent on delivering his shackled prisoner, Daisy Domergue, to Red Rock to stand trial for murder. With the snowstorm rapidly approaching, John and his new undesirable travel companions--the fellow bounty hunter, Major Marquis Warren, and Red Rock's soon-to-be-appointed sheriff, Chris Mannix--will have no other choice but to seek shelter in Minnie's Haberdashery. But, there, another unwelcome encounter awaits, as four more suspicious strangers are added to this already volatile motley crew. Engulfed in this unforgiving white hell, the hateful eight must endure each other until the storm weakens; however, who is friend, and who is foe? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Note: The movie is divided into six narrative sequences, all of which take place chronologically, with the exception of Chapter Five, which takes place before the others. Chapter One: "Last Stage to Red Rock" Set in the dead of winter in post-Civil War Wyoming, Major Marquis "The Bounty Hunter" Warren (Samuel L. Jackson) attempts to hitch a ride on a stagecoach driven by O. B. Jackson (James Parks). Warren is trying to transport the corpses of three outlaws to Red Rock for a handsome reward; O. B. instructs Warren to consult the passenger of the coach, one John "The Hangman" Ruth (Kurt Russell), himself an infamous bounty hunter. Ruth is escorting fugitive Daisy "The Prisoner" Domergue (Jennifer Jason Leigh) to Red Rock - alive - to collect a $10,000 reward, and to see her hanged. To ensure she cannot escape, Ruth has handcuffed her to his own arm. Ruth and Warren know each other, having seen each other in Chattanooga some eight months before. Ruth agrees to let Warren ride with them to a passover called Minnie's Haberdashery, where they intend to take shelter from an oncoming blizzard. While riding, Ruth asks Warren to see his letter written to him by Abraham Lincoln. Warren produces the letter, which Ruth reads. Then Daisy spits on the letter, and Warren hits her in the face, causing her to fall out of the carriage, yanking Ruth out of the carriage as well. Warren signals the driver to stop the coach while Ruth picks himself up. Warren exits the coach to find his letter, and throws snow in Daisy's face. The driver sees another man in the road. Ruth makes Warren put on handcuffs, suspecting the Major is in cahoots with Daisy or the new man. Chapter Two: "Son of a Gun" They are approached by Chris "The Sheriff" Mannix (Walton Goggins), who is also looking to hitch a ride to Red Rock. He says his horse stepped in a hole in the snow, and recognizes Ruth and Warren, but not Daisy. He claims to have been appointed the title of Sheriff of Red Rock and to be the person who is supposed to pay the bounties Ruth and Warren seek to collect. Ruth tells Warren that Mannix is the youngest son of the leader of the "Mannix Marauders", a group who terrorized South Carolina following the Civil War. Mannix refuses to wear handcuffs, and insists on coming aboard since Ruth will be charged with murder if he causes his death. Ruth reluctantly allows Mannix to ride with them, but uncuffs Warren and has him hold a gun on Mannix for the remainder of the ride. Ruth knows Mannix would never work with Warren since he is notoriously racist. On the coach, Mannix says he will buy the two men dinner and a drink at the Haberdashery. Ruth says he does not drink or break bread with rebel renegades. Mannix says, "it sounds like you have an ax to grind against the cause," and Ruth says that there was no cause, just terrorizing people, especially (he points out to Warren) emancipated blacks. Domergue says she supports that kind of thing. Mannix says that Ruth is misinformed by Union newspapers. Mannix asks Warren if Ruth knows how famous Warren once was. Warren's answer is no. Mannix asks if Daisy knows Warren. She says she knows he had a huge bounty from when he Confederacy put a $30,000 on Warren's head, and he was openly suspected in the North of just wanting to kill white people. Warren's bounty fell to $5,000, but people would still try to collect it. Warren says he has killed several of them. Warren, a Union veteran, tells Ruth of how he burned down Wellenbeck prison camp in order to escape. Mannix is offended because many young southern men died there, but Warren is indignant, asking why he should apologize for killing Confederates who wanted to enslave him. Mannix says that he also killed 37 Union prisoners of war. Warren says indifferently that "people die in war." Mannix says "War is hell" is hard to argue with, but that the Union also investigated him following the war. Mannix claims that Warren was ultimately forgiven because of his service in the cavalry during wars against indigenous people. Ruth says that Mannix has no right to talk, given the atrocities that his father inflicted on black people. Mannix says not to talk about his father, who was fighting for the dignity in defeat that southern white men, as the "brothers" of those in the North, deserved. Warren asks how many black towns Mannix raided in this struggle for dignity. Mannix says many, and that when black people are scared, white people are safe. Warren immediately points the gun straight at Mannix's temple and says that if he speaks so hatefully, Warren will kill him immediately. Mannix is very scared, says he only starting talking "politics" by mistake, and goes to sleep. Chapter Three: "Minnie's Haberdashery" The group finally arrive at Minnie's Haberdashery with the blizzard bearing down fast, and they find it in the hands of Bob "The Mexican" (Demian Bichir), who explains that the owner, Minnie Mink (Dana Gourrier), is visiting family for a week and has entrusted the passover to him; Warren is suspicious of Bob's explanation. Ruth and Daisy go inside and meet the others staying at the haberdashery. Oswaldo "The Little Man" Mobray (Tim Roth), introduces himself as the hangman of Red Rock and speaks with an English accent. He asks to see the warrant Ruth is carrying for Daisy. Meanwhile, in the blinding wind of the blizzard outside, Warren, Mannix, O.B. and Bob put the horses away. Mannix and O.B. further set up ropes to find the outhouse and stable in the snow, and Warren stays behind to help Bob with the remaining stablework. Warren asks Bob again where Minnie is, and says it doesn't sound like her to have left Joe "The Cow Puncher" Gage (Michael Madsen), a quiet cowboy and Sanford "The Confederate" Smithers (Bruce Dern), an aging former Confederate General. Ruth, suspicious that they may be trying to ambush him and release Daisy, announces his intent to deliver Daisy to Red Rock alive and forcefully disarms all but Warren of their pistols. Over a dinner of hot stew, Mannix teases Warren over his letter from Abraham Lincoln, saying that there is no chance Warren was friends with Abraham Lincoln. Ruth says that he is surely telling the truth, but Warren reveals that it is a lie. Mannix and Daisy laugh. Ruth spitefully throws stew in Daisy's face. Ruth is angered and loses trust in Warren, saying that it must be true what people say: that you can't trust black people. Warren asks Ruth if he hurt his feelings and Ruth says yes. Warren rebuts by saying that Ruth cannot understand what it is like to be a black man faced with America. Warren says that black people are safe when white people are disarmed, and the letter disarms white people (sets them more at ease). Ruth says it is still a dirty trick to him. Warren points out that it got him a seat on Ruth's stagecoach. Mannix says the letter wouldn't have worked on him. Daisy says she spat on it, and Mannix congratulates her for it. Warren brings Sanford food and asks to join him. Sanford says yes and Warren places a gun on a side table next to Sanford. Warren reveals to Sanford that he murdered Chester Smithers, Sanford's son, in a retaliation for the latter trying to kill him (most likely for the bounty). Warren taunts Sanford with the humiliating details of his son's death, claiming he was forced to march naked in the snow for over two hours and perform fellatio on Warren before being killed. In a fit of rage, Sanford reaches for the gun to shoot Warren, but Warren swiftly draws his other gun and shoots Sanford dead, much to Mannix's dismay. Chapter Four: "Domergue's Got a Secret" Daisy asks to play the guitar and Ruth says yes. A narrator then reveals that while everybody was distracted by Sanford's death, an unseen character slipped poison into the brewing coffee, which only Daisy witnessed. Ruth and O.B. drink the coffee, and Daisy smiles knowingly. She sings a beautiful song on the guitar, which she plays well. Ruth asks to hear another verse as he drinks coffee, and Daisy sings a verse that end with the line "You'll be dead behind me John as I go to Mexico." Ruth becomes furious, takes the guitar and smashes it before handcuffing Daisy to himself once again. Mannix pours himself a cup of coffee. Suddenly Ruth violently vomits blood on the table, just as Mannix is about to take a sip. O.B. also vomits blood, and collapses onto all fours, repeatedly vomiting up more blood. Ruth throws the coffee cup away, and Mannix realizes it was the coffee and throws his cup away too. As Daisy mocks a dying Ruth, the latter tries to kill her, only for her to seize his pistol and shoot him dead. With Ruth and O.B. dead, Warren lines up the rest of the lodgers at gunpoint and throws the key to Ruth's handcuffs in stove, ensuring that Daisy cannot escape. Warren determines that Mannix could not have poisoned the coffee since he was about to drink it himself, so he gives Mannix a spare gun. He goes on to explain that the stew they ate was made by Minnie that morning, so something must have happened to her. Bob asks Warren if he is really accusing him of murder. Warren then explains that Bob's story about Minnie entrusting the place to him cannot be true, since she hated Mexicans. He also finds a dried bloodstain on one of the armchairs, and hypothesizes that Bob murdered Minnie; he knows, however, that Bob cannot be the person who poisoned the coffee since he was playing the piano at the time. He shoots and kills Bob because he knows he was involved in killing Minnie, only to be shot in the groin from underneath the floorboards by a shadowy gunman. Mobray then draws a gun and shoots Mannix, hitting him the thigh, before the latter shoots him back, hitting Mobray in the abdomen. Chapter Five: "The Four Passengers Earlier that morning.... A stagecoach arrives at Minnie's Haberdashery containing the four passengers: Bob, Mobray, Gage, and Jody (Channing Tatum). They are driven by the cheerful and cheeky Six Horse Judy (Zoe Bell), who hails from New Zealand. They are met by Charlie (Keith Jefferson) outside Minnie's. Charlie, a black man, stays outside and helps the carriage driver with his horses before he travels on. Judy leads the passengers inside and introduces them to Minnie Mink. Minnie is shown to be a cheery, black woman perhaps in her thirties, and is there with a black woman, Gemma (Belinda Owino) cooking. Two older white men, Sweet Dave (Gene Jones) and the previously seen Sanford, are playing chess by the hearth. The crew makes small talk for a few minutes before violently massacring everybody in the lodge, leaving only General Sanford alive. Charlie comes in from outside just in time to see the massacre, and is shot by Bob in the doorway (one of the shots destroys the door's latch) before fleeing outside. Mobray asks in Spanish if they should perhaps keep Sanford alive to create the illusion of a more lively setting. They agree to try it, and Jody talks to the old man while his crew starts cleaning up the mess the massacre left. Gage goes to kill Charlie, whom he finds hiding in a shed and shoots in the throat with a shotgun as he begs for his life. Jody explains to Sanford that they are preparing to ambush Ruth to rescue Jody's sister, Daisy, and that they will not kill him if he agrees to keep quiet about their plan. Sanford agrees, and the bandits all prepare for Ruth to arrive: throwing the bodies down the well, hiding guns around the lodge, cleaning up the jelly beans that had spilled. Jody hides in the basement (implying that he was the one who later shot Warren in the crotch from under the floorboards). Chapter Six: "Black Man, White Hell" We cut back to the present as, Warren, in agonizing pain, is confined to a bed while he and a wounded Mannix hold guns on the surviving lodgers - Domergue, Gage, and a mortally wounded Mobray. Warren tells Mannix his genitals are destroyed, and he thinks he will bleed to death. They flush Jody out of the basement by threatening to kill Domergue. Warren shoots Jody through the head, killing him. Domergue becomes hysterical, berating Mannix for working with a black man. She then attempts to strike a deal with Mannix, explaining that her brother was the leader of a notorious gang and that 15 of his men are waiting in Red Rock. Domergue further claims that these men will hunt down Mannix if he kills her, however she will call them off if he kills Warren instead. Mannix tells Warren Domergue has "nothing to sell," but to humor him as he listens to Domergue's offer. They count up the bounties that Mannix could collect: Bob, revealed to be "Marco the Mexican" with a bounty of $12,000, and Mobray, really Pete Hicox, with a bounty of $15,000, and Gage, really Grouch Douglas, has a bounty worth $10,000. Domergue explains that they cannot collect the bounties if they kill her since the gang waiting in Red Rock will kill them. She also says the gang will sack the town and kill all the residents. If Mannix as sheriff wants to protect the town, he should spare her life. Warren shoots Domergue in the foot. Hicox tries to convince Mannix again that they can forgive him what he has done if he kills Warren. Warren shoots Hicox in the leg. The scene is then interrupted when Gage reaches for a pistol that he had previously hidden underneath a table. Mannix and Warren shoot him dead. Warren tries to shoot Domergue, but his gun is out of bullets. Warren begs Mannix for his pistol, Mannix smiles and sits down. He asks Domergue about the offer: he kills Warren, they wait two days, and then he gets the bounties for Oswaldo and Gage. Domergue ascents. Mannix asks about Jody's bounty, since he is worth $50,000. Warren asks Mannix if he is about to make a deal, and Mannix says they're just talking. Domergue says he is being greedy and that she must take that body, since Jody has children. So Mannix goes over the terms again before looking back at Warren. He turns back to Domergue and says "no deal". Domergue says he is making a big mistake, and that the gang will come and kill him. Mannix says that in order for him to be afraid, he would have to believe that those 15 men existed, which he doesn't. Warren laughs. Mannix says Douglas poisoned the coffee and points out that Domergue didn't say anything as he was about to drink the coffee, too- showing that she didn't care about his life. He says she is a liar and is surely just saying what she needs to in order to escape being hanged. He says he suspects that what remains of Jody's gang is lying dead on the floor. Domergue replies that Jody leads an army of men, but Mannix interrupts her and says that his father led an army, a renegade army fighting for a lost cause- 400 men who followed because of their respect for his command. Warren nods appreciatively, then Mannix says he doesn't feel so good and collapses on the floor, fainting due to his leg wound. Daisy cuts Ruth's handcuffed arm off with a machete, freeing herself, before reaching for the gun Douglas dropped on the floor. Mannix suddenly wakes up (or reveals himself to have been playing possum) and shoots Daisy, wounding her. As he prepares to shoot her again, Warren convinces him to spare her so that they can hang her, just as Ruth wanted to. Since Ruth saved their lives from the storm, they can act out his last wish: to see Domergue hanged. Domergue is hanged from the rafters of the lodge. Mannix pronounces it as his first and final act as sheriff of Red Rock. Mannix is left lying on top of Warren, but then he drops down off the bed and onto the floor. The two men delight in seeing Domergue slowly strangle to death in accordance with Ruth's final wishes and the law. Mannix asks Warren if he can read his letter. Mannix takes the letter in his bloody hands and reads it aloud. In it "Abraham Lincoln" praises Warren for his service and expresses the belief that racial progress is being made slowly in America. Mannix remarks on the final line of the letter, "Ol' Mary Todd is calling so I guess it's time for bed," that it was a nice touch, and Warren thanks him. Mannix crumples the letter up and throws it away, and the movie ends with Mannix and Warren waiting to die. 
 Dolores Claiborne (1995)Summaries A big city reporter travels to a small town where her mother has been arrested for the murder of an elderly woman for whom she worked as a housekeeper. Instead of heading to Arizona for her next big story in what has been her illustrious career in her relatively young life, New York based investigative journalist Selena St. George heads to her hometown on a small island just off the coast of Jonesport, Maine upon receiving a fax from an anonymous sender that her mother, Dolores Claiborne, is the only suspect in what looks to be the murder of her wealthy employer of twenty-three years, Vera Donovan. Dolores, who reassumed her maiden name following the death of Selena's father, Joe St. George, started working as one of Vera's domestics upon her moving permanently into what used to be the Donovans' summer house after Jack Donovan's passing, Dolores ultimately moving into the Donovan house full time as her caregiver when Vera required 'round the clock care. Dolores' employment, which was solely to save money for Selena's education, was despite miserly and overly particular Vera only paying a pittance. Selena has been estranged from Dolores for fifteen years, when Selena went away to college at Vassar on a full scholarship, on Selena's belief not only that her mother killed her father when she was thirteen - the death ultimately ruled accidental - but the trauma she endured at the hands of townsfolk who believed the same in their often anonymous taunts. Selena still suffers emotionally from the trauma, she resorting to various means of self-medication. Detective John Mackey, who led the investigation, believed the same, this case the only blemish in his otherwise perfect career. He, leading the investigation into Vera's death, has seemingly had it in for Dolores for eighteen years, and already has it in his mind that if she could kill Joe, she could just as easily have killed Vera, with a strong underlying motive beyond the seemingly open dislike the two had for each other in their mutual name calling. As Dolores and Selena are forced to move back into what has largely been the closed-up St. George house for however long Selena will be staying on the island, old memories come back to haunt both of them, with the truth behind what happened eighteen years ago and thus what happened with Vera buried deep within those memories in the house. Huggo Dolores Claiborne works as a maid for a wealthy woman in remote Maine. When she is indicted for the elderly woman's murder, Dolores' daughter Selena returns from New York, where she has become a big-shot reporter. In the course of working out the details of what has happened, as well as some shady questions from the past and Selena's troubled childhood, many difficult truths are revealed about their family's domestic strife. This is cleverly portrayed with present reality shot in cool blue tones blending seamlessly into flashbacks shot in vivid color. As small town justice relentlessly grinds forward, surprises lie in store for the viewers.... Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 