nm0006541:

 Lord of the Flies (1990)44) Stranded on an island, a group of schoolboys degenerate into savagery. After a plane crash in the ocean, a group of military students reach an island. Ralph organizes the boys, assigning responsibilities for each one. When the rebel Jack Merridew neglects the fire camp and they lose the chance to be seen by a helicopter, the group split under the leadership of Jack. While Ralph rationalizes the procedures, Jack returns to the primitivism, using the fear for the unknown (in a metaphor to the religion) to control the other boys, and hunting and chasing pigs, stealing the possession of Ralph's group and even killing people. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A plane carrying schoolboys from a military school crashes into the ocean. A group of them make it to an island. After taking stock of their surroundings they settle into a regimen and order, with Ralph as their leader. However, after a while a splinter group emerges, lead by Jack. Jack is hardly a benevolent leader and fascism and barbarism follow. grantss Adapted from William Golding's novel of the same name, this is the story of a group of military school boys who become stranded on an island. They are, however, not alone. To begin with their commander is dragged from the water by Ralph. It is after the commander becomes feverish and delusional that he runs away and the boys develop their own society, with frightening and powerful consequences. Jan Bednarczuk <bednarczuk@nwu.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 In Dangerous Company (1988)Summaries A beautiful woman seduces and tricks a hitman in order to save her own skin. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tremors (2003)Summaries Small town notices weird deaths in the desert. There are giant worms under the sand. They can hear the location of people through the vibration of their movement. Finally they blow them up with dynamite. Perfection Valley, Nevada is a quaint little town. The inhabitants live peaceful, tranquil lives. Most of the time. Perfection is home to the Graboid, El Blanco. El Blanco is a thirty-foot worm creature who hunts prey by sound. It is an endangered species, so as long as El Blanco is around, Perfection can't be bulldozed by any greedy developers. To protect their home, the people of Perfection must co-exist with El Blanco, dealing with him when necessary, as well as other strange situations that come their way. Stephen Barker <sgamer82@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bio-Dome (1996)Summaries Moronic best friends get themselves locked inside the Bio-Dome, a science experiment, along with a group of environmental scientists for one year. Bud and Doyle are two losers who are doing nothing with their lives. Both of their girlfriends are actively involved in saving the environment, but the two friends couldn't care less about saving the Earth. One day, when a group of scientists begin a mission to live inside a "Bio-Dome" for a year without outside contact, Bud and Doyle mistakenly become part of the project themselves. The two must then learn how to protect the Earth and help the scientists complete their mission. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 