nm0010887:

 Hart to Hart (19791984)Summaries The globe-trotting adventures of amateur detectives Jonathan and Jennifer Hart. Jonathan Hart (Robert Wagner) was a self-made millionaire, the C.E.O. of Hart Industries, a global conglomerate. His gorgeous wife Jennifer (Stefanie Powers) was a freelance journalist. They were both amateur sleuths, and in every episode found themselves up to their eyeballs in murder, smuggling, theft, and international espionage. They also managed to find time to snuggle together, as they loved each other very much. Max (Lionel Stander) was their loyal, gravelly-voiced butler, cook, and chauffeur, and Freeway their pet canine. Marty McKee <mmckee@soltec.net> Jonathan Hart (Robert Wagner), a self-made millionaire and C.E.O. of Hart Industries, is happily married to the beautiful Jennifer Hart (Stephanie Powers), a freelance journalist. They live in a huge estate with their loving butler, Max (Lionel Stander) and have a Lowchen dog named Freeway, who is like a child to Jonathan and Jennifer. One can tell that the Harts, from being millionaires to going around the world, are not your average couple, but another interesting thing about them is that they seem to find murder or any kind of trouble wherever they go, whether it's on vacation or because they're trying to help bail out a friend. According to Max, murder is their hobby. However, as busy as they are, they still find lots of time for love and snuggles in-between, and keep their marriage full of love. Seneca Laurn It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Pursuit of D.B. Cooper (1981)Summaries A speculation on the fate of the famous hijacker who parachuted with his ransom and disappeared in the mountains, has Cooper following a meticulous plan to disappear into anonymity despite the best efforts of a dogged cop. A speculation on the fate of the famous hijacker who parachuted with his ransom and disappeared in the mountains, has Cooper following a meticulous plan to disappear into anonymity despite the best efforts of a dogged cop. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> A fictional account following a man known by the alias D.B. Cooper bailing from a commercial 737 airliner on a scheduled flight from Portland to Seattle on Wednesday, November 24, 1971 with stolen money in the amount of $200,000 is told, with whatever happened to him from that point on in reality never officially known. With the flight rerouted to Reno on his directive with he threatening to detonate a bomb otherwise - it really a fake - he parachutes out the back door somewhere over the Oregon wilderness, he, if he does survive the fall, able to hide among the masses being the first day of deer hunting season. Despite his troubled relationship with supervisors, Bill Gruen, an investigator with General Indemnity Insurance which is liable for the money, is able to convince them to let him lead this case, dangling in front of them that he knows who "D.B. Cooper" is, he not telling them in the probability that once they know, they will take the case away from him. After his initial investigation, Gruen, a former Army Drill Sergeant, suspects Cooper is really Jimmy Meade, one of his former soldiers, one of the few men who could pull off such a stunt. Gruen is correct. As such, Gruen goes to Jackson Hole, Wyoming where Jimmy's wife, Hannah Meade, who operates a river rafting company, and his father, a retired Brigadier General, live. Jimmy, who has been gone for six months with only the occasional postcard to Hannah, has a complex love/hate relationship with both, neither who knows about what he did. However, Jimmy does come back in wanting to run off with Hannah and the money into obscurity. Jimmy does have a plan for them to get out of the country, Hannah who knows she cannot resist him, helping him evade Gruen, especially important as Jimmy had always considered Gruen an SOB. As Jimmy and Hannah go on the run with Gruen hot on their tail, their situation is made more complicated by the addition of Remson, who served in the army with Jimmy, he, a lowlife who was MIA in the war and went on to serve time in Levenworth, believing too that Jimmy is Cooper and that he deserves whatever he can get of that $200,000. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Looker (1981)431) Three of four models, who had plastic surgery done by Larry after a computed list, are dead. Neither the cops nor Larry believe they're suicides. Larry investigates and stays with the fourth model. Who's behind the lists and murders? Plastic surgeon Larry Roberts performs a series of minor alterations on a group of models who are seeking perfection. The operations are a resounding success. But when someone starts killing his beautiful patients, Dr. Roberts becomes suspicious and starts investigating. What he uncovers are the mysterious - and perhaps murderous - activities of a high-tech computer company called Digital Matrix. alfiehitchie LAPD Lieutenant Masters questions Beverly Hills plastic surgeon Dr. Larry Roberts on the deaths of three of his patients. Those deaths look like they may be suicide, but they are also suspicious in their connection to Larry, who ends up being a suspect if they were indeed murdered. All three are television commercial actresses, who came in to Larry to have minor cosmetic surgery done, each with detailed specifications down to the millimeter of the work they wanted. All three were also beautiful to begin with, Larry who would have advised against having any surgery done if it wasn't for their specifications. What Larry does not divulge is that the third victim came back to him asking him to undo what he did, as "they" were out to get her for being too perfect. Another of Larry's patients, Cindy Fairmont, is going through what the other three already went through, and as such could be a fourth victim. Larry finds out that all four have connections to a technology research firm, Digital Matrix, led by Jennifer Long. Digital Matrix does much work for Reston Industries, led by John Reston, whose businesses include manufacture of several products and the production of television commercials. Jennifer is up front to Larry that they did do some work for Reston which involved technology to measure the perception of perfection of human subjects in commercials, which led the four actresses, unprompted, to get the cosmetic surgery done. However, Jennifer states that Digital Matrix abandoned that work, instead opting for 3D computer modeling of human subjects, those perfect computer models which could be used in place of the humans in television commercials, but for which the human subjects would get paid in perpetuity for the use of their likeness. Larry knows that Jennifer and Reston are not divulging all the work they are doing together in this matter, which could be the key to finding out what happened to the three victims, with both Cindy and Larry possibly victims number 4 and 5 if Jennifer and Reston find they are getting too close to the truth. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A young blonde model called Lisa Convey (Terri Welles) appears in a commercial for Ravish, (narrated by John Erwin's voice) a perfume who claims to fulfill women's deepest desires. The model goes to Dr. Larry Roberts (Albert Finney), a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon with very specific demands, in the range of millimeters. Dr. Roberts is puzzled, but accepts because his business partner, Dr Jim Belfield (Darryl Hickman) says that if Roberts doesn't do it, a less competent surgeon will do it. The surgery is successful, and we see all the process taken place. The model goes back to her life, and in company of his dog Teddy is undressing up for her boyfriend Bob to arrive to her luxury flat. Somebody insists in ringing the bell, and she opens it up because she thinks it's Bob, but she can't see anyone. She feels a bit dazzled and confused. She looks around the flat, and notices her dog Teddy barking to the air. There seems to be nobody around, but the front door closes by itself, and Teddy gets stuck in a wardrobe, apparently all by itself. She notices an attach with a gun missing, so she looks around. There is the silhouette of a man behind the curtains, but she can't see him. She gets dizzy again, wraps herself around one of the curtains until she falls down from her balcony. Then, the man takes his gun, leaves what appears to be a pen and a small brown bottom and leaves. Cindy Fairmont (Susan Dey) goes to Dr. Robert's with the same ideas than the previous model. She wants to be perfect. She chews gum all the time until he tells her to stop. She hits on him, but he rejects her advances. She is always working in television commercials and requests cosmetic surgery to make changes so minor that they would be imperceptible to the naked eye. When these models start dying under mysterious circumstances, he discovers they are all linked to the same advertisement research firm. Lieutenant Masters (Dorian Harewood) interrogates Dr. Roberts in his office, who has just told Cindy that she's already perfect. Masters inquires about Susan Wilson and Lisa, both apparently have committed suicide, and Dr. Roberts thinks that sometimes pretty women think that being physically more perfect will solve all their problems, but after surgery they realize their lives are no better. Masters think that they may have fallen in love with their doctor, which Dr. Roberts denies. Masters gives Roberts his pen back, and notices that his jacket has the same brown bottoms as in Lisa's flat. The secretary, Ellen (Donna Kai Benz),cannot find four files of four models who had exactly the same type of surgery. Another model arrives distraught: she says that they are killing all models who are perfect. She thinks that there are more things to the commercials that what meets the eye. She panics when she thinks that a mustached man has is already after her. She runs away, leaving her handbag behind. In it, there is a list of numbers. Roberts calls Masters. When he runs to the model's apartment, is already too late. There is a flash of light, and she jumps off the balcony. Roberts checks it and finds she's dead. He notices a mustached man (Tim Rossovich) looking out from the balcony. He goes up, but he arrives to the apartment, the man isn't there. Masters doesn't believe Roberts' story, but has to let him go. Back in his car, Roberts checks the list again: Tina Cassidy (Kathryn Witt), Lisa, Susan (Jeana Tomasina Keough), Cindy. Several models are shooting for a Lingerie photo-shoot. Cindy is there, applying make-up, and Roberts claims to be a friend of Steve's (Paul Jasmin). Roberts asks Cindy to dine out with him, in a black-tie charity dinner, although it'd not be a date. First, Cindy says no, but she accepts when she knows that John Reston (James Coburn) is going to be there. Jennifer Long (Leigh Taylor-Young) greets them at the party, and tells them that Reston is going to see them soon. He directs a huge company that produces cosmetics, commercials, high-tech, and so on. They talk about Digital Matrix, who supposedly only deals with theoretical research. Jennifer tells John off, because he's told Roberts everything. John dismisses it, as Roberts - now talking to Candy (Ashley Cox) - cannot even begin to grasp the truth. Larry and Cindy cannot make love because she has to work the following morning, in Saturday. He takes her to work. Larry has to fall in the sand of the beach in a particular position. The director (Terry Kiser) and producer of the commercial (Barry Jenner) insists in repeating the scene again and again, because the producer assistant (Derrel Murray) says that the computer is not approving the parameters: it requires more energy, or more body twist, or the swimsuit to be tighter, etc... There is a lorry close to the shoot, and two technicians (Arthur Taxier & Richard Milholland) calculate the parameters as the cameras record it. The technicians get frustrated and decide to go to animation. Cindy is frustrated, because she can't match the instructions of the computer, matching its parameters. The produces decides to wrap it up at the beach and send Cindy to go to Digital Matrix to be scanned. The technicians close the door in Larry's face when they realize that he's looking at them. Larry offers to go with Cindy there. They drive past Masters, who's following Roberts. Jennifer offers a guide visit to Roberts. Looking at an advertisement, he only looks at the body of the model. The Digital Matrix research firm rates advertising models by using a scoring system that measures the combined visual impact of various physical attributes in television commercials. In an experiment to increase their scores, some models are sent to Dr Roberts to get cosmetic surgery in order to maximize their visual impact. After the surgeries are performed, though the models are now physically perfect, they still aren't as effective as desired, because if the models stand still, they get the perfect scores, but as soon as they start to move, their body positioning, facial gestures... decrease their scores. So the research firm decides to use a different approach. Each model is offered a contract to have their body scanned digitally to create 3D computer generated models and then animating them for use in commercials. The contract deals seem to be incredibly lucrative for the models: once their bodies are represented digitally, they get a paycheck for life, never having to work again since their digital model is used for all their future work in commercials. Cindy has to undress to be measured and digitized Roberts steals a pass card from the recording laboratory, but the scanner technician (Terrance E. McNally) doesn't realize it. He leaves with Cindy. Jennifer realizes that Larry has stolen that security card. Cindy feels suffocated because Larry doesn't lose her from sight. On the radio, news emerge about another model dying. Cindy realizes she's in danger. Cindy is angry, because Larry didn't tell her that she was in danger, and he can't protect her at all, because he doesn't have a gun. She goes to her parents' (Georgann Johnson & Richard Venture), who laugh in front of the television. She kisses them good night and is sad at them, because they keep on looking at the TV and don't pay attention to her at all. The mustached man approaches and nukes Dr Larry Roberts. He realizes that the beach is full, then almost empty. The books are in disarray and two hours have passed. Luckily, he had disguised the security card. Two other further slips of memory happen, once while opening the toilet hand-sink tap, which overflows, and another while opening up his refrigerator. That night, Cindy and Larry go to the laboratory with that security card, but it won't open one of the laboratory's door. They enter a warehouse. A robot box appears to empty the paper bins automatically. It takes Cindy and Larry inside the lab they want when they sit on it. A commercial is on. Cindy thinks that they are over-acting, but Larry says that they are computer-generated; Cindy gets hooked on the commercials anyway, until Larry wakes her up. During his investigation, Roberts discovers some advanced-technology devices the Digital Matrix corporation is using to hypnotize consumers into buying the products they advertise. He also discovers the L.O.O.K.E.R. (Light Ocular-Oriented Kinetic Emotive Responses) gun, a light pulse device that gives the illusion of invisibility by instantly mesmerizing its victims into losing all sense of time. While Larry explains everything to Cindy, the mustached man is there. With the gun, Larry thinks that Cindy has disappeared, and he feels punched by an invisible man. Cindy is frozen in time. Larry can see the mustached man's reflection. He puts on some special sunglasses that will make him impervious to the light gun. With that, he attacks the mustached man, and realizes how it all really works. Larry takes Cindy out of the laboratory, with all the alarms blaring out. Larry talks to John Reston, who is preparing another commercial. Cindy is left to rest. With the gun, Larry investigates further, but there is smoke and Cindy has been taken. They try to shoot him. Masters and his assistant (Anthony Charnota) investigate the shooting. The mustached man tries to kill Roberts while driving. He almost runs over some nuns. Finally, the mustached man fights him, and puts him and his car into a fountain. He wakes up to be surrounded by police officers and witnesses, all hypnotized. He enters a police car and tries to talk to them. The police officers are hypnotized as well, so they behave in a strange way. Larry does the same and disguises himself with one of the police uniforms. Renson is giving a press conference and a party. During his speech, Cindy is handcuffed with Jennifer backstage. John keeps on talking in spite of seeing Larry. The mustached man points his gun to Larry. Candy gives Larry the opportunity to run away without intending it. Larry gets into the sets of the commercials. Jennifer controls the diverse rooms and moves them around. One of the sets resembles the White House. Senator Robert Harrison (Michael Hawkins or Giansborough) is making a speech; but actually, it's not him, but a digital version of himself. His eyes shine with an electronic blue light - suggesting that he's hypnotizing his viewers. Ironically, he's making a speech about personal freedom and responsibility, pro-environment, anti-corruption. Then, without continuity, there is a break and a commercial of Cindy's digital image advertising a cleaning liquid. Everybody laughs. The mustached man shoots Jennifer, thinking she was Larry. Jennifer manages to get back to the lab, even though she's badly hurt. Cindy tries to get the key to her handcuffs, but Jennifer wakes up for a second and pushes her aside. Renson enters the set as well: too many people in an enclosed space. Meanwhile, the audience laughs at the commercial of an elderly couple (Joseph G. Medalis & Estelle Omens) in bed. Larry hides inside a car. Outside, the audience sees the car and the mustached man moving around it, but with a model (Melissa Prophet) talking about the car in a commercial. The model has been added digitally. The audience also sees Larry using his gun, and the windshield breaking at gunpoint. Renson is also seen in the commercial. The next commercial is even weirder: the dead body of the mustached man is on top of a table, and around that table, two children (Allison Balson & Adam Farrar) and their parents (Dick Christie & Katherine De Hetre) talk about Oaties cereal, saying that they are the cereal people eat when they are tired of having the same for breakfast. Cindy has released herself from the handcuffs. Jennifer is completely dead, and Renson sees her when he calls for the lift. He goes up to the control room. Cindy hides under the desk so as not to be seen. Renson goes down to the set again to kill Larry Roberts. Masters is there as well. Renson shoots Larry, but fails, and Masters kills him. Renson dies on the set of the Spurt commercial. Larry and Cindy leave together, in love. He comments on the bruises the cuffs have caused on her wrists, and claims that he can't cure her because he can't perform on the people he dates. They leave the set hand in hand. 
 Those Lips, Those Eyes (1980)321) Stagestruck adolescent learns about love the hard way while interning in Cleveland summer stock during the early '50's. Cleveland 1951. Pre-med student Artie Shoemaker dreams not so much of a medical career but a life in the theater, against the wishes of his working class parents. Despite having no experience in the theater whatsoever, he is hired as the props man at the Kempton Hills Park Theater, an open air venue that is part of the summer stock circuit. The resident leading man at Kempton Hills is Harry Crystal who, along with some of the other more experienced company members, is working toward more lucrative and higher profile acting jobs. For most, including Harry, the goal is back to Broadway. For some, that Broadway dream is more a delusion than a true possibility. Despite being a bit of a divo, which grates on many of the other crew members, Harry takes inexperienced Artie under his wing both in terms of guiding him through his current position in props, as well as a general life in the theater. Part of that general life includes romantic couplings, the person who Artie ultimately chooses, and she too chooses in return, is the lead dancer named Ramona. Artie's experiences with both Harry and Ramona over the course of the summer stock season shows him if he really wants a life in the theater and if Ramona truly is someone who will be part of his future as he initially envisioned. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Kempton Hills Park summer theatre in Ohio is in full swing in the summer of 1951, and Harry Crystal {Frank Langella} is applying his makeup and getting into costume for the evening's production of "The Red Mill." As he prepares to put on his hat, he plucks a love note from it, slipped inside by an admiring member of the dance troupe. During a musical number, he chats with the dancer who sent the note, then as she takes the stage, he slips the note to another dancer. Also watching the action onstage rather than off is Artie Shoemaker [Thomas Hulce], and he has stars in his eyes. A job opening for a prop man has come up, and Artie has promised Mr. D'Angeli [Anthony Mannino] that he'll let him know for sure the next day if he'll accept the position. At home, his kid brother can't believe that Artie would take a job for which he isn't qualified. Besides, Artie is starting summer school to take his second--and last--shot at passing pre-med comparative anatomy before he might actually need to think about another career instead of becoming a doctor as his parents hope, but Artie thinks the morning course won't interfere with the rest of his day. On the first day of anatomy class, the students are introduced to the fish which will be their guide to learning anatomy, and receive a hefty first night of homework. Still Artie accepts the job, D'Angeli gives him the tour of the backstage storage and happily hands the duties over. Unfortunately Artie's first attempt at furniture building is a disaster, so D'Angeli tells Artie to gather the hand props for the actors to use during rehearsal. The backstage crew, run by jock Cooky [Marshall Colt] let Artie join them while they watch the rehearsal and gawk at the dancers warming up nearby. The directer, Sherman Sprat [George Morfogen] stops the script reading the minute one of the actors produces Artie's prop pencil and calls Artie to task. The prop list said a pencil, Artie explains, but Sprat says he doesn't want a "pencil" but a PENCIL. Artie is clueless, and he follows Sprat back to the prop room where the director verbally rips apart all of Artie's work. Harry steps in and manages to win the new kid a reprieve from being fired, then gives him a crash course in Stagecraft 101. First, there are 3,500 people who need to see the props, Harry advises, so a pencil should be an oversized dime store version or even a ball bat with a point on it, just as long as it is big. Harry goes over some other pointers (use ginger ale for champagne, put water in ashtrays to douse cigarettes onstage), then assures Artie that he is qualified enough for the job since he doesn't know what he's doing. Artie meets a dancer, Ramona [Glynnis O'Connor] when she comes to him looking for a lost part of her costume. He mentions that he has seen her hanging with Cooky, but she tells him to not believe everything he sees. During the performance, the stagehands pull a trick on Harry when Artie is occupied with other props, and glue a wine bottle and glass to a table before it's brought onstage. Artie finds the crime, but he can't clue Harry in on time. Harry still covers the joke up by ripping the items from their places to finish the scene, then smiles at a panicked Artie back in the dressing room, telling him the actors and crew are always at odds. After the show, Harry asks Artie if he has picked up a dancer, since it's a known fact that they all boff, but Artie goes home alone and sits with his brother in the kitchen. Before he can crack his anatomy book, the phone rings and Harry tells him to come to Caruso's, the local bar; Cooky and Ramona have broken up, so at Harry's urging, Artie strikes up a conversation with her Cooky is steamiing mad and picks on Harry for wanting the public phone in the bar to be kept open for an incoming call he is expecting. Harry's agent, Mickey Bellinger {Kevin McCarthy], should be calling soon to come see Harry in the show and possibly send him to a bigger gig in New York, but Cooky snidely notes that the phone calls from Harry's agents over the years never seem to come. Harry calmly responds by asking Cooky and the guys what their dreams are, then he starts talking passionately about the great actors he has seen and admired. Suddenly he clutches his chest, and the others watch with concern as he quotes Shakespeare in what may be his dying words. . .until he pops back to life and flips Cooky the bird. Artie and Ramona have left the bar and he drives them to a make-out spot behind his fraternity house, but she backs out, apologizing that she just feels too old for such things, but there may be a better time later. The next morning Artie falls into a sleepy stupor at anatomy class and can't respond to a basic question from the teacher. At his father's job, Artie sorts delivery tickets and tells the old man (Jerry Stiller) his class is a breeze. How can he breeze by classes without opening a book, his dad asks. Artie says that when he finds he can't handle both jobs, he will quit. Meanwhile, his brother is receiving help with Latin, and his tutor Dr. Fuldauer [Herbert Berghof] has taken a job at Kempton Hills as a night watchman after learning about Artie's theatre job. While the dancers rehearse, Spratt insults Ramona as she works to perfect a step that is troubling her, remarking on her being from New York and supposedly above the summer stock crew. She braves the verbal assault, and the rehearsal continues. During the performance of "Rose Marie," Harry hides behind some scenery and breaks out a screwdriver while Cooky and the crew aren't looking; when it's time to move the set they hook up tow ropes to the hardware, and when they pull they fall flat on their backs because the screws have been loosened. Just before Harry takes the stage for his song, he hands Cooky the tool and then taunts the guys at every opportunity while onstage. After the show, Artie presents Ramona with a giant paper flower to cheer her up, and they spy Dr. Fuldauer sitting in a prop throne reciting his own favorite Shakespeare lines. Fibby Geyer [Joseph Mayer], an aging actor whose career is on the downswing, comes to Harry's dressing room and asks for a loan so he can go to Cleveland to audition for a role in a radio soap. Harry happily writes him a check, then locks himself in his room for a self-pity party rather than join the others at Caruso's that night. Artie and Ramona take a walk outside the bar, and Ramona confesses that she doesn't care enough to allow Sprat to get under her skin. Artie is smitten with her, and she asks when he can find them a place where she can make him a "man of the theatre." The next day everybody is waiting for Harry to appear so rehearsal can start, and Sprat is furious. Artie finds Harry at Caruso's by the pay phone, having found Bellinger in the office and determined to get a callback. Harry angrily tells Artie that he has already wasted precious time in his career having served in the Army, and he doesn't want to wind up like Fibby or living out his best years doing road show tours. Artie begs him to not get himself canned, and Harry realizes the kid has gotten lucky: he passes Artie the key to his place to flop after "strike night" when the entire crew takes down the sets for the ending production and build for the new one to open the following night. At the set striking, Artie helps the crew with abundant enthusiasm, knowing Ramona is waiting in his dad's truck for him outside, so he is shocked when his folks come to see him and find out what will keep him away from home all night. Harry again comes to the rescue, sweet talking Artie's mother. Dad, however, spots Ramona in the truck as they leave. The couple enter Harry's place, and when he glances at the mail on the kitchen table, Artie is surprised that Harry has somebody else living with him named Harold Krebs. Ramona sets him straight, telling him that Harry obviously changed his name for stage purposes and is taken aback to see how shocked he is by the revelation. Ramona undresses. As they prepare to make love, the phone rings: it's Bellinger, who plans to come to Thursday's show. Harry rehearses with the pianist, nervous about the pending visit, but Artie assures him that he will do well. As he leaves the theatre, his father pulls up in the truck and tells Artie to get in: he has gotten a letter from the dean that Artie is flunking out, and Artie confesses that he has dropped the course to get his parents a refund. He wants to go to New York to write plays instead, quitting school with one year left. He feels he understands people, and that is all he'll need. His dad is beside himself but tells Artie he hopes his son wins the Nobel Prize: he'll need it if he doesn't finish school first. Harry is congenial to everybody on Thursday night, stopping to greet Dr. Fuldauer a, whose granddaughter has visited backstage. At the performance of "Vagabond King," Harry waits to spot his agent and becomes more depressed as the show goes on. Bellinger arrives at the last minute, and Harry spots him while his character is kissing the female lead, rejuvenating the end of his performance. As Harry prepares to find his entrance onstage for his big solo, there is none, so he takes a shortcut. Sprat yells at D'Angeli and the crew for not having an entrance, and Artie grabs a utility knife to cut a makeshift hole for the dancers to enter the stage, telling Sherman he's a prick. Backstage after the show, Bellinger tells Harry he will have second lead in a Shubert tour of "Student Prince." Harry asks him about a role back in town, but Mickey says there is nothing this season for him. He is, however, interested in meeting the lead dancer: Ramona. After Bellinger leaves, Harry goes on a rampage. Fuldauer is showing his granddaughter a cape, and Harry yanks it from her as he yells that nobody should be hanging around the backstage when somebody is trying to give a decent performance. Back in the dressing room, Harry sulks until Artie arrives, disheartened and disillusioned about his mentor. Harry puts on a flippant attitude and Artie leaves. He waits for Ramona in the truck, and she comes out in a daze, telling him she met with Bellinger and he has promised her a part in a Cole Porter show on Broadway. When he asks if the agent made a pass at her, since she was gone for a while, she says yes, but that he was just a sweet old man looking for a little life. He yells at her about the fact that he was going to quit school and go to New York to be with her, and she blurts out that she is a married woman and thought he really knew that already. Heartbroken, Artie returns home and tells his dad that he will quit the theatre at the end of the season. The next day, he refuses to even look at Ramona and is cool toward Harry, but when he realizes that Harry has moved on and will accept the new part Bellinger offered, he wonders about everything he has witnessed. Harry tells Artie that even Barrymore didn't do well every night, and he will keep trying. In fact, he has a new agent lined up already who can get him into places Bellinger can't. Artie is hooked on the theatre, Harry says, and if he quits now he will regret it the rest of his life. Onstage, while Harry sings, Artie stands backstage next to another dancer. They lock eyes as Harry brings another summer stock production to its conclusion. 