nm0005313:

 Almost Famous (2000)541) A high-school boy in the early 1970s is given the chance to write a story for Rolling Stone magazine about an up-and-coming rock band as he accompanies them on their concert tour. The early 1970s. William Miller is 15-years old and an aspiring rock journalist. He gets a job writing for Rolling Stone magazine. His first assignment: tour with the band Stillwater and write about the experience. Miller will get to see what goes on behind the scenes in a famous band, including the moments when things fall apart. Moreover, for him, it will be a period of new experiences and finding himself. grantss Set in 1973, it chronicles the funny and often poignant coming of age of 15-year-old William, an unabashed music fan who is inspired by the seminal bands of the time. When his love of music lands him an assignment from Rolling Stone magazine to interview the up-and-coming band Stillwater -- fronted by lead guitar Russell Hammond and lead singer Jeff Bebe William embarks on an eye-opening journey with the band's tour, despite the objections of his protective mother. Jwelch5742 William Miller is a 15-year-old kid hired by Rolling Stone magazine to tour with and write about Stillwater, an up and coming rock band. This wonderfully witty coming-of-age film follows William as he falls face first to confront life, love, and lingo. Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens with William Miller (Michael Angarano), living at home with his mother Elaine (Frances McDormand) and his sister Anita (Zooey Deschanel) in San Diego, California. While William gets along well with his mother and sister separately, both of the women in his life are at odds with each other. Elaine struggles to keep some form of control over Anita, who feels that her mother is too overbearing and controlling. During this time, it is revealed to William that his Mom skipped him ahead 2 grades, as all his classmates around him are 13, and he's 11. William's life also is thrown for a loop when his sister Anita decides to leave home to become a stewardess, in order to escape from her Mom. After she leaves, William finds that Anita has left him her record collection. Her collection ends up having a major impact on William. By the time he turns 15, William (Patrick Fugit) has become interested in rock music and journalism, writing for several underground newspapers, and Creem Magazine, edited by one of his idols, famed rock writer Lester Bangs (Philip Seymour Hoffman). One day, William encounters Lester in San Diego, and the two discuss rock music and journalism. Even though Lester claims the industry is destroying the genre and rock journalism is not a stable thing, he sees a determination in William to succeed, and requests he interview Black Sabbath, who are set to play at the San Diego Sports Arena. William attempts to get in, but is rebuked by the doorman at the arena. Unsure what to do, he meets a group of girls who call themselves Band-Aides. William is introduced to their leader, Penny Lane (Kate Hudson), who explains their philosophy, of how they are not groupies but are there to support the music. Shortly thereafter, William manages to get into the arena when he meets the opening act for the night: the band Stillwater. Complimenting them on their sound and musical talent, they invite William to join them backstage. During this time, William ends up interviewing them, with the bulk of the interview coming from member Jeff Bebe (Jason Lee). William ends up watching the concert from side-stage, as the band opens for Black Sabbath, performing the song "Fever Dog." After the show, Lead guitarist Russell Hammond (Billy Crudup) invites William to meet them at the Continental Hyatt House in Los Angeles, and tells William that they'd like Penny Lane to come along. William informs Penny and as they exit the sports arena, she gives him her contact information, and tells him of her life's goal: she plans to live in Morocco for one year. A few days later (unknown to his mother), William sneaks off to Los Angeles with Penny, where they meet up with the band at the Hyatt House (nicknamed 'The Riot House'). It is here that William sees there may be some chemistry going on between Russell and Penny. He also is introduced to Polexia Aphrodesia (Anna Paquin), and Vic Munoz (Jay Baruchel). A few days later, William gets a call from Ben Fong-Torres (Terry Chen) of Rolling Stone magazine. William disguises the fact that he's 15 years old, and pitches his voice lower. Fong-Torres compliments him on his work, and asks William about any bands he'd like to cover. William suggests Stillwater, and soon joins the band on the road, traveling with the Band-Aides on the band's bus (named Doris), much to the horror of his mother, who fears that this will interfere with his school work & derail Williams' future. Along the way, a number of incidents happen to which William is privy: At an outdoor stage event, Russell is electrocuted, sending the band scrambling from the venue, much to the anger of the show's promoter. The band trashes the trailer provided by the promoter, who seems unconcerned about Russell's injury. When the promoter has the arena gates locked, the band has their driver crash the bus through them to escape. -Jeff Bebe gets into a heated row with Russell when the band's first t-shirts arrive, and Russell is the only recognizable person in the band while everyone else is out of focus. The argument is indicative of the problems that have been plaguing the band for an indeterminate time - Russell feels his talent has allowed him to grown beyond the band's limits and Jeff feels Russell is overshadowing his bandmates. -Following the argument, Russell and William end up at a house party in Topeka, KS, where he drops acid and climbs up on a rooftop, proclaiming to be a 'golden god.' (Moments later he jumps off the roof into the swimming pool.) William calls Dick, who comes to the house & convinces Russell to return to the band. -The record company sends a renowned band manager named Dennis Hope (Jimmy Fallon) to replace their current manager, Dick Roswell (Noah Taylor). The band is apprehensive, but give in to Dennis' grand plan for the band to make more money, turning them away from their philosophy of playing 'for the fans.' Dennis is also instrumental in adding more tour dates, getting the band better treatment from concert promoters and stage managers, and the band ditches their beloved tour bus 'Doris' in favor of an airplane. As the tour winds down, William is able to interview almost everyone, but still is not able to get his key interview with Russell. What should have been a simple task becomes mind-numbing, as William is swept up with the tour, causing him to field questions from Ben Fong-Torres about the story, and rousing the ire and worry of his mother (who in one of her classes, proclaims: "rock stars have kidnapped my son"). One night while he talks to his mother, Russell seizes the phone from William and tries to reason with Elaine, who immediately cuts through Russell's charm and lectures him on being more responsible, however respectfully. Russell is somewhat shaken by the conversation. At one of the stops, William is privy to a poker game, in which Dick and Russell wager Penny Lane and the Band-Aides in a game without Penny or the girls knowing. The girls must leave the tour before they arrive in New York where Russell's wife will meet the band. The band Humble Pie ends up "winning" them, and pays Dick and Russell $50 and a case of Heineken beer. William tries to put this out of his mind, but upon hearing how Penny seems to have stepped over the line of supporting the band and fallen for Russell, tells her about the bargain Russell and Dick struck. The news has a devastating effect on Penny, however she takes it good-naturedly at first, asking "What kind of beer?" she & the girls were wagered for. The girls do not accompany the band to New York, but upon getting to the hotel where the band is staying, William runs into Vic, who tells him that Penny Lane is staying at the Plaza Hotel, under the name Emily Rugburn. William then gets a call from Jann Wenner, chief editor of Rolling Stone and Fong-Torres, telling him that the band will grace the cover of their next issue, and that he is permitted to share this news with the band. At a restaurant in New York, this news is met with enthusiasm by the band. However, Russell's girlfriend, Leslie (Liz Strauber) sees Penny in a nearby corner watching Russell. Dick goes over to talk with Penny, who rushes off. William takes off after her and finds her in the Plaza Hotel, where she has overdosed on Quaaludes. William manages to keep Penny conscious until the doctors get there, and after pumping her stomach to get the pills out, Penny and William go for a walk through Central Park, where she tells William the story behind her real name, 'Lady Goodman,' proclaiming that he now knows 'all her secrets.' After their stroll, William takes Penny to the airport, where she flies home to San Diego. William joins the band on the plane as they fly to a new venue. Everyone questions where William went in the middle of dinner the previous night, but he is hesitant to tell them what happened. Suddenly, the plane is caught in the edge of a storm, violently shaking everyone around. Feeling like the plane may crash or break up at any moment, everyone begins to reveal secrets. Dennis reveals that he once hit a man with a car and kept on driving, not taking responsibility for the accident. Dick reveals that he took more money than his regular fee, claiming 'he knew he earned it.' Jeff reveals that he slept with Dick's wife after they broke up, and also slept with Leslie. Two more in the band also reveal they slept with Dick's wife. Jeff, in a moment of rage at Russell, reveals his true anger at Russell, and tells Leslie that Russell had been sleeping with Penny. William, angered at how the band treated Penny, finally tells them what happened to her, and proclaims his love for her. Ed Vallencourt (John Fedevich), who has been silent for some time, finally comes out of the closet. After Ed speaks, the plane makes it through the weather, and everyone stays silent, not speaking for the remainder of the trip. When the plane lands, Russell tells William, that he can write whatever he wants in regards to the band. Exhausted, William reports to Rolling Stone's headquarters in San Francisco, armed with his notes, but still without his key interview with Russell. The editors are astonished to see that William is so young and their fact-checker rants about his notes, saying that they're so disorganized that she'll have a difficult time doing her job. William asks for a single night to finish the piece, and calls Lester Bangs, who tells him to be honest and truthful, suggesting that William shouldn't have allowed himself to befriend the band. The story that William types reveals everything, including Russell's 'golden god' speech and the airplane confessions. Once the band is contacted by Rolling Stone's fact-checker (Erin Foley), the band denies 90% of the story, and William is sent back to San Diego. At the airport, he runs into his sister Anita. Anita offers to take William on an adventure to anywhere... but the only place he wants to go is home. Anita joins William and they go to their home where Anita and Elaine reconcile and William crashes in his own bed. Sometime after, as Stillwater is going their separate ways, one Band-aide whom Penny knows named Sapphire (Fairuza Balk) meets up with Russell, chastising him for what happened to Penny as well as his ruining Williams' story. Nearby, some new groupies are mingling with the band. Sapphire comments how the new girls are not really fans, seeing as they don't love the music, are only into sex without birth control & eat the best food the caterers offer. After talking to Sapphire, Russell is compelled to call Penny and apologize, requesting to meet her. Penny gives him an address, but it is not until he arrives there that he realizes she has given him William's address. Russell first meets Elaine, whom allows him to talk with her son after telling him sternly that William is a fine young man and a trustworthy friend. Russell explains that he retracted his statement to Rolling Stone, confirming that the story was true. William then takes the opportunity to get what he never could before: a one-on-one interview with Russell about what he loves about music. Russell eagerly agrees and tells William that he loves "everything" about music. The film then ends with a montage of different clips that play over Led Zeppelin's "Tangerine": Stillwater goes back on tour, with their old bus 'Doris' as their main mode of transportation (with their 1974 tour called the 'No More Planes Tour'). Russell and Bebe have reconciled. William sits down to breakfast with Anita and his mother, who have reconciled. Finally, we see Penny at an airplane ticket counter, fulfilling her decision to go to Morocco. 
 Bully (2001)44) A pack of nave teenagers conspire to murder a mutual friend, whose aggressive demeanor has proved too much. After finding himself at the constant abuse of his best friend Bobby, Marty has become fed up with his friend's twisted ways. His girlfriend, a victim of Bobby's often cruel ways, couldn't agree more and they strategize murdering Bobby with a group of willing and unwilling participants in a small Florida town. In the midst of their plotting, they contemplate the possible aftermath. MonkeyKingMA How to get rid of your obnoxious friend and get away with it? That's what's been bothering a group of teenagers when they decided they had enough of him but that's not so easy as it seems. Nobody can commit a perfect crime, not even among so called friends! Leading a parasitic life, Bobby and Marty are two teenagers growing up in the suburbs of South Florida. Bobby treats Marty like garbage, taking great pleasure in humiliating, and even beating him. One day, they organise a double date on the beach with high school dropouts, beautiful Ali (who likes Bobby), and her best friend, Lisa, and as one thing leads to another, a love affair begins between Marty and Lisa. But, more and more, Marty wants out, desperate to escape from the clutches of his friend, and his destructive influence; however, Bobby is not willing to take this situation lying down. Then, after a brutal sexual assault, the team has an epiphany: what if they put abusive Bobby out of the way? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hostel: Part II (2007)541) Three American college students studying abroad are lured to a Slovakian hostel, and discover the grim reality behind it. Three female college students take a detour from their partying, enticed by a beautiful European woman who promises seclusion, safety and maybe even romance. What they get is a living hell where they are sold to the highest bidder whose fondest wish is to kill them slowly. Hostel 2 also follows 2 American men who, on the flip side of the coin, are willing to pay to join an exclusive club where a life will end at their hands...any way they like. It's a story of human monsters and the almighty dollar as only Eli Roth could tell it. Paul Nomad of Dreadcentral.com 3 pretty college students are tricked into entering a hostel where the 'hosts' like to torture, rape and murder. Following a geographical tour of Slovakia, three women are lured into a hostel by a seductive young woman who sells them to the twisted masters, who tie them up and bring upon an unthinkable world of pain... Three young college students enter a hostel in Slovakia on the behest of a beautiful Eastern European woman... however, following a festival in the small village in which they are staying, the woman are turned over to a group that allows the highest bidder to kill. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. About a week after the events of Hostel, the film opens with Paxton (Jay Hernandez) in seclusion with his girlfriend Stephanie (Jordan Ladd). The two argue over Paxton refusing to tell the authorities about the Elite Hunting Club in Slovakia since Paxton is aware that the conspiracy and cover up is wider then anyone can imagine. The next morning Stephanie wakes up to discover Paxton's headless body seated at the kitchen table with their cat licking blood from his neck. Meanwhile, in Slovakia, a mysterious package is delivered to Sasha (Milan Kako), the owner of Elite Hunting. From the reaction of Sasha's hound dogs and the size of the box, it is left to the audience to deduce that this package contains Paxton's head. In Italy, American art students Beth (Lauren German), Whitney (Bijou Phillips) and Lorna (Heather Matarazzo) are convinced by Axelle (Vera Jordanova), a nude model they are sketching, to join her on a vacation to a luxurious spa in Slovakia. The four travel by train to a small Slovakian village and check into the local hostel (the same one from the previous film), where the desk clerk (Milda Havlas) (the same clerk from the previous film), uploads their passport photos to an auction website. Several people around the world bid on the young American women, including hotshot American businessman Todd (Richard Burgi), who successfully bids on Whitney and Beth for himself and his passive best friend Stuart (Roger Bart) as their victims for their murder-vacation. Later that night, at the village's "Harvest Festival", Lorna discovers that Beth has inherited a vast fortune from her mother. Stuart approaches Beth and the two share a friendly, if awkward, conversation. An intoxicated Lorna leaves to go on a boat ride with Roman, a charismatic local, who suddenly kidnaps Lorna with the help of two accomplices. A local walks up to Beth and asks her for a dance, she declines. He responds with "I could have helped you." Beth doesn't understand and shortly afterward the hostel's clerk approaches and tells her "He won't bother you anymore." Beth and Whitney leave the party, while Axelle volunteers to stay behind and wait for Lorna. The next morning the three girls head to the local spa to relax. Basking in the relaxing atmosphere of the hot springs, Beth is able to fall somewhat at ease and dozes off. Meanwhile, a naked and gagged Lorna is shackled by her ankles and hanging upside down in a large room, where a woman named Mrs. Bathory (Monika Malacova) enters, undresses, and lies beneath Lorna. She then tortures Lorna by slashing her several times with a long scythe and bathing in her blood. After a few minutes, she grabs a smaller sickle and slits Lorna's throat, finally killing her. Meanwhile, Todd and Stuart arrive in Slovakia where the self-assured Todd continues to try to persuade Stuart to go through with their plan which is apparently an escape to cope with the frustrations of their daily lives and of their nagging wives. Stuart is still reluctant to kill a person as a way of acting out his frustration over living with his own nagging wife, but agrees to accompany Todd to the Elite Hunting site. At the spa, Beth awakens to find herself alone and her belongings stolen. As she looks for her friends, she notices several men approaching and surrounding her. Fearing for her life, she climbs over the spa's walls. While making her escape, she is ambushed by the "Bubblegum Gang", a gang of violent street children (also from the first Hostel film). Before they are able to descend upon her, however, Axelle and Sasha appear and ward them away from her. Axelle escorts a flustered but somewhat relieved Beth to their vehicle. With Axelle and Beth away, Sasha confronts the children. He is angered that they interfered with his "business operations." As punishment, and to warn against future transgressions, Sasha draws a pistol and has one of the children brought forward before him. Sasha summarily kills the boy, and the rest of the gang flees. After being taken to Sasha's mansion, Beth realizes that Sasha and Axelle are responsible for Whitney and Lorna's disappearances after seeing the men who tried to kidnap her at the spa coming up the stairs of Sasha's home. She tries to hide and discovers a hidden room filled with severed heads, including Paxton's, before being captured and taken to the factory. At the factory, a sobbing Whitney is strapped to a chair in one of the cells while an old woman applies makeup to her face and wipes a cut on her forehead with a fluid that stings. Whitney bites the tip off the woman's nose and escapes, only to be recaptured by the guards. Stuart then enters his room where Beth is strapped to a chair with a sack over her head. Stuart looks around the room at the tools with horror. He then takes the sack off Beth's head and explains about Elite Hunting. Stuart tells Beth that the group is a worldwide secret society where wealthy members come to Slovakia (one of a handful of countries) to kill people that the organization abducts. Sociopathic and psychopathic members and first time clients who have money to pay the enormous fees are given the chance to torture and kill people in various fantasy-like ways. All the high-paying members are important people of society in every country in the world (politicians, lawyers, doctors, policemen, directors, actors, businessmen, etc). He then unties her from the chair and lets her think she is escaping. He then punches Beth in the face. The passive Stuart now suddenly becomes angry and ranting and raving at Beth and begins yelling at her as if he feels he's talking to his domineering wife. Meanwhile, Whitney is taken to Todd's cell and strapped to a chair, where he taunts and terrorizes her with a small circular saw. Overwhelmed with excitement, Todd accidentally cuts into her face with a power saw, maiming her, which disturbs him so much that he now realizes the horrors of committing such an atrocity. He tries to leave, claiming he no longer wants to kill her. The guard explains that he must kill her if he wants to leave; when he refuses, the guards set the dogs on him, killing him for violating his contract. The guards then bandage Whitney and show her photograph to other clients in adjoining cells, offering her at a discount. In one room, a middle-aged, Italian-speaking cannibalistic client (Ruggero Deodato) puts in a bid. He is then shown cannibalizing Miroslav (Stanislav Ianevski), the friendly local guy who Whitney met at the Harvest festival. The young man's right foot is gone and on his left several layers of flesh are missing. The 'Italian Cannibal' continues to eat the young man's flesh while listening to the classical music score "Habenera" from the opera Carmen. The guards then move to another client, where the man bids. He is shown torturing a man on a metal rack that electrocutes his victim. The deranged and sadistic Stuart, now torturing Beth and blaming her for his friend's death, accepts the offer and kills Whitney. As he returns to finish with Beth, she seduces him into releasing her from the chair, then fights him off as he lies on her and chains Stuart to the chair. Beth grills Stuart for the code to the cell, then sticks a needle in his ear when he refuses to tell her. Stuart tells Beth the code, but she still needs to be buzzed through the door, which inadvertently summons Sasha and the guards to the room. Holding a pair of scissors over Stuart's crotch, Beth offers to buy her freedom with part of her inheritance. When Sasha explains to her that she must kill somebody to leave, and when Stuart harshly insults her, Beth cuts off his genitals and tosses them to one of the guard dogs; Beth then orders Stuart to be left to bleed to death as he screams in pain. Per the standard contract, Beth is given an Elite Hunting tattoo and is made an honorary member. Beth is then permitted to leave, but she is sternly ordered to keep silent about the organization for the rest of her life. In the closing scene, Axelle is lured from the village festival into the woods by the Bubblegum Gang, where the revenge-seeking Beth surprises and beheads her for leading her friends to their deaths. The film then ends on a shot of Axelle's decapitated body with the Bubblegum Gang happily dancing in the background and playing soccer with Axelle's severed head. 
 Havoc (2005)431) Two affluent suburban girls clash with the Latino gang culture of East Los Angeles. A pair of naive young girls learn that even the most insignificant actions can have lasting consequences. Influenced by the hip-hop thug lifestyle and seeking to explore life outside of their insulated, culturally homogenized suburb, pretty young teenagers Allison and Emily set their sights on East L.A. to experience the "gangsta" lifestyle firsthand. By the time the pair meet a ruthless Mexican drug dealer named Hector, some true-life Latino gang-bangers, and realize just how far out of their element they really are, it may already be too late to turn back. Giancarlos Calderon The lives of wealthy teenagers living in Los Angeles whose exposure to "hip hop culture" inspires them to imitate the "gangsta lifestyle." Although, they soon run into trouble when they come face-to-face with a real gang of Latino drug dealers. Zeno Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, set in a parking lot, a teenage filmmaker named Eric (Matt O'Leary) is attempting to document the faux-gangsta lifestyle enjoyed by Allison (Anne Hathaway) and her boyfriend Toby (Mike Vogel) gang of white upper-class teenagers living in the Pacific Palisades neighborhood. During this sequence, a brawl arbitrarily ensues between Toby's friends and a gang, which ends with both sides fleeing just before police arrive. Later that night, Toby's friends go to a party at Eric's house, and Allison's relationship with Toby as well her other friends Emily (Bijou Phillips) and Sam (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) is further revealed. At the end of the party, Allison and her boyfriend have sex at the back seat of the car. The scene ends with Allison giving him a blowjob. The next day, Allison meets with her father (Michael Biehn) at work to discuss family problems, the awkward conversation revealing the virtually non-existent relationship Allison has with her parents. Afterwards, she and her friends drive downtown into East LA, intent on buying marijuana, eventually encountering Latino drug dealer Hector (Freddy Rodriguez) and his crew. Toby and Hector make a deal, but Toby believes that Hector did not sell him enough for what he paid, and attempts to confront Hector, who pulls a gun on him, humiliating him in front of his friends. Allison persuades Hector to leave Toby alone. The next night, Allison and her girlfriends return to the location of the drug deal. There, she and her friends once again meet up with Hector and his crew, who invite them to a party at his house. Before they leave, Hector informs Allison of a motel where his crew regularly party, and invites her to stop by if she wishes. The next day, Eric continues his film project at Allison's home, with Allison turning his interview of her into a bizarre mind-game. That evening, Allison meets up with Hector again in a store, and he shows her around his neighborhood, while talking about his family and lifestyle. His guided tour abruptly ends when the police arrive in force, ostensibly on a drug bust. Allison winds up being arrested with the other present gang members, but is let off the hook save for arguments with her parents and Toby. The experience only serves to increase Allison's fascination with the inner-city lifestyle. The night after her release, Allison and Emily agree to head downtown the next evening to hang out with Hector's crew. Allison and Emily meet up with Hector and his gang at a motel, and a night of partying and drinking results in Allison and Emily asking Hector if they can join his crew. Hector informs them of their initiation; to join the gang, the two must roll a dice; the number they roll corresponds to the number of gang members they must have sex with to join. Allison rolls a one, Emily rolls a three. Hector and Allison pair off and get into bed, but Allison has second thoughts and pushes him away saying that she "can't stand it." He forcefully pushes her back down, but lets her go when she begins to psychically protest. Allison tries to get Emily to leave with her, but Emily is determined to follow through with the initiation. The gang, annoyed by Allison's protests, kick her out of the room where she sits, waiting. Allison, still waiting outside, hears a scream from inside the room and rushes in to find Emily crying out in pain with two guys on top of her forcing double penetration. Emily screams for them to stop and the guys storm out of the room, Hector cursing at them furiously in Spanish. The two girls leave the motel, distraught over what just occurred. The next day after school, Allison returns to the motel and confronts Hector over what had happened the previous night. Hector responds by calling her a poser who knows nothing about the realities of gang life. The same day, Emily is shown at a police station, accusing Hector and his crew of gang rape. Allison is brought in for questioning, but claims to know nothing about a rape. Hector is subsequently arrested, but quickly makes bail with his drug money. Hector and the members of his crew vow to seek out and silence Allison and Emily, but wind up getting lost in Bel-Air. Meanwhile, Toby and his gang are shown posing with guns in front of Eric and his video camera, making clear their intent on seeking revenge on Hector's crew for Emily's gang rape. Eric later shows Allison the footage, and Allison subsequently calls Toby and makes an ill-fated attempt to convince him that there was no rape and what he is doing is foolish. Allison then heads to Emily's house and reveals to her what Toby plans to do, and reveals to Emily's parents the truth about what happened at the motel. Allison's revelation of the truth to Emily's parents initially upsets Emily to the point of nearly attempting suicide, but eventually the two reconcile. Meanwhile, Toby and his gang arrive at Hector's motel and bust in violently, but only succeed in frightening a group of Latino women and a baby. Realizing their error, they leave, and on their drive home, the gang passes the SUV containing the members of Hector's crew that had been looking for Allison and Emily. The two gangs exchange looks, and the screen subsequently cuts to black. For a few seconds, only the sounds of tires squealing, people shouting and gunfire is heard as Hector and Toby's gang fight it out. In the final scene of the movie, Eric wraps up his film project with Allison saying that: "teens will be teens, but if adults are willing to reach out to them to connect and give them even just a small amount of insight, it's like they suddenly know everything." 