nm0005046:

 My So-Called Life (19941995)Summaries A 15-year-old girl and her trials and tribulations of being a teenager and dealing with friends, guys, parents, and school. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Moesha (19962001)Summaries A teenager struggles to come to terms with everything life throws at her. "Moesha" is a sitcom (which took more of a dramatic turn in later years) that follows the life of a black teenager living in the Leimert Park section of Los Angeles, California. For years since her mother's death, Moesha Mitchell has taken care of her father Frank and younger brother Myles. So when a teacher at her school, Dee, marries Frank, Moesha feels her territory being encroached upon by a new stepmother. As time goes on, the two females of the house learn to appreciate and cherish each other. Moesha's boy-crazy best friends Kim and Niecy and eternally-hungry neighbor and pal Hakeem are there to support her through all the drama in her life--and there's always plenty. Andell, a local smoothie-shop owner, is another close confidante of Moesha's, lending her wisdom to the teen when needed. Over the years, Moesha clashes the most with her father, who has difficulty watching his "pumpkin" grow up and often hates her boyfriends, especially "Q." Upon graduating from high school, Moesha attends "Cal U" with Hakeem and Niecy; meanwhile, the entire family struggles with a startling revelation about Moesha's cousin Dorian. JC It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Love & Basketball (2000)Summaries Monica and Quincy love and play basketball together through many life challenges from childhood to adulthood. In 1981 in L.A., Monica moves in next door to Quincy. They're 11, and both want to play in the NBA, just like Quincy's dad. Their love-hate relationship lasts into high school, with Monica's edge and Quincy's top-dog attitude separating them, except when Quincy's parents argue and he climbs through Monica's window to sleep on the floor. As high school ends, they come together as a couple, but within a year, with both of them playing ball at USC, Quincy's relationship with his father takes an ugly turn, and it leads to a break up with Monica. Some years later, their pro careers at a crossroads, they meet again. It's time for a final game of one-on-one with high stakes. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Good Burger (1997)55) A dim-witted teenager and his new coworker try to save the old burger joint they work for from failing after the opening of a brand new burger restaurant across the street, which's planning to put them out of business. Dexter Reed, a high-schooler is forced to get a summer job at a fast food restaurant called Good Burger after causing a car wreck by his school teacher Mr. Wheat. So Dexter must pay off his teacher's car by working very hard at Good Burger. Meanwhile things turned worse when Mondo Burger, a mammoth fast-food chain opens across the street, it looks like Good Burger is soon going to be history for good! Now it is up to Dexter and his new friend Ed the not-so bright cashier to save the day, as they develop a delicious special secret sauce that Ed created brings hundreds of new customers to their door and makes their new competition desperate to steal the recipe and all of their customers. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Dexter reed plans to have a nice relaxing summer but, good burger worker Ed is skating when dexter gets in to a car accident wth his teacher! Dexter has to put his summer plans aside and get a summer job. Ed helps him work at good burger where across the street mondoburger is opening and putting good burger out of business. Until Ed makes a amazing suace to put on the burgers and mondoburger wants to put good burger out of business. Dexter and Ed goes under cover at mondoburger and finds what mondoburger puts in there burger and ended up getting put up In a psycho home. The. The break out and steal a ice cream truck As a get away drive car. Ed had a idea to make the burgers even bigger and make the whole restaurant blow up. So the owner of mondoburger in jail for using illegal ingredients and everything is back to normal. shasha-20787 Teenagers working at fast food called Good Burger (including naive Ed and Dexter who has to pay off a car accident with his school teacher Mr. Wheat) face stiff competition from mega chain Mondo Burger who have their own fast food across the street. Ed has a homemade special sauce that makes Good Burger an instant hit.. Anonymous Ed is your normal (Ahem) employee of fast food, more specifically the food chain "Good Burger". Ed causes a car wreck involving Dexter Reed and Dexter's Teacher, Mr. Wheat. To pay off the debts on Wheat's Car, Dexter gets a job at Mondo Burger, the new burger chain across the street from Good Burger. Fired before the grand opening, Dexter turns to Good Burger for cash. After the opening, the employees of Mondo Burger decide to have a bit more than friendly competition. Can Dexter and Ed stop Mondo Burger? More importantly, will Dexter stay tolerant of Ed before he goes totally insane? Ian Pugh <skypilot@ezaccess.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 