nm0009010:

 Hot Shots! (1991)431) A parody of Top Gun (1986) in which a talented but unstable fighter pilot must overcome the ghosts of his father and save a mission sabotaged by greedy weapons manufacturers. Topper Harley, a top gun fighter pilot, is recalled to serve on the SS Essess. Topper's mission is to destroy Saddam Hussein's nuclear plants. Unfortunately, Topper is psychologically imbalanced and is sure to crack under pressure. Rob Hartill Ace pilot Topper Harley is asked to come back to the Navy for a special assignment (he dropped out to go live with Native Americans after an incident made him doubt his abilities). He has personality conflicts with the other Top Gun, as they are both romantically interested in the same woman. An aerospace company's owner is trying to sabotage the mission so the current fighter jet will be scrapped in favor of his jets. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1971, Navy fighter pilot Leland "Buzz" Harley soars through the skies with reckless abandon, agitating his co-pilot, Dominick "Mail Man" Farnham. In pursuit of an enemy plane, Buzz pushes the aircraft past its speed limit, and he and Mail Man are forced to eject. Entangled by his seat belt, Mail Man crash lands in a forest. He survives, but is shot by hunters who mistake him for a deer. Twenty years later. Navy Lieutenant Commander Block (Kevin Dunn) drives to a remote Indian reservation to convince Buzz Harley's son, Sean "Topper" Harley (Charlie Sheen), to return to the Navy for a special mission, but Topper, who lives in a tepee and goes by the name "Fluffy Bunny Feet," is not interested. However, Owatonna, "The Old One," (Rino Thunder) encourages the reluctant pilot to go. En route to Dudley Naval Air Station in California, Topper notices a beautiful woman (Valeria Golino) riding horseback in a meadow, and attempts to impress her by performing tricks on his motorcycle. When Topper arrives at the barracks, he introduces himself to new recruits. He is dismayed to learn that fellow pilot Jim "Wash Out" Pfaffenbach (John Cryer) suffers an acute vision disorder. As Topper unpacks, Pete "Dead Meat" Thompson (William O'Leary) asks about his family and loved ones, but Topper declares he has no time for love. Topper notices ace pilot Kent Gregory (Cary Elwes) on a nearby cot, and wonders if they have ever met. With great disdain, Kent reveals that he is Dominick "Mail Man" Farnham's son, before suggesting that Buzz Harley's antics caused his father's death. Topper refuses to believe the accusation. Dead Meat reminds the two men they are friends, not foes, and Topper and Kent reluctantly shake hands. Later, Topper reports for a psychological examination, where he discovers that his psychiatrist, Ramada Thompson, is the woman he saw in the horse meadow. She ignores his flirtatious advances, asking instead about his feelings regarding his father. Topper claims he does not think about the past. As he leaves the office, Ramada warns him to be careful. Heedless of her advice, he stumbles headlong into a mess of exposed electrical wires dangling from the ceiling. Later, the absent-minded Admiral Benson (Lloyd Bridges) briefs the pilots for a training run in anticipation of operation "Sleepy Weasel." In the air, despite a disturbing reminiscence of his father, Topper proves that he has not lost his flying prowess. Afterward, Topper runs into Ramada and flirts shamelessly with her, but when she announces her intention to ground him from flying, he storms off. That night, Lt. Commander Block attends a professional boxing match, where he exchanges information with the unscrupulous Mr. Wilson (Efrem Zimbalist Jr.), a manufacturer of "super-fighter" jets. Block confirms that Topper Harley is mentally unstable and certain to cause some kind of incident. Wilson notes that they can blame the mishap on inferior plane construction, and force the U.S. to buy new planes from his company. At a nearby nightclub, the fighter pilots socialize as Ramada Thompson sings a sultry rendition of a jazz standard. Kent Gregory, Ramada's former lover, watches with suspicion as she directs her performance to Topper Harley. Kent confronts the pilot, but Ramada breaks up the fight. Appeased, Kent kisses her goodnight. Ramada allows Topper to walk her home, before inviting him inside. The two spend an intimate evening together. The next day, before heading out for training exercises, Dead Meat and Wash Out wonder where Topper is. Wash Out, suspended due to his vision problem, laments the loss of their best pilot. Dead Meat walks arm in arm with his wife, Mary (Heidi Swedberg), who enthuses about their perfect life. On a whim, Wash Out dons Topper's helmet and flies out with the squad. However, his poor eyesight causes him to collide with Dead Meat's aircraft. Although Wash Out parachutes to safety, Dead Meat crashes. He survives the accident, but dies in the hospital at the hands of incompetent doctors. At the funeral, Lt. Commander Block meets with Mr. Wilson and insists they move forward with their plan. Wilson disagrees, thinking it would make more of an impact if the malfunction were to occur in combat. Frustrated, Block leaves. The flaky Admiral Benson disrupts the funeral when he mistakes a 10-gun salute as enemy gunfire. Later that day, Topper visits Ramada and confides his desire to resign from the Navy. She convinces him that the Sleepy Weasel team needs him. Topper professes his love for her, but she needs time to think. The pilot joins his squad on the S.S. Essess, an aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean. There, Admiral Benson orders the men to destroy a nuclear weapons plant located in Falafel Heights. When Topper Harley is designated lead pilot, Kent Gregory protests. Lt. Commander Block dismisses the criticism of Topper's temperament. The pilots prepare for takeoff, unaware that a mechanic working for Mr. Wilson has sabotaged one of the jets. In the air, enemy fighters approach, and Topper, overcome with memories of his father, disengages from formation. Block tells the pilots to abort the mission, but it is too late. Enemy aircraft surround them. In desperation, Block recalls Buzz Harvey's bravery on the day of Mail Man's death, jolting Topper out of his reverie. With a renewed sense of purpose, Topper joins the fight. He discovers that his weapons system is jammed, but destroys four enemy fighters using gravity-defying evasive maneuvers. He proceeds to Falafel Heights, where he drops a missile on Saddam Hussein and the nuclear plant. The Sleepy Weasel squadron returns to the aircraft carrier, where everyone celebrates Topper's heroic deeds. After Lt. Commander Block apologizes for his liaison with Mr. Wilson, Admiral Benson apprehends the crook. The warship returns to California, and amidst the homecoming fanfare, Topper searches for Ramada. He sees her in an embrace with Kent Gregory, and mistakenly assumes they have reunited. Dejected, Topper returns to the Indian reservation. However, when he arrives, Ramada is already there. She welcomes him into her arms with a kiss. 
 Welcome Home, Roxy Carmichael (1990)Summaries A small town prepares for the homecoming of superstar Roxy Carmichael, as does a young outsider, who believes Roxy is her mother. Although Roxy left town more than fifteen years ago, her memory has never faded. Her expected return starts to impact a number of lives, including that of her former partner Denton Webb. But it is Dinky, the adopted daughter of the Bossettis and ignored by most of her classmates as a strange loner, who may be most changed. She is convinced she is Roxie's secret child. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hot Shots! Part Deux (1993)431) "Rambo" parody in which Topper Harley leads a rescue team into Iraq to save Iraqi war prisoners and all of their previous rescue teams. Topper Harley is found working as an odd-job-man in a monastery. The CIA wants him to lead a rescue mission into Iraq, to rescue the last rescue team, who went in to rescue the last rescue team who... who went in to rescue hostages left behind after Desert Storm. The President is Tug Benson, who also likes to be in on the action. Basically, it's a send-up of all the big shoot-em-up Rambo/Robocop/T2/Commando-type movies. Rob Hartill Topper Harley has retired again, now living in a budhist monastery, and again he's asked to lead a special operation into Iraq, to rescue the guys who were sent to rescue the guys who were sent to rescue some prisoners left behind after the Persian Gulf War, where he will meet again with his beloved Ramada while he tries to uncover who the traitor is and kill as many Iraqis as he can. xeneize007 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a covert government mission to rescue hostages from Operation Desert Storm, a group of U.S. soldiers fail to assassinate Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein (Jerry Haleva) and are captured by Iraqi forces. Because the mission has failed twice before, the eccentric and absent-minded former U.S. Navy Admiral Thomas "Tug" Benson (Lloyd Bridges), now the President of the United States, suspects the team is being sabotaged and decides to send retired Navy war hero Lieutenant Sean "Topper" Harley (Charlie Sheen) to intervene. Presidential Military Advisor Colonel Denton Walters (Richard Crenna) and Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) official Michelle Rodham Huddleston (Brenda Bakke) locate Topper in Thailand, fighting as a boxer and practicing Buddhism. He refuses to help rescue the imprisoned soldiers, still troubled by the abandonment of his lover, Ramada Rodham Hayman (Valeria Golino). Two weeks later, Topper learns that Colonel Walters has been captured during yet another botched hostage rescue. He reconsiders the CIA's plea and arrives at the White House during a diplomatic dinner with the Japanese prime minister. After the event, Michelle Huddleston seduces Topper in the backseat of her car and they return to her house to make love (a spoof of 'No Way Out'). When Michelle and Topper arrive in Iraq, they assume control of the operation from Commander Arvid Harbinger (Miguel Ferrer), the sole escapee of the second failed raid. Harbinger informs them they only have eleven hours to free the prisoners. Michelle orders Topper and Harbinger to lead Officers Rabinowitz (Ryan Stiles) and Williams (Michael Colyar) through the jungle, promising to meet them later. In the forest, the men encounter an intelligence contact that turns out to be Topper's former lover, Ramada. She explains she was married to Dexter Hayman (Rowan Atkinson), a CIA training pilot who was long presumed dead, and left Topper when she learned he was still alive. Although Topper and his team survive an Iraqi attack on their river patrol boat, Michelle informs President Benson they have gone missing. As they move toward the prison camp, Topper suspects Harbinger of being the saboteur, and Ramada reveals her husband is among the hostages. Sneaking inside the grounds, they steal the guard's keys and release Colonel Walters. Tired of fighting, Harbinger begins to cry. Satisfied he is not the traitor, Topper briefly stops to console him before resuming fire on hundreds of Iraqi guards. Ramada is shot in the crossfire, but a locket around her neck stops the bullet. Topper realizes the locket contains his photograph, and Ramada admits she never stopped loving him. Topper continues to Saddam Hussein's palace, where the dictator challenges him to a sword fight. Topper's sword breaks, but he resumes the duel using a cordless telephone antenna. Meanwhile, President Benson devises a new rescue mission in which he will personally SCUBA dive through Iraqi waters to reach the palace. He appears just in time to save Topper from being sliced open, and continues fighting in the younger man's place with a new sword. While President Benson distracts Saddam Hussein, Topper frees Dexter Hawley from his cell. Colonel Walters and the remainder of the team prepare to leave in Michelle's rescue helicopter, but Ramada stops upon seeing the CIA agent, who once was her college roommate. Michelle reveals herself to be the mole, declaring that she remains bitter over a past misunderstanding with Michelle and acted out of jealousy over Topper's affections. Inside the palace, President Barton sprays Hussein and his pet Yorkshire terrier with a fire extinguisher, and the pressurized nitrogen freezes their bodies, which shatter into thousands of tiny splinters (spoof of 'Terminator 2'). The pieces liquefy from the warmth of the fireplace and reform into Hussein, who is now adorned with his dog's fur, ears, and nose. Colonel Walters handcuffs Michelle and puts her on the helicopter back to the U.S. Once Topper reunites Ramada with her husband, Dexter, he urges his former lover to escape while he goes back for the president. Before they leave, Dexter insists on taking a photograph of Topper and Ramada, but falls backward over a cliff while attempting to frame the shot. President Benson catches up to Topper and the team, with Hussein in close pursuit. While the helicopter struggles to lift off, Topper lightens their load by pushing a grand piano overboard. The fallen instrument crushes Hussein (spoof of the house dropping on the witch in 'The Wizard of Oz'), and Topper kisses Ramada as they fly away on the helicopter into the sunset. 
 The 72nd Primetime Emmy Awards (2020 TV Special)Summaries Awards show celebrating and honoring television's best; Jimmy Kimmel host; H.E.R. performs. Comic Jimmy Kimmel hosts the 72nd awards ceremony, where " Watchmen (2019) " leads the field with 26 nominations, followed by " The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel (2017) " with 20 nods, while director Tyler Perry receives the Governors Award for his achievements in television. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 