nm0003623:

 If I Had a Hammer (1999)Summaries Goofy daydreamer Phil Buckley meets the cause caring Lorraine in a music store and the two hit it off, and agree to spend the evening together at a local beatnik coffee house which offer it's patrons an open mic to perform. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Perfect Tenant (2000)211) Twenty years ago Danny Summer found his father hanging from the rafters on Christmas Eve. Ever since that night he has been plotting revenge. When Brian Hartwell moves into Jessica Michael's guesthouse, she has no idea that her new tenant has a deadly agenda to go with his new identity. Her daughter Laura doesn't trust him from the beginning but can't convince her mother that there's more to "The Perfect Tenant" than meets the eye. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When Brian Hartwell moves into Jessica Michael's guesthouse, she has no idea that her new tenant harbours a deadly agenda. 
 The Upper Hand (2001)Summaries Three roommates receive a mysterious item in the mail. Driven by curiousity, they embark on a journey that will alter their lives forever. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Nothing Special (2010)Summaries Nothing much. The story is really genuine. In her debut feature film, writer/director Angela Garcia Combs spins a dark and funny tale of an ambitious young woman at a crucial turning point in her career and her relationship with her bi-polar mother. Louise (Julia Garcia Combs) is an insurance underwriter living in Los Angeles with her mother, May (Karen Black), who has recently been evicted from her Section 8 apartment after the building was condemned. May's shaky grip on reality begins to loosen when she becomes aware of the close relationship between Louise and her trailblazing boss, Catherine (Barbara Bain), whom Louise admires and adores. Catherine is secretly fighting cancer and has an estranged relationship with her own daughter, and reaches out to Louise as a surrogate. At the same time, Catherine is pushing Louise to accept a big promotion, which will compel Louise to relocate to New York. Things heat up when May and Catherine meet by chance on Mother's Day and an alarming confrontation ensues. Throw into the mix a budding romance between Louise and the local bartender, and we find ourselves in the midst of a gripping story of the joys and heartaches of mother-daughter relationships, and the intense emotional lives of three remarkable women living in the shadow of the Hollywood sign. Angela Garcia Combs It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 