nm0004711:

 Bringing Out the Dead (1999)Summaries Haunted by the patients he failed to save, a monumentally burned-out Manhattan ambulance paramedic fights to maintain his sanity over three increasingly turbulent nights. An Easter story. Frank is a Manhattan medic, working graveyard in a two-man ambulance team. He's burned out, exhausted, seeing ghosts, especially a young woman he failed to save six months' before, and no longer able to save people: he brings in the dead. We follow him for three nights, each with a different partner: Larry, who thinks about dinner, Marcus, who looks to Jesus, and Tom, who wallops people when work is slow. Frank befriends the daughter of a heart victim he brings in; she's Mary, an ex-junkie, angry at her father but now hoping he'll live. Frank tries to get fired, tries to quit, and keeps coming back, to work and to Mary, in need of his own rebirth. <jhailey@hotmail.com> 48 hours in the life of a burnt-out paramedic. Once called Father Frank for his efforts to rescue lives, Frank sees the ghosts of those he failed to save around every turn. He has tried everything he can to get fired, calling in sick, delaying taking calls where he might have to face one more victim he couldn't help, yet cannot quit the job on his own. Erwin van Moll <max404@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Man on Fire (2004)761) In Mexico City, a former CIA operative swears vengeance on those who committed an unspeakable act against the family he was hired to protect. Hard-drinking, burnt-out ex-CIA operative John Creasy has given up on life until he's hired as a bodyguard to protect 9-year-old Pita Ramos. Bit by bit, Creasy begins to reclaim some of his soul, but when Pita is kidnapped, Creasy's fiery rage is finally released and he will stop at nothing to save her as he sets out on a dangerous, revenge-fueled rescue mission. Freddie Bidwell John Creasy is a hard drinking ex-CIA operative whose past causes him to carry a heavy conscience. Creasy reluctantly takes a job as a bodyguard to a little girl in Mexico City, Lupita Ramos. Although Creasy is burnt out, with Pita's help, he learns to live again. Just as Creasy is regaining his own well-being, Pita is taken by experienced kidnappers. He tries valiantly to fight them off, but they flee with Pita. At this point Creasy will stop at nothing to find those involved and exact justice. Creasy wages all-out war on anyone involved, learning about the corruption in the highest of places and their involvement in the kidnapping racket. Dalton M Slowly falling into deep depression against the backdrop of a seemingly-endless string of violent abductions in bustling Mexico City, the former U.S. Marine Corps officer and now a burnt-out heavy drinker, John Creasy, hesitantly accepts a new job as a personal bodyguard for 9-year-old Pita Ramos. Little by little, the distant, taciturn gun-for-hire will surprisingly find a new purpose in life; however, when John fails to protect the young heiress from a blood-drenched kidnapping operation, his whole world crumbles into dust. Now, a war against everyone involved in Pita's abduction is the only solution. Who can stand in the way of a man on fire? Nick Riganas A wave of kidnappings has swept through Mexico, feeding a growing sense of panic among its wealthier citizens, especially parents. In one six-day period, there were 24 abductions, leading many to hire bodyguards for their children. Into this world enters John Creasy, a burned-out ex-CIA operative/assassin, who has given up on life. Creasy's friend Rayburn brings him to Mexico City to be a bodyguard to 9-year-old Pita Ramos, daughter of industrialist Samuel Ramos and his wife Lisa. Creasy is not interested in being a bodyguard, especially to a youngster, but for lack of something better to do, he accepts the assignment. Creasy barely tolerates the precocious child and her pestering questions about him and his life. But slowly, she chips away at his seemingly impenetrable exterior, his defenses drop, and he opens up to her. Creasy's new-found purpose in life is shattered when Pita is kidnapped. Despite being seriously wounded during the kidnapping, he vows to kill anyone involved in or profiting from the kidnapping. And no one can stop him. Sujit R. Varma In Mexico City, John Creasy, former CIA assassin and current decadent alcoholic, is hired by industrialist Samuel Ramos, with the recommendation of his old friend Rayburn, to be the bodyguard of his young daughter Pita and his wife Lisa. Pita changes the behavior of the cold Creasy, making him live and smile again, and he feels a great affection for her. When the girl is kidnapped, Creasy swears to kill everyone responsible for the abduction. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Mexico City, criminal gangs are kidnapping rich people and extorting their families for the lucrative ransom money. A young man, "Eighteen," is walking through the city streets with his girlfriend, and he is kidnapped. As police detective Victor Fuentes ( Jess Ochoa ) consoles the family, Eighteen's wealthy father receives a call from human trafficker Daniel Sanchez ( Gustavo Snchez Parra ), who is very interested in Eighteen's ten million dollar life insurance policy. The father and Fuentes arrange a dead drop, and Eighteen is found near a freeway overpass, blindfolded and in his underwear, but alive. Mexican businessman Samuel Ramos ( Marc Anthony ) discusses this incident with his attorney Jordan Kalfus ( Mickey Rourke ), as it has convinced Ramos' wife, Lisa ( Radha Mitchell ), that they need to hire a bodyguard for their nine-year-old daughter Lupita "Pita" Ramos ( Dakota Fanning ). Ramos is reluctant to do this, and it is implied that he is having financial problems, as Pita had a bodyguard until recently but they had to let him go. Kalfus reminds Ramos that he needs to hire another bodyguard in order to renew the family's ransom insurance, and recommends he talk to Paul Rayburn ( Christopher Walken ), a former CIA agent who now runs an executive security firm. Rayburn refers the family to his old CIA buddy John Creasy ( Denzel Washington ). Ramos is impressed with Creasy's rsum, which includes a variety of counterinsurgency and counter-terrorism activities. However, Creasy is burned out from all the death and horror and has taken to alcoholism to ease the burden. He even attempts suicide, which fails when his gun misfires. Rayburn attributes this to a bullet's tendency to find its way to truly deserving targets. Creasy is not interested in bodyguard work and even less with the youngster, but he needs a job. Creasy's initial impatience slowly fades as he finds himself opening up to the child. He replaces her parents in their absence, giving her advice and coaching her in her swimming lessons and competitions. He helps her overcome her fear of the sound of starter pistols, turning it into an eagerness to move at the sound of one. Pita gives Creasy an emblem of St. Jude, the patron saint of lost causes, saying she bought it for him with her own money. Shortly after delivering her to a piano audition, Creasy notices a suspicious vehicle driving past and a pair of police cars blocking off the surrounding street. As Pita emerges from the building and freezes, Creasy pulls out his gun and fires a shot into the air, similar to a starter pistol, startling her into running away. During the ensuing gun battle, four of the attackers are fatally shot, including two corrupt police officers. The battle leaves Creasy seriously wounded and unconscious, allowing the surviving kidnappers to grab the child. The police chief publicly ridicules Creasy while he is unconscious in the hospital, claiming he murdered the two police officers. A journalist, Mariana Guerrero ( Rachel Ticotin ) finds it suspicious that the cops were supposed to be off duty, yet were in uniform and driving squad cars. Her Federal Ministerial Police contact, Miguel Manzano ( Giancarlo Giannini ), matter of factly states that the cops were corrupt. They decide to talk to Creasy once he has recovered. Although Kalfus wants the police kept out of the negotiation for Pita's release, the death of the two officers make the kidnapping a police matter, so Fuentes takes charge, assuring the family that the chances of Pita's safe return are good as long as they listen to him. Soon after, Sanchez demands a dead drop ransom of ten million dollars in exchange for Pita. Although Ramos is instructed to come to the drop alone, Fuentes advises against this, and accompanies Ramos to the drop. The drop goes badly, as the kidnappers are ambushed, and Ramos and Fuentes are forced to flee. A furious Sanchez reveals that his nephew was killed in the ambush, and he blames this on Ramos disobeying his instructions. He says that Pita is lost to them forever, which is assumed to mean she is dead. Rayburn learns about Creasy's situation and helps Creasy escape to a safe house where he can recover from his injuries. After Creasy is well, he returns to Pita's home and promises Lisa that he will kill everyone who was involved in, or profited from, the kidnapping. With help from Guerrero and Manzano, Creasy learns that the corrupt cops belong to a powerful crime syndicate called La Hermandad (Spanish for "the Brotherhood"). Creasy kidnaps and tortures several Brotherhood members, forcing them to reveal the names of the people involved in the kidnapping ring, including Fuentes. With help from Guerrero, he learns that Fuentes will be travelling through the city in a high security motorcade. Using a hotel room as a sniper's nest, Creasy uses a rocket launcher to destroy the armored vehicles escorting Fuentes' limo, then heads down to the street to engage the remaining guards. After a protracted shootout with Creasy using advanced guerilla warfare tactics, Creasy hijacks the limo and knocks Fuentes out. Under interrogation, Fuentes reveals that he ambushed the dead drop because he had had organized so many of them in the past, he thought it would be easy money. However, the bags stolen from the drop only contained 2.5 million, a quarter of the actual ransom. Fuentes begs to be spared, insisting that he is just a hired professional like Creasy. A disgusted Creasy reveals that he planted an explosive within Fuentes' rectum while he was unconscious, and it will explode in five minutes. As Creasy walks away, Fuentes spends the last few minutes of his life screaming until the explosive detonates, killing him. Creasy traces another 2.5 million to Kalfus and goes to his house to confront him, only to find his decapitated body floating in a pool. He confronts Ramos, who admits that he was danger of going bankrupt, so Kalfus suggested they stage Pita's kidnapping so he could collect the insurance money. Kalfus had made most of the arrangements, and assured Ramos that Pita would simply be watching cartoons in a safehouse for a few hours. Things went south once Fuentes got too greedy, Ramos blamed Kalfus for this and had him executed. Creasy leaves a pistol (the same one from his failed suicide attempt) and a single bullet on the table, reiterating Rayburn's earlier advice about bullets always finding deserving targets. After Creasy and Lisa leave, Ramos uses the gun to kill himself. As Creasy continues his pursuit of Sanchez, Manzano's men are tracking him electronically. Guerrero prepares to publish Sanchez' photo in the newspaper but is attacked on the way home by a gang member who threatens to kill her if she publishes the picture. The paper publishes it anyway and the headlines label it "Tiene Vo el Miedo" ("Fear has a Voice"). After Creasy learns where Sanchez' brother Aurelio ( Gero Camilo ) lives, he gains access to his apartment. Aurelio wounds Creasy in the chest, but Creasy is able to chase him. Aurelio attempts to escape in a VW bus, but Creasy wounds him and he crashes into a large truck. Creasy takes Aurelio back to his apartment and captures Sanchez' very pregnant wife, Raina. He tortures Aurelio and forces Raina to page Sanchez who then calls back. Creasy is intent on killing Sanchez when Sanchez reveals that Pita is still alive. He offers to release her if Creasy surrenders himself and lets Aurelio live. Creasy agrees and takes Lisa to a remote rural area to make the exchange. After Pita runs to her mother, Aurelio and Creasy get into a car, which speeds off. In the back seat, Creasy dies from his gunshot wound and drops the emblem of St. Jude that Pita gave him. An epilogue reveals that Sanchez was killed by Manzano during a police raid that same day. 
 The Mask of Zorro (1998)761) A young thief seeking revenge for his brother's death is trained by the once-great, aging Zorro, who is pursuing his own vengeance. In 1821 Old California, mysterious black-caped masked avenger of the oppressed, Don Diego de la Vega--Zorro--lands in jail after once again humiliating the evil Spanish governor Don Rafael Montero. With his only daughter raised by Don Rafael as his own, the grizzled swordsman makes a daring escape nearly two decades later, and takes under his wing the unrefined outlaw Alejandro Murietta to teach him the ropes and hopefully become the next Zorro. Now, the stage is set for a ferocious final confrontation, as the new young rapier-wielder prepares to thwart the despicable governor's sinister plans. Can Alejandro live up to legendary Zorro's name? Nick Riganas The original Zorro, Don Diego de la Vega (Sir Anthony Hopkins), is captured and imprisoned just as Spain concedes California to Santa Anna. 20 years later, his mortal enemy, Don Rafael Montero (Stuart Wilson), returns to California with a plan to become wealthy at the expense of the peasants. The original Zorro escapes from prison and trains a new Zorro to take his place. Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> Don Diego de la Vega/Zorro (Sir Anthony Hopkins) returns from exile to avenge the death of his wife, who was killed by his enemy, Don Rafael Montero (Stuart Wilson). Montero took de la Vega's daughter Elena (Catherine Zeta-Jones) and raised her as Elena Montero. The older Zorro takes it upon himself to train his successor, Alejandro Murrieta (Antonio Banderas), who had once helped Zorro escape. Alejandro is cocky and comical, but shows some talent with sword play. Kathy Clark <kemoore@cyberramp.net> Zorro (Sir Anthony Hopkins) saves three men from the fleeing Spanish Governor (Stuart Wilson), but is followed to his home where his wife is killed and his infant daughter taken and is imprisoned. 20 years later, he escapes and finds his daughter (Catherine Zeta-Jones) has been raised as the Governor's child. Vowing revenge, he takes a young thief (Antonio Banderas), who is also seeking revenge as his apprentice, who will become the new wearer of the Mask of Zorro. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> In early-19th-century California, masked swordsman hero Zorro (Sir Anthony Hopkins) was a champion of the people against the tyranny of Spanish rule, represented by the ruthless Governor Montero (Stuart Wilson). Unfortunately, on the eve of his greatest triumph, the liberation of California, Montero learns of Zorro's secret identity as Don Diego de la Vega and attacks the rebel in his house, leaving him imprisoned, his wife dead and his daughter abducted to be claimed as the child of Montero. 20 years later, Montero returns to California intent on a foul plan to bring it under his total control. Upon learning of his return, Don Diego escapes from his long imprisonment and prepares for his revenge. Part of it involves the training of an orphan (Antonio Banderas), who helped him as a boy to become his successor. Together, the two must prepare to do battle with Montero and his American henchman to save California and reunite with Diego's lost daughter (Catherine Zeta-Jones). So once again, the enemies of freedom and justice in California must fear of the man who leaves the mark of the Z. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1821, the Mexican Army is on the verge of liberating its country from Spanish colonial rule. In the area of Las Californias the ruthless Spanish Governor, Don Rafael Montero, is about to be overthrown. In a last ditch effort to trap his nemesis, the masked swordsman Zorro (Anthony Hopkins), Montero prepares to execute three innocent townspeople. With assistance from two orphan brothers, Joaquin and Alejandro Murrieta, Zorro releases the prisoners. Zorro rewards the Murrieta brothers with a special medallion he wears, and escapes on his horse, Toronado, after cutting a "Z" into Montero's neck as a parting gift and warning. The same night, however, Montero confronts Zorro at his home, having deduced that Zorro is really Don Diego de la Vega, a Spanish nobleman married to Esperanza, the woman Montero had always loved. Attempting to arrest Diego, a fight ensues, during which Esperanza is killed while trying to protect Diego. Diego's house is burned and his infant daughter, Elena, is taken to Spain by Montero to be raised as his own while Diego is taken to prison. Twenty years later, Montero secretly returns to California, looking for Diego in the old prison. Although de La Vega is there, Montero does not recognize him, while several prisoners claim to be Zorro. Diego later escapes, intent on killing Montero the following day at a public ceremony for Montero's return. However, Diego restrains himself when he sees Elna (Catherine Zeta-Jones), now a beautiful young lady. Elena is presented with a bouquet of flowers - Romagnas, native to California - the scent of which she recognizes, although she incorrectly believes she has never been to California before. Diego soon meets an adult Alejandro Murrieta (Antonio Banderas), whom he recognizes by the medal he awarded Joaquin. Now a drunken, clumsy bandit, Alejandro is bitter over the recent capture of his mentor, bandit Three-Fingered Jack (L. Q. Jones), and the murder of Joaquin by the sadistic Texian Army Captain Harrison Love, Montero's commander-in-chief. Diego recruits and trains Alejandro to become his successor. After some training, Alejandro dons a makeshift costume and clumsily steals a black stallion resembling Toronado, Diego's former steed. En route, Alejandro encounters Elna. Escaping from Captain Love, Alejandro seeks refuge in a nearby church, with the assistance of the town priest and Zorro's old friend, Father Felipe. Alejandro hides in the confessional, where Elna unwittingly reveals her infatuation with the mysterious "bandit" she had just met. Upon his return, Diego scolds Alejandro, claiming that Zorro was a servant of the people, not a thief and adventurer. Diego rebuffs a challenge by Alejandro, instructing him that to gain Montero's trust, Alejandro must convince Montero that he is "a gentleman of stature." Posing as visiting nobleman Don Alejandro del Castillo y Garca, with Diego as his servant, Alejandro attends a party at Montero's hacienda, where he quickly gains Elna's admiration and enough of Montero's trust for the latter to invite him to a secret meeting. There, Montero hints at a plan to retake all of California for the Dons by buying it from their hero, General Santa Anna, who is desperately in need of money to fund his ongoing war with the United States. The next day, Alejandro and the Dons are taken by Montero to a secret gold mine known as "El Dorado", where peasants and petty criminals are used as slave labor. Montero reveals that he plans to buy California from Santa Anna using gold mined from his own land. Three-Fingered Jack, now a slave, attacks the noblemen and is killed by Captain Love. Meanwhile, Diego uses this opportunity to become closer to Elna, though he identifies himself as "Bernardo" the servant (a homage to the name of Zorro's mute sidekick from the original story), learning that Montero told Elena that her mother died in childbirth. Later, while walking in a local market, Elna meets the woman who had been her nanny and used to hang romagnas on her crib. Diego later sends Alejandro, dressed as Zorro, to steal the map leading to the gold mine from Montero's hacienda. In the process, Zorro duels and fights off Montero, Captain Love, and their guards. As he escapes to the stable, he is confronted by Elna, who attempts to retrieve the map belonging to her "father." While Elena shows considerable skill with a sword, Zorro nonetheless manages to defeat her, then playfully cuts off her bodice, leaving her in nothing but her underwear and her long tresses. After a passionate kiss, Zorro flees the stable and shakes off his pursuers. Meanwhile, terrified of Santa Anna's retribution if he discovers that he is being paid with his own gold, Montero and Captain Love decide to destroy the mine with explosives and kill the workers, thereby leaving no evidence. Alejandro uses the stolen map to locate the mine in order to release the workers. Diego tells Alejandro to release them on his own, so that he can confront Montero and reclaim Elena as his daughter. Alejandro sets off to the mine, feeling betrayed by Diego's personal vendetta. Later that night, Diego corners Montero at the hacienda and reveals his true identity. After being summoned by her presumed "father," Montero captures Diego after threatening to kill him in front of Elena. As he is escorted away by guards, Diego tells Elena the name of the flowers she recognized upon her arrival to California, convincing her that Diego is her true father. She later releases Diego from his cell, and they proceed to the mine. There, Zorro prevents Captain Love from loading gold onto a wagon to be taken from the mine, and engages him in a duel. Diego prevents Montero from shooting Zorro, and they also duel. After disarming Montero, Elna appeals for him to spare Montero's life. Montero capitalizes by threatening Elna, and then wounding Diego. Zorro ultimately defeats and mortally wounds Love in a protracted swordfight taking them through various points around the mine. Though mortally wounded, Diego also defeats Montero, by having a gold-laden wagon drag Montero off a cliff and crushing Love in the process. Elna and Alejandro, now without his mask, free the captive workers before the explosives set by Love go off. Before dying in their arms, Diego makes peace with Alejandro, fully passes the mantle of Zorro to him, and gives his blessings for Alejandro's and Elena's prospective marriage. In the film's epilogue, Alejandro and Elna are married and have a son named Joaquin, in honor of Alejandro's brother. As Elena puts Joaguin to sleep, Alejandro exits the room and as Zorro, draws his sword and makes his trademark 'Z' as the credits roll. 
 Runaway Bride (1999)Summaries A reporter is assigned to write a story about a woman who has left a string of fiancs at the altar. New York columnist Ike Graham elaborates, for once without full fact checking, the story he heard from a bar mate of Maryland small town girl Maggie Carpenter, who left several grooms at the altar, taking off without warning or serious reason. Fearing a legal case from Maggie, Ike's editor and ex Ellie fires him. Staff buddy Fisher cues Ike to seek his job back (or earn another) by attempting to prove the alleged inaccuracies and/or writing a priceless follow-up piece. So his sports-car heads for her home Hale, where she runs a garage and designs glassware. His charms and journalistic nose get everyone to open up and reveal her embarrassing past before she can swear people to silence, from her three dumped grooms and family to her overconfident present groom, high school coach Bob Kelly. In the process, Maggie finds hating him as hard as tempting, while Ike develops a strange appreciation for the maverick, until even Bob sees reason to get jealous. KGF Vissers Ike Graham, New York columnist, writes his text always at the last minute. This time, a drunken man in his favourite bar tells Ike about Maggie Carpenter, a woman who always flees from her grooms in the last possible moment. Ike, who does not have the best opinion about females anyway, writes an offensive column without researching the subject thoroughly. The next day, Ike gets fired by his publisher (and former wife), because he went too far and faked the facts, which real journalists don't do. Ike's only way back into the business now is to do a fact-based report on Maggie and her upcoming fourth wedding attempt, which Ike predicts to fail again. So, as he circles her like a vulture his prey-to-be, Maggie's opinion of Ike sinks below zero. Not only is Ike waiting for her to fail again but the whole town is poking fun at Maggie about her mistakes. But that is a point which Ike doesn't like. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 