nm0006463:

 Morning Glory (2010)Summaries An upstart television producer accepts the challenge of reviving a struggling morning show program with warring co-hosts. Becky (Rachel McAdams) is a hard-working morning TV show producer, or at least she was until she got fired. Desperate to get a job, she finally gets an interview with Jerry (Jeff Goldblum) - who is desperate to hire a producer for the struggling show "Daybreak". Becky accepts the job and it proves to be more difficult than even she might be able to handle. She has to fire the sexist co-host, then try to convince egotistical news reporter, Mike Pomeroy (Harrison Ford), to take the job, and then try and get him to actually do the job, properly. And she has to do this while falling for handsome Adam (Patrick Wilson), and trying to save the show from plummeting ratings. Will Becky be able to hold on to her dream job and her sanity? napierslogs It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Practice (19972004)Summaries We follow the exploits and cases of defense attorneys of a Boston law firm. Bobby Donnell is the senior defense attorney and founder of the firm. Bobby Donnell is the head of a struggling Boston law firm that seems to constantly struggle with ethical themes while defending murderers, rapists, etc. Jimmy, Eugene, Ellenor and Lindsay are junior attorneys with the firm, the streetwise receptionist, and Helen the firm's frequent adversary with the D.A.'s office in this smart and clever weekly series. Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sweet November (2001)Summaries A workaholic executive, and an unconventional woman agree to a personal relationship for a short period. In this short period she changes his life. The story centers around a man and a woman, whose fates are intertwined and will change forever. Nelson is an avid advertiser living in San Francisco. One day, during a driving test, he meets Sara, a beautiful but seemingly eccentric woman. But, she is falsely accused of cheating and ends up failing the test because of Nelson. After getting kicked out of the exam, Sara waits for him outside and starts to insult him. However, Nelson ignores her and takes off. Then, she traces him down and shows up at his place. She promises to leave him alone only if he gives her a ride. Later that night, she asks him to live with her throughout November on the promise that his life will change for the better. He turns her down saying that he has a girlfriend. On the first day of November, after being fired and dumped on the very same day, Nelson decides to give it a try and then somehow, agrees to spend the whole month with Sara and finds himself in a desperate love affair that he will remember for the rest of his life. Emre Gunes Nelson is a man devoted to his advertising career in San Francisco. One day, while taking a driving test at the DMV, he meets Sara. She is very different from the other women in his life. Nelson causes her to miss out on taking the test and later that day she tracks him down. One thing leads to another and Nelson ends up living with her through a November that will change his life forever. V. Piper It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Stepford Wives (2004)541) The secret to a Stepford wife lies behind the doors of the Men's Association. Joanna Eberhart, a wildly successful president of a TV Network, after a series of shocking events, suffers a nervous breakdown and is moved by her milquetoast of a husband, Walter, from Manhattan to the chic, upper-class, and very modern planned community of Stepford, Connecticut. Once there, she makes good friends with the acerbic Bobbie Markowitz, a Jewish writer who's also a recovering alcoholic. Together they find out, much to their growing stupor and-then horror, that all the housewives in town are strangely blissful and, somehow... doomed. What is going on behind the closed doors of the Stepford Men's Association and the Stepford Day Spa? Why is everything perfect here? Will it be too late for Joanna and Bobbie when they finally find out? Miguel Cane <stepford@yahoo.com> Joanna Eberhart is a successful TV producer on the verge of yet another Emmy-winning streak of TV shows when she is fired from her job at a prestigious network. She then has a mental breakdown and her husband Walter and their two children move to Stepford, Conneticut, the most perfectly perfect little town there ever was. The women of Stepford spend all day knitting, gardening, exercising in beautiful dresses, and are the most splendid of all women on Earth. Soon, Joanna along with her best-selling author buddy, Bobbie and democratic, flamboyant fairy friend Roger realize that something isn't right in Stepford. All is not as perfect as it seems... especially after Roger and Bobbie are turned into perfect portraits of Stepford. Why are the women of Stepfrod so perfect? What do the Stepford Husbands have to do with the scheme? Will Joanna ultimately uncover the truth? Or are the Stepford coming for her to make her a blonde, bubbly piece of perfection? Justin Tyler, int0xicat3xm3@aol.com This film is about a family who has to start their lives over again after the parents leave their jobs. They move to a place called Stepford, but this gated-community appears to be a little too good to be true. The women all act as though they've been brain-washed and the men just seem to sit around the men's club all day. After two of Kidman's new friends seem to have undergone a change, she's determined to leave, but can she escape before it's too late? thexotherxchris Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Joanna Eberhart (Nicole Kidman) is a top New York TV executive who specializes in reality TV shows in which women get the better of men, especially wives of their husbands. After the launch of a tropical island fidelity test show in which the man spurns the temptations to stay with his wife, but she abandons him in favour of the muscular alternatives she's had all week, the husband turns up with a gun at Joanna's big corporate new season presentation, so of course all the lawyers and shareholders get nervous, the shows get pulled, and Joanna gets fired and has a nervous breakdown. Her husband Walter (Matthew Broderick), a junior executive in the same TV company who went there only to work for her in order to see her sometimes, retires too, and takes the family (they have two children) to live in the superficially ideal, affluent yet leafy little gated town of Stepford, Connecticut. They notice that the husbands are all very content ... and the wives too, but in a hyperdomestic way. Joanna recovers, gradually, and complains to Walter to the effect that the men are all nerds and the women all Barbie dolls. The only (to Joanna) normal woman there is her old friend the fat, very Jewish intellectual writer Bobbie Markowitz (Bette Midler). She and Joanna always wear black city grunge whereas all the other wives --- who are also all blondes with perfect figures and complexions --- wear colourful frocks. And the men spend all their time at the Stepford Men's Club, but expect their wives to be at home all the time, washing laundry, cleaning, and making endless batches of cakes while they wait infinitely patiently for their husbands to come home to be fed and then seduced in the bedroom (yes, even in the middle of the day as the outsiders discover). Bobbie and Joanna start to investigate; but then Bobbie undergoes the transformation to blonde houseproud home baker in blue gingham, and Joanna is on her own. In the end we all find out the secret of Claire (Glenn Close) and Mike Wellington (Christopher Walken), the town's rather spooky, leading "ideal" married couple. At first, Claire appears as the realtor introducing Walter & Joanna to their new house; then she takes Joanna to the ladies' keep fit session, where Claire is the instructor (all the ladies exercise in their usual frocks and full makeup). Mike is like town mayor; and that isn't actually his name: he's called Mike because he used to work for Microsoft ... It's at the town picnic, when one woman overdoes the barn dancing and Joanna sees sparks coming out of her ears but Mike won't allow anyone to call an ambulance, that Joanna is first seriously spooked. Meanwhile Walter's amazed by the other men's contentment. He's even more amazed when a man summons his wife and asks for twenty dollars. She sticks his cash card in her mouth and then spits out first the card then twenty one-dollar bills. Conclusion: the woman have been quietly converted into robots, all except Claire. We finally discover she is the brains behind the whole town and that Mike (who does have very synthetic-looking stawberry blonde hair) is the robot. 