nm0005054:

 Bad Blood (1994)Summaries A trucker (Lamas) has to come home to help fight mobsters after his brother who embezzled $5,000,000 from them. Travis Blackstone, former cop was sent to prison because he destroyed the proofs for his brother's guilt. Now, he is again free but Rhonda, his former love and the present lover of his brother Franklin informs him that Franklin is again in trouble owing $5 million. Travis leaves her to help his brother. His jealous lover Lindee thinking that he left her for Rhonda, sends the killers on his track. Sylvie Pazoutova <pazouto@biomed.cas.cz> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tremors (2003)Summaries Small town notices weird deaths in the desert. There are giant worms under the sand. They can hear the location of people through the vibration of their movement. Finally they blow them up with dynamite. Perfection Valley, Nevada is a quaint little town. The inhabitants live peaceful, tranquil lives. Most of the time. Perfection is home to the Graboid, El Blanco. El Blanco is a thirty-foot worm creature who hunts prey by sound. It is an endangered species, so as long as El Blanco is around, Perfection can't be bulldozed by any greedy developers. To protect their home, the people of Perfection must co-exist with El Blanco, dealing with him when necessary, as well as other strange situations that come their way. Stephen Barker <sgamer82@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 )Summaries The saga of high fashion glamour, honor, romance, passion, and most importantly, family. The saga of the rich Forresters and the poor Logans is told against the backdrop of the fashion world in Los Angeles. Forrester Creations is the premiere fashion house in the city, thanks to the designing brilliance of Eric Forrester and the money and social grace of his wife, Stephanie Forrester. The ups and downs of their on-again, off-again marriage parallel the stormy lives of all their children, who have shared lovers and spouses with one another and even with their own father. Ridge Forrester is the arrogant oldest son (whose paternity will eventually be called into question); Thorne, the oft-neglected younger son; Kristen, the sweet but sexually-frigid older daughter; Felicia, the wild child. At the center of many of these storms is the Logan family. Beth Logan, the matriarch, has always carried a torch for Eric. Her three daughters include Brooke, the willful and sexually promiscuous oldest; Donna, the ditsy model; and Katie, who has always felt overshadowed by her more beautiful older sisters. Into the lives of these two families comes the brazen Sally Spectra of Spectra Fashions, a knock-off house that has frequently stolen from Forrester; Taylor Hayes, the beautiful but emotionally-troubled psychiatrist; Sheila Carter, a devious and homicidal nurse; the Marone family, with closer ties to the Forresters than anyone would have dreamed; and many others. Death, divorce, alcoholism, duplicity, betrayal and adultery are the everyday concerns, while murder, attempted murder, rape, impersonations and returns from the dead are the bizarre shocks that happen with dreadful regularity. J. Spurlin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 East Side Story (I) (2006)321) The arrival of Anglo newcomers to an East L.A. Latino neighborhood rocks the quiet world of a handsome young local who is torn between the family restaurant and life as a big city chef. East Side Story is the story of Diego (Ren Alvarado), a young, closeted Latino, who helps his grandmother (Irene DeBari) run the family restaurant while carrying on a relationship with equally closeted Pablo (David Bern). Diego has long felt trapped by the conservative culture of East LA and plans to move away and open an upscale restaurant, hopefully with his lover, but Pablo views their relationship very differently - a point driven home when he begins dating Diego's Aunt Bianca (Gladise Jimenez). At the same time, Wesley and his boyfriend move in, gentrifying the neighborhood. The attraction between Wesley and Diego is immediate and electric, forcing both men to reexamine their state of affairs. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In East Los Angeles, handsome, young Diego works at his family's restaurant while secretly having an affair with a hunky but super-closeted real estate agent, Pablo. For the largely Latino neighborhood, the landscape is literally changing as Anglo people move in, including gay couple Wesley and Jonathan. Diego, increasingly frustrated with his hush-hush situation with Pablo (who, making matters worse, romantically pursues a female relative of Diego's), falls for Wesley - but racist and homophobic friends and relatives of Diego while in Wesley's case, a pissy ex-boyfriend guarantee this spring affair will be no picnic. Almost a companion piece to "Quinceaera", director Carlos Portugal's "East Side Story" employs a perfect blend of humor, drama and soap opera-worthy plot twists in telling this very timely tale of a neighborhood - and some of its residents' lives - in flux. 