nm0004900:

 90210 (20082013)Summaries A Kansas family relocates to Beverly Hills, where their two children adapt to the infamous social drama of West Beverly Hills High. Annie and Dixon Wilson move from Kansas to the very wealthy area of Beverly Hills, and begin attending the famed West Beverly High School in the 90210 zip code. They quickly encounter queen bee Naomi, rebel Silver, troubled Adrianna and others as the drama unfolds in 90210. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 After We Collided (2020)Summaries Based on the 2014 romance novel of the same name, this follows the love life of two young adults. Tessa has everything to lose. Hardin has nothing to lose. - except her. After We Collided - Life will never be the same. After a tumultuous beginning to their relationship, Tessa and Hardin were on the path to making things work. Tessa knew Hardin could be cruel, but when a bombshell revelation is dropped about the origins of their relationship - and Hardin's mysterious past - Tessa is beside herself. Hardin will always be - Hardin. But is he really the deep, thoughtful guy Tessa fell madly in love with despite his angry exterior - or has he been a stranger all along? She wishes she could walk away. It's just not that easy. Hardin knows he made a mistake, possibly the biggest one of his life. He's not going down without a fight. But can he change? Will he change - for love? Yes, yes he will. punkress It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Silk Stalkings (19911999)Summaries "Cassy" St. John and Tom Ryan are the new duo in town. It is now their job to catch the killers of Palm Beach. Cassandra "Cassy" St. John and Tom Ryan are the new duo in town. It is now their job to catch the killers of Palm Beach. They are ex-partners, who got married, and then divorced. Now they are partnered together again. Rita left the show to care for her and Chris's unborn child. <silkstalkings@usa.net> Rita Lee Lance and Chris Lorenzo (each with the nickname of "Sam") solve high-profile crimes of passion for the Palm Beach Police Department. They'll stop at nothing in their pursuit of those who, due to their power or fame, feel that they are above the law of the land. Jim Kenney <benson@soc!.soc.qc.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Melrose Place (19921999)44) Classic serial drama around a group of friends living in Melrose Place, California. The lives and loves of a group of young adults living in "Melrose Place" in California. Each with their own dreams and drives, the inevitable conflicts, conquests, and consummations ensue. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> This Aaron Spelling series -with characteristic attractive, but not (yet) famous, casting- is set in and named after an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, just affordable -even if some take a roommate- for a number of tweens who hope to start their adult life from there in the huge metropolis. The early tenants include Billy Campbell, an optimistic, pleasant would be-writer, Allison Parker, a neurotic-anal employee who has a love-hate-relationship with him, Matt Fielding, a noble gay social worker, Dr. Michael Mancini who also acts as (unqualified) superintendent, his partner Jane Andrews whose ambition is in fashion, handy-man Jake Hanson -also the artificial link with Spelling hit series Beverly Hills 90210- and photographer Jo Reynolds. At first it focuses on their neighborly and amical/amorous relationships, but as they get started in life their professional lives introduce new story lines, lovers and other characters, some of which become very important and/or move in, such as Michael's hospital rival Peter Burns, Billy and Allison's boss Amanda Woodward, Jane's crazy sister Sidney and many others, so the series evolves from a young soap to a mix of more dramatical stories, including adultery, divorce, even violent crimes. KGF Vissers Set in an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, Melrose Place was originally a spin-off from Beverly Hills 90210, but when its initial formula of looking at the lives of a group of well-meaning, attractive 20-somethings failed to get high ratings, writers introduced conflict in the form of less moral characters (notably Amanda Woodward played by Heather Locklear). Ratings improved, and storylines became more and more outrageous: characters coming back from the dead, multiple personalities, a bomb destroying the apartment complex. By the end of Season 4, story-lines appeared to tend towards being more "grounded", however. Paul Baker <bakerjp@unix.lancs.ac.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 