nm0005000:

 Parental Guidance (2012)541) Artie and Diane agree to look after their three grandkids when their type-A helicopter parents need to leave town for work. Problems arise when the kids' 21st-century behavior collides with Artie and Diane's old-school methods. The parents of Alice, a controlled mom, agree to take care of her 3 crazy children, Harper, Turner and Barker, because they feel they don't see their grandchildren enough, when Alice and her husband Phil go on a business trip for Phil. But when everything goes downhill, they need to find a way to prove to Alice, Phil, and themselves that they can be great grandparents. Artie Decker, a sports commentator for the minor-league Fresno Grizzlies, is fired due to his old school talk and lack of social media. He and his eager-to-please wife, Diane, agree to babysit their three grandchildren, Harper, Turner, and Barker in Atlanta when their daughter, Alice, and son-in-law, Phil, go away for an entrepreneur exhibition. Problems arise as their parenting skills collide with Alice and Phil's helicopter parenting. After learning of the children's various problems, such as Harper's high achievement syndrome, Turner's stutter, and Barker's imaginary friend Carl, they try to make them their new best friends. Old school grandfather Artie (Billy Crystal), who is accustomed to calling the shots, meets his match when he and his eager-to-please wife Diane (Bette Midler) agree to babysit their three grandkids when their type-A helicopter parents (Marisa Tomei, Tom Everett Scott) go away for work. But when 21st century problems collide with Artie and Dianes old school methods of tough rules, lots of love and old-fashioned games, its learning to bend and not holding your ground that binds a family together Twentieth Century Fox Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Old school grandfather Artie (Billy Crystal), who is accustomed to calling the shots, meets his match when he and his eager-to-please wife Diane (Bette Midler) agree to babysit their three grandkids when their type-A helicopter parents (Marisa Tomei, Tom Everett Scott) go away for work. But when 21st century problems collide with Artie and Dianes old school methods of tough rules, lots of love and old-fashioned games, its learning to bend and not holding your ground that binds a family together 
 Gleaming the Cube (1989)Summaries A young avid skateboarder uncovers a government conspiracy while investigating his adoptive brother's mysterious death. Brian's adopted brother is killed when he discovers that the shop he works in sends weapons to Vietnam instead of medications. To the police it looks like suicide, but Brian knows better so he skates off to investigate the murder himself. Lars J. Aas <larsa@colargol.edb.tih.no> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 xXx (2002)321) An extreme sports athlete, Xander Cage, is recruited by the government on a special mission. Xander "XXX" Cage is a thrill seeker who until now has been deemed untouchable by the law. NSA Agent Gibbons forces XXX to cooperate with the government to infiltrate an underground Russian crime ring, and avoid going to prison. Gibbons sends XXX to enter this world of crime undetected where others have failed, using his natural athletic prowess and a whole lot of attitude. Xander must combat an organization led by a clever, ruthless and nihilistic Yorgi whose first target is the city of Prague. Artemis-9 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After another failed infiltration of the Eastern European underground group Anarchy 99, National Security Agent Augustus Gibbons seeks a new type of agent. Extreme sports fanatic Xander 'xXx' Cage, is infamous for his wild and often illegal behavior. After his latest run-in with the law, crashing a Senator's car, xXx's base is raided by a SWAT team and he is drugged. xXx awakes in a diner where a robbery seemingly begins taking place, but he easily thwarts it, noticing several clues that point to the scene being a fake. Gibbons then appears to tell him it was a test, which he has passed. xXx isn't interested, but is again drugged. This time he finds himself on a plane with other criminals. They are dumped in Columbia, and come across a cocaine plantation where they are captured by the drugs cartel. At first xXx believes this is another set-up, but as events become serious, he realizes it's for real and escapes when the Colombian Army move in, only to be captured again by NSA agents. Again, Gibbons tells Cage that exposing the cartel was yet another test. He then gives Cage a choice - work for the NSA or go to prison for a long time. Cage agrees to work for him. He is sent uncover to the Czech Republic and infiltrates Anarchy 99. The leader of Anarchy 99 is Yorgi, an Russian ex-soldier. xXx finds himself attracted to Yorgi's apparent girlfriend, Yelena, and he negotiates political asylum for her, so she can live in America. Anarchy 99 are planning a series of chemical weapons attacks on major cities. They plan to use a sea-faring drone, Ahab, to launch the attacks. xXx works with Czech Special Forces to raid Yorgi's base, chaos ensues and Yorgi and his cohort escape. xXx hunts them down and kills them. After this xXx tracks down the drone, para-sails onto it and destroys it. The story ends with xXx and Yelena vacationing in Bora Bora. Whilst there, Gibbons informs xXx that something else has come up.... 
 Lords of Dogtown (2005)321) The film follows the surf and skateboarding trends that originated in Venice, California during the 1970's. A fictionalized take on the group of brilliant young skateboarders raised in the mean streets of Dogtown in Santa Monica, California. The Z-Boys, as they come to be known, perfect their craft in the empty swimming pools of unsuspecting suburban homeowners, pioneering a thrilling new sport and eventually moving into legend. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Lords Of Dogtown reveales the story of the genesis of modern skateboarding. Anti-hero and social outsider "Skip" (Heath Ledger) owns a surf shop in Venice, California or "Dogtown". Set in the sprawling urban decay of Southern California in the early 1970s, Skip recruits local boys to form a skateboarding team called the "Z-Boys" who turn the sport skateboarding into a worldwide phenomenon. 