nm0005398:

 A Man Called Sloane (19791980)Summaries Sloane is a freelance spy. Although he doesn't work for the government, he frequently accepts assignments from The Director, a head of a secret government agency. He's assisted by Torque, a man with a detachable hand (which can be replaced by a variety of implements drills, guns, and what-not). Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Traffic (2000)541) A conservative judge is appointed by the President to spearhead America's escalating war against drugs, only to discover that his teenage daughter is a crack addict. Two DEA agents protect an informant. A jailed drug baron's wife attempts to carry on the family business. An intertwined drama about the United States' war on drugs, seen through the eyes of a once conservative judge, now newly-appointed drug czar, his heroin-addicted daughter, two DEA agents, a jailed drug kingpin's wife, and a Mexican cop who begins to question his boss's motives. A modern day look at America's war on drugs told through four separate stories that are connected in one way or another. A conservative judge who's just been appointed as the US drug czar learns that his teenage honor student daughter is a drug addict. A beautiful trophy wife struggles to save her wealthy husband's drug business, while two DEA agents protect a witness with inside knowledge of the spouse's business. In Mexico, a slightly corrupt, yet dedicated cop struggles with his conscience when he learns that his new boss may not be the anti-drug official he made himself out to be. <MonkeyKingMA@aol.com> Intertwining vignettes frame this tale of America's escalating War on Drugs. Ohio Supreme Court judge Robert Wakefield has been appointed the nation's Drug Czar, his new position made more daunting by the discovery that his teenage daughter Caroline is a cocaine addict. Meanwhile, DEA agents Montel Gordon and Ray Castro are pursuing Helena Ayala, wife of jailed kingpin Carlos Ayala, as she seeks to the control the business that her husband had kept hidden from her. South of the Border, duplicious local constable Javier Rodriguez is fighting the battle with his own jaded, questionable ethical code. N. Cognito <nobody@noplace> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins in Mexico, where police officer Javier Rodriguez Rodriguez (Del Toro) and his partner, Manolo, stop a drug transport and arrest the couriers. Their arrest is interrupted by General Salazar (Milian), a high-ranking Mexican official. The general decides to hire Javier and instructs him to locate and apprehend Frankie Flowers (Collins, Jr.) a notorious hit man for the Tijuana Obregn Drug Cartel. Meanwhile, Robert Wakefield (Douglas), a conservative Ohio Judge, is appointed to be head of the President's Office of National Drug Control, taking the title of Drug Czar. Wakefield is warned by his predecessor and several influential politicians that the war on drugs is unwinnable. Unbeknownst to Wakefield, his honor student daughter, Caroline (Christensen) is using cocaine and falls victim to drug addiction when she is introduced to freebase cocaine by her boyfriend, Seth (Grace). She and Seth are arrested when another student at her high school overdoses on drugs and they try to dump him anonymously at a nearby hospital. Robert finds out that his wife Barbara (Irving) has known about their daughter's involvement with drugs for over six months. In the third plot line, which is set in San Diego, an undercover Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) investigation led by Montel Gordon (Cheadle) and Ray Castro (Guzmn), arrest Eduardo Ruiz (Ferrer), a high-stakes dealer posing as a fisherman. In the process, Ruiz is hospitalized and decides to risk the dangerous road to immunity by giving up his boss - drug lord Carlos Ayala (Bauer), the biggest distributor for the bregon brothers in the United States. Ayala is charged by a tough prosecutor, hand-selected by Wakefield in an attempt to send a message to the Mexican drug organizations through a conviction against the drug lord. Flowers is tortured and eventually gives Salazar the names of several important members of the bregon Drug Cartel, who are arrested in a large effort by police and army soldiers. Javier and Salazar's efforts start to cripple the bregon brothers cocaine outfit, but Javier and Manolo discover that Salazar is a pawn for the Jurez Cartel, the rival of the bregon brothers. The entire Mexican anti-drug campaign is a fraud, as Salazar is wiping out one cartel, not out of duty, but rather because he has aligned himself with another cartel for profit. Wakefield realizes that his daughter is a drug addict and finds himself caught between his demanding new position and his worrisome family life. When he heads to Mexico, he is encouraged by the successful efforts of Salazar against the bregon brothers. When he returns to Ohio, Robert learns that his efforts to see Caroline rehabilitated have failed, and she escaped into the city and no one knows her location. Secretly, she's forced to prostitute herself and rob her parents to procure money for drugs. As the trial against Carlos Ayala begins, Carlos' pregnant wife, Helena (Zeta-Jones) learns of her husband's true profession. With her husband facing life imprisonment, and death threats against her only child, she decides to hire Flowers to assassinate Eduardo Ruiz. She knows that killing Ruiz will effectively end the trial nolle prosequi. Javier's partner, Manolo, sells information to the DEA, but is killed for his betrayal. Javier, who can no longer stomach working for Salazar, decides to cut a deal with the only non-corrupt organization he has access to - the Federal Government of the United States and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. In exchange for his testimony, Javier requests electricity in his neighborhood, so that kids can play baseball at night rather than be tempted into street gangs and crime. General Salazar's secrets are revealed to the public. He is arrested and tortured to death shortly after. Wakefield begins a search for his daughter and drags along Seth after interrupting one of his classes. After being threatened and nearly killed by Caroline's regular dealer, he follows Seth to a seedy hotel room in Cincinnati and finds a semi-conscious Caroline prostituting herself to an older man. Wakefield returns to Washington, D.C., to give his prepared speech on a "10-point plan" to combat the war on drugs. In the middle of the speech, he falters, then tells the press that on a war on drugs is a war against many of our own family members, which he cannot endorse. He quits his job and heads home. Flowers' assassination attempt on Ruiz fails, when he himself is assassinated for his betrayal by a sniper working for the bregon Cartel. Helena, knowing that Ruiz is soon to testify, then makes a deal with Juan bregon (Bratt), lord of the drug cartel, who forgives the debt of the Ayala family. Helena gives bregon the formula and procedure to turn bregon cocaine into harmless-looking plastic rabbit dolls that are undetectable by DEA dogs and can be shipped across the Mexico/US border. bregon agrees to the deal and to the stipulation that Helena's husband will be the sole distributor of bregon cocaine in the United States. bregon also agrees to have Ruiz killed. Carlos Ayala is released, much to the discomfort of Montel Gordon, who lost his partner, Castro, when Frankie tried to assassinate Ruiz with a car bomb. Ruiz is eventually given poison-laced food in his hotel room and dies. Soon after, Montel bursts into the Ayala residence and illegally plants a microphone under one of the tables, before being kicked out. Robert and Barbara begin to go to Narcotics Anonymous meetings with their daughter, to support her and everyone else there. Javier takes the media to Mexico and explains what he can about the widespread corruption in the police force and army. The film concludes with him watching some Mexican children playing baseball at night, at their new stadium. 
 Without a Trace (20022009)Summaries Series about the special FBI Missing Persons Squad that finds missing people by applying advanced psychological profiling to reveal the victims lives. As any detective can tell you, investigating missing property or deaths is comparatively easy compared to elusive missing people. However in New York City, there is a special unit of the FBI that is designed to find them. Using the vast resources of their bureau, the team, lead by Agent Jack Malone, race against time in the tight 72 hour window after a disappearance while hope for a recovery is still typically possible. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 General Hospital (1963 )44) Families, friends, enemies, and lovers experience life-changing events in the large upstate city of Port Charles, New York, which has a busy hospital, upscale hotel, cozy diner, and dangerous waterfront frequented by the criminal underworld. Events in this daytime drama are centered in Port Charles, a community on the coast in upper New York. On-going plots are centered around the people who work in General Hospital, people who work in the business community (most notably for the Quartermaines' company E.L.Q.), and some sort of international intrigue involving former Agents of the W.S.B. (World Security Bureau). Big plots of the past include Luke (Anthony Geary) and Laura's (Genie Francis') wedding and Mikkos Cassadine's (John Colicos') evil weather machine. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Skye Quartermaine (Robin Christopher) headlines a show about the residents of Port Charles, New York. Once a show about the drama inside a city hospital, General Hospital has evolved into a show where the hospital has been nearly phased out. Stories focus on the upper-crust Quartermaines, led by Skye Quartermaine, her brothers A.J. (Billy Warlock) and Jason (Steve Burton), father Alan (Stuart Damon), stepmother Monica (Leslie Charleson), and grandparents Edward (John Ingle) and Lila (Anna Lee). Other stories involve mob boss Michael "Sonny" Corinthos (Maurice Bernard), his wife Carly (Laura Wright), and one-time girlfriend Brenda (Vanessa Marcil). Matthew Callahan The General Hospital of today centers on Kelly's Diner, Michael "Sonny" Corinthos' (Maurice Bernard's) penthouse, the Quartermaine house, and sometimes the hospital. Once a show based around the hospital and its employees, it is now centered on the mob. Maurice Bernard headlines the show about some of the residents of the fictitious town of Port Charles, New York. Stories focus on Sonny and how his life affects the people around him, mainly his wife Carly (Laura Wright), his main hit man and best friend Jason Morgan (Steve Burton) (formally Quartermaine) and Sonny's recently acquired twenty-one-year-old sister Courtney (Alicia Leigh Willis). Other story lines that may be featured will focus on the quirky Quartermaines, which include Skye (Robin Christopher), A.J. (Billy Warlock), Ned (Wally Kurth), Edward (John Ingle), and Emily (Natalia Livingston). Promising story lines on the show at the moment are the stories of Elizabeth Webber (Rebecca Herbst) and Richard "Ric" Lansing (Rick Hearst) and the current teen story line. Mickey It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 