nm0011715:

 The Witcher (2019 )44) Geralt of Rivia, a solitary monster hunter, struggles to find his place in a world where people often prove more wicked than beasts. The Witcher is an American fantasy drama web television series created by Lauren Schmidt Hissrich for Netflix. It is based on the book series of the same name by Polish writer Andrzej Sapkowski. The Witcher follows the story of Geralt of Rivia, a solitary monster hunter, who struggles to find his place in a world where people often prove more wicked than monsters and beasts. But when destiny hurtles him toward a powerful sorceress, and a young princess with a special gift, the three must learn to navigate independently the increasingly volatile Continent. aaltaiawy Geralt of Rivia, a brooding professional monster hunter for hire also known as witcher, struggles to keep his humanity in a medieval dark fantasy world ruled by corrupt kings, queens and mages, where poverty, violence and intolerance are rampant, normal humans are sometimes worse than actual monsters and most jobs that pay well involve the darkest of human emotions and desires. Yennefer of Vengerberg is an ambitious mage who came from nothing and wants everything. Princess Cirilla or Ciri is a young girl who may or may not possess some great mysterious power within her. Their destinies, seemingly quite different, slowly intertwine in a rather cosmic fashion. Their companions include Jaskier the bard, Geralt's endearingly annoying friend and hype man vowed to spread the word of his heroics throughout the continent even if he has to embellish them a little for a few coins more, Tissaia de Vries, Yennefer's secretive mentor who believes in tough love, and Triss Merigold, a good-natured druidic mage and trustworthy friend. The Nilfgaardian Empire's sudden brutal invasion of the kingdom of Cintra ruled by Cirilla's protective grandmother, warrior queen Calanthe, puts their lives in great danger. Geralt of Rivia is a witcher, a mutant with special powers who kills monsters for money. The land is in a state of turmoil, due to the empire of Nilfgaard seeking to enlarge its territory. Among the refugees of this struggle is Cirilla, the Princess of Cintra, one of Nilfgaard's victims. She and Geralt share a destiny. Meanwhile, another figure looms large in Geralt's adventures: Yennefer, a sorceress. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ted Lasso (2020 )Summaries American college football coach Ted Lasso heads to London to manage AFC Richmond, a struggling English Premier League soccer team. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The MethodistsSummaries A proper BritFlick based in the Midlands The Methodists, 'Harvey' and 'Winks' are not your ordinary hitmen. This darkly humorous and very British film With iconic characters, amazing monologues, literally has something for everyone. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Light of Day (1987)Summaries A pair of siblings must choose whether to pursue their dream of touring with their rock band or support their family and stay in Cleveland, Ohio. The siblings Patti and Joe Rasnick live in an industrial suburb in Cleveland, Ohio, and play in a local rock band, The Barbusters. While Patti is focused on their rock band, Joe is also devoted to the family and the upbringing of Patti's young son, Benji. Their pious mother reproaches them for their way of life, especially when they quit their jobs and go on tour, taking Benji with them. In the steamy, smoke-filled clubs in and around Cleveland, they find their happiness living the dream with The Barbusters. Patti and Joe live their lives for one hour in the spotlight on stage, and when the lights go down, their world lights up. With hard times in the family and hard knocks on the job, it's hard rock music at night that keeps them alive. Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 