nm0011298:

 Perry Mason (19571966)321) The cases of a master criminal defense attorney, handling the most difficult of cases in the aid of the innocent. Perry Mason is an attorney who specializes in defending seemingly indefensible cases. With the aid of his secretary Della Street and investigator Paul Drake, he often finds that by digging deeply into the facts, startling facts can be revealed. Often relying on his outstanding courtroom skills, he often tricks or traps people into unwittingly admitting their guilt. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based on the novels of Erle Stanley Gardner, "Perry Mason" was one of the most popular shows on television. Raymond Burr starred as the indefatigable attorney who rarely lost a case. His confidential secretary, Della Street (Barbara Hale) and private investigator sidekick Paul Drake (William Hopper), formed an alliance that real-life attorneys would have envied. Perry defended rich and poor alike and was famous for coming up with a last-minute piece of evidence that ensured his clients' innocence. There was no romance between Perry and Della, although their admiration for each other was obvious. Little was known about their private lives. Rounding out the cast was William Talman as district attorney Hamilton Burger and Ray Collins as Lt. Tragg of the police force. 
 The F.B.I. (19651974)Summaries The cases of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation. Cases, based on real FBI files, were handled by Inspector Lewis Erskine and several coworkers over the years. Erskine reported to Arthur Ward, assistant to the director of the FBI. J.E. McKillop <jmckillo@notes.cc.bellcore.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Invasion of the Star Creatures (1962)321) Two Abbott and Costello-type soldiers find plantlike creatures that are under the control of two beautiful alien scientists who are bent on conquering Earth. A pair of comical soldiers (Robert Ball and Frankie Ray) investigate a mysterious crater in an atomic detonation area and discover several beautiful alien vixens (Dolores Reed and Gloria Victor) who plan to conquer the world using an army of vegetable monsters. Jeremy Lunt <durlinlunt@acadia.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Slacker Army privates Penn (Frankie Ray) and Philbrick (Robert Ball) are on maneuvers with their squadron when curiosity possesses them to investigate a mysterious atomic crater where they discover strange vegetable creatures (a la The Thing). When they investigate further they discover that the monsters are commanded by an alien called Dr. Puna (Dolores Reed) who resembles an over-sized earthling woman. Puna and Prof. Tanga (Gloria Victor) find the earthling soldiers ripe for scientific study, and Penn and Philbrick are powerless to escape. Puna has extra-sensory powers like the ability to send strange electric shocks through the earth soldiers, as well as a ray gun that emits terrifying feelings in the men. Rationalizing that their basic male-ness may be their only way of getting on equal footing with the female aliens, Penn and Philbrick give in to their basic sexual attraction for the women-like aliens and find that there is a way to bond with the creatures and possibly make a better life for mankind. 
 Adventures in Paradise (19591962)Summaries The adventures of the Tiki III and crew as they sailed from island to island through the South Pacific, carrying cargo and the odd passenger from one drama to another. Adam Troy was an American Korean War veteran who stayed in the Pacific after the war. As captain of the schooner "Tiki III", Troy drifted from adventure to adventure while carrying passengers and cargo anywhere from Hong Kong to Pitcairn Island. His original partner was Chinese-American Oliver Lee, and he was assisted by first mates Clay Baker and later Chris Parker. Marg Baskin <marg@asd.raytheon.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 