nm0000346:

 The Good Son (1993)55) A young boy stays with his aunt and uncle and becomes friends with his cousin, a boy of the same age who shows increasing signs of violent and psychopathic behavior. Following his mother's death, Mark is sent to Maine to visit his aunt and uncle while his father goes on a business trip to Tokyo. Mark meets his cousin Henry, and the two quickly form a friendship. However, Henry shows signs of violent behavior that worry Mark. Sam In this psychological thriller film, 12-year-old Mark Evans stays with his aunt and uncle after his mother dies and his father goes on an important business trip. He meets his same-age cousin Henry and eventually discovers his true violent behavior. After Mark's mother dies and his father must go to Tokyo on business. he is sent to stay with his aunt, uncle, and cousins Henry and Connie. He quickly bonds with Henry, but as he learns more about him, he realizes that the family is in grave danger. A chilling tale showing how some people are just born evil. Karen Kenny After his mother's death, young Mark is left with his aunt and uncle while his father makes an important trip. Cousin Henry is at first great fun, but isn't your average boy next door. Mark believes that Henry is evil, but no one else can see it. Rob Hartill It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Home Alone (1990)761) An eight-year-old troublemaker must protect his house from a pair of burglars when he is accidentally left home alone by his family during Christmas vacation. It is Christmas time and the McCallister family is preparing for a vacation in Paris, France. But the youngest in the family, Kevin (Macaulay Culkin), got into a scuffle with his older brother Buzz (Devin Ratray) and was sent to his room, which is on the third floor of his house. Then, the next morning, while the rest of the family was in a rush to make it to the airport on time, they completely forgot about Kevin, who now has the house all to himself. Being home alone was fun for Kevin, having a pizza all to himself, jumping on his parents' bed, and making a mess. Then, Kevin discovers about two burglars, Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern), about to rob his house on Christmas Eve. Kevin acts quickly by wiring his own house with makeshift booby traps to stop the burglars and to bring them to justice. John Wiggins It's Christmas time and the McCallister family is preparing to head to Paris for vacation. Eight-year-old Kevin (Macaulay Culkin) is the black sheep of the house, who is regularly picked on by his siblings and cousins, and his parents are annoyed by his antics. Kevin finds himself forced to sleep on the third floor of the house. The next day, the McCallisters accidentally sleep in and barely make it to their flight, but when airborne they realize they forgot Kevin. As his family desperately tries to book a flight back to Chicago, Kevin is thrilled to have the house to himself. However, a pair of burglars named Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern) have robbed several houses in the neighborhood and now have their sights on the McCallister house. It's up to Kevin to thwart them. Sam At fever pitch for the long-awaited Christmas vacation in picturesque Paris, the McCallister family inadvertently leave behind their eight-year-old son, Kevin, while rushing off to catch their plane. With his parents already in France, much to his delight, young Kevin finally has the house for his own to indulge himself in all the guilty pleasures he was denied, unbeknownst to him, however, that a criminal duo of not-so-capable burglars is preying on the neighbourhood's vacant houses. Of course, the McCallisters' residence is no exception, and before long, the dauntless robbers will visit Kevin, keen on cleaning out his seemingly uninhabited home. Now, is Kevin, the man of the house, prepared to defend his castle? Nick Riganas Kevin McCallister (Macaulay Culkin) is an arrogant eight-year-old boy who hates the fact that he lives in a family who constantly bullies him. While his family leaves for their Paris Christmas vacation, they leave him behind by accident. Despite this, Kevin makes the best of this situation, as he finally earns the freedom he's always wished for by jumping on beds, eating ice cream, watching gangster movies, and doing whatever he pleases. However, two robbers, the ever so stupid Marv (Daniel Stern) and his right-hand man, the highly intelligent Harry (Joe Pesci) invade his neighborhood by stealing precious valuables of his neighbors. Now, it's up to Kevin to save the day. He must save his house from being robbed before it's too late with a series of traps. Will he win? Will he get his family back? Carl Cornell Eight-year-old Kevin McCallister (Macaulay Culkin) is accidentally left behind when his family takes off for a vacation in Paris, France over the holiday season. Once he realizes they've left him home by himself, Kevin learns to fend for himself. He eventually has to protect his house against bumbling burglars Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern), who are planning to rob every house in Kevin's suburban Chicago neighborhood. Kevin's mother Kate (Catherine O'Hara) is frantic when she realizes that she and the family have unintentionally left Kevin behind in Chicago, and she tries to make it back to Chicago as fast as she can, getting help from a polka band leader named Gus Polinski (John Candy). Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The McCallister family prepares to spend Christmas with Peter and Frank's brother Rob in Paris, gathering at Peter and Kate's home in a suburb of Chicago the night before their flight. Eight-year-old Kevin, their youngest son, finds himself the subject of ridicule from his siblings and cousins. After getting into an argument with his older brother Buzz, he is sent to the third floor bedroom of the house, where he wishes his family would disappear. During the night, a power outage resets the alarm clocks and causes the family to oversleep. In the confusion and rush to reach the airport on time, Kevin is left behind and the family does not realize it until they are already airborne. Once in Paris, his mother and father desperately try to book a flight home. Meanwhile, Kevin wakes up to find the house empty and is overjoyed to find that his wish came true. He takes Buzz's life savings, practices shooting with Buzz's BB gun, jumps on the bed, watches a gangster film, and eats a large amount of junk food. However, he finds himself scared by the appearance of the Chicago Police Department called by his parents to check on him, his next door neighbor "Old Man" Marley, who was rumored to have murdered his family many years earlier, and the appearance of The Wet Bandits, Harry Lyme and Marv Merchants, who are breaking into other vacant houses on the block. On Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears Harry and Marv discussing plans for breaking into his house that night. After conversing with a Santa Claus impersonator and watching a local choir perform in a church, he comes across Marley. The two of them talk, and he learns that Marley is in fact a very nice man and the rumors about him are not true. He tells Kevin he is watching the choir because his granddaughter is in it, and he never gets to see her because he and his son have not spoken in years after a big argument they had. Kevin advises him to reconcile with his son. After leaving the church, Kevin heads home and sets up various booby traps inside the house. Harry and Marv break in. After the two spring every trap in the house, Kevin flees to the second floor of the house and dials 911. They chase him out of the house and he flees to the vacant neighboring home. The Wet Bandits catch him when he runs to the top of the stairs and hang him on a coat hook on the door. Marley has sneaked up behind them and knocks them out with a snow shovel and takes Kevin home. Shortly after, the two burglars are arrested. Kevin wakes up the next morning and is disappointed to see that his family is still gone. He then hears Kate enter the house, calling for him. He goes downstairs and the two of them meet and reconcile. Immediately after, the rest of the McCallisters, having traveled directly from Paris to Chicago, arrive. Kevin keeps silent about his encounter with Harry and Marv, although Peter finds Harry's missing gold tooth and wonders what it is. Kevin and Buzz have a moment of reconciliation. He then goes over to the window and sees Marley greeting his son and his family. As he is hugging his granddaughter, he looks up to see Kevin. He waves at him and Kevin waves back, smiling. He watches as Marley heads inside with his family. However, Buzz interrupts him by calling out, "Kevin! What did you do to my room?" He immediately runs there and the film ends. 
 My Girl (1991)431) A young girl, on the threshold of her teen years, finds her life turning upside down, when she is accompanied by an unlikely friend. 1972. Vada Sultenfuss (played by Anna Chlumsky) is an intelligent, bubbly, hypochondriacal 11-year old girl. Her father, Harry (Dan Aykroyd), is a mortician and a widower. Her best friend is Thomas J Sennett (Macaulay Culkin). Then her father hires a new receptionist, Shelly (Jamie Lee Curtis), and life will never be the same again. grantss Having lost her mother in birth and with her whole life encircled by death, Vada Sultenfuss, the gloomy 11-year-old daughter of Harry Sultenfuss, the town's funeral parlour manager, it is no wonder that death became almost an obsession to her. In addition, Vada has no friends in school, she is a hypochondriac tomboy, her grandmother has Alzheimer's, and worst of all, her best friend is Thomas J. Sennett, another unpopular kid who is allergic to just about everything. During the summer break in 1972, Vada will have her first crush, she will join a poetry writing class, but most of all, when the cheerful and quirky Shelly DeVoto takes up the position of make-up artist at Harry's mortuary, she will gradually find the maternal figure she always needed. Far too much for a girl to handle.. Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie is set in Madison, Pennsylvania, in the summer of 1972. Vada Sultenfuss (Anna Chlumsky) is a 11-year-old girl and a hypochondriac. Vada's father, Harry Sultenfuss (Dan Aykroyd), is an awkward widower who does not seem to understand his daughter, and as a result, constantly ignores her. His profession as a funeral director, in which the Sultenfuss' residence is also a funeral parlor, has led Vada to develop an obsession with death as well as disease. Vada also thinks that she killed her own mother, since her mother died giving birth to her. She regularly tends to her invalid grandmother (Ann Nelson), who suffers from Alzheimer's disease. Harry's brother Phil (Richard Masur), who lives nearby, also stops by frequently to help out the family. Vada is teased by other girls because her best friend, Thomas J. Sennett (Macaulay Culkin), is unpopular and a boy. Their summer adventures from first kiss to last farewell introduce Vada to the world of adolescence. Vada's summer begins well. She befriends Shelley Devoto (Jamie Lee Curtis), the new make-up artist at her father's funeral parlor, who provides her with some much needed guidance. She is also infatuated with her teacher, Mr. Bixler (Griffin Dunne), and steals some money from Shelley's trailer to attend a summer writing class that he is teaching. But before long, things start to fall apart. Her father and Shelley start dating and get engaged, she cannot bring herself to tell her father that she has experienced her first menstrual cycle, Thomas J. dies from an allergic reaction to bee stings while looking for Vada's mood ring in the woods, and she finds out that Mr. Bixler is engaged to someone else. Vada's grief, however, manages to mend the rift between her and her father, she learns that she didn't kill her mom during childbirth (since her father tells her that things like mothers dying in childbirth just happen), and by the end of the movie, Vada has not only managed to deal with her pain and grief, but has also overcome some of her previous issues as well. 
 Home Alone 2: Lost in New York (1992)761) One year after Kevin McCallister was left home alone and had to defeat a pair of bumbling burglars, he accidentally finds himself stranded in New York City - and the same criminals are not far behind. Kevin McCallister (Macaulay Culkin) is back. But this time he's in New York City with enough cash and credit cards to turn the Big Apple into his own playground. But Kevin won't be alone for long. The notorious Wet Bandits, Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern), still smarting from their last encounter with Kevin, are bound for New York City too, plotting a huge holiday heist. Kevin's ready to welcome them with more battery of booby traps the bumbling bandits will never forget. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Once again, it is Christmas time, and the McCallister family is planning another vacation, only this time they are bound to go to Miami, Florida. Unfortunately, Kevin (Macaulay Culkin) separates from the rest of his family and goes to New York City. Kevin will soon realize that he will not only be alone in a big city, having a luxury suite at the Plaza, he will also reunite with his rivals Harry Lime (Joe Pesci) and Marv Merchants (Daniel Stern), who are planning to rob a toy store. Kevin plans to defeat the bandits once and for all by using traps to defeat them and save Duncan's Toy Chest. John Wiggins Kevin McCallister (Macaulay Culkin) and his family are set to spend their Christmas vacation in Miami, Florida. However, Kevin accidentally finds himself in New York City. With his father's bag and credit card, Kevin is able to book a suite and enjoy the city. However, Kevin's enemies Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern) have recently escaped from prison and find themselves in New York City. After Kevin crosses paths with the duo, it's up to him to bring the duo back into custody. Sam One short year after the terrible blunder in Home Alone (1990) , the absent-minded McCallisters have done it again: this time, the now-nine-year-old Kevin ends up in festive New York City, at the Plaza Hotel. With his pockets crammed with cash and credit cards, the resourceful boy embarks on a fascinating adventure in bustling Big Apple, utterly unaware, however, that his old nemeses--the unrepentant burglars, Harry and Marv--roam the city, intent on pulling off the perfect Christmas heist. Of course, not if Kevin can help it. Are the maladroit "Sticky Bandits" prepared for the second round of punishment? Nick Riganas Kevin McCallister (Macaulay Culkin) and his family are planning to go to Miami, Florida during the holiday season this time around. Kevin becomes separated from his family and ends up in New York City. Kevin uses his father's credit card and rents a suite. While in New York City, Kevin befriends E.F. Duncan (Eddie Bracken), a friendly toy store owner, and a homeless Pigeon Lady (Brenda Fricker). Then Kevin runs into his old enemies Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern), who have escaped from prison and plan to rob Mr. Duncan's toy store on Christmas Eve. Kevin makes plans to stop them. Kevin's mother Kate (Catherine O'Hara), upon realizing that she and the family have become separated from Kevin, frantically tries to find Kevin. Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The McCallister family is preparing for another family trip, this time to Florida. However, Kevin is not at all happy, given that there aren't any Christmas trees in Florida. The evening before the trip, the family attends a school chorus, at which Kevin has a vocal solo. However, his older brother Buzz is also in the chorus, and causes a ruckus that eventually has Kevin attack his brother, ruining the performance. Back at home, Buzz apologizes to the family for his actions, but whispers an aside to Kevin that he just said that to force Kevin to apologize. Kevin vocally chastises everyone for taking Buzz's side, and is sent to the attic. Kevin's mother Kate comes to speak with him afterwards, wanting him to apologize, but Kevin refuses, claiming that if he had his own money, he'd take his own vacation away from his family. "Well you got your wish last year, maybe you'll get it again this year," says Kate. " hope so," says Kevin. The next day, the family almost misses their airport express to the airport, but luckily, they make it in time, along with Kevin. By the time the family arrives at the airport, they are still late for the plane and make a mad dash. Kevin accidentally falls behind, and when he looks up, mistakes one man for his Dad, and follows him to another plane. Eventually, the McCallister family makes it to Florida, where they realize they've lost Kevin again. Meanwhile, in New York, Kevin has arrived, but is unsure just where he is. Seeing no sign of his family, he looks out the airport window to see a non-tropical city. After asking an airline attendant where he is, Kevin first bemoans what has happened...but then realizes he can have some fun on his own. Kevin is also in possession of his Dad's bag, which has cash as well as credit cards. Back in Florida, Kevin's parents have reported him missing. After calling the Chicago airport, they find that no one has reported seeing him. It is then that Kevin's Dad finds that his wallet and credit cards are missing. The lost credit cards are reported so that if Kevin attempts to use one, they can be tracked. After wandering into Central Park, Kevin soon finds himself at the Plaza Hotel. Using a tape recorder, he tapes a message and slows down his voice, placing a hotel reservation. Kevin then proceeds to the front desk, where he convinces the clerk on duty that his Father sent him to check in with his credit card. The clerk processes the paperwork, but the Concierge nearby is suspicious of Kevin.Later that evening, he intends to access Kevin's room, but Kevin fools him into thinking that he has walked in on his Father, causing the concierge to flee. The next day, in order to make amends, the concierge arranges for a limousine and a pizza for Kevin. While Kevin is out, the Concierge then double-checks the credit card that was used, and finds that it has been labeled as 'stolen.' Meanwhile, Kevin has made his way to a toy store called Duncan's Toy Chest. Kevin makes some purchases, and the old man running the register then explains that all the purchases that are made at the store that day will have their money donated to the local children's hospital. Kevin then gives the cashier some extra money as well, and is given an ornament of two turtle doves as a gift for his donation. On the way out, Kevin soon realizes that he just met the toy store owner, Mr Duncan. As he decides what to do next, a familiar voice is heard, and Kevin turns around, only to come face-to-face with Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern), the two men who attempted to rob his family's home last Christmas! Kevin rushes off, and heads back to the Plaza Hotel. Coming up to the Concierge, Kevin asks for help, but the Concierge instead confiscates Kevin's Credit Card, and intends to report him to the Police. Kevin takes off running again, and rushes into the hotel, heading for his room. Packing his things, he quickly heads out an emergency exit: only to run into Harry and Marv again. The two take Kevin with them, mentioning how they intend to rob Duncan's Toy Chest later that evening. However, Kevin escapes from them again, and rushes into Central Park to hide. Back in Florida, the local Police report to the McCallisters that Kevin used a credit card in New York, and the family packs to head off (many eager to escape the constant rainy weather). As night falls, Kevin heads to a house that supposedly belongs to his Uncle and Aunt, but finds it in a state of being repaired. Returning to Central Park, he finds an old woman tending to some pigeons. At first, Kevin is scared, but soon realizes that she means no harm to him. She and Kevin sneak into the rafters of Carnegie Hall and watch a performance. As they play, the old woman and Kevin talk, and share their thoughts about life. Finally, Kevin heads back out into the night, and comes across a children's hospital. Remembering what Harry and Marv plan to do, Kevin hatches a plan to stop them before they can steal the money. Kevin returns to the house owned by his Uncle and Aunt, and much like his own house the year before, booby-traps it. Kevin then heads back to Duncan's Toy Chest, where he sees Harry and Marv emptying a cash register through the window. Drawing their attention, he breaks the window, setting off the alarm. Kevin then leads them back to the house where he then manages to get the two thugs to fall for most of his traps, before attempting to lead them into Central Park. However, he ends up slipping on some ice, and Harry and Marv catch up to him. Kevin is then saved when the bird woman throws bird feed on the two, causing numerous birds to attack them. The Police arrive soon afterwards and arrest Harry and Marv. 