nm0008018:

 Naturally Native (1998)Summaries Three Native American sisters (Red-Horse, Bedard, Guerrero) decide to try to sell a line of cosmetics they call Naturally Native, based on old tribal remedies, only to have to fight an uphill battle with racist business people. The film is actually Red-Horse's comment on her fight with the movie industry to get her films made and this film is the first to be totally financed by an Indian tribe, Connecticut's Mashantucket tribe. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Grizzly Mountain (1996)Summaries Present-day Portland suburbs kids Dylan and Nicole go on the camping trip with their family, and when they enter a mysterious cave in the mountains, they're transported back in time to 1870, where they meet mountain man Jeremiah. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 In His Sight (2008)Summaries "In His Sight" follows the footsteps of Christ from birth to death and then through his resurrection. It explores those moments that may not have been recorded specifically in the Bible, as well as those handed down for centuries. Though Jesus performed many miracles in his three years of ministry, it was those he performed for children that make this movie touching and unique. Whether you believe the biblical account of Christ to be truth or fiction, everyone will be moved by compassion as a gentle Christ nurtures those in need. Laugh and cry with him as he heals a blind man, raises a girl from the dead and tells stories to children in the street. See Jesus as only a child can as he embraces the meager gift of a boy in the multitude. Experience the joy and sorrow of walking in his footsteps as he is welcomed into Jerusalem and later carries the cross through angry crowds. Deana Spyres It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Unbowed (1999)Summaries Three Lakota Sioux men enroll in a historically black college, and their reluctance to assimilate causes friction between their black peers. Some come to embrace their similar history, while others remain bitter. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 