nm0000662:

 24 (20012010)66) Jack Bauer races against the clock to subvert terrorist plots and save his nation from ultimate disaster. In this concept drama, each season takes place within one 24 hour period. Day 1: Jack Bauer is the head of field ops for an elite team of CTU agents who uncover an assassination plot targeting Presidential nominee David Palmer. Meanwhile, Jack's strained marriage to his wife, Teri, is pushed to the brink by the sudden disappearance of their troubled teenage daughter. What will the next 24 hours hold? Ronos Day 2: It's been more than a year after Jack Bauer experienced the longest and most painful day of his life. But things are about to get much worse. A nuclear bomb has been planted in Los Angeles. President David Palmer has no choice but to call Jack back to CTU for another day of hardships. Mason, the new head, is, of course, not happy about this. Now, his daughter Kim is running from her employer, who is threatening to kill her. Palmer now must deal with his political staff, most of which are plotting against his actions on how to deal with the crisis. And Jack must face the toughest challenge of his life... finding the bomb with aid from the woman who killed his wife, Nina Myers. The clock is ticking... Kaufman Day 3: 3 years after the 2nd season, Jack Bauer is still working at CTU along with his daughter, Kim, and her boyfriend, Chase. Things begin to heat up as a drug cartel threatens to release a virus if their leader is not released. President Palmer is running for re-election and has to deal with a smear campaign launched by his opponent, and a traitor is operating in CTU. TIM1370 Day 4: 18 months after Season 3. Jack has been fired by Tony Almeida's replacement, Erin Driscoll, as have most of the agents featured in Season 3, except Chloe O'Brian. Jack now works for the Secretary of Defense, James Heller, and is dating his daughter, Audrey Raines. Jack has sworn to put his past behind him, but as a new threat emerges and Jack finds himself on the verge of returning to the life he tried to forget. cubsfanatic8228 Day 5: 18 Months have passed since Jack Bauer stole away across the train tracks after faking his own death. He's now living a quiet life in Bakersfield California, with a new love interest and her teenage son. But when a terrorist sniper's bullet kills one of his dearest friends, Jack Bauer cocks his gun and heads back to Los Angeles, and another day of work as America's most dangerous counter-terrorist agent. timberstorm It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Phone Booth (2002)761) Publicist Stuart Shepard finds himself trapped in a phone booth, pinned down by an extortionist's sniper rifle. Unable to leave or receive outside help, Stuart's negotiation with the caller leads to a jaw-dropping climax. Stu Shepard is a fast talking and wise cracking New York City publicist who gets out of trouble and lies with his clever charm, connections, and charisma. Stu's greatest lie is to his wife Kelly, who he is cheating on with his girlfriend, Pam. Upon answering a call in a phone booth in belief it is Pam, Stu is on the line with a dangerous yet intelligent psychopath with a sniper rifle. When realizing it is not a joke, Stu is placed in a powerful mind game of wits and corruption. The New York City Police eventually arrive thereafter and demand Stu comes out of the phone booth- but how can he when if he hangs up or leaves the booth he will die? commanderblue Stu Shepard is an arrogant publicist who thinks he has the whole world in his hands. Every day he uses the same phone booth to call the woman he is cheating on his wife with. But on the last day, before this particular phone booth is demolished, the phone rings. Stu naturally answers the phone, only to find the caller on the end is an invisible sniper who knows everything on Stu, including his relationships. The caller now has Stu as his hostage, who demands he comes clean with his wife. FilmFanUK After answering a phone call, a dishonest and arrogant N.Y. publicist finds himself trapped in a phone booth and being held hostage by a mysterious but dangerous blackmailer sniper, who demands him to admit his dishonest attitudes with his wife and with the people of his day-to-day. MadMovieManiac Stuart hasn't been totally honest. In fact, he's about the most dishonest man you'll meet. Everyday, at the same time, he goes to a phone booth in NYC to call his girlfriend, so that his wife can't trace the phone call. Today is no longer just an ordinary day. Now, someone's calling him, leaving his life on the line. Mac The Movieguy A fiendish publicist finds himself being held hostage in a phone booth by an extreme moralist who watches his victim's every move through the scope of his high-power sniper rifle, while speaking to the publicist via the phone booth. The caller prides himself on using force to punish corrupt people by forcing them to admit all of their lies and sins through mental games, or killing them. At the same time, he eliminates other people as well; everyday people who are guilty of brutal dishonesty and/or corruption, such as a murderous street pimp and a pushy pizza man (all of which, if you look hard enough in the film, have a guilt link). The caller himself is corrupt, and uses it defeat other corruption. It is evil fighting evil in the phone booth. Flotis Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Stu Shepard (Colin Farrell) is an arrogant New York City publicist who is contemplating cheating on his wife Kelly (Radha Mitchell). He calls Pam (Katie Holmes), a young actress, from a phone booth on a side street. When a delivery man (Dell Yount) tries to deliver a free pizza to the booth, Stu rudely dismisses him. After the phone call with Pam, the phone rings and Stu answers it. The caller (voice of Kiefer Sutherland), says that Stu should have accepted the pizza as it would have "kept his strength up for what comes next". He warns Stu not to leave the booth. Stu, again dismissive, is skeptical toward the mystery caller. The caller says that he will say 'hi' to Kelly for him, then hangs up, leaving Stu visibly concerned. The unseen man calls back and reveals that he had previously setup two other dishonest individuals in a similar situation, where he gave them a chance to redeem themselves but since both refused he had to kill them. One was a pedophile, and the other was a business executive who used inside information to cash in his stock options before the company share price collapsed (and refused the caller's request to share the proceeds with regular investors who got burned on that stock). The caller tells Stu that he must tell Kelly and Pam the truth: that he is cheating. The man calls Pam, puts Stu on speakerphone, and he tells her that Stu is married and does not want anything with Pam except to sleep with her. He then tells Stu to call his wife and tell her the truth, or else he will. Angrily, Stu does so. Before he has a chance to tell Kelly the truth, Stu is distracted by three prostitutes who want to use the phone. The prostitutes become hostile due to Stu's refusal to leave the booth, and they start banging against the glass. Stu becomes agitated and finally hangs up on his wife and yells at the prostitutes to leave him alone. As the three girls leave, the man calls and warns Stu that if he hangs up again, he will shoot him. Stu does not believe him but is convinced when the man cocks his rifle. Stu gets scared, warning him that if he shoots, the cops will arrive. However, the sniper proves him to be wrong by shooting a toy robot next to the booth without anyone noticing. The caller continues to mock Stu's faith that the caller is not capable. The situation escalates further when the prostitutes and their pimp, Leon (John Enos III), approach the booth and demand that Stu leave. Terrified that he will be shot, Stu refuses. The impasse between Stu and Leon escalates to the point of Leon breaking into the booth with a bat and attacking Stu. The sniper tells Stu he can help him and Stu says "yes". Leon is shot in the back by the sniper, horrifying the prostitutes, who accuse Stu. The police arrive and Stu is instantly the suspect. He doubts that they will find any evidence to suggest his guilt to the murder, but later finds out the sniper has planted a gun in the phone booth's roof, on top of the light panel that could be used as evidence in Leon's murder. Captain Ed Ramey (Forest Whitaker) arrives tries to negotiate with Stu to exit the booth but he says he cannot get off the call and he is talking to his "psychiatrist". Multiple news vans arrive, and reporters begin filming the situation, putting pressure on the police to deal with the situation without appearing trigger-happy. The caller continues to taunt Stu by telling him to take hold of the planted gun, or he would "Blow him (Ramey) Away!" but Stu refuses, knowing the police will likely shoot him. Kelly arrives at the scene and the sniper makes Stu confess to her about his infidelity, which Stu does. The man asks Stu to choose between Pam and Kelly, threatening to kill one of them to eliminate further temptation. The unseen caller tells Stu that there are policemen right now trying to tap into the call, but will never succeed as the caller has taken precautions to avoid it. Stu pleads with the sniper while at the same time using his cell phone to call Kelly, who secretly informs Captain Ramey of the sniper's presence when Ramey hears the conversation. Stu confesses his bad character to the crowd, telling his unpaid assistant, Adam (Keith Nobbs), who looks up to Stu, not to become a publicist and admitting his $2,000 watch is a fake, like himself. Stu explains he grew up in the Bronx and he wanted to put his past behind him by buying expensive clothes. He is also not as rich as he seems. The police finally track down the sniper by tracing the call the sniper made to Kelly, and Ramey tells Stu through a cryptic message that they have done so. Stu informs the sniper that the cops are coming to get him and the now enraged sniper chooses to take Kelly with him, seeing as she is the most important thing in his life. Panicked, Stu takes the planted gun, runs out of the booth and yells, "it's me you want!" Stu is shot and falls down just as police break into a hotel room, discovering a dead body, a phone, and a sniper rifle. It is then revealed that Stu had been hit by a rubber bullet from a police sniper, leaving him relatively unharmed. Kelly runs over and kisses Stu who is still on the ground. The police wheel the body they found in the hotel room down onto the street, and Kelly insists on seeing the sniper's body. Stu identifies the body as the pizza delivery man. Stu is recovering under morphine in an ambulance which makes him drowsy. A man carrying a large suitcase walks up to him, and compliments his shoes. The man says that he regrets killing the pizza deliverer and warns Stu that if his newfound honesty does not last, he will be hearing from him again. He walks away and smiles as he passes the phone booth, revealing himself to be the caller. Stu falls unconscious. The caller, now the narrator, says, "Isn't it funny? You hear a phone ring, and it could be anybody...but a ringing phone has to be answered, doesn't it?" The view goes from an aerial view of the city way into space with a satellite passing by turning to black with a ring once again, and the film ends with a man answering, "Hello?" The murderous caller has apparently resumed his crusade to rid the world of wrongdoers. 
 Mirrors (I) (2008)431) An ex-cop and his family are the target of an evil force that is using mirrors as a gateway into their home. In New York, the former NYPD detective Ben Carson is hired to work as night watch of the remains of the Mayflower Department Store that was partially destroyed by fire many years ago. Ben became alcoholic and was retired from the police force after killing a man in a shooting. His marriage was also destroyed and now he is living in the apartment of his younger sister Angie. However he has not been drinking for three months and sees the employment as a chance to rebuild his life. When he goes to the rounds in his first night, he finds that the mirrors are impeccably clean and his colleague explains that the former night watch was obsessed with the mirrors. After a couple of nights, Ben sees weird images in the mirrors, but due to the lack of credibility of his past, his ex-wife Amy believes he has hallucinations as a side effect of his medication. When Angie is found brutally murdered in her bathtub, Ben discovers that there is an evil force in the mirror that is chasing him and jeopardizing his family. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Ben Carson is an ex-police detective in New York whose alcoholism made him incompetent on the job and caused him to kill a man. Now he's trying to get his life in order. He's living with his kid sister to save money. He's taking medication to wean himself off the booze. Most important, he's trying to win back the trust of his estranged wife, a medical examiner, and maintain a loving relationship with his two young children. To make money while waiting for reinstatement, he takes a job as a night watchman at a department store gutted by fire. That was a mistake. He is soon tormented by the same supernatural mirrors that plagued his predecessor. The images in these mirrors do not reflect reality as we know it. The images will stare back at you, but remain in the mirror when you walk away. The images will even try to kill you. Soon, Ben Carson finds that the mirrors' demons follow him everywhere in every reflective surface. They're willing to harass him and his family until they get what they want. Ben's job is to find out exactly what that is. J. Spurlin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A man is running away, escaping from something. He then runs into a locker room, where all of the lockers open to show his reflection. To his horror, the room's largest mirror begins to crack as he approaches it; he desperately apologizes to his reflection therein for running away in hopes of forgiveness, and begins fervently cleaning the mirrors. A piece of the mirror then falls off. Trying to redeem himself, he picks up the shard with the intention of putting it back on the mirror. However, his reflection slowly slashes his own throat, and the man dies, experiencing the effects of his throat being slashed despite not doing it himself. Meanwhile, sometime later, Ben Carson (Kiefer Sutherland), a former undercover detective who was suspended after shooting another officer, is forced to take a night time security job at a department store that was gutted by a fire. The department store used to be a psychiatric hospital that experimented in treating schizophrenia. In 1952, a mass killing took place and the hospital was closed. It was later reopened as a luxury department store, the Mayflower. Carson comments on the pristine mirrors throughout the store, and the guard comments that the man Carson is replacing was obsessed with cleaning them. Carson's round begins normally, though on his first night he sees a door open in a mirror's reflection while it is actually closed. After investigating, he finds nothing. Following nights expose Carson to more intense visions, which he initially shrugs off as hallucinations (due to a strong drug he started taking as a result of his alcohol dependency). He notices mysterious handprints on the mirror. Curious, he touches them, causing the mirror to break and injure his hand. Carson further hallucinates being set on fire, as well as seeing victims in various parts of the store who were burned to death. Afterwards, he finds the wallet of Gary Lewis (the man who dies at the beginning of the film), the night watchman he is replacing. The only piece of information is a note that says "Esseker." Ben then receives a package from Gary Lewis that was sent several days before his death. The package contains newspaper clippings about the fire and other crimes. The man convicted of burning the Mayflower was also convicted of killing his wife and children. Carson tells his younger sister (whos apartment he is staying at) about what he sees, believing that it is not him looking into the mirrors, but rather, someone is looking at him. However, his sister is unconvinced. Later, he decides to see the body of Gary Lewis at the morgue (where his wife works), and she reluctantly agrees to let him see Gary Lewis and the photos of his death. He notices in the photo of Gary Lewis' body, that in the reflection of the mirror, the glass shard is bloody, but the one in reality is not. This convinces him that the mirrors are actually making people do things to themselves that they aren't actually doing. Meanwhile, Angela (Amy Smart), Ben Carson's sister, is getting in the bath and begins to relax, when her reflection grips her jaw and begins to slowly tear it off, killing her. After arriving on the scene the next morning to see his sister's body, he returns to the store and attempts to destroy the mirrors, but they prove impervious and even regenerate from several bullets he fires at them. He demands to know what the mirrors want, and ESSEKER is written on the mirror. Ben investigates and finds the name Anna Esseker, a patient of the psychiatric institute. She supposedly died in the mass killing, but Ben discovers that she was actually transferred out two days prior to the event. After Angela's death, he realizes that the mirrors will eventually kill his family if he does not bring Anna Esseker to them. He goes to his wife's home and attempts to remove or paint the surface of every mirror in the house, but his estranged wife Amy (Paula Patton) believes that he is undergoing a breakdown. He tries to show Amy what happens when he tries to break the mirrors by shooting them, but nothing happens and she does not believe him. He looks in the window of his house and sees his children looking at him. Ben then leaves in frustration and embarrassment. However, Amy starts to believe Ben when she discovers her son Michael talking to his reflection. After calling him away, Michaels reflection remains, smiling at her. Amy calls Ben in a panic, who immediately returns home, and together they cover every reflective surface in the house. Shortly after, Ben discovers Anna Esseker's home, but she is not there. The owner of the house says that when Anna was here strange things would happen with the mirrors, so they tried to get her help. The doctor's treatment was to lock Anna in a room of mirrors. Whatever was in her, left her and "entered" the mirrors. After that, Esseker was sent to a convent, where mirrors are not permitted. After finding Anna, she explains to Ben that she was possessed by a demon, and while in the hospital she was confined to a chair in a room which was surrounded by mirrors, as the doctors' believed this treatment would cure her schizophrenia by forcing her to confront her own reflection. In reality, the demon within her was drawn from her and became trapped in the mirrors. Ben begs Anna to come back to the department store so that the demon will leave his family alone, though Anna refuses. Meanwhile, Ben's family is attacked by the mirrors. Because he feels the demon in the mirrors is a friend, Michael cleans the paint from all reflective surfaces with a butcher knife and turns all the faucets on, covering the floor with a thin, reflective layer of water. Amy is almost drowned by Michael's reflection in the bathtub, but she saves herself by pulling the drain plug. Meanwhile, a reflection of Amy almost slashes her daughter's throat but the real Amy manages to save her. Amy calls Ben for help, and he abducts Anna at gunpoint. Anna returns to the mirror room and tells Ben to strap her tight, then leave immediately. Amy finds Michael playing in the water. Michael is pulled through the surface of the water by his own reflection and is trapped on the other side, underwater. As Anna opens her eyes and becomes repossessed, the mirrors explode. Ben returns to the mirror room and discovers that the demon is now crawling on the ceiling and walls and has superhuman strength. Ben shoots at it but fails to wound the demon. He then impales it on a broken steam pipe that ignites a nearby gas line. He tries to escape the crumbling building but the demon attacks again and he is forced to fight it off. The building gives away and various rubble comes down on the demon, killing it, and supposedly Ben as well. At the family's home, Amy claws at the surface of the water in an attempt to rescue her drowning son. Suddenly, Michael is released from the other side of the reflection and Amy is able to pull him to safety and revive him with CPR. Ben finally pulls himself out of the rubble and stumbles his way out of the building. Police and firemen are everywhere in the street, and a body is seen taken in a bag by paramedics, but nobody stops Ben as he leaves. He realizes that something is different because the name on a badge is written in reverse (like a mirror), so is the word "Police" on a car; his hand wound from earlier in the movie is on the opposite hand. Ben then realizes that he was crushed to death under the rubble and is now trapped in the mirror world. Fleeing the scene, he happens upon a mirror in town, and he can not see his reflection. He places his hand on it. The scene then changes to the real world and the audience sees Ben's hand print on the mirror. The camera pans and credits roll. 
 Melancholia (2011)651) Two sisters find their already strained relationship challenged as a mysterious new planet threatens to collide with Earth. On the night of her wedding, Justine (Kirsten Dunst) is struggling to be happy even though it should be the happiest day of her life. It was an extravagant wedding paid for by her sister and brother-in-law who are trying to keep the bride and all the guests in line. Meanwhile, Melancholia, a blue planet, is hurtling towards the Earth. Claire (Charlotte Gainsbourg), Justine's sister, is struggling to maintain composure with fear of the impending disaster. napierslogs On the day of her wedding, Justine (Kirsten Dunst) is trying to keep her severe depression in check and appear happy in front of all her family and guests. But cracks begin to show under the pressure of keeping in line with the schedule set by Justine's brother-in-law, who paid for the wedding. Only Justine's sister seems to understand what she is going through, and tries to help her finish out the night, but to no avail. As the planet Melancholia bears down on Earth, Justine finds peace in the thought of imminent destruction while her sister Claire (Charlotte Gainsbourg) spirals into terrible anxiety. regan_02 The lives of adult sisters Justine (Kirsten Dunst) and Claire (Charlotte Gainsbourg) are presented, one story centering around a specific event dedicated to each of the sisters. In Justine's story, it is the day of her wedding to Michael (Alexander Skarsgrd). The entire day is overseen by controlling Claire, with the lavish reception, paid by Claire's wealthy husband John (Kiefer Sutherland), being held on John and Claire's vast rural and remote estate. Those closest to Justine know that she suffers from severe depression. On the surface, the reception is most affected by the interaction between Justine and Claire's estranged parents, who split long ago. However, bubbling under the surface are the interrelationships between all the major players at the wedding which may have a greater impact on what happens to Justine. While Claire and John state that everything they have done this day is to make Justine happy, most of those major players are working toward self-interest and/or truth to their inner being, including Justine's boss Jack (Stellan Skarsgrd), who also happens to be Michael's best man. In Claire's story, which takes place a short unspecified time following the wedding, an astrological incident on the wedding day has been explained as a rogue planet, named Melancholia, having entered the solar system. According to astronomy buff John, the scientific prediction is that Melancholia will miss colliding with any of the major bodies in the solar system, including Earth. John is organizing a viewing party for the night of the best sighting of Melancholia, the party on the estate for him, Claire, their adolescent son Leo (Cameron Spurr), and Justine. While John steadfastly prepares for the party, Claire cannot help but be worried that the scientists are wrong, and that the end of the world is near. Although Justine is in a state of nearly total debilitation after arriving on the estate, due to her general depression, she ultimately evolves to a state of eerie calm, which may be a foretelling of what is to come. Huggo On the night of her wedding to Michael (Alexander Skarsgrd), Justine (Kirsten Dunst) struggles with premonitions of a blue planet called Melancholia, on a collision course with the Earth. Ironically, while the ensuing oblivion brings on a condition of depressive, Melancholia, Justine's sister, Claire (Charlotte Gainsbourg), struggles to maintain composure and calm around her as impending disaster unsettles everyone. The extravagant wedding, paid for by Justine's brother-in-law, is shattered as the husband and guests depart and the sisters are left to deal with the impending cataclysm alone. PJT Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with an introductory eight-minute sequence involving the main characters and images from space and introducing many of the film's visual leitmotifs. These are virtually still/slow-motion images revealing the key elements of the film: Justine (Kirsten Dunst) the bride in deep melancholy with birds falling behind her; a lawn with trees and a sundial with two different shadows; Pieter Breughel's Hunters in the Snow (often used as interpretation of an idealized nostalgia) the non existent 19th hole (limbo) and the Black Horse collapsing catastrophically in slow motion (id/ego battle); Justine as a bride being swept along by a river; and her being held back by her wedding dress; and finally Justine and her nephew building their magic cave before planet Earth crashes into the large gas giant planet Melancholia becoming one. The film continues in two parts. Part One: "Justine" is of an ideal and perfect wedding that sweeps bride Justine along and which clashes with Justine's fragile world. This act begins with an clumsy, oversized wedding vehicle unable to negotiate a curve in the road. Newlyweds Justine and her husband Michael (Alexander Skarsgrd) arrive two hours late to their own reception at the large family estate where Justine's older sister Claire (Charlotte Gainsbourg) and her husband John (Kiefer Sutherland) reside. Justine happens to notice a particularly bright red star in the twilight sky which John identifies as Antares. During the course of the afternoon and evening we realize that each of the characters represent a metaphor. These metaphors are developed during the night of the wedding reception. Her brother-in-law, John, represents sacrifice (cost of the wedding) and social conformity. Dexter (John Hurt), Justine and Claire's father, is hedonistic and selfish therefore unable to connect at a meaningful level with Justine. Her mother, Gaby (Charlotte Rampling) a shrewd, brutal, ruthlessly and pathologically honest imp which gets her thrown out of the wedding. However Justine's sister, Claire, who represents order urges Justine to dishonestly hide her debilitating melancholy from her bland, gormless, doting husband, Michael, (This is highlighted by his wedding speech) and anyway who would be incapable of handling such honesty. Jack (Stellan Skarsgrd), Justine's boss, represents ruthless greed and gluttony during the most personal part of the wedding speech as he is hustling her to promote a vacuous spiritually empty campaign based on a modern facsimile of Bruegels The Land of Cockaigne (mythical land of excess) she later opens a book at this picture. During the critical part of the wedding, cake cutting, Justine and her mother independently escape to their separate bathrooms to have bath, to cleanse themselves of the social deception of the wedding. Later again, Justine escapes the wedding and whist watching Melancholia's approach to Earth squats and urinates on the 18th hole (ultimate success). Her boss's nephew Tim (Brady Corbet) (ambition) is given the opportunity to exploit the opportunity to get the tag line at all costs, to promote his career, a similar task to what Justine was previously so successful at. He is later fired for his failure at absolute ruthlessness. Justine recognizing her complicity aggressively resigns. She cannot consummate her wedding with her gormless husband and goes out on a sand trap and copulates with her boss's nephew, a professional kindred spirit. He later suggests due to their similarity they form a business together, Justine curtly declines. Her gormless husband leaves. At dawn the next day, Justine reluctantly goes horseback riding with her sister Claire when she notices that the bright red star has disappeared. Part Two: "Claire" deals with Justine's relationship with her sister, Claire It also follows Justine's mental decay and reawakening as the inevitable Melancholia collision approaches. The film re-opens several months later as John explains that the reason for Antares' disappearance was because the newly discovered planet Melancholia was blocking the star from view. Melancholia, a rogue gas giant planet that entered the Solar System from behind the Sun, becomes visible in the sky as it approaches ever closer to Earth. John is excited about the planet and looks forward to the "fly-by" predicted by scientists. Melancholia's first approach and final collision with Earth, as described (and shown briefly in a similar diagram) in the film. Claire then receives a phone call from Justine telling her that she must visit them after having left her husband. She arrives a short while later by taxi, where she appears very hollow and drained of emotion. Justine takes Claire upstairs to a room for her to rest and then to have a bath. During Justine's deepest, almost catatonic depression, her sister is unable to cleanse her in the bath. Justine is so numb that during dinner, her favorite dish offered and made specially for her by Claire, and to Justine, it tastes of ash. Before the reception, Justine proudly claims to be the only one to ride the Black Horse; her brother-in-law, John, under his breath says that the horse is also loyal to him. As Justine further emotionally decays, her connection to the Black Horse becomes more remote and frustrated. On two occasions, the horse refuses to cross a bridge over a river to the non-existent 19th hole. As Justine disintegrates, she gets more brutal with her frustration with the horses refusal, finally mercilessly whipping it to the ground. Claire becomes very fearful that the end of the world is imminent, in spite of her husband's reassurances that everyone will be safe. She searches the Internet and finds an article predicting that the movements of Melancholia around the Earth will bring the two planets into a full-on collision soon afterward. Justine tells her sister that she has the ability to predict with certainty events such as the number of beans in a bottle and that she is confident that Melancholia will meet with Earth, this being a good thing as life itself is evil. As the end is becoming more certain the family butler, Little Father (Jesper Christensen), disappears. On the night of the fly-by, it seems that Melancholia will merely pass very near without striking the Earth. The next day, however, Claire realizes that Melancholia is circling back and will collide with Earth after all. The certainty that Melancholia is making its terminal rotation back to Earth is at odds with John's certainty of a safe fly-by. On realizing his fallibility, John fatally poisons himself in the Black Horses stable. Claire, on finding John dead, releases the horse. Justine has a bath, stating that she is now all clean. Claire tries to escape the golf course but the golf cart shuts down on the same bridge, frustrating her. She returns to the lodge as the world begins its demise. Faced with the impending collision, Claire becomes distraught and suggests getting together on the terrace with wine and music. In response, a surprisingly calm yet angry Justine dismisses her idea. Her young nephew, being scared, is reassured by Justine who says that they can be safe in a magic cave, something she has promised several times to make. This contrasts with her earlier statement during her dark melancholy that there is nowhere to hide. The three sit in the magic cave (a wood tepee). Justine is stoic and strong as the world beautifully comes to a catastrophic end, at one with Melancholia. 