nm0007078:

 Captain America: The First Avenger (2011)761) Steve Rogers, a rejected military soldier, transforms into Captain America after taking a dose of a "Super-Soldier serum". But being Captain America comes at a price as he attempts to take down a war monger and a terrorist organization. It is 1942, America has entered World War II, and sickly but determined Steve Rogers is frustrated at being rejected yet again for military service. Everything changes when Dr. Erskine recruits him for the secret Project Rebirth. Proving his extraordinary courage, wits and conscience, Rogers undergoes the experiment and his weak body is suddenly enhanced into the maximum human potential. When Dr. Erskine is then immediately assassinated by an agent of Nazi Germany's secret HYDRA research department (headed by Johann Schmidt, a.k.a. the Red Skull), Rogers is left as a unique man who is initially misused as a propaganda mascot; however, when his comrades need him, Rogers goes on a successful adventure that truly makes him Captain America, and his war against Schmidt begins. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) During World War 2, Steve Rogers tries to enlist but is repeatedly rejected for his frail and sickly condition, however a scientist notes his determination and allows him to be accepted. What Steve doesn't know is that this scientist is in charge of a government project to create super soldiers, in which Steve is to be the first, but the colonel in charge of the project can't see what the scientist does in this scrawny runt - a strong inner character. Meanwhile, Johann Schmidt, head of a German science division known as HYDRA, knows this scientist and fears the success of his project in America. It could mean trouble for the Germans, so he sends a man to infiltrate and see if it's a success, and "take care" of the scientist if it is. It is, and he does, but not without Steve and his new abilities chasing him down. With the doctor dead, no more American supermen will be forthcoming, and Steve quickly becomes a mere U.S. war drive propaganda tool called "Captain America." His role is useful, if undignified, but he soldiers on with it dutifully till hearing of his best friend's unit's capture, for which he promptly heads out to rescue them. During this rescue, he meets the diabolical Schmidt, and the two become each other's arch nemesis. rcs0411@yahoo.com At the outset of World War II, Steve Rogers wants nothing more than to join the army. The only problem is that he can't pass the physical. He's tried several times under different names without success. Dr. Abraham Erskine notes his eagerness and recruits him for an experimental project. Rogers is soon transformed, both mentally and physically, into a super soldier where he eventually faces off against the Nazi organization Hydra and its head, known as Red Skull. garykmcd Steve Rogers, a weak, sickly young man eager to fight is repeatedly rejected from the war-until a seemingly "crazy" scientist recruits him in a new experiment to turn the tides. He is transformed into the super soldier the world needs, but no one believes it. He is used as an empty face for propaganda until his comrades, including hid best and only friend, are captured by the Red Skull, a Nazi general who wants to use the Tesseract for evil. "Captain America" breaks into Red Skull's HQ with the help of Peggy Carter and Howard Stark, and Captain America saves everyone. And everyone begins to realize what Captain America can really do. During WWII, Steve Rogers constantly tries to enlist himself into the Army with the intention of protecting mankind. After being denied in several cities, Rogers is finally enlisted through service for a special military division dubbed the Strategic Scientific Reserve. Proving his worth, Rogers is selected by kindly Dr Abraham Erskine to take part in his Super Soldier experiments. Transformed, Rogers is super strong and fast and is dubbed as Captain America. After a brief career in propaganda and saving his best friend, Rogers begins to take the fight to the evil forces of the Nazi organization HYDRA and its dictatorial leader Red Skull, who seeks a source of dangerous power to help him destroy the world. Blazer346 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bright headlights cut through a thick sheet of snowflakes. A scientist, bundled as warmly as possible, treks through the sleet. Two other men, in matching black cold-weather uniforms, approach the scientist. He leads them to an excavation site which is easily the size of a football field; at the center of the site appears to be a giant wing and fuselage. The black-suited men cut through the fuselage of the mystery craft and enter. Inside they find the remains of a massive, frozen ship. One of the men brushes away at the snow and sees a shimmering red, white, and blue shield encased in ice. Tonsberg, Norway, 1942: Two caretakers for an ancient Viking ruin listen as their town is overrun by Nazis. Suddenly the front door blasts open and in flood multiple Nazi agents. One of the caretakers is killed in the blast and the other frantically begs that the soldiers leave him in peace. They pay no attention to the old man and instead open the building's crypts one-by-one. They come to one sarcophagus whose lid is too heavy to lift. A dark figure appears in the exploded entryway. Johann Schmidt (Hugo Weaving), a high-ranking Nazi and leader of the HYDRA sect, nonchalantly enters. He crosses the room, comes to the difficult-to-open sarcophagus and easily pushes the lid free. Within he finds the skeletal remains of an old Viking clutching a glass cube (the Tesseract). The caretaker pleads for Schmidt to leave it. Schmidt scoffs and tells how this cube would be the jewel of Odin's treasury if it weren't a fake. He smashes it on the floor and goes to the caretaker, asking where the real cube is hidden. The caretaker initially refuses but under threat of harm to his family, he relents, gesturing to a hidden drawer across the room, part of an ancient carving the size of the wall. Schmidt pries the drawer open and finds the real, glowing cube concealed within. Schmidt orders his men to shell the city and then shoots the luckless caretaker. At a recruiting station in Brooklyn, Steve Rogers (Chris Evans), a 20-something, 90 lb, 5-foot tall asthmatic eagerly awaits the opportunity to enlist in the United States Army. The army doctor gives a once-over to Steve's medical file, which reads like that of a 90 year old man, and rejects Steve's application as the military 4-F, as this is his fourth failed attempt to enlist. Distraught, Steve heads to the movies. He envies the enlisted men featured in the pre-show newsreel, and watches as other audience members tear up. A loud-mouthed, impatient movie-goer begins yelling at the screen "Start the movie! I didn't pay to see this crap!" Steve tells the man to shut up, and is surprised as the man turns around, stands up and towers above him. In the alley behind the theater the bully savagely beats the scrawny Steve, who bravely fights back, but is easily overpowered. When his opponent asks him why he won't simply give up, the bloodied Steve says "I can do this all day." James "Bucky" Barnes (Sebastian Stan), Steve's best friend, comes running to the alley. He swiftly kicks the bully away and tends to Steve, who is annoyed that Bucky showed up and got rid of the bully just as Steve got his second wind. "Bucky" is now an enlisted-man. His application was accepted and he's been assigned to the 107th infantry. In a celebratory mood, Bucky invites Steve to go dancing with a pair of girls on a double date. Bashfully, Steve tags along. The four head to the World's Fair in Queens. While Bucky canoodles with his dates, Steve watches as playboy inventor Howard Stark (Dominic Cooper) unsuccessfully demonstrates a flying car. Steve breaks away from the group and goes to another recruiting station. Bucky catches up with him and asks how Steve intends to forge his application this time. Unbeknownst to them both, Dr. Abraham Erskine (Stanley Tucci) while passing by, eavesdrops on their conversation. He is fascinated by the gumption of Steve. Bucky wishes Steve good luck on his latest application and Steve heads in to the recruiting station for his fifth physical. Inside Steve sits on an examination table and grows nervous when an MP enters the room, and is soon followed by Dr. Erskine. Dr. Erskine has all of Steve's prior applications on file. Concerned by Steve's failed applications, Erskine tests his character by asking if his insistence on applying for military service is driven purely by a desire to kill Nazis. The young man sincerely reveals that he is not a killer at heart, but does not like "bullies" regardless of their origin; he also shows little concern when Erksine reveals that he is German by birth. Won over by Steve's strong will and unwavering conviction, Erksine accepts his latest application. In a secret military installation high in the Alps, Johann Schmidt brings the glowing cube to Dr. Arnim Zola, his Hydra weapon specialist. The cube's seemingly limitless power enables Schmidt and Dr. Zola to power unstoppable energy guns and cannons. Meanwhile, Steve has been enlisted into basic training under the careful watch of Dr. Erskine and Colonel Chester Phillips (Tommy Lee Jones). He and his platoon are told that they are candidates for the government's latest Super Soldier program. Phillips is unimpressed with Steve and is vexed by Dr. Erskine's interest in him. During basic training Steve meets a beautiful but driven British officer, Peggy Carter (Haley Atwell), who seems to pity him. Despite being the smallest and weakest of the platoon, Steve demonstrates the greatest spirit, selflessness and ingenuity, especially when his platoon are charged with retrieving a flag from the top of a tall pole: as the other, more fit men in the company fail the task one by one as they try to climb up the pole, Steve casually pulls the pin holding it up, taking the flag when the pole crashes to the ground. Phillips, still unconvinced, tosses a grenade into the group during calisthenics and they all scatter. Phillips is surprised when Steve alone leaps on top of it, willing to sacrifice himself to save the others, before discovering that the grenade was a dummy. Phillips concedes to Erskine's decision. That evening, Dr. Erskine speaks with Steve. The two bond over a bottle of Schnapps and Dr. Erskine reveals that this is not his first time performing this experiment. He tells a story of how, prior to his emigration to the US, he was ordered by Johann Schmidt to create a serum that would give a man god-like strength. Dr. Erskine created an early version of the serum he intends to use on Steve, only when Schmidt injected himself his body's skin corroded away, leaving him as a sinewy red skeleton. Undeterred by the risk, Steve agrees to follow through with the procedure. The following morning Steve and Peggy wind their way through Brooklyn and come to a stop in front of an old antique shop. Along the way Steve points out various parts in Brooklyn where he's been beaten up. She asks him why he never ran away. He responds that running away, in his mind, was an invitation for further abuse. The two enter the antique shop, exchange pass-codes with an old woman manning the register, and descend into a secret military bunker concealed within. Peggy leads Steve to the heart of the bunker where they find Dr. Erskine preparing a medical capsule along with Howard Stark, and Colonel Phillips rubbing elbows with senators and dignitaries. Steve is told to remove his shirt and sit in the capsule. Stark describes that the procedure will first mean injecting muscle re-generators into Rogers' major muscle groups which will then be bombarded with "vita rays." Erskine has made no secret of the pain Steve will endure but promises he'll come out stronger. Carter bids Steve good luck and joins Phillips in the overhead viewing chamber. Erskine's serum is injected into Steve's muscles and Steve is enclosed within the vita ray capsule. The capsule glows brightly, Steve yells in pain but also tells them to continue and the procedure is quickly completed. When the capsule is shut down, Steve comes out a foot taller and a hundred pounds heavier with solid muscle, which is just the most superficial aspects of his body artificially raised to the maximum human potential. Everybody, including Phillips, celebrates the success of the procedure, and descends from the viewing chamber to congratulate Erskine. A lone dignitary, in actuality a German spy named Heinz Kruger (Richard Armitage), stays behind, placing a small satchel on a chair. Moments later the viewing gallery explodes. Kruger descends the stairs and fatally shoots Dr. Erskine twice. He swiftly kills the guards and flees onto the streets with Peggy in hot pursuit. Steve tends to a dying Dr. Erskine, who has just enough energy to point to Steve's heart before he dies. Steve bolts out of the bunker, in pursuit of Kruger. In the street Peggy pursues Kruger, and easily kills his getaway driver. Kruger steals a taxi and aims to run over Peggy. Steve arrives in the nick of time, saving her from being killed by the on-coming taxi. Steve pursues the taxi on foot, running faster than a normal human can (and not suffering the fatigue even a healthy man would). Displaying superhuman agility, he leaps onto the roof of the taxi, dodges Kruger's gunfire and the two come to a crashing stop at the Brooklyn docks. Kruger shoots at Steve, who holds the star-imprinted door of the wrecked cab in front of him as a shield. Kruger flees to his Hydra sub, which dives underwater just as Steve arrives. Steve dives after the sub, punches a hole through the cockpit's glass and yanks Kruger to the surface. Kruger tells Steve that he is the first of many, that Rogers can "cut off one head," but two more take it's place." He then kills himself with a cyanide capsule hidden in a fake tooth, letting out one last "Heil HYDRA!" before dying. Meanwhile, Schmidt and Dr. Zola are visited by a trio of Hitler's top commanders, tasked with inspecting Schmidt's operation. They ridicule Schmidt, saying that the Nazi party no longer takes him and HYDRA seriously due to his obsession with magic and the occult and playfully refer to him as "The Red Skull", a name that infuriates Schmidt. Schmidt takes the three to his weapons lab where they are shown his unstoppable energy weapons and a strategic map of Europe dotted with targets. One of the three notices a target hovering over Berlin and confronts Schmidt. Schmidt quickly vaporizes the three Nazi officers. Schmidt announces that HYDRA has disbanded from the Nazi party and is now enemies with the world. The following day Phillips and Carter pick up the remains of Dr. Erskine's lab. Both are despondent because the only person capable of producing the serum was Erskine himself. Steve is eager to go the front lines of the European Theatre but Phillips would rather he be a lab-rat than a soldier in his army. Steve is approached by a senator holding a newspaper of the prior day's events, emblazoned with a front-page photo of Steve chasing down Heinz Kruger. Steve has become an overnight celebrity and the Senator has an idea that will be mutually beneficial. Steve is enlisted in the USO (United Service Organizations), and travels around the Midwest, promoting war bonds and performing musical numbers in a shoddy red, white and blue costume while carrying a triangle-shaped shield bearing the stars-and-stripes. He takes on the name "Captain America" and the show includes a theme song written specifically for him, features dancing girls and a short segment where he punches out Hitler, played by an actor. Captain America becomes an overnight success, spawning comic books and black and white movies. His antics drum up revenue for the USO. Steve is soon taken overseas, to Italy, where he is to continue entertaining the troops. Upon his arrival the surly and war-torn men tease him and tell him to get lost. He is soon met by Carter, who along with Phillips, is overseeing European Theatre of the war. She tells him that the men are unhappy because many men from their division, the 107th Infantry, have been killed in battle. Steve realizes that this is Bucky's division, and quickly runs to see Phillips. Phillips is unable to find Bucky's name on his casualty list and tells Steve to go back to his job as a movie star and a cheerleader. Steve asks Carter where the men, and Bucky, are being held. She shows him a map, and a known HYDRA weapons factory 30-40 miles behind enemy lines. Steve hastily pulls on a pair of army trousers and leather jacket over his Captain America costume, and a blue helmet with a white 'A' stamped on the front. He aims to steal a jeep and drive into HYDRA's back yard, but she has a better idea. Howard Stark flies them both over the battlefield in his private plane. Steve surmises that Stark and Carter have a relationship and bashfully withholds his feelings for her. Just as anti-aircraft guns from HYDRA begin firing on Stark's plane, Steve parachutes in, while the other two escape back to safety. Steve stealthily makes his way into the HYDRA base, taking out numerous guards in the process. Inside, Schmidt and Zola are manufacturing enough weapons to wipe out every capital in the world. Steve makes his way to the holding cells where he sees hundreds of imprisoned men from the 107th. He frees the men and tells them to make a "messy" exit. Under the leadership of the "Howling Commandos" the prisoners manage to overpower their captors, steal guns and tanks, and escape from the facility, destroying much of it. Schmidt watches Steve by CCTV, and quickly realizes that he must be Erskine's man. He quickly activates several explosive charges that will level the base. Steve makes his way through the facility and happens across Bucky, who is tied down to an operating table, and has quite obviously been tortured. Steve also notices an oversized tactical map mounted on the wall, with various marked installations. Steve frees Bucky, who is surprised to see that Steve is taller than him, and commits the map to memory. The two head up the catwalks and find themselves face to face with Schmidt on a retractable bridge. Rogers punches Schmidt, who surprisingly stands his ground. Schmidt plays with his face, which has apparently come free from his skull, and quickly peels it away as a mask. The Red Skull stares back at Rogers and Bucky and swiftly enters an elevator. In the elevator The Red Skull tells Arnim Zola to meet him at another one of Hydra's bases and to take his car. The Red Skull escapes the exploding facility in a strangely-designed private plane while Zola sneaks away in Schmidt's roadster. Inside Steve and Bucky have a huge divide to cross to their freedom. Bucky crosses a trembling, buckling support beam and manages to cross to safety moments before the beam plummets into the fire below. Left with no other option, Steve backs up as far as he can and leaps over the burning chasm. Back at the 107th base camp, Phillips dictates a letter to his typist, telling how Rogers disappeared the prior night and likely perished during the battle. At that, Phillips berates Agent Carter for causing this loss and notes that unlike the indispensable Stark, she herself can be punished. Carter attempts to justify her actions, but Phillips bluntly dismisses her opinions considering that the loss of Rogers, the only successful test subject of Project: Rebirth, would be ample justification to close down their organization. Just then, Rogers arrives, with nearly 400 survivors of the 107th carrying samples of the Red Skull's technology including some combat vehicles leaving the base in a fervor. Rogers submits himself to Phillips for disciplinary action for going out in direct violation of orders, but is forgiven. At this success, Bucky calls for cheers for Rogers, who has truly become Captain America. The news of "Captain America's" success on the battlefield has swept over the world, but Rogers does not appear for his medal from Congress. The reason for that absence is in London, where Steve gives Phillips and Carter his best recollection of the HYDRA base map and tells them that he intends to go to those bases and destroy them one by one, and wishes to recruit a team of men made up of those he liberated in Italy. Steve meets the Howling Commandos in a bar and they eagerly accept the offer. While there all the men are surprised as Peggy enters dressed in a form-fitting cocktail dress. She ignores all the men, including Bucky, and flirts with Steve, telling him that she'd love to have a dance with him some day. The next day Steve is summoned to the Brooklyn bunker to see Phillips and Stark. Steve is approached by a beautiful female officer who wishes to thank him for his service the best way she knows how. Peggy walks in on Steve kissing the enlisted-woman and angrily storms away. Steve apologetically follows her to Stark's lab, insisting that he gets nervous around women and asks why he should apologize if Carter and Stark have a thing going. Stark quickly shoots down the rumored relationship and takes Steve to his weapons engineering lab. He remarks that Rogers has become attached to the triangular shield, which Steve says is a handy tool in the field. On a table are several prototype shields with sophisticated components, however Steve finds a plain, circular shield on a lower shelf. Stark explains that the shield is made of a metal called "vibranium", which is lighter than steel and is vibration resistant and will absorb heavy impacts. He holds the shield in front of him and asks Peggy for his opinion. She playfully/scornfully fires a clip from a .45 pistol at the shield, which Steve ducks behind. The shield passes the improvised test admirably. As she walks off, Steve passes a sketch of a uniform to Stark. Steve dresses in red, white and blue fatigues, dons a blue form-fitting helmet and stows the newly-colored shield onto his back. Captain America and his soldiers, including Bucky, make their way across Europe, flattening Hydra's bases one by one, with Rogers becoming quite skilled at using the shield as a projectile weapon and also discovering that it can ricochet off several surfaces and lot lose any velocity. News of his exploits reach the Red Skull and Zola. The Skull is furious, referring to Rogers as a "simpleton with a shield" and murders the last man alive at one of his destroyed facilities. High in the Alps, Steve and his men have a mission to capture Zola in his personal train. Three members of the team, Cap, Bucky and Gabe Jones (Derek Luke), zip-line across a massive chasm and storm the train car by car. Soon Cap and Bucky are cornered by heavily armed Hydra soldiers. They narrowly defeat the soldiers, however Bucky is tossed from the train and plummets into an icy river below. Zola is apprehended. Zola sits in a prison cell and is visited by Colonel Phillips, who brings him a steak dinner. Zola rejects the meal, convinced that it must be poisoned. Phillips shrugs and eats it himself. He tells Zola that he broadcast an easily decipherable message, which has certainly been intercepted by HYDRA, saying that Zola had defected. He also knows that Zola is easy to bargain with since he's the sole HYDRA agent they've captured who hasn't taken his cyanide capsule to avoid disclosing information. Zola, fearing that the lie will result in his death by the Red Skull, gives in to Phillips and tells him information of the Red Skull's only remaining HYDRA base. Rogers sulks in a war-ravaged bar. Carter arrives and comforts Steve over the loss of his best friend. Steve realizes that Dr. Erskine's serum rapidly regrows dead cells, making it impossible for him to get drunk. The two flirt a bit and talk about having a dance, once again. Rogers and his team prepare a battle plan to take down Red Skull at his headquarters. Rogers, dressed in a new uniform, mounts a Harley and charges the base. He easily dodges HYDRA soldiers and tanks and finds himself within the base, surrounded by a HYDRA army. He is taken into custody and led to the Red Skull's private weapons lab. Red Skull asks what makes Steve so special. Steve says "Nothing, I'm just a kid from Brooklyn," moments before members of his team zip-line into Red Skull's office. A climatic firefight ensues, as hundreds of soldiers under the direction of Phillips and Carter storm the base, killing many HYDRA soldiers. Red Skull flees to his private hangar, in which a gigantic flying wing, powered by the Tesseract, is preparing for take off. Steve attempts to catch up with the plane on foot, but is unable. Phillips and Carter arrive in the Skull's roadster, and the three take off after the plane. Just as Steve is about to leap onto the plane Peggy stops him and kisses him. Steve leaps from the roadster onto one of the plane's massive wheels. He sneaks into the craft where he finds dozens of kamikaze planes/missiles, each labeled with a different major American city. Hydra soldiers soon enter the room and Steve battles them, taking out numerous men and tiny planes. One of the planes, labeled New York, drops free. Steve takes off after it and manages to commandeer the craft and crashes it back into the flying wing after throwing the pilot through its rearward mounted propeller. Inside the large cockpit, Captain America and Red Skull have a fisticuffs battle. Red Skull fires his cube-energy pistol at Steve who easily deflects the shots using his shield. A shot is deflected into one of the cockpit's center consoles which contains the glowing blue cube. The console is damaged and Skull lifts the cube into the air. Suddenly a portal opens above him, showing starry space. The Red Skull glows brightly and is seemingly disintegrated. His remains are swept up into the cosmos. The cube, still glowing brightly, drops to the ground and burns its way down through the plane's hull before plummeting into the ocean below. Steve mans the plane's controls and radios Carter. He tells her that the plane is on a flight-path that will take them to the Eastern Seaboard. He tells her that their dance will have to wait. He pushes the plane into a dive and crashes it into a glacier below. Peggy can only hear static. Steve awakens in a 1940's hospital. An old-fashioned radio transmits the play-by-play of a Brooklyn Dodgers game. He gets up, looks out the windows and watches as the hospital door opens. A young nurse (Amanda Righetti) who bares a striking resemblance to Peggy enters. She waits for a response from Steve, who looks her over suspiciously. He asks why the radio is playing a game from May 1941... specifically, a game that he knows he attended. She reaches into her pocket and withdraws a two-way radio. Two tall soldiers in black uniforms enter the room, and Steve easily tosses them through a wall. Steve steps through the hole and is surprised to see that the 'hospital' is in fact a movie-set. He runs through the dark corridors, pushes a door open, and finds himself in a modern skyscraper bustling with people in business suits. He flees the building and finds himself in Times Square, circa 2011. He peers around, shocked by his surroundings, and watches as numerous matching black SUVs encircle him. Nick Fury (Samuel L Jackson) appears and carefully speaks to Steve. He tells him that he's been asleep, in ice, for 70 years, in a state of suspended animation. The hospital set was meant to gradually introduce him to modern society. Still perplexed, Steve breathes heavily and sadly tells Fury that he had a date, as he realizes everyone else he used to know in the 1940s is long dead or very old now. In a post-credit scene, Steve is in an old-fashioned gym. He pummels a punching bag so hard that he knocks it off its chain and sends it flying across the room. Fury enters the gym and asks Steve if he's had trouble sleeping. Steve cynically asks if Fury has come with another mission. Fury replies in the affirmative. Suddenly we see images of all the superheroes, who include Steve/Captain America, Thor (from the movie of the same name), Tony Stark (from the 'Ironman' movies), Hawkeye, Black Widow, Bruce Banner (from 'The Incredible Hulk') and other Shield agents preparing for battle. Fury tells him that "they're up." His personal mission to build an army of superheroes is complete, previewing The Avengers. 
 Assassin's Creed (2016)541) Callum Lynch explores the memories of his ancestor Aguilar de Nerha and gains the skills of a Master Assassin, before taking on the secret Templar society. Through a revolutionary technology that unlocks his genetic memories, Callum Lynch (Michael Fassbender) experiences the adventures of his ancestor, Aguilar de Nerha, in 15th Century Spain. Callum discovers he is descended from a mysterious secret society, the Assassins, and amasses incredible knowledge and skills to take on the oppressive and powerful Templar organization in the present day. ahmetkozan A man named Callum Lynch is sentenced to death by lethal injection in Texas. However, the Abstergo Company fakes his death and Callum is brought to the headquarter in Madrid, Spain. Callum meets the CEO Alan Rikkin and learns that he is a descendant of members from the Assassin's Creed, a brotherhood that protects the Apple from the Templars. The Apple is a device that contains the genetic code for free will and the Templars may dominate the humans if they find where The Apple is hidden. Callum is submitted to the Animus, a machine developed by Rikkin's daughter Sofia to relive genetic memories and find where the Apple is. Along the experiment with the Animus, Callum meets his mother and other Assassin's Creed and embraces their cause. But Rikkin, who is a Templar, has retrieved the Apple. What will Callum do? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil As a young boy Callum Lynch witnessed his father murder his mother. Now, 30 years later, he is being executed for murder. However, the execution is faked and, instead of dying, he is transported to a special facility. It turns out that he is descended from a 15th century master-assassin, Aguilar, a member of the Assassin's Brotherhood. The plan is to train him in the ways of his forefather. This will enable him to fight the arch-enemy of his forefather, the Templars. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Spain, 1492 The Knights of the Templar Order are seeking out the Apple of Eden, which legend tells contains the seeds that led to the first sin. The Templars wants to seize the Apple for control over free will in a violent world. The Brotherhood of Assassins were the ones set out to destroy the Templars. Aguilar de Nerha (Michael Fassbender) is tasked with stopping the Templars from taking the Apple. He recites the Assassin's Creed: "We work in the dark to serve the light. We are Assassins." We jump to the 20th century where a young Callum Lynch (Angus Brown) trying to ride his bike across rooftops. After he fails, he goes home and finds his mother Mary (Essie Davis) has been murdered by Cal's father Joseph (Brian Gleeson), who is dressed as an Assassin. Cal runs away from home as his father is pursued by modern day Templars. It is now the present day. An adult Callum (now played by Michael Fassbender) is headed to his execution after being convicted of murder. He is hooked up to a chair for a lethal injection. Cal experiences trippy imagery before passing out. Cal wakes up to find Dr. Sophia Rikkin (Marion Cotillard), who tells him that he is legally dead, but has been brought to a facility. Cal runs out of his room and comes across a window overlooking the city in a massive building. Sophia tells Cal that the building belongs to Abstergo Industries. They need Cal for an important experiment. Callum is taken to a room with a large claw-like mechanism called the Animus. Sophia explains that the Animus will allow Cal to see the memories of his ancestor, Aguilar. After getting hooked into the Animus, Cal finds himself in the Spanish Inquisition as Aguilar. He and his partner Maria (Ariane Labed) are tasked with rescuing the son of Sultan Muhammad XII (Khalid Abdalla), Prince Ahmed of Granada (Kemaal Deen-Ellis), who has been kidnapped by Templars under the order of Tomas de Torquemada (Javier Gutierrez) in order to obtain the Apple from the Sultan. Aguilar strikes when he kills the Templar group's leader with a Hidden Blade concealed in his sleeve. Aguilar and Maria chase after a chariot where Ahmed is being taken. They run the chariot off the street, causing it to slide over a cliff. Aguilar grabs Ahmed and is left dangling before a Templar leader named Ojeda (Hovik Keuchkerian) approaches him. Sophia then takes Callum out of the Animus, leaving him on a literal cliffhanger. Cal meets other people in the facility who are descendants of Assassins, including Moussa (Michael K. Williams), whose ancestor Baptiste used voodoo against his enemies. Cal begins to experience hallucinations of Aguilar fighting, at times appearing as though he is attacking Cal. Sophia explains that these reflections are normal as part of being put in the Animus. She states that the Animus is meant to show people who made them what they are. Sophia and her father Alan Rikkin (Jeremy Irons) are followers of the Templars. They both claim to be seeking the Apple of Eden in order to rid the world of violence. Rikkin meets with a higher-up, Ellen Kaye (Charlotte Rampling), who wants to shut down Rikkin's project due to the lack of success in locating the Apple. Cal experiences more hallucinations, seeing Aguilar attacking him. Cal dodges Aguilar's attacks, but he ends up striking several Abstergo officials. He is subdued and taken back to the Animus. Now, Aguilar and Maria are captured and detained in a cell with their mentor Benedicto (Carlos Bardem). The Assassins are set to be publicly executed. Benedicto is burned alive, but Aguilar manages to free himself and Maria. They cause explosions by setting off oil barrels and then run over rooftops as the Templars chase after them. Aguilar performs a Leap of Faith, but it causes Callum in the present to be caught in a malfunction with the Animus. Cal and Sophia discuss the project as they both hate the Assassins as it was they that killed both their mothers. Cal reunites with Joseph (now played by Brendan Gleeson). Cal still hates Joseph for killing Mary, but Joseph explains that Mary had willingly allowed herself to be killed so that Abstergo would not experiment on them. When Callum returns to the Animus, we see that Aguilar and Maria found the Apple about to be exchanged between Torquemada and the Sultan in order for Torquemada to return Ahmed to his father. The Assassins fight the Templars and kill them all except for Torquemada and Ojeda. Aguilar gets the Apple, but Ojeda holds Maria with a knife to her neck. Ojeda demands the Apple, but Maria would rather sacrifice herself than to let Aguilar give up the Apple. Aguilar holds onto the Apple, and Ojeda drives the knife into Maria's neck, killing her. Aguilar fights Ojeda and stabs him to death with his Hidden Blade before making off the with Apple. The Rikkins learn that the Apple is currently in the tomb of Christopher Columbus. After retrieving it, they head to a temple in London for a grand ceremony. Sophia learns that her father cares more about completely eradicating the Assassins instead of their strive for peace. Callum has fully synchronized with Aguilar and has accepted his role as an Assassin, especially after seeing Mary dressed as an Assassin as she speaks to him. He leads Moussa and several other modern day Assassins against the Templars, slaughtering nearly all of them. Cal and Sophia come across each other. She threatens to expose him, but he knows she won't do it. They make it to Rikkin and kill him before taking back the Apple. The Assassins are now free from Abstergo, but Sophia appears to conspire against Callum in retaliation for her father's death. 
 Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi (2017)541) The Star Wars saga continues as new heroes and galactic legends go on an epic adventure, unlocking mysteries of the Force and shocking revelations of the past. Jedi Master-in-hiding Luke Skywalker unwillingly attempts to guide young hopeful Rey in the ways of the force, while Leia, former princess turned general, attempts to lead what is left of the Resistance away from the ruthless tyrannical grip of the First Order. Danny Moniz Continuing where Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens (2015) left off, Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi (2017) sees The Resistance striving to stay ahead of The First Order. Rey seeks guidance from Jedi-in-hiding Luke Skywalker so she can learn the ways of The Force, and defected storm-trooper FN-2187 (Finn) will have his faith in The Resistance tested as his past with The First Order comes to haunt not only him, but also threatens the very foundations of the galaxy's future. Johnny Following the battle of Starkiller Base, General Leia Organa leads Resistance forces to flee D'Qar when a First Order fleet arrives. Poe Dameron leads a costly counterattack that destroys a First Order dreadnought, but after the Resistance escapes to hyperspace, the First Order tracks them and attacks the Resistance convoy. Kylo Ren, Leia's son, hesitates to fire on the lead Resistance ship after sensing his mother's presence, but his wing-men destroy the bridge, killing most of the Resistance leadership and incapacitating Leia, who survives by using the Force. Disapproving of new leader Vice Admiral Holdo's passive strategy, Poe helps Finn, BB-8, and mechanic Rose Tico embark on a secret mission to disable the First Order's tracking device.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening crawl from this latest film 'Star Wars, Episode VIII: The Last Jedi' reads that the First Order is plotting to seize military control of the galaxy. A team of Resistance fighters led by General Leia Organa (Carrie Fisher) are planning an evacuation from their main base as Supreme Leader Snoke's (Andy Serkis) forces are coming for them. The Resistance holds out hope that Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) will return to bring hope. The opening scene shows Poe Dameron (Oscar Isaac) and the droid BB-8 are flying over the First Order's dreadnought as General Hux (Domhnall Gleeson) orders his men to fire upon Poe and the Resistance's base. Other fighters head in for the attack. Poe orders a fighter, Paige (Veronica Ngo), to drop the payload onto the dreadnought. The fighters take heavy hits, and Paige is knocked away from her remote. With mere moments before the First Order obliterates the Resistance, Paige is able to grab the remote and drop all their bombs down on the dreadnought, completely destroying it at the cost of her life. The rest of the fighters go into hyperspace to escape. Aboard the First Order ship, a hologram of Snoke reprimands Hux for failing to stop the evacuation. Kylo Ren (Adam Driver) enters the meeting. Snoke notes that, in spite of Kylo killing his father, Han Solo, he may still turn to the light side of the Force. Although Kylo protests, Snoke doesn't have faith in him. On his way down the elevator, Kylo smashes his helmet to pieces in rage. Meanwhile, former storm trooper Finn (John Boyega) wakes up from his coma after his light-saber battle with Kylo. Poe finds him and is happy to see him. The first thing Finn asks is for Rey (Daisy Ridley). Rey has just arrived on the planet Ahch-To with Chewbacca (Joonas Suotamo) and R2-D2 (Jimmy Vee) on the Millenium Falcon to find Luke. She hands him his light-saber, but he just callously tosses it over his shoulder. Confused, Rey follows Luke, but he doesn't want to see her or know who she is and why she has sought him out. She tells him that Leia sent her to find him. Chewie breaks down the door to Luke's hut. Luke then asks Chewie where Han is. Leia demotes Poe as a result of his actions with the dreadnought. Moments later, the First Order ship catches up to the Resistance after tracking their hyper-speed. The First Order deploys their TIE fighters to attack. Kylo flies in in his own TIE fighter and prepares to launch the killing strike against the Resistance leaders, but he pulls back after sensing Leia on board. The other TIE fighters fire upon them, causing a blast that sucks the rebel leaders into space to their deaths. Leia pulls herself back to the ship using the Force, but she goes unconscious. Rey and Kylo begin to feel a connection in which they can see and communicate with each other. With Luke still not wanting to have anything to do with the Force or the Jedi, R2 plays him Leia's original message to Obi-Wan Kenobi to persuade Luke to help (from the first Star Wars film 'A New Hope'). Luke senses Rey's power and eventually agrees to give her lessons in the way of the Jedi and why it must end. With Leia out of commission, Vice Admiral Holdo (Laura Dern) assumes command of the Resistance. Meanwhile, Finn attempts to hop on an escape pod. He is found by mechanic Rose Tico (Kelly Marie Tran), who is mourning Paige, her sister. Rose is a big fan of Finn, seeing him as a Resistance hero. However, she zaps him with her taser when she realizes he's trying to escape. Finn notes that the First Order is tracking them through hyper-speed, and they can't make another jump because they are dangerously low on fuel, and the First Order will find them anyway. With Poe's help, they contact Maz Kanata (Lupita Nyong'o) for assistance, but she is in the middle of a fierce battle. She does tell them that she knows a code-breaker on Canto Bight that can help them, and they need to find him wearing a particular symbol. Rey's first lesson sees Luke attempting to show her to feel the Force and control it. Rey is able to see visions and manipulate small pebbles as she achieves balance. However, she soon sees a vision of herself being pulled toward a dark pit, with Luke trying to break her out of it. The pit spews water and snaps Rey out of the vision. Luke says she saw the dark side of the Force, and she didn't even try to stop herself. He tells her he has seen something like this once before, and it didn't scare him then as it does now. This is why he considers the ways of the Jedi to be a failure. Finn, Rose, and BB-8 arrive at a casino on Canto Bight. Finn is impressed with the glitz and wealth of the casino, but Rose hates the place because only the weapons dealers who sell to the Empire are rich enough to gamble there. It is also home to a number of rotten people who take pleasure in misdeeds, including cruelty to giant but gentle creatures called fathiers that are forced to race, and enslaved children who live with them in the stables as caretakers. The trio finds the Master Codebreaker (Justin Theroux) playing at a table, but the heroes get captured and thrown into a jail cell for illegally parking their ship. In their cell, Finn and Rose meet a stuttering scoundrel named DJ (Benicio Del Toro). He overhears the two of them needing a code-breaker, and he offers his services. DJ manages to open their cell and helps them escape, and they climb down to the stable. Rose, fascinated by the beautiful fathiers, stops to free one from its stable and finds a small boy inside. Frightened, he nearly pushes a panic button but Rose shows him her ring with the Resistance's symbol. They fight guards on the way out with the help of BB-8 and ride the fathiers as they stampede through the casino to get away. Finn and Rose's ship is destroyed but BB-8 and DJ bring them another one to make their escape. Luke mentions that the last time he saw Kylo Ren as his student, he had attempted to kill him by collapsing his hut on him. As Rey and Kylo continue to connect, Kylo tells Rey that Luke saw the power growing in Kylo and had attempted to get rid of him before he got stronger. Holdo starts to set in motion plans to evacuate the Resistance ship to a nearby Resistance stronghold, the planet Crait. Poe believes she is doing something wrong, and he attempts to stage a mutiny. Before his plans can go into effect, Leia appears after waking up and she incapacitates Poe. Leia allows Holdo's plan to go ahead. Rey confronts Luke over what Kylo told him. They engage in a brief fight before she asks if he really tried to kill Kylo. Luke explains that he sensed nothing but great darkness in Kylo, with no hope of him turning back. He did consider killing him but backed out of it, only for Kylo to see him with the light-saber and respond with a counterattack. Rey decides to leave Ahch-To with Chewie and R2. Luke walks by the tree containing sacred Jedi texts when he is met by a familiar face...YODA (voice of Frank Oz). He destroys the tree with a lightning bolt, to Luke's dismay. Yoda's spirit tells Luke to help Rey before she is also lost to the dark side. Luke considers himself a failure, but, in the words of Yoda, "The greatest teacher, failure is." Meanwhile, Finn, Rose, and DJ make it to the First Order's ship. Unfortunately, they are captured by Captain Phasma (Gwendolyn Christie) and her goons, with DJ having told the villains Finn and Rose's plan in order to gain monetary compensation. At the same time, Rey arrives on the same ship and is taken prisoner by Kylo Ren. Kylo brings Rey to Snoke. Rey tries to get Kylo to abandon the dark side, but Snoke taunts Rey as she tries to fight back. Snoke reveals that he created the connection between her and Kylo in an attempt to destroy Luke. Snoke attempts to get Kylo to kill Rey with his light-saber, but Kylo uses Luke's light-saber to impale Snoke and cut him in half. Rey and Kylo then fight Snoke's soldiers and slaughter them all. Kylo, now fully taken over by the dark side, tries to get Rey to join him, but she refuses and tries to get him on the Resistance side. Kylo attempts to manipulate Rey when mentioning her parents. Despite her trying to forget, her parents were just junk traders who sold her off. Rey eventually resists and leaves to rejoin the Resistance while Kylo assumes his role as the new Supreme Leader. As the Resistance fighters are making their way to Crait, Hux's men start to fire upon the transports, killing heavy numbers of the Resistance. Seeing no other option, Holdo sacrifices herself and rams the command ship at light-speed into the First Order ship, splitting it in two and destroying other nearby ships. BB-8, having escaped the villains' clutches, commandeers a AT-AT armored Walker to fire upon the First Order soldiers. Finn and Rose prepare to escape, but Finn battles Phasma until he overpowers her. She tells him he was always scum, to which he proudly responds, "Rebel scum." The ship starts to come apart, and Phasma falls into the burning wreckage. Finn and Rose head off to meet the others on Crait. The surviving Resistance fighters have dwindled to a few dozen or so. Kylo and Hux lead gigantic walkers to the Resistance stronghold, armed with a battering ram cannon that will obliterate the entrance. Poe leads Finn, Rose, and a few others on speeders to fight back. Rey and Chewie come down with the Falcon to draw away TIE fighters while Finn attempts to stop the cannon. He nearly flies head on until Rose crashes her ship into his to stop him. Finn goes to her and asks why she did it. She tells him they always fight for what they love. She kisses him and then passes out. Finn rushes back to the stronghold to get Rose medical attention. The First Order fires their cannon onto the stronghold. Poe and Leia appear hopeless with most of their comrades dead and their own doom approaching. Suddenly, Leia is visited by Luke. The two siblings have a final meeting, with Luke saying that "Nobody is ever truly gone." Luke goes out to face the First Order. Kylo orders the soldiers to fire everything on Luke where he stands. Even after the insane amount of firepower unleashed on Luke, he still stands and coolly brushes his shoulder off. Poe realizes Luke is distracting the villains to allow them to escape. The fighters follow crystal wolves to an exit, only to be blocked by a huge pile of rocks. Kylo goes down to face Luke himself. They duel with their light-sabers, and Kylo attempts to strike Luke with a killing blow, only to realize Luke is a hologram... projecting himself while still on Ahch-To. Luke tells Kylo that he will not be the last Jedi. At that moment, Rey uses the Force to clear the way for the fighters. She and Finn embrace. Kylo screams in rage at his defeat as the heroes board the Falcon and escape. On Ahch-To, Luke finishes using what power he had left. He looks up and sees a twin sunset, just like back on Tatooine. He smiles, and then, he vanishes, now completely becoming one with the Force. Rey tells Leia that she has sensed that Luke is now gone, and she asks what will become of the Resistance now. Leia tells her they have what they need to rebuild. On Canto Bight, a trio of stable children that previously encountered Finn and Rose are telling each other the story of Luke Skywalker. Their master comes over to scold them to force them back to work. The boy they had found in the stable goes outside to sweep. He looks up at the sky to see the Falcon flying overhead, and, with Rose's Resistance ring on his finger, he raises his broom like a light-saber. The film closes with the words, "In loving memory of our princess, Carrie Fisher." 
 Sherlock Holmes (2009)651) Detective Sherlock Holmes and his stalwart partner Watson engage in a battle of wits and brawn with a nemesis whose plot is a threat to all of England. After finally catching serial killer and occult "sorcerer" Lord Blackwood, legendary sleuth Sherlock Holmes and his assistant Dr. Watson can close yet another successful case. But when Blackwood mysteriously returns from the grave and resumes his killing spree, Holmes must take up the hunt once again. Contending with his partner's new fiance and the dimwitted head of Scotland Yard, the dauntless detective must unravel the clues that will lead him into a twisted web of murder, deceit, and black magic - and the deadly embrace of temptress Irene Adler. The Massie Twins In London, Sherlock Holmes and his partner Dr. John Watson captures the follower of black magic and serial killer Lord Blackwood that has already killed five women when he is near to kill his sixth victim. Blackwood is sentenced to be strung up and Dr. Watson attests his death. However, Blackwood mysteriously returns from the afterlife and Inspector Lestrade summons Sherlock Holmes to help the Scotland Yard in the investigation. Meanwhile Dr. Watson intends to get married of the gorgeous Mary Morstan while Sherlock is visited by his former lover Irene Adler that has a secret agenda. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil With the arrest of Lord Blackwood, Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson believe they have stopped one of London's most dangerous killers, responsible for five deaths and about to commit a sixth when he is apprehended. Several months later he is hanged for his crimes but rumors begin to circulate that he is in fact still alive, having used managed and the black arts to escape society's judgment. When they disinter his remains, they find the body of another man in the coffin. Soon, all of London is atwitter with the news that Blackwood has risen from the dead and for some, he is the devil incarnate. With the assistance of the very capable Irene Adler, Holmes and Watson must stop Blackwood before he can initiate his master plan: the takeover of the British government and eventually, world domination. garykmcd As a spate of ritualistic murders terrorises late-1800s Victorian London, the lithe pugilist and debauched detective with the uncanny sense of deduction, Sherlock Holmes, and his acutely observant brother-in-arms, Dr Watson, manage to send to the gallows their occultist arch-enemy, Lord Blackwood. However, evil knows no boundaries--and as the disquieting rumours that the fiendish practitioner of the black arts has eluded death start to spread like wildfire--a mysterious copycat picks up where the deceased aristocrat left off. Now, against the backdrop of rampant superstition, Sherlock's feisty old flame with a hidden agenda, Irene Adler, has returned to further complicate matters, as the seemingly resurrected Blackwood continues his reign of terror. Has the dark lord, indeed, returned from the dead? Is he intent on slaughter and destruction? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins by showing the Warner Brothers and Village Roadshow logos embedded into a cobblestone pavement. We transition to Dr. John Watson ( Jude Law ) and Inspector Lestrade ( Eddie Marsan ) riding in a carriage in the middle of the night. Sherlock Holmes ( Robert Downey Jr. ) follows on foot. He's in a tremendous hurry - he darts between columns, up and down stairs and around buildings effortlessly - and finally enters a non-descript building. Once inside, Holmes starts running down a spiral staircase, but pauses when he notices a henchman waving a lantern and keeping watch. He analyzes the situation, then takes out the henchman. We see the attack get carried out twice - first as Holmes plans it, and again as he executes it: a hammer blow to the side of the head, then grabbing the henchman by his neck to silence his scream, then dragging his left leg. Then in real-time, we see Holmes do all of the following at rapid speed before stealing the sentry's bowler hat. Holmes continues running down the stairs, until he reaches the basement, where a black magic ritual is taking place. Holmes hides behind a column to assess the situation again. In the center of the room, he observes a young woman wearing a white dress, tied to a table, while a hooded figure stands over her chanting some sort of Latin. Scattered across the room are several other hooded figures and henchmen. Holmes begins calculating how to take them out, but is interrupted when a guard comes up from behind him. He fights with the guard, then Watson shows up and chokes the man into unconsciousness. They greet each other with amusing banter (their friendship is very much written as a bromance, and come up at several points in the film), where Watson chides Holmes for forgetting to bring his pistol AND forgetting to turn off the stove. Watson and Holmes race downstairs and attack the henchmen, overpowering most of them while the hooded figure continues the ritual. Back at the table, the (possibly possessed) girl reaches up for a dagger and makes to stab herself. Holmes finishes defeating the henchmen, hurries over and stops her just in time. The hooded figure stops to greet Holmes by name, and is unmasked as Lord Henry Blackwood ( Mark Strong ). As he taunts Holmes, Watson comes running over, but is stopped by Holmes. Turns out, Lord Blackwood is holding some kind of thin stiletto glass knife that would have pierced Watson through the nose if he had gotten any closer. Holmes directs Watson to put his energies into tending the girl, and Lestrade and his men burst in just in the nick of time. As Blackwood and the henchmen are arrested, Lestrade chides Holmes for not waiting for Lestrade's orders. Holmes says that the girl's parents hired him, so he doesn't report to Lestrade. Before Lestrade can retort, a newspaper photographer who wants to take their picture interrupts him. Holmes throws up an arm and prevents the camera from capturing his face. Thus, all the credit is given to Lestrade instead. The credits flash by and consist of newspaper headlines detailing Holmes and Watson's exploits. Three months later, at 221B Baker Street, Watson is treating an elderly patient. As he dresses, the patient asks about Watson's plans to move his medical practice to a new headquarters. Watson confirms that he is moving, and that he hopes to have a woman's touch around the place soon. The patient congratulates him on his (potential - as Watson hasn't proposed yet) nuptials, before nervously asking if Holmes is moving too. Watson says no, but is promptly interrupted by several gunshots that send both men ducking for cover. The patient leaps up and says that the blasts must be gunfire, but Watson soothes him and lies that Holmes is probably hanging a picture with nails and hammer. Watson ducks out to check on the commotion, and is met by Mrs. Hudson ( Geraldine James ). She tells Watson that Holmes is in a mood, and she hopes that he can calm Sherlock down. At this point, the elderly patient comes out and is about to talk, when there's the sound of gunfire again. Watson tells Mrs. Hudson to get the patient a cup of tea, and he'll go see to Holmes himself. He also asks Mrs. Hudson to bring some food to cheer up Holmes. When Watson walks into Holmes's study, the entire room is dark. Watson comments into the darkness that he knows Holmes is bored, as it's been awhile since the Blackwood case. Holmes remarks that he's trying to figure out a way to silence the sound of gunfire, and Watson sarcastically retorts that it's clearly not working. As Watson talks, he goes around opening up the blinds in the room, which causes Holmes to groan painfully. Watson starts rifling through Holmes's mail and offers him prospective cases to consider. Holmes flippantly solves all of them without a second thought. Watson also points out that Holmes is in the papers again, as Lord Blackwood is about to be hanged, and Watson will be the attending physician, as he considers it a good away to conclude his final adventure with Holmes. Mrs. Hudson comes in with tea and snacks, points out that the family bulldog Gladstone is lying immobile on the floor, saying that Holmes has killed the dog, again. Watson hurries over to check on the animal, and asks Sherlock what he's done to the dog now. Holmes nonchalantly says he was just testing out a new anesthetic. Nothing seems to be cheering Holmes up, so Watson throws down the mail and tells Holmes that he needs to get out of the house. He tells Holmes that he's going to join Watson and his future fiance for dinner at a London hotel. Holmes begrudgingly agrees. At an upscale restaurant, Holmes checks his watch several times before Watson and Mary Morstan ( Kelly Reilly ) show up. They chitchat, and Holmes's deductive powers come up. Mary shows some suspicion at Holmes's deduction skills. He points out several basic details about Watson simply from his walking stick, indicating that he is a decorated army veteran of the Afghan Wars. Mary asks Holmes to analyze her, over Watson's objections. He points out that she's a governess and has been engaged once before, but likely broke off the engagement because the fianc wasn't wealthy enough for her. By this point Mary is starting to be come increasingly uncomfortable with Holmes's comments, but Holmes doesn't notice her discomfort or Watson's warnings. He just continues rambling on. He also adds that she's probably trying to do better this time around - e.g. finding a doctor to wed. Mary is extremely offended by his comment, and tosses a glass of wine in his face. She then tells him that everything he said was true, but her first fiance died. She then gets up to leave, thoroughly upset by Holmes's rudeness, and is followed by Watson. Holmes remains at the table and has his dinner, alone, though it looks like he expected this meeting to go bad. Later that night, Holmes participates in a bare-knuckles boxing match. He's getting pummeled by the larger fighter, McMurdo, and seems to be losing. He's suddenly distracted by the appearance of a white handkerchief at the side of the ring with the monogrammed initials "IA." He scans the room and notices his old flame Irene Adler ( Rachel McAdams ), who then winks at him. Holmes makes to leave the ring - to the great disappointment of those cheering him on - but stops when his opponent spits on him. Using the deductive logic we saw earlier, Holmes figures out how to use the handkerchief and some well-calculated moves to take out his opponent. We see the fight sequence twice - once as Holmes is planning through it, and then in real-time as he executes it: it starts when he flicks the handkerchief in front of McMurdo to distract him, then blocks McMurdo's blind jab and counters with a cross to the left cheek, and Holmes claps his hands over the opponent's ears. The dazed McMurdo tries to deploy a haymaker, but Holmes counters with an elbow block and one blow to the chest. Holmes then delivers a cross to the right side of the jaw that fractures the bone, delivers two more body blows and a right hook to the jaw, and finally a heel kick that sends McMurdo crashing out of the ring. He carries them out with blinding speed to the shock and surprise of everyone in the room. When the opponent hits the ground, the entire room falls silent in shock, and someone actually says, "Where did THAT come from?" Holmes looks around, and realizes that Irene's gone. He takes the money from a bookie and leaves. Over at Scotland Yard, the prison guards are trying to deal with a potential riot. In front of Blackwood's cell, a guard is suffering a seizure, and no one wants to be around him for fear of his black magic. One of the braver guards asks him what he wants, and he says that he wants to talk to Holmes. It's his final request. Meanwhile, we next see Watson walking up the stairs at the Punch Bowl tavern. He goes into a room, where he finds Holmes under the influence of cocaine, strumming away at a violin. Holmes greets Watson, and gestures to a bottle of flies that he has trapped. He tells Watson that when he plays a certain pitch, the flies will fly in a counterclockwise direction. Watson sighs and asks him how long it took Holmes to catch the flies, and Holmes admits about six hours or so. Watson raises his eyebrows and goes "Really? What if I do this...?" and opens up the lid, letting all of the flies escape. Watson then tells Holmes to get up and get decent, as Lord Blackwood has requested to see him. Watson brings Holmes to the prison. On the carriage ride over, Holmes attempts to engage Watson in conversation, but Watson rebuffs him. Finally, Watson punches Holmes in the nose and tells Sherlock that he had already known about Mary's previous fiance. They bicker for a while, and finally arrive at the prison. Most of the guards are afraid of getting too close to Lord Blackwood, so Holmes tells them that he can find his way on his own. Blackwood greets him, and tells Holmes that he is not done killing just yet. He warns Holmes that there will be three deaths that will be unpreventable. He also tells Holmes that trying to stop him will be an extremely futile gesture. Holmes ignores him, and makes several remarks about Blackwood's upcoming hanging and makes offhand comments about how even though Blackwood was cunning, his devious plans were going to come into an end. Finally Holmes leaves without paying much thought to Blackwood's warnings. Blackwood is found guilty of murder, and then is hanged, and pronounced dead by Watson. A few days later, Holmes is dozing in his study. Irene Adler, cracking walnuts, wakes Holmes up. She's brought him food from her travels. It is obvious the two have met before. Holmes looks rather unnerved and begins hastily straightening up the place; including slamming a portrait of Irene that he has on his desk facedown. The two of them banter for a bit, and it's implied that the two have some kind of romantic chemistry there. Holmes wryly comments on her con artist talents, and Irene just shrugs it off. She tells him that she needs him for a case, and hands him an envelope with information and money. She then gets up to leave, but not before putting Holmes's portrait of her into an upright position again. Holmes strums at his violin as she leaves. Irene runs into Watson at the door, and greets him. Watson seems rather stunned, but doesn't say anything. We follow Irene down the street, until she gets into a carriage, where she meets with her shadowy employer. She tells him that she's sure Holmes will agree to take the case. Their conversation is interrupted by a street bum who suddenly runs into the side of the carriage. The carriage driver yells at the bum, who is scared away when the shadowy employer brandishes a wrist-mounted pistol. At Baker Street, Watson chastises Holmes for falling for Irene. Holmes denies this, but Watson continues to tease him about this. Watson has read the file: a missing red-headed dwarf named Luke Reordan, who can be identified by his absent front teeth. He makes some jokes about Irene's taste in men, and asks Holmes what he was doing. Holmes starts to explain. We cut back to Irene as she left Holmes's study, while Holmes pretends to strum at his violin. Once she closes the door, Holmes rushes over to the window just in time to see her walking down the street. He hurriedly comes up with a plan to follow her. Watson has just passed Irene at the door and has reached the midway landing when Holmes comes running downstairs in a hurry. Watson tries to ask Holmes what he is doing, but Holmes is obviously in a hurry, and he doesn't explain anything to Watson, and steals his coat. Holmes jumps out the window and crashes on top of the coal shed. Watson sighs and closes the window, ignoring Holmes. Holmes, covered in soot, manages to catch up to Irene in another alleyway. As he hides, two muggers accost Irene. However, she turns the tables on them, and at knifepoint steals the first man's wallet and a bouquet of flowers. He follows her through a circus, picking up small little items on the way to pick up a disguise, careful to avoid being seen. Leaving the circus, he deliberately runs into the side of the carriage, and is scared off by Irene's employer with the wrist pistol. Back in the present, Holmes finishes his story. As they're talking, a constable from Scotland Yard( William Houston ) comes in and tells them that Lord Blackwood has apparently risen from the grave. Holmes wants Watson to come with him, but Watson says he needs to visit with Mary. Holmes obviously wants Watson to come with him, so he berates Watson for not caring about his reputation, saying that no girl wants to marry a man who can't tell if a man is dead or not. Watson finally agrees to go. They're taken to the cemetery to meet with Lestrade, where the limestone outside of Blackwood's mausoleum has shattered. Holmes examines the scene and licks a piece of the stone and waits as Lestrade and his men bring the coffin out. Once they open the coffin, they find a completely different body. His missing front teeth identify him as Luke Reordan, the missing ginger midget Irene had asked Holmes about. Watson determines that Reordan has been dead for approximately twelve hours. Holmes takes Reordan's watch without anyone noticing, and then tells Lestrade he'll follow up. Holmes and Watson leave the cemetery. Later, Holmes discusses the initials scratched on the watch. Holmes tests Watson's deducing skills by having him explain a pair of scratch marks - which Watson correctly deduces as indicating that the owner was a drunk. Watson deduces that the initials on the watch, MG, are pawnbrokers' marks, and quite by coincidence, they see the shop that sold the watch, and they get an address. Outside the pawnbroker's place, Watson is approached by a gypsy woman who claims she knows about him and Mary. He tells the woman to tell him his fortune, and she tells him that marriage is a bad idea, as it'll consist of Mary growing fat and getting a beard, print wallpaper and lace doilies. Holmes solemnly echoes everything she says, and Watson realizes that Holmes has already paid off the gypsy to tell him a false fortune. He asks if Holmes has no shame, and then - just to spite Holmes - buys an engagement ring for Mary on the spot. After Watson purchases the ring and Holmes has obtained Reordan's address, Holmes makes to go in and examine the building. Watson tells him he can't follow, as he has a dinner planned with Mary's parents. Holmes looks disappointed but understanding, and goes in alone. Watson stands in the street for a minute before sighing to himself, and follows. Holmes is in the middle of picking the lock on Reordan's door when Watson just kicks the door in. As the two search the premises, they determine that Reordan sensed something was coming to get him. Holmes determines that Irene Adler has been by recently, as he smells her perfume. The room is in shambles, filled with medical equipment and experimented-on animals of various kinds, including dissected frogs and rats. Reordan also appears to have been working on some sort of attempt to combine sorcery and scientific formula together. Watson finds a partially burned piece of paper with Lord Blackwood's watermark - effectively linking Reordan to Blackwood - and Holmes snips the tail off of a experimented-on (and dead) rat. Holmes also observes a plate with some kind of melted substance and honeycombs, as well as some sort of gunpowder that burns with a pinkish hue when lit with a match. Holmes is right in the middle of saying that everything fits in with what he's been thinking, but there was one smell he couldn't identify - toffee. It is at this point that two of Blackwood's henchmen come in, one of them eating a caramel apple (the scent that Holmes was smelling), and Watson calls Holmes's attention to them. Holmes notes that they're carrying canisters of lighter fluid in their hands, and asks the men if they're here to burn down the building. They smile sinisterly and say yes, and then call out for their colleague - an extremely large man named Dredger( Robert Maillet ). Dredger, who only speaks subtitled French, asks if there is a problem. Holmes takes on Dredger while Watson takes on the two smaller thugs. As they fight, Holmes pauses to catch his breath, and ask for a moment, and Dredger shrugs and politely says it's not a problem. The fight comes to a head when Holmes discovers an electricity-powered rod - an early version of a taser - amongst Reordan's inventions. Holmes wields it at Dredger, and a slight touch throws Dredger backwards through a wall with the force of a shotgun blast. Dredger regains his footing, but another zap causes him to fly backwards and crush one of the thugs holding Watson hostage. Even though Holmes admits that he doesn't know how it works, he chases Dredger into the street. Holmes chases Dredger down to a London shipyard. There's a half-finished boat in the yard, and the men all look up in interest as Holmes threatens to zap Dredger. He asks the man who he works for, and Dredger responds, "You know who", before reaching over and crushing the rod. Now defenseless, Holmes can only run. The two men duke it out in the shipyard as Watson follows them in.Through some miscalculations on Watson's part, the moorings for the boat are released and the half-finished boat is prematurely launched into the Thames, where it sinks. Dredger flees the scene, and Watson - having dived to save Holmes from the moving boat - and Holmes are left looking at the sunken ship. Watson and Holmes are arrested and subsequently held in an outdoor pen. It looks like a drying out tank for minor criminals. Watson complains to Holmes that all he wanted to do was eat dinner with Mary's parents, and it becomes a full-on rant about Holmes's various bad habits. Holmes tries to deflect Watson, and their argument really seems like that of an old-married couple. Just as Watson's about to really get going, a police guard calls Watson's name and tells him Mary has posted his bail. Watson gets up and Holmes follows, but Holmes is told that bail has only been posted for Watson. As the gate slams behind Watson, one of the other criminals being held tells Holmes that he better get out soon, as the criminals are getting "hungry". The next day, a large group of people are surrounding something. The guards are worried it might be a riot, but it turns out to be Holmes sitting down with the criminal from earlier, cracking jokes. The crowd laughs uproariously, before a guard steps in to tell Holmes that his bail has been posted. When Holmes asks who posted the bail, the guard just says that Holmes has friends in high places. We see a rich-looking carriage in the distance, where a hand beckons to Holmes. He steps in, and is told he has to be blindfolded. When Holmes's blindfold is removed, he's inside a large mansion. Standing in front of him is Sir Thomas Rotheram ( James Fox ) and another associate. They apologize for blindfolding Holmes, saying they needed to protect their location. Holmes scoffs a little, and promptly gives a full turn-by-turn recap of the route they just took, simply based on observations using his other senses. He then notes the ring on Sir Thomas's finger, and concludes that he is in the headquarters of the Temple of the Four Orders in St. James's Square. It's at this point that the Home Secretary Lord Coward ( Hans Matheson ), and American Ambassador Standish steps into the room as well. Sir Thomas, Lord Coward, and Standish explain that Temple of the Four Orders is a secret society similar to The Illuminati and the Freemasons who practice magic for good. They tell Holmes that Lord Blackwood was once a member, but they're having trouble controlling him. They want the situation resolved, and are willing to put everything they have at Holmes's disposal. Lord Coward tells Holmes that as he is the Home Secretary, he has control of the police force. Sir Thomas tells Holmes that the key to Lord Blackwood's power is in a book of spells. He hands a book to Holmes who flips at it disinterestedly. Sir Thomas says he knows that Holmes doesn't believe in magic, but it's important. Holmes says he'll help, but not because he wants their resources. He's genuinely curious about the situation. He also reveals that Sir Thomas is Lord Blackwood's father, based on the fact that they have identical physical traits. Sir Thomas seems stunned, and says that very few people know of the relation. Sir Thomas conceived Lord Blackwood with one of the women used in their rituals, and Blackwood has been evil since his youth. Holmes says that given that everyone Blackwood is close to has been killed, Sir Thomas is probably Blackwood's next victim. The three men look at each other anxiously as Holmes leaves. Irene Adler finds Holmes trying to get into her hotel room, and hands him a bottle of wine saying, "Here's something you might be able to open". As she changes behind a screen and with her back to Holmes, Holmes confronts her about Reordan's death. It's clear that she's very troubled by this news, but she plays it off for Holmes. Holmes urges her to flee, and she invites him to come along. He says he can't, but tells her that she has to go or he's going to put her in protective custody. Holmes confronts Irene about the man in the carriage with the wrist-mounted pistol, and remarks that he must be a professor - as evidenced by a chalk mark on his collar. Irene seems completely non-plussed that Holmes has followed her. We understand that this is a game of chase for both of them, and will always be that way. Irene pours two glasses of wine and hands Holmes one. He gulps it down, and immediately begins to feel dizzy. He realizes then that the wine was drugged. Irene chidingly tells him that he shouldn't have refused to come along, and pulls him onto the bed. He passes out. Late at night, as Sir Thomas is bathing at his house, he hears a noise, looks around but dismisses it. Suddenly, the water starts bubbling, the lights go out, and Lord Blackwood appears. Sir Thomas tries to turn the water off, but his hand can't reach the faucet. Blackwood pushes his own father's hand into the water, then steals his ring. Blackwood stays until Sir Thomas drowns. The next morning, at Irene Adler's hotel room, a maid comes in and shrieks with shock at what she finds: Holmes has been handcuffed to the bed, and has a pillow covering his genitals. Irene has even left the "key to his release" under said pillow. We then cut to Holmes sitting in a carriage, retelling the story to Clarkie, the constable who had fetched him to Lord Blackwood's gravesite. Clarkie finds the whole thing extremely amusing, and says it's a good thing that the maid was offended enough to call the police, as it helped Homes out of the situation quicker. They pull up to Sir Thomas's mansion, and they begin their examination of the body/murder site. Holmes asks why the water's been drained, and the constable says it was out of respect. Holmes sits down and sort of laughs at Scotland Yard's incompetence. He tells them to look for a bath powder while he examines the scene. After the last constable leaves the room, Sherlock begins tapping on the walls, and finally finds a latch that allows him to open up a hidden door. Behind the door is a small space with magic tools/symbols/etc. Holmes rifles through the items and picks up two skulls and a book of spells, which he slips into his coat pocket. As the constables come back into the room, he asks them if they've found the powder. They say yes and he leaves. Ambassador Standish (William Hope), the ambassador to the United States, arrives at a nondescript building that night. Standish is greeted by Lord Coward and other members of the Order, who inform him that Sir Thomas is dead. Coward then tells him that they're voting on a new leader, and has already appointed Lord Blackwood. Standish seems stunned, but Coward says that this is the natural order of things. Blackwood (according to Coward) is powerful enough to make Britain regain its past glory, including winning back to the US. Blackwood appears, and says that the US is currently embroiled in post-Civil War turmoil and is ripe for the taking. He then sits down in the leader's chair. Standish says that he won't stand for this, and decides to shoot Blackwood instead. Blackwood suggests he not do so. Standish ignores it, and pulls the trigger, and instantly bursts into flames, which shocks the other members. Standish leaps out the window and falls to his death, while Coward urges the other members to drink to their new leader. The following day, Watson is packing up his medical studio. Holmes sticks his head in and asks if he can use Watson's study, now that it's no longer occupied. Watson seems a little hurt but agrees, and Holmes carries in a body. It's from one of the henchmen who attacked Holmes and Watson at Reordan's apartment, who apparently died after his neck was crushed by Dredger's weight. They examine the body, and try to figure out where the man was before his death. They determine that he was working out of a meat factory near the Thames, a lead Holmes wants to chase down immediately. Holmes tells Watson he doesn't have to come, but deliberately leaves his pistol on the table to get Watson to follow his lead. That night, Holmes and Watson travel with Tanner, a boat captain who knows London's waterways better than anyone else. Tanner and Holmes are laughing uproariously while Watson's struggling with manning the boat. Watson complains that they're not doing anything, but Holmes and Tanner just laugh at him. They dock the boat at the factory. Holmes and Watson go inside, and the setup is very similar to the redheaded dwarf's place. There's a lot of scientific equipment, and a biblical quotation that refers to the end. As Holmes and Watson stalk around, they notice a row of pigs hanging on a line, ready to be chopped into pieces. They're interrupted by Lord Blackwood's voice, who says that he warned Holmes all of this would happen. Holmes and Watson back up against the wall with their weapons brandished, but they can't figure out where the voice is coming from. Blackwood's face suddenly appears in a crack in the wall behind Holmes and Watson, and both men jump, turn around and shoot at the noise. However, Blackwood manages to get away, but not before 1) saying that "she" followed Holmes and Watson and 2) setting off flames. Indeed, he's kidnapped Irene Adler and tied her up to the pig line, surrounded by flames. Watson cautions Holmes that "this game is going to hurt". Holmes wraps himself in a blanket and races towards Irene. He throws the blanket around Irene, trying to protect her from the flames. At the same time, Watson begins fiddling with equipment to get the flames to stop. He manages to stop the flames, but the line is still headed towards the blades. Holmes sees a box of scraps, reaches up and throws the scraps in the gears of the line, trying to jam it. It works for a couple of seconds, but the scraps move and the line continues to move. Holmes tells Watson to prop Irene up, while he tries to figure out what to do. Watson races over, and Holmes grabs a saw and tries to hack away at the chains binding Irene to the line. It doesn't work. They're only seconds away from the animal-slicing saw now, and Holmes sees a steam pipe. He tells Watson to turn it on, and he effectively overloads the pipe and brings the line crashing down. Irene is saved from the saw, only seconds away from being chopped up. Once freed, she hugs Watson and Holmes, also leaning to kiss Holmes on the cheek. Watson goes after Lord Blackwood with Holmes following close behind. As Watson runs, he's too distracted by Blackwood's getaway boat fleeing the scene, and hits a trip wire. He turns around to see Holmes behind him, and yells at Holmes to stop. Unfortunately, the line has already been tripped, and a series of explosions rips through the building. Watson and Holmes are separated by blasts, so Holmes grabs Irene and tries to shield her to the best of ability. The explosions go on for some time, and Holmes finally blacks out. When Holmes finally comes to, the constable from earlier (the one that summoned him to Blackwood's grave and escorted him to Sir Thomas's murder scene) is shaking him. He tells Holmes that Lord Coward has utilized his powers and issued a warrant for Holmes's arrest. He also informs Holmes that Watson's doing okay, but Holmes must flee immediately. Holmes gets up and begins to run. We cut to Irene Adler dressed and about to board a train. She asks a conductor if the train is delayed, and he assures her it is not. She gets into her car, and we see the shadow figure from earlier sitting in a corner, reading a newspaper. He tells her that the train will leave when he wants it to; He also chides her saying that he hired her to manipulate Holmes's feelings for her, not to have her succumb to them. Irene gulps. Cut to a doctor leaning over Watson in a hospital ward. Watson's asleep, and we can see that he's severely injured. We see Mary approach the bed and ask the doctor how Watson's doing. The doctor hastily excuses himself, and Mary follows, asking if that's "the best he can do". We get a close-up and see that the doctor is actually Holmes in disguise. Holmes looks guilty and anguished, but Mary gently assures him - without ever acknowledging his identity - that Watson wouldn't have gotten involved if he didn't want to. He saw the whole thing as an adventure. She tells Holmes that everything's going to be okay, but he needs to fix it. Cut to Holmes sitting in the opium room at the Punch Bowl from earlier, thinking over the situation. He pulls out the bones he collected from Sir Thomas's, along with the spell book. Holmes decides that the only way to truly understand the situation is to understand the magic, and attempts to create one of the spells. His mind wanders in a daze, and he passes out. Cut to Holmes on the bed, waking up to Irene staring down at him. She greets him, and then we see that Watson is sitting in the room as well. Watson comes over to sit on the bed with him, and they have an awkward moment of not looking each other, grumbling that they're glad the other is okay. (It's very much another bromance moment.) Irene just studies them with amusement. Watson asks about Holmes's recreation of the magic (there're really detailed pentacles and animals drawn all over the floor), and Holmes explains that it allowed him to understand Lord Blackwood's next move. * He explains that based on the spell book, spell practitioners will always have a drawing of a pentacle and a cross in the pentacle. * He pulls out a map and says that using the Order's temple as a center point (the building where the US ambassador was killed), Blackwood's earlier five victims were all killed at the five points of the pentacle. * The following three victims (following Blackwood's resurrection) were killed at the points of the cross, and each death corresponded to an animal. (Each cross point has an animal). * There's only one cross point left, whose animal is a lion. It means that the next site is going to be the House of Parliament, as both the House of Commons and the House of Lords are meeting today. At this point, Sherlock's explanation is interrupted by the arrival of Lestrade and his men. Sherlock tells Irene and Watson to escape through a trap door, and hands Watson an envelope with a list of instructions. Holmes remains to face off with Lestrade. Lestrade takes Holmes in a carriage to the House of Parliament and delivers him to Lord Coward's office. Lestrade comes in, and apologizes for interrupting Lord Coward. Lestrade pulls open a coat and shows a pin with what appears to be the Order's symbol, and says that he has brought Holmes to Lord Coward to protect the order. Lestrade accuses Holmes of spreading rumors about the Order, while Holmes retorts that he now knows that being an Order member is how Lestrade managed to become an inspector at Scotland Yard. Lestrade excuses himself, and Lord Coward begins taunting Holmes. Holmes manages to close the flue on Lord Coward's fireplace, before inquiring about Lord Coward's plans for the Order. Coward (with his back to Holmes) admits that they only want true believers in the government, but tells Holmes he'll never figure out how Blackwood, Coward and the Order plan to take out the non-believers. Holmes scoffs and tells Coward that he's already figured it out. He's noticed that Coward's boots were stained with mud when he walked in, and Coward smells like the sewer. Undoubtedly, Blackwood has set his trap up in the sewers beneath Parliament. (We cut to a quick scene of Blackwood, Coward and followers anointing a site in the sewers.) Holmes also adds that he knows Coward was with Blackwood from the beginning: Coward's shoes are one of a kind, and Holmes noticed them when he broke up the ritual three months ago. Coward pulls out a weapon and turns around to shoot Holmes, but the closed flue has allowed the room to fill with smoke. He stalks around the room trying to sense Holmes out, but we see that Holmes is actually sitting behind him, smoking his pipe. Holmes tells him that they have a lot to get done, darts across the room, and leaps out the window. Once Holmes hits the water, he holds up a pipe and is promptly thrown a rope by Watson, who is waiting in the boat from earlier. Holmes gets on, and is wrapped in a blanket by Irene. They discuss what Holmes has figured out regarding the site being in the sewers. He also tells them that he had worked out with Lestrade on how to get into Lord Coward's in the first place. We cut to a flashback of Holmes telling Lestrade what to say/how to act on the carriage, including pretending to be a member of the order. Following this, Holmes directs them to an entrance for the sewers. Cut to both Houses of Parliament filing in. Coward's examining the scene with a knowing smile. Cut to Watson, Holmes and Irene in the sewers. They're greeted with a device loaded with poison that is set to be released into the vents surrounding the House. Several men are guarding it, and Watson hurriedly confers with Holmes on what to do, but they're interrupted by Irene whipping out a pistol and shooting at the men. Watson remarks that Holmes's muse "certainly likes to make an entrance". The three of them begin brawling with the guards, and they're only interrupted by the arrival of the French man from earlier. Irene attempts to shoot at the French man, but only upsets him. Holmes chides her, and tells her to figure out the device. Upstairs, Lord Coward announces the return of Lord Blackwood to the disdain and disgust of most of the room. Blackwood says that they need to join together, and believers will revive England, etc. Lots of head shaking and disdain follow. Back downstairs, Irene's having trouble disarming the device. She says that it's been designed in a way that any attempts to stop it will fail. Holmes and Irene agree that the device is somehow going to be triggered remotely. Watson continues fighting. Upstairs, Lord Blackwood says that all non-believers will perish. Members of the Order make to stand at the doors and link arms, to prevent everyone else from leaving. Downstairs, Holmes and Irene agree that the only way is to block the release of the device, pull out the canisters of poison in the device, and set off a remote explosion. Irene manages to pull the canisters out, and goes racing off into the sewers. Holmes helps Watson take out more guards, and then chases after Irene. Upstairs, Lord Blackwood sets off the device, but nothing happens. Coward looks confused, and Blackwood stalks off to the sewer to find out what's going on. Irene continues to race through the sewers, looking for a way out. Holmes follows behind. Blackwood notices a blur running past and follows as well. Irene finally reaches open air, only to discover that she's somehow ended up on the scaffolding for a partially completed Tower Bridge. Holmes appears behind her, declares that he wasn't going to chase her anymore, and tells her to leave. Irene looks exhausted, and says that she'll tell Holmes everything. He replies, "I wish you would". But before she can speak, she's interrupted by Blackwood, who pushes Irene off the scaffolding. She hits another scaffolding piece below, and is knocked out. Holmes and Blackwood face off, and Holmes tells him that he figured out that all of Blackwood's "magic" is just well plotted scientific tricks. * Lord Blackwood didn't resurrect from the dead - he had a clip on his noose that shifted the weight to his waist. * The limestone outside of Lord Blackwood's grave wasn't shattered by supernatural force. Instead, it was shattered beforehand, and glued together by the honeycomb substance Holmes and Watson saw while going through Luke Reordan's lab. (This explains a scene where Holmes is licking the limestone at the cemetery.) * The Ambassador wasn't killed by supernatural force. Instead, the rain showering him was a gas that triggered from rigged gunpowder fuel when the ambassador pulled the trigger. * Sir Thomas's bath powder, when mixed with the metal content from Thomas's ring, caused the water to boil. * The reason the Order members wouldn't have been poisoned is because Blackwood had them drink the antidote to the poison after the ambassador was killed. The antidote was disguised as holy water. Blackwood congratulates him on figuring it out, and Holmes mentions that he can't wait to see Blackwood in jail. Blackwood reaches for a weapon to kill Holmes, but accidentally trips off a scaffolding and falls to his death. His body is left hanging off of Tower Bridge, which is supposed to be ironic, considering the plans for the original execution. Holmes goes down to where Irene is, and waits for her to wake up. She tells him that her original employer is a man named Professor Moriarty, a man who is dangerous and just as smart as Holmes. She warns him that Moriarty is a very dangerous foe, but Holmes laughs it off. He then puts handcuffs on her and drops a key down her shirt, a call back to the hotel scene. He kisses her on the head, and then leaves her on the scaffolding. Cut to Watson walking down the street with Mary, and Mary asking if Holmes has really reconciled himself to Watson moving out. Watson says he has, and gestures to the replacement ring Holmes bought for her - a huge diamond. They go inside, and Mary seems taken aback to see Holmes hanging from the rafters. Watson is non-plussed though, and says that Holmes is too arrogant to kill himself. He pokes at Holmes, and Holmes awakens. Holmes explains that he was testing out how Blackwood prevented his death at the first hanging attempt - the clip distributing the weight to the waist. He asks Watson to cut him down; Watson refuses. Only after Holmes has explained everything Watson finally cuts Holmes down from the rafters. Mary notices that the dog is unconscious again, and Holmes says the dog will be fine in a minute. It's at this moment that Holmes learns that a piece is missing from the machine Blackwood attempted to use against the House. He figures out that Moriarty took a piece while Holmes was busy chasing after Irene. Holmes figures out that Moriarty may be a more dangerous foe than he originally thought. Watson and Mary leave to go to their new home, and Holmes is left alone to muse over the new case that has been brought before him. 