nm0002391:

 Into the Blue (2005)761) A group of divers find themselves in deep trouble with a drug lord after they come upon the illicit cargo of a sunken airplane. Down on his luck and perpetually impecunious, the experienced deep-sea diver, Jared, and his theme-park guide girlfriend, Sam, lead an idyllic and simple life in the sun-drenched Bahamas. Dreaming of striking gold, the couple along with Jared's solicitor friend, Bryce, and his new lover, Amanda, set sails for the vast ocean on a rickety boat, to claim ownership of a sunken pirate treasure of inestimable value lying next to a wrecked fuselage crammed with watertight cocaine bricks. Before long, the temptation to get their hands on easy money will lead to a dangerous head-on collision with the murderous local drug lords, as the team gets sucked deeper and deeper into an unexpected adventure amid the blue and shark-infested Bahamian waters. But, will the sea give away its riches so easily? Nick Riganas New York defense attorney Bryce Dunn brings his latest pickup Amanda Collins along on holiday at the Bahaman villa he received as payment for winning a drug cartel trial, visiting his buddy Jared Cole, a would be-treasurer salvager who owns a crappy boat without proper gear and just lost his menial shark tour guide job, but not steady girl Sam Nicholson. As after every hurricane, Jared hopes for a new wreck lead and takes his mates along diving at a promising site. They find both a lead to the Zephyr, a Civil War pirate's richest prize, and a recently crashed Colombian cocaine airplane, with its illicit cargo. Jared stubbornly refuses to collaborate with an fears the claim beings snatched away by his former employer, well-equipped treasure hunter Derek Bates, but Bryce and Sam prefer to sell 'just enough' of the coke to dealer Reyes, only to learn his cartel lost the plane and demands it all back, or will kill all their loved ones. It gets worse with a shark accident and Reyes's impatient boss. KGF Vissers Sam and Jared are a young couple in the Bahamas, divers and aspiring treasure hunters. While the arrogant salvager Bates has loads of expensive equipment, Jared gets by with a small, battered boat. Jared and Sam find a historic wreck, but nearby is a wrecked airplane with a large quantity of cocaine. Jared and Sam want the treasure; their diving partners also want the drugs. Dangerous criminals realize the plane and cocaine are submerged somewhere in the area. When the bad guys learn that the couple has located the drugs, Jared and Sam find themselves in mortal peril. Ken Miller <wkmiller704@yahoo.com> In Caribbean Sea, the diver Jared and his girlfriend Sam have a simple life, aiming at finding a treasure, but without money to buy the necessary ship and equipment. When Jared's friend, the egocentric and selfish young lawyer Bryce, and his new girlfriend Amanda arrive in the island to spend a couple of days with them, they dive together and accidentally find a wrecked airplane loaded with cocaine, and evidences of a sunken boat with a treasure. Afraid of losing the treasure for the arrogant hunter Bates, Bryce tries to convince Jared and Sam to negotiate a small part of the drug to raise the necessary money for the expedition, but the correct couple does not accept the proposal. Bryce and Amanda decide to deal themselves with a drug lord, jeopardizing the life and integrity of Jared and Sam. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Jared Cole and his girlfriend Sam Nicholson are a young couple living in the Caribbean. Jared is an unemployed diver whose dream is to find treasure in the Caribbean Sea and Sam works at a local resort as a shark handler. When Jared's best friend Bryce Dunn, a selfish New York lawyer and his new girlfriend Amanda Collins arrive, the two couples spend a couple of days experiencing paradise. But, they discover an airplane on the sea floor that crashed during a hurricane and they find the cargo on-board the airplane is cocaine. Jared and Sam's lives are in danger, when Bryce and Amanda make a deal with a dangerous drug lord who wants the cocaine. Jared's rival, Treasure Hunter Derek Bates learns what they are doing and tries to negotiate the cocaine to raise money for a expedition where he intends to find a sunken boat with treasure. Jared, Sam, Bryce, and Amanda find themselves racing against time to find the shipwreck before somebody else does. Daniel Williamson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jared (Paul Walker) and Sam (Jessica Alba) are two lovers living a rustic life in a trailer, next to the beach in the Bahamas. Sam works as a guide in the local aquatic theme park, "Atlantis", and Jared has worked a number of odd jobs in his field of passion, diving. His real dream, though, is finding one of many merchant and pirate ships lost in the waters around the Bahamas, many of them with large amounts of gold on board. Jared's friend Bryce (Scott Caan) and his girlfriend Amanda (Ashley Scott) come to visit, as Bryce, a lawyer in New York City, has acquired the use of a luxury vacation house from a client he defended. While snorkeling, Jared comes across artifacts that seem to stem from a ship wreck. The four of them investigate and find several other pieces that turn out to be the remains of a legendary French pirate ship, the Zephyr, lost as the pirate made his getaway. This legendary shipwreck is rumored to contain millions of dollars in gold. The foursome, thinking their dreams of discovering buried treasure have finally come true, decide to investigate. While exploring it to try and stake their claim, they come across the remains of a crashed plane carrying a large quantity of cocaine. Bryce and Amanda are advocates of keeping the cocaine to sell it for profit, while Jared and Sam oppose it. To avoid attracting attention to the location of their treasure find, Bryce and Amanda agree not to report the crashed plane and its illegal cargo until they have secured their claim on the sunken ship. Jared and Bryce go to a local boat supplier in order to make a deal for the equipment needed to retrieve the treasure, with Bryce funding the purchase. However, Jared soon finds out that Bryce, during a trip to Las Vegas about a month ago, borrowed money from a loan shark and is in heavy debt and therefore is in no position to pay for anything. Without Jared's knowledge, Bryce and Amanda come up with a plan to retrieve some of the cocaine from the sunken plane and sell it to local night club owner Primo (Tyson Beckford). Unfortunately, Primo turns out to be an associate of the drug lord Reyes (James Frain) to whom the cocaine belonged in the first place. Reyes, wanting his cocaine back, threatens Jared, Amanda and Bryce at gunpoint to bring him his cocaine or die. Faced with this choice, Jared agrees to retrieve the cocaine. However, he tells Reyes that he will need $30,000 worth of non-refundable diving equipment to do so. Instead, he uses the situation to get to the gear he needs to salvage the Zephyr. Back on land, the trio breaks the bad news to Sam. Sam is heartbroken that Jared would violate his principles and work for drug lords. He tries to convince her that it's okay and that it's a one-time thing, but Sam leaves him, saying that 'they' are over. Jared, Bryce, and Amanda head to sea. They start the night's work by uncovering the site of the Zephyr, finding the ship's bell with the name on it. For Jared, the victory feels hollow, though. As they are moving the cocaine packs from the plane to their surface boat, Amanda is attacked by a large tiger shark. She is brought to the hospital where she dies due to a huge bite out of her left leg. Hearing of the tragedy, Sam comes to the hospital and she and Jared are reunited. While driving back from the hospital, the threesome (Jared, Sam, and Bryce) are confronted by Primo at an intersection. A short, but intense car chase ends up with Jared leaving their truck and telling Bryce and Sam to meet him later. He surrenders to Primo and tries to get them to back off by offering them and their boss the loot on the Zephyr. Primo still takes him to Reyes' boat. The boat looks deserted, so Primo tells Jared to lie down on the floor of the state room while he investigates. After some time, when Primo doesn't return, Jared goes to explore. He finds Primo, Reyes and several others shot dead in one the bedrooms. Out from the toilet comes Bates (Josh Brolin), a local salvager and former employer of Jared's. He asks Jared where "his cocaine" is and Jared bolts. He escapes from the boat and heads for shore. Meanwhile, Sam insists on going to the police, and goes to the private home of one of their friends, a local cop named Roy (Dwayne Adway). Bryce drops her off, but thinking they'll get busted, heads off to meet Jared. Roy comforts Sam and tells her he knows a guy who can help, but that it has to be kept outside of the official channels, as he's not sure who he can trust. Roy betrays Sam and takes her to Bates, who captures her. Jared and Bryce meet up and Jared calls the captive Sam, who is handcuffed and gagged with duct tape. Bates answers her cell phone and tells Jared to disclose the location of the cocaine. Jared insists that they meet and Jared show him to the location. Bryce and Jared then make a plan to settle the situation once and for all. Jared is taken aboard Bates' boat, the Sea Robin. Here he is shown Sam, who is in the engine room, handcuffed to the body of Roy and gagged with duct tape, who was shot by Bates. The Sea Robin heads for the location where Jared directs them, but as they approach the area, they see a white substance floating on the surface. Jared tells Bates that it's half of the cocaine, ruined, and that Jared will destroy the rest. He jumps into the water, and Bates and his men, after changing into Scuba gear, go after him. Below the surface, in the plane, the divers look for Jared. Bryce has switched places with one of the dead pilots, and they use this to mount a surprise attack. An underwater struggle follows, killing all of Bates' men and wounding Bryce. Meanwhile, Sam finds a forgotten machete in the engine room and uses it to free herself from Roy's body by cutting off his arm. She then severs a pipe, which brings one of Bates' men down into the engine room, where she locks him in. They then goes up to the bridge to call for help. The man escapes from the engine room; a chase around the boat ends in a fight that Sam ultimately wins as they go into the water and the man, wounded by Sam with a boat hook, is attacked by another tiger shark. Below, Jared and Bates are the only ones left. Jared uses an air tank as a missile by hammering off the valve. Bates escapes it, but as it hits the fuel tank at the back of the plane, it causes the entire plane to explode, killing Bates. Sam jumps into the water, fearing for Jared's life, but he survives. Six weeks later. The trio is salvaging the Zephyr. After trying to bring an old cannon atop fails and the cannon sinks back down to the bottom, Sam and Jared call it a night. However, Bryce sees something in the water, uncovered as the cannon hit the wood of the wreck's deck. He jumps in and dives down. As he comes back up he announces that he found the gold of the Zephyr. 
 Bad As I Wanna Be: The Dennis Rodman Story (1998 TV Movie)Summaries Biography of Chicago Bulls' basketball star Dennis Rodman , who is well known for his off-court and on-court shenanigans takes great effort to paint the calm, decent side of the athlete despite the film title. Dennis is shown to be pushed by his momma to play pro ball and to go to college where he would get the opportunity. Shipped to Oklahoma where he faces racism, he is taken in by a white family and coached by Lonn Reisman. The movie finally tracks Rodman into his wild, multi-haired current lifestyle. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 First Daughter (2004)Summaries The daughter of the U.S. President heads off to college where she falls for a graduate student with a secret. Samantha Mackenzie loves and supports her parents, US President John Mackenzie and First Lady Melanie Mackenzie, and enjoys the privileges that she has received being the only daughter of the President, but sometimes she wants to be what she considers "normal" which means not having her life scrutinized by the world 24/7. She made the decision to go away to college in California at Redmond University in large part to get away from life at the White House and hopefully assert some independence, this first stint at college coinciding with President Mackenzie's reelection bid for a second term in the White House. As such, he knows that his opponents will exploit whatever they can, including placing even more scrutiny on the family, and having even more threats than usual against them meaning his want for more security. So Sam's college experience is less than normal, being followed by a very visible team of Secret Service agents, who are trained to notice the smallest things that may be of threat to her. This highly visible team makes it difficult for Sam to make friends, with her eventual dorm roommate, Mia Thompson, an initially reluctant one. As Sam negotiates with her parents for more freedom than she is allowed, she gets a mostly cooperative accomplice in Mia in exerting that freedom regardless of her parents. Sam ends up finding another simpatico classmate in the form of James Lansome, who she eventually learns is also her resident advisor. In James helping her find those moments of independence, she falls for him and he with her. James, however, is keeping his own secrets which may further negatively affect Sam's view of her life, of her college experience and of James himself if she were to discover those secrets, which is more and more likely the closer the election date. Huggo The daughter of the President of the United States goes off to college after insisting that she be able to enjoy her school years without the omnipresence of the Secret Service. The government agrees to her demands but assigns a young agent to go undercover as a student in order to keep an eye on her. The first daughter and the agent fall in love, until she learns his true identity. Sujit R. Varma It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Friendship! (2010)Summaries A young man from East Germany travels to San Francisco to search for his father, who fled 12 years ago. 1989: while all of Germany is celebrating the German Reunification, Veit and Tom set off for America with nothing more than a 100 Deutsch Marks "welcoming money" in their pocket. They are trying to find Veit's Dad who fled long before the fall of the Berlin Wall. Two "Ossis" (East Berliners) on an odyssey through the Land of Freedom and Capitalism, from New York to San Francisco. Wiedemann & Berg Film It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 