nm0009614:

 Venganza (1958)Summaries Simon sets out to avenge his bride's death at the hands of the bandit Martinico and by accident, he captures Martinico's bride-to-be Belen and uses her to find Martinico. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ang daigdig ng mga api (1965)Summaries This is the story of millions of Filipinos for them to live a life of penury. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El filibusterismo (1962)Summaries Juan Crisostomo Ibarra has changed his name and identity to a rich jeweler named Simoun. In disguise, he travels the world amassing wealth, which he intends to use to topple the corrupt and abusive regime in his native land. But Simoun's real motive is personal. He wants to rescue his beloved, Maria Clara, from the convent and avenge the death of his father. In a forest on Christmas Eve, Basilio, a medical student recognizes Simoun's true identity as the man who helped bury his mother Sisa more than ten years before, under a tree. Simoun is in the forest to retrieve the gems he buried near Sisa's grave. As the film progresses, all the secrets and intrigues are revealed, and the plotters' plan fails. A good Filipino priest throws Simoun's jewels away, thereby eliminating the greed, violence and other evils they might have provoked. Ati atihan - Mother of All Philippine Festivals It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Walang sugat (1957)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 