nm0000106:

 Never Been Kissed (1999)651) A newspaper reporter enrolls in high school as part of research for a story. Chicago Sun Times copy editor Josie Gellar (25), who was desperate to graduate from perfectionist copy editor to reporter, gets her chance when the goody owner orders the editor to cover the high-school scene by undercover. Josie, who was a frustrated, ridiculed nerd, gets a popular make-over from her drop-out, naturally funny brother Rob Geller. Both siblings find love and joys of youth again. But in Josie's case, it's sensitive bachelor teacher Sam Coulson, who enjoys sophisticated conversation. As the publication deadline approaches, the price of blowing their cover seems ever more daunting, yet inevitable unless she sacrifices her career. KGF Vissers Josie Geller, at 25 the youngest Chicago Sun-Times copy editor, really is good at her job, which requires brain more than writing skills. The owner of the paper now wants her and no other to report undercover about today's high schools. Josie enrolls and quickly falls back into her own school habits: She was then known as Josie Grossie, she did not make any friends, she even was humiliated. Now, with a good job in her life and with her experiences from a life after school, she tries to fit in as well as possible. Having to seek friendship with some pretty but not very bright girls instead of with the people who really interest her gets really hard for Josie, but her job is at stake, if there is no gripping cover story soon. Falling for a teacher whom she is ordered to shred to pieces in her article, Josie is confronted with her greatest conflict - but also with the chance to undo mistakes she did in her own school days. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Josie Gellar, is a brainy yet plain copy editor for the Chicago Sun Times. She desperately wants to be a reporter and one day her wish comes true. She is sent undercover to her old high school to find out about what teenagers are like. Though she accepts Josie has some painful memories, when she was in high school she was a geek with braces who was called Josie Grossie. She was humiliated on her prom night by the guy she had a crush on. Josie sees her assignment as an opportunity to redo everything and correct the mistakes she made in high school. She gets a make over, and with the help of her brother who was popular in high school, becomes friends with the pretty but pea brained, popular girls. However Josie's life hits rock bottom when she is told to do her story on her English teacher, who she has fallen for. She now has to decide whether to be true to her dream of being a reporter or true to her heart. x_baby angel A copy editor in her early 20s gets her chance to become a reporter at a Chicago daily. She's sent to do a feature on what cool high schoolers are doing. To really find out, she goes undercover as a student. Back at school, she gets to repair her own scarred teen psyche, as she was a total geek in her first go-around. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Josie Geller (Drew Barrymore) is a highly intelligent, if pedantic and lonely, copy-editor for the Chicago Sun-Times. Josie desperately wants to be a reporter, and constantly sends story ideas to her boss, Gus (John C. Reilly), who appreciates her eagerness but does not believe she is up to the challenge of being a reporter. Josie is disillusioned with her life and avoids other people, which puzzles her promiscuous co-worker Anita (Molly Shannon). One day during a staff meeting, the tyrannical editor-in-chief, Rigfort (Garry Marshall) assigns her to report undercover at a high school to help parents become more aware of their children's lives. Josie is overjoyed, but Anita and Gus think its a bad idea, and that she will get fired. But she asserts herself and hurries to tell her younger brother, Rob (David Arquette), a former high school baseball champion who works at a postage and packaging store named the Tiki Post and is similarly disillusioned with life. Rob thinks it is a terrible idea for Josie to go undercover as a student, and reminds her of her own awful high school career, where she was a misfit treated with contempt and cruelty by her peers, and was labelled "Josie Grossie". A nickname which continues to haunt her, along with her misery at being treated so brutally. Josie has never had a romance due to her insecurities. She is unnerved, but is determined to undergo the assignment. Her first day at South Glen South High School is miserable. Josie reverts back to the old geeky persona that ruined her first high school career. She is late to class and is forced to wear a sombrero as punishment by her eccentric, menopausal teacher. She also has an unfortunate run in with Gibby, Kirsten and Kristen, three mean, popular girls, and Guy Perkins (Jeremy Jordan), the most attractive, popular student at South Glen South. Upon discovering that Guy and his friends have hidden her car, Josie becomes exasperated but is warmed when a kind-hearted, intelligent girl named Aldys (Leelee Sobieski) befriends her. Aldys dislikes Guy Perkins and his gang, referring to them as "lemmings", and they in turn view her as an uncool geek. Aldys sugguests that Josie should join The Denominators, a group of intelligent students. Josie does but fails to get her story. Josie becomes enamoured with her young English teacher Sam Coulson(Michael Vartan), who is a fan of Shakespeare, as is Josie, and she becomes the top student in his class. After reciting a romantic excerpt from Shakespeare to Sam, Josie has horrible flashbacks to where she read a romantic poem aloud in class to her high school crush, a popular boy named Billy Prince, much to his amusement. Later on in the library, her friend Sheila delivers the news that Billy Prince wants to take Josie to the senior prom, making her dream come true. One night whilst out driving with Aldys, Josie encounters Guy Perkins and his gang at a local hangout called "The Court" where promiscuity and underage drinking takes place. Guy is nasty to Josie and Aldys, who claims that nothing exciting happens in Guy's court, but Josie knows form experience that Aldys secretly longs to be popular. Gus loses patience with Josie after a rival paper exposes the truth on The Court, and orders to Josie to become friends with the popular kids. He arranges for her to wear a hidden camera that will report back information to Gus, and soon the whole office become obsessed with Josie's story. Anita, after hearing Josie's recital of Shakespeare, grows unhappy with her promiscuous lifestyle and develops an attraction towards Gus, and he reciprocates. Josie goes home she confides in Rob about fears. She tearfully tells him that South Glen South is simply a repetition of her old high school days and all she wants is to be accepted and not abused. Rob - who was the most popular guy in school in his youth - insists that if Josie can get one cool person to like her, then no one will dare question her. He urges her to let go of her old self and start anew. Determined, Josie goes to school the next day and overhears Guy telling his group about a cool band that are playing in a bar that night. Josie follows and meets Sam and his uptight girlfriend Lara. However she is tricked into eating a hash brownie and makes a fool of herself onstage by dancing wildly in front of Guy, the girls and Sam. The next day Josie sleeps in for school. As her hand was stamped "delloser" the night before at the club, the ink prints the word "loser" on her forehead, unknown to her. She merrily goes to school and is horrified to find everyone mocking her. She runs to the bathroom, sees the mark on her face and vomits in the toilet. She breaks down in tears and remembers the night of her prom. She was overjoyed at the thought of Billy Prince taking her to the prom and waits outside for him in her prom gown. But when Billy arrives in his limo, he has another girl with him and the both of them hurl eggs and insults at Josie, who collapses in tears. As she runs through the school hall, she encounters Rob who has enrolled as a new student and schemes to help her be popular. He becomes an instant hit with Guy Perkins and the other trendy kids, and spreads incredible stories about Josie, convincing the others that she is not a loser. Much to the anger of Aldys, Josie becomes popular and hangs out with the cool crowd. Sam and Josie grow closer but Sam struggles with his feelings as he thinks that she is a student and therefore off limits. Josie begins dating Guy and she recommends that the theme for the senior prom should be "Meant for Each Other", famous couples from around the world. This idea is met with approval and Guy and Josie attend the prom as Rosalind and Orlando from Shakespeare's As You Like It. Anita, Gus and Josie's various other co-workers watch through the camera and are overjoyed as she is voted prom queen. As Guy dances with Aldys, as an alleged act of friendship, Josie dances with Sam and watches, horrified, as Gibby, Kirsten and Kristen nearly pour dog food over Aldys as revenge for her insulting them. Josie knocks the can away from Aldys and spills dog food over the three girls, who turn on her and denounce her as a loser. Infuriated, Josie throws her crown away and reveals her true age and occupation, and that she is disgusted by them. She angrily states how shallow the popular girls are, and praises Aldys for her kindness. Josie warns the students that who you were in high school means nothing outside in the real world and urges them to be themselves. She flees and leaves the students appalled. Sam is hurt by her lies and states he wants nothing to do with her. Josie vows to give Gus a story and write her story of her own high school career. She admits she has never been kissed, and also mentions the students of South Glen South, kindly remarking on Guy's confidance, Gibby, Kirsten and Kristen's beauty, and Aldys's intelligence, and her love for Sam. The entire city is moved by her story and the pain she suffered in her teens. She says she will stand in the middle of the baseball field and wait for Sam to come and kiss her, if he really loves her. Josie waits but Sam has not heard as he is moving to New York. She waits with encouragement from Anita, Aldys, Gus, Guy and the girls. However just when her five minutes on the clock runs out, Sam appears, apologizes for being late and kisses her. 
 50 First Dates (2004)541) Henry Roth is a man afraid of commitment until he meets the beautiful Lucy. They hit it off and Henry think he's finally found the girl of his dreams until discovering she has short-term memory loss and forgets him the next day. Henry Roth lives in a Hawaiian paradise with the company of endless women with no strings attached. This is until he meets Lucy Whitmore. Both Henry and Lucy enjoy the company of each other and feel the start of a serious relationship occurring. Approaching Lucy the next day, Henry is confused when Lucy fails to recognize him. This is the moment Henry discovers that Lucy actually suffers from short term memory loss and can't remember each individual day. Henry won't let this stop him and is prepared to make her fall in love with him all over again, each and every day. FilmFanUk Imagine having to win over the girl of your dreams...every single day. That's the dilemma that playboy Honolulu veterinarian Henry Roth faces when after a multitude of one-night stands, he decides to settle down after a chance meeting with local artist Lucy Whitmore. Unfortunately for him, Lucy has short-term memory loss stemming from a car accident that happened a year earlier on her father Marlin's birthday; consequently, she can't remember anything that happened the day before, so each day, Henry must attempt to win her heart again. Additionally, Lucy's friends and family, including her older brother Doug, are very protective, so Henry must do everything possible to convince them that he's doing it for all the right reasons. asbwtw Henry Roth is a veterinarian living in Hawaii who enjoys the company of vacationing women. He leaves the playboy life behind after he falls for Lucy, who suffers from short-term memory loss. Since she can never remember meeting him, Henry has to romance Lucy every single day and hope that she falls for him. IMDb Editors Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Henry Roth (Adam Sandler) is a wildlife veterinarian in Hawaii, who meets Lucy Whitmore (Drew Barrymore) a woman who has a short-term memory loss from an auto accident a year earlier. Henry is a ladies man on the island who has been breaking the hearts of female tourists for years. Henry meets Lucy at a local cafe and takes her out on a date. Henry falls in love with Lucy, but there is one problem when she awakens in the morning, she can't remember him or anything that happened that day. Henry must devise a plan to meet Lucy everyday and try to get her to fall in love with him again and again. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Ever After: A Cinderella Story (1998)761) The Brothers Grimm arrive at the home of a wealthy Grande Dame who speaks of the many legends surrounding the fable of the cinder girl before telling the "true" story of her ancestor. Andy Tennant directed this Cinderella variant. The Brothers Grimm arrive at the home of a wealthy Grande Dame (Jeanne Moreau) who speaks of the many legends surrounding the fable of the cinder girl before telling the "true" story of her ancestor. In flashback, the story then focuses on eight-year-old Danielle, daughter of a wealthy widower, a 16th-century landowner. After returning to France with his new wife Rodmilla (Anjelica Huston) and her two daughters, he dies of a heart attack. Ten years later, Danielle (Drew Barrymore) is now treated as a servant by the trio. Fortunately, she has an encounter with Prince Henry (Dougray Scott), who is fleeing an arranged marriage. Later, when Danielle poses as a Lady, the Prince takes an interest in her. Inventor-artist Leonardo Da Vinci (Patrick Godfrey), accepting the French court's patronage, offers advice to Prince Henry on matters of the heart. With the sudden death of her loving father, Danielle is made a servant by her new stepmother. She also has two new stepsisters, one quite kind but the other one really horrid. Still, Danielle grows up to be a happy and strong-willed young lady, and one day her path crosses that of handsome Prince Henry, who has troubles of his own at home. Luckily the nice Leonardo da Vinci is on hand to help all round. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Our heroine Cinderella does have a wicked stepmother and stepsisters, but in no way is she in need of rescuing. Contrary to other adaptations of Cinderella, Danielle rescues herself from her horrible family and the prince from gypsies. With help from her fairy godmother Leonardo da Vinci, Danielle overcomes hardship, marries prince charming, and lives happily ever after. Alison A Danielle, sole daughter of a deceased French nobleman, is raised - more as a servant than as a stepdaughter - by cruel and snobbish Rodmilla together with her own two daughters Marguerite and Jacqueline. One day, she accidentally meets Prince Henry, the future king of France. A little later Danielle has to pretend to be a noble person and meets the prince again. This time, his interest in the young lady grows. But the day of the prince's marriage draws closer and closer without an official bride at hand. Actually, her stepsister Marguerite seems to have the best odds to win the race. But they all underestimated the power of true love, especially when a genius is at hand... Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> If Cinderella was a true story, it would be very much like Ever After. Danielle D'Barbarac, is the strong, fiery daughter of a dead nobleman. She works as a servant to her stepmother, the Baroness D'Gent. One day Danielle pretends to be a courtier to help a servant escape from being taken to the Americas. She captures the eye of the most unlikely person, the crowned prince of France! The two fall in love, but they are up against the ruthless Baroness D'Gent, and her spoiled daughter, Marguerite who are determined to see that Margurite becomes Henry's bride. However with the servants, Danielle's kind stepsister, Jacqueline, and Leonardo Da Vinci on Danielle's side, Danielle and Prince Henry's love can survive even though he is a prince and she is a servant girl. x_baby angel Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Queen of France summons the Grimm Brothers and, producing a pair of glass slippers as proof, she tells them the real story of Cinderella. Danielle de Barbarac is 8 years old when her father, Auguste de Barbarac (Jeroen Krabb), a wealthy 16th century french landowner, brings home his new wife, Baroness Rodmilla de Ghent (Anjelica Huston) and her two daughters Marguerite and Jacqueline. Shortly after, he dies of a heart attack, leaving Danielle in the care of her stepmother. Ten years later, Danielle (Drew Barrymore) is treated as a servant in her own house. Jacqueline (Melanie Lynskey), the younger of the Baroness's daughters, shows her a little kindness and sympathy, but her mother and sister treat her only with contempt. Danielle accidently meets the prince of France, Henry (Dougray Scott) when he steals a horse from their manor, while fleeing from the castle, pursued by the royal guard, in order to escape an arranged marriage and his parents restrictions. After throwing apples at him, and calling him a thief, she recognises him and begs for mercy. Taken aback, he agrees to be lenient, and gives her coins for her silence. While fleeing on horseback, the Prince comes across some gypsies robbing a travelling old man. At the man's request, he reluctantly chases one to reclaim a painting. On returning it, the old man is discovered to be Leonardo da Vinci (Patrick Godfrey), on his way to the royal court as artist in residence, and the painting the Mona Lisa. In returning the painting, Henry gives himself up to the Royal Guard. He returns the horse to the Manor, where he is greeted by the Baroness who introduces him to her daughters, particularly to Marguerite (Megan Dodds), whom she hopes he will marry. Danielle uses the money to pose as a courtier and to buy back an old servant, Maurice (Walter Sparrow), whom the Baroness had sold to pay her taxes. While doing this, she meets Prince Henry again, this time dressed as a Lady, and delivers a spirited defence on behalf of the servants. Henry is enchanted by not only her beauty but by her intelligence and spirit. She eventually gives a name - Nicole de Lancret, her mother's name, and adds the title of Comtesse. She slips away from him and returns home with Maurice. Meanwhile King Francis (Timothy West) strikes a deal with Henry: a ball will be held in five days time, and, at the stroke of midnight, either Henry must announce his engagement to the girl of his choice, or his father will announce his engagement to Gabriella, the spanish princess. The invitation arrives at the Manor, carried by a royal page (Toby Jones). The Baroness strikes a deal with the page, to find out the latest information about the Prince and his marriage prospects. While preparing for the ball, Marguerite tries on a dress which belonged to Danielle's mother, and is now a part of her dowry. Danielle discovers them, and to cover up what they were doing, the Baroness gives permission for her to attend the ball. Jacqueline is caught between them, knowing their falsehood, and walks out in disgust. Danielle goes for a swim, but bumps into Da Vinci, who is trying to walk on the water, and once more meets the Prince, who is delighted to see her. She continues the pretence of being a Comtesse, but has to leave when she hears Jacqueline calling her. Later at dinner, it is revealed that several items have gone missing from the Manor, and the Baroness reduces the servants' wages until they are returned. Jacqueline tells the news that the Prince asked the King to release all the servants being sent to the Americas, and that all those sent there must now be compensated. Marguerite attends a tennis match between Prince Henry and the Marquis de Limoges, and catches the ball. While in town, Danielle is accosted by Pierre le Pieu (Richard O'Brien), a lascivious, middle-aged man, who threatens to withdraw his support. After he is gone, the Prince and Marguerite walk past Danielle's stall, but Danielle avoids him by throwing a chicken at him. 
 Charlie's Angels (2000)55) Three women, detectives with a mysterious boss, retrieve stolen voice-ID software, using martial arts, tech skills, and sex appeal. The captivating crime-fighting trio who are the masters of disguise, espionage, and martial arts. When a devious mastermind embroils them in a plot to destroy individual privacy, the Angels, aided by their loyal sidekick Bosley (Bill Murray), set out to bring down the bad guys. But when a terrible secret is revealed, it makes the Angels targets for assassination. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Based on the popular Charlie's Angels (1976), three cute chicks work for the mysterious Charles "Charlie" Townsend (John Forsythe). They are the female 'James Bonds'' of our time. They get to blow stuff up, kick the crap out of people, and wear really tight clothing, all while trying to retrieve stolen software and balance in high heels. Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Angels Natalie (Cameron Diaz), Dylan (Drew Barrymore), and Alex (Lucy Liu) are sent to place a bug in the voice-recognition system that bitter rival Roger Corwin (Tim Curry) has stolen. The Angels and Bosley (Bill Murray) must save Charles "Charlie" Townsend's (John Forsythe's) life. See them kick the sh*t out of people with high-tech martial arts. Corey Semple (AdamSandler's8SexyNights) Charles "Charlie" Townsend's (John Forsythe's) private investigation company is addressed by programmer Eric Knox (Sam Rockwell), owner of Knox Technologies, whose revolutionary voice-recognition software has been stolen. Charlie's Angels Natalie (Cameron Diaz), Dylan (Drew Barrymore), and Alex (Lucy Liu) are sent to place a bug in the system of bitter rival Roger Corwin (Tim Curry), who is under strong suspicion. But after the deed is done, the Angels and their boss Bosley (Bill Murray) face the fact of a destroyed home base, as well as Charlie's life in immediate danger. But how do you protect someone you never met? Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 