nm0000594:

 Cas & Dylan (2013)Summaries A dying Doctor, who plans to check out on his own terms, takes a reluctant detour when he inadvertently winds up on the lam with an 'anything-but-normal' 22-year-old girl. In Winnipeg, Dr. Cas Pepper has just found out he has a terminal brain tumor. Dylan Morgan is an aspiring writer. The two first set eyes on each other in the hospital ward, where Dylan was trying to get inspired for her writings. Despite being a mismatched pair, the two end up on a journey together, largely out of a joint incident with Dylan's boyfriend Bobby, to head "west". This journey was originally Cas' alone as part of what he felt he needed to do in light of his diagnosis, his complete mission about which Dylan is unaware. Although he would like to do this trip on his own beyond the issue with Bobby, he finds it is more difficult to get rid of Dylan than he would like. It seems as if Dylan is both running away from Bobby, and running toward what she hopes is that lucrative writing career, that next step being a meeting with a representative at a publishing house in Vancouver. This journey ends up being one of discovery for both, both in terms of learning about the other's full current mission - which each believes he/she gets a better handle on from information gleaned from the other's cell phone - and what the other truly means to him/herself in their short time together. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Call Me Fitz (20102013)Summaries A morally bankrupt car salesman is forced to become business partners with his inner conscience, an off-beat do gooder intent on healing Fitz's mangled psyche, one hilarious disaster at a time. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Beverly Hills, 90210 (19902000)Summaries A group of friends living in Beverly Hills, California make their way through life from their school days into adulthood. Originally based around the lives of a group of high school students living in the wealthy Beverly Hills neighborhood, then later moving on to their college days as they got older. The kids become friends and enemies, fall in and out of love, and go through an endless series of crises as this small group somehow becomes personally involved in every newsworthy social issue from alcoholism to South African apartheid to pregnancy to AIDS. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Private Eyes (20162021)Summaries Former professional hockey player Matt Shade partners with private eye Angie Everett to solve crimes around Toronto. The original crime-solving series Private Eyes is a 10-episode procedural drama that follows ex-pro hockey player Matt Shade (Jason Priestley) who irrevocably changes his life when he decides to team up with fierce P.I. Angie Everett (Cindy Sampson) to form an unlikely investigative powerhouse. Through their new partnership, Shade is forced to examine who he has become and who he wants to be. Ongoing episodes find Shade and Angie investigating high-stakes crimes in the worlds of horse racing, fine dining, Toronto's vibrant hip-hop scene, scandalous literature, magic clubs, and more. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 