nm0004098:

 Guiding Light (19522009)Summaries This show took place in the fictional Midwestern town of Springfield and centered on the middle class Bauer family. This show took place in the fictional Midwestern town of Springfield. In its early years, the stories centered on the middle class Bauer family, but later the wealthy Spauldings, Chamberlains, and Lewises, along with the working class Reardons and others, took their own places of prominence, though the Bauers remained the heart of the show. This show got its start on radio in 1937 centering around the Church of Little Five Points in Illinois. The widowed Reverend John Ruthledge administered at the church and the guiding light referred to a lamp he had in his study that always remained lit for his parishioners and anyone to seek comfort at the non-denominational church. In the late 1940s, the show (still on radio) moved to the fictional suburb of Los Angeles, California, "Selby Flats", when Reverend Ruthledge's daughter, Mary, and her husband Ned Holden (who at one time was Reverend Ruthledge's adopted son), took the "guiding light" lamp to Reverend Ruthledge's friend and former protg, Reverend Charles Matthews. In Selby Flats, the story of this show started involving and centering on the continuing traumatic and dramatic stories of Meta Bauer White Roberts Banning and her stepdaughter Kathy Roberts Grant (and later, Kathy's daughter, Robin Fletcher) and also the lives of the rich Grants, the poorer Bauers (Papa, Bert Miller Bauer and Bill Bauer and Bert and Bill's sons, Mike and Ed) and the well-off Fletchers. In the late 1960s, the show started becoming more about Bert, Bill and Mike and Ed and their travails as Meta moved with her third husband Dr. Bruce Banning (Meta returned in the 70's for a brief time and then in the late 1990s.) The show premiered on television in black-and-white and live (until 1969) on June 30, 1952. The locale moved to the Midwestern town of Springfield in 1966 and stayed there until the show ended in 2009. In 1967, the show was first aired in color, then it moved to a half-hour, and on November 7, 1977, it became an hour show and introduced the Spaulding family, who were mainstays of Springfield to the end. The "The" of "Guiding Light" was dropped about a year before it went to an hour. Other families introduced in the 1970s were the Norrises, the Thorpes (Roger was a major villain for over thirty years), the Marlers (attorney Ross (who represented and defended Roger in the first marital rape storyline in 1979, Roger's then third wife, Holly had brought him up on the real charges, the rape was shown on-screen on March 4, 1979} has survived to this day, Jerry Dorn has been on consistently since March 1979) and the Stapletons. In the 1980s, the poorer Reardons, the wealthy Chamberlains, and the middle class Lewises took over as major families as the Norrises, the Thorpes, and the Stapletons all but disappeared (the Thorpes did make a return in 1989.) In the 1990s, as the Reardons and then the Chamberlains seemed to leave the town of Springfield, major families introduced were the poorer Coopers, and later in the 90s, the mob family known as the Santoses. Also in the 1980s and 1990s to 2009, Josh Lewis and his longtime love interest Reva Shayne and their brood of Marah and Shayne, as well as her sister Cassie Layne and her daughter Tammy, became more mainstay. Besides a still undercurrent of a non-denominational religious theme, this show's main themes had been about how to find and keep and hold on to love (its main theme in the early 1990s was a song titled "Hold On to Love") and finding others to help guide you. Peter Bradfield It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 As the World Turns (19562010)Summaries The focus in on the upper class Hughes and Stewart families plus their tribulations in Midwest Oakdale. The Stewarts fade away eventually to be replaced by the rural Snyders and wealthy Lucinda Walsh with her many intrigues. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Another World (19641999)Summaries The life in the Midwestern town of Bay City, and the love, loss, trials, and triumph of its residents, who come from different backgrounds and social circles. The continuing story of life in the Midwestern town of Bay City, and the love, loss, trials, and triumph of its residents, who come from different backgrounds and social circles. Those who call Bay City home include the Matthews, Cory, Frame, Winthrop, Love, Hudson, Harrison, and Burrell families. swissJohn29 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 All My Children (19702011)Summaries Set in the fictional East Coast suburb Pine Valley, this show is the decades-old, risk-taking soap that centers around Erica Kane and her long line of husbands. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 