nm0005497:

 Beethoven's 2nd (1993)Summaries Beethoven, the St. Bernard dog, becomes a father, but his girlfriend Missy is dognapped, and his puppies are in danger of the same fate. Beethoven is back, and this time, he's bringing the kids. It's the further adventures of the Newton family and their lovable, lumbering pal, Beethoven. In this second "symphony" of the Beethoven saga, our hero meets Missy, the lady Saint Bernard of his dreams. Unfortunately, they are soon separated by Regina, Missy's hateful owner who is using her as a bargaining chip in an ugly divorce. But love finds a way, and the result is four adorable, roly-poly puppies. The prospect of four valuable, purebred pups appeals to Regina's greed, but the Newton kids come to the rescue and bring home the cuddly canines. Now if they can just convince Dad to adopt the huge, messy bundles of joy . . . Mission accomplished. But Missy is still in Regina's evil clutches. Will Missy, Beethoven and their puppies ever be reunited? And will Regina finally get what she deserves? Official DVD cover It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Nanny (19931999)Summaries After being fired from her job and dumped by her boyfriend, a cosmetics saleswoman becomes the nanny to the three children of a rich English widower. As time passes, the two fall for each other. After a Jewish, high-voiced, woman from Flushing, New York gets fired from her job and dumped by her boyfriend, Fran Fine (Fran Drescher) is mistaken as applying for a nanny for widowed Maxwell Sheffield (Charles Shaughnessy), who has three children, Maggie (Nicholle Tom), Brighton (Benjamin Salisbury), and Grace (Madeline Zima), when she is stuck selling cosmetics in Manhattan. As she spends years there, she becomes great friends with the butler, Niles (Daniel Davis), and the three kids. She is good friends with the widowed man, and some romance sparks through the years. Fran Fine, a whiny, nasal-voiced Jewish woman from Flushing, New York, has just been fired from her job and abandoned by her boyfriend. She ends up selling cosmetics in Manhattan. This takes her to the home of Maxwell Sheffield, a rich, widowed English Broadway producer. She is mistaken to be applying for the job of nanny to Maxwell's three children and is hired for that purpose. She becomes quite attached to the children, Maggie, Brighton, and Grace, and becomes great friends with the butler, Niles. There is sexual tension between her and Mr. Sheffield, which is complicated by the fact that his business partner, C.C. Babcock, likes him. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Princess Diaries (2001)541) Mia Thermopolis has just found out that she is the heir apparent to the throne of Genovia. With her friends Lilly and Michael Moscovitz in tow, she tries to navigate through the rest of her sixteenth year. Mia Thermopolis (Anne Hathaway) is the average teenager - sweet, a little geeky, and pretty much invisible to everyone with the exception of her mother, best friend Lilly (Heather Matarazzo) and Lilly's older brother Michael (Robert Schwartzman). Making it through high school without throwing up is a challenge in itself for Mia, so it doesn't come as welcome news when her estranged grandmother, Queen Clarisse Renaldi (Dame Julie Andrews), shows up out of the blue and calmly informs her that she is in fact the heir to the throne of a European country called Genovia. Suddenly Mia's life is thrown into complete overload. She's being taught about scarves, waves, and pears in order to become a perfect Princess, she gets a makeover and a tough looking, yet sweet bodyguard and limo driver called Joe (Hector Elizondo). Things get out of hand when the media gets a hold of the story and suddenly Mia is thrust into the spotlight in the newspapers and in school. On top of all of that, Mia has a choice to make. She must decide by Genovia's Independence Day Ball whether she longs to relinquish her claim on the throne or to become the Princess and heir to the throne her father, Philippe Renaldi (Rene Auberjonois), and grandmother want her to be. LadyN1 A socially awkward but very bright 15-year-old girl being raised by a single mom discovers that she is the princess of a small European country because of the recent death of her long-absent father, who, unknown to her, was the crown prince of Genovia. She must make a choice between continuing the life of a San Francisco teen or stepping up to the throne. While Mia makes up her mind, she's pressed into taking princess lessons from her grandmother. Anonymous Mia Thermopolis (Anne Hathaway), an awkward San Francisco teenager, has just learned her deceased father, Philippe Renaldi (Rene Auberjonois), was the Crown Prince of Genovia. To keep the royal reigns from passing to another family due to a broken bloodline, Queen Clarisse Renaldi (Dame Julie Andrews) seeks the favor of her estranged granddaughter in hopes that she will take her father's place as the Crown Princess. While Mia contemplates her future, her grandmother insists on turning her from a social misfit to a lady fit for the throne. What these two discover about each other is that blood is more important than bloodlines. Robin <soonerzs@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mia Thermopolis ( Anne Hathaway ) is a fifteen-year-old tenth grade private school student who lives with her mother Helen Thermopolis ( Caroline Goodall ) and her cat, Fat Louie, in a renovated San Francisco firehouse. Mia is an average, plain-looking student, but extremely unpopular. She is seemingly invisible to her crush, Josh Bryant ( Erik von Detten ) and his cheerleader girlfriend Lana Thomas ( Mandy Moore ). Mia, however, has one best friend: Lilly Moscovitz ( Heather Matarazzo ) as well as Lilly's brother Michael ( Robert Schwartzman ). A few weeks before Mia's sixteenth birthday, Mia learns her paternal grandmother is visiting from Genovia, a small European kingdom. Mia meets her grandmother, Queen Clarisse Renaldi ( Julie Andrews ), at the Genovian consulate for the first time in her life. Queen Clarisse explains that the reason she wanted to see her was because of a "life-changing" problem. Mia learns that her father was Crown Prince of Genovia and, due to his recent death, she is now next and sole heir to the Genovian throne. She is shocked to learn that she is in fact a princess and runs away, rejecting the notion. Queen Clarisse visits Mia and Helen and explains that if Mia refuses the throne, Genovia will be without a ruler. She also explains that Mia needs to be presented as their princess at the upcoming Genovian State Dinner. Helen convinces Mia to attend "princess lessons" with the Queen, who tells Mia need not have to make her decision on accepting the throne until the annual Genovian Independence Day ball. The Queen gives Mia a limousine to use as well as her own bodyguard, Joseph "Joe" ( Hector Elizondo ), the Queen's head of security. Mia begins seeing her grandmother everyday after school for her lessons, which include table manners, dancing, and personal presentation. Mia's frequent absence begins to put Lilly on-edge, and after Mia receives a makeover from Italian hairdresser Paolo ( Larry Miller ), Lilly confronts her and accuses her of trying to be like the popular girls. Mia breaks down and tells Lilly everything, changing her friends' attitude completely. Mia makes Lilly promise not to tell anyone (including Michael) that she is a princess, because the Queen wants to keep everything a secret until the ball as to avoid a frenzy with the press. The San Francisco Chronicle however learns that Mia is the Genovian Crown Princess after Paolo violates his confidentiality agreement. Although thoroughly annoyed, Queen Clarisse presses onward and prepares for the State Dinner. Mia attends, but publicly humiliates herself and her grandmother with her clumsiness. The following day, Mia agrees to appear on Lilly's public-access television program Shut Up and Listen, and to watch Michael's band perform at a venue that Saturday night. Mia is almost sixteen, so she is almost able to drive a car (her "baby", a vintage Ford Mustang). She takes a test drive with her grandmother and they go to an arcade. Mia asks her grandmother if her father wanted to be prince; she replies he did but that he thought of abdicating only once-when he fell in love with Helen. However, he realized his love for his country was greater. While driving back to the Genovian consulate, Mia's car fails on a hill and rams into one of San Francisco's famous cable cars loaded with people. No one is injured, but two nuns call the police. To save Mia a trip to the police station (she was driving without a license), Queen Clarisse appoints the police man and trolley master to the "Genovian Order of the Rose" (a fictitious Chivalric order she devised on the spot). The men are so flattered that they drop any charges and give Queen Clarisse and Mia a ride back to the consulate in a police car. Josh Bryant, the cute boy Mia has a crush on, asks her to go with him to the school's annual beach party. She excitedly agrees, but Michael and Lilly are both hurt that she blew them off for the popular kids. Mia's mother wisely points out Josh never liked her before all this princess business, but Mia ignores this observation. The beach party goes well at first, but spirals out of control when the media arrives (Tipped off by Lana). Josh uses Mia to get his fifteen minutes of fame by publicly kissing her, after which Lana and her two popular friends trick Mia into undressing in a tent. They remove the tent as she is semi-nude and humiliate her by calling the paparazzi, who snap photos of her covered in a towel. Mia's gym coach shoos off the paparazzi and takes Mia home. Later that night, Mia cries in her mother's arms. The unflattering photos wind up on tabloid covers the following day and this displeases Queen Clarisse. She chides her granddaughter, then tells her that she may still attend the ball and invite friends, except Josh. Joe later reminds Queen Clarisse that although Mia is a princess, she is still a teenager and Clarisse's granddaughter. To rescue her friendships with Lilly and Michael, Mia apologizes and invites them to the Genovian Independence Day Ball, where she must reveal her decision on accepting the duties of a princess. Around the same time, Mia publicly humiliates Lana by smearing ice cream on her cheerleader dress at school in front of students and calling her a jerk, much to her distress and the amusement of the other students (including Lilly, who is very impressed). The teachers don't intervene, knowing that she deserved it. Upon learning she must personally and publicly announce her decision, the terrified Mia plans to run away. She is stopped when she finds a sixteenth birthday gift (the titular diary) and a letter from her father written before his death. Touched by his words, she changes her mind and makes her way to the ball. Her car breaks down on the way, but she is saved by Joe, who arrives with a limousine (having suspected her plans to run away). When they arrive, Mia makes a speech, voicing her acceptance of the Genovian throne. She shares her first dance with Michael, who then takes her outside to the consulate's garden where they kiss. Clarisse and Joe are seen holding hands, signifying the start of a relationship. The last scene shows Mia on the plane with Joe and her cat, whose name is Fat Louie. Mia is writing in her diary, explaining that she is moving with her mother to Genovia, and that Lilly and Michael will visit her during summer holiday. When Mia looks out of the plane's window, Joe welcomes her to Genovia as she sees the beautiful royal palace and landscape below. 
 Beethoven (1992)431) A slobbering St. Bernard becomes the center of attention for a loving family, but must contend with a dog-napping veterinarian and his henchmen. The Newton family live in their comfortable home, but there seems to something missing. This "hole" is filled by a small puppy, who walks into their home and their lives. Beethoven, as he is named, grows into a giant of a dog... a St Bernard. Doctor Varnick, the local vet has a secret and horrible sideline, which requires lots of dogs for experiments. Beethoven is on the bad doctor's list. Rob Hartill Barely escaping from nefarious dognappers, an adorable puppy named Beethoven adopts the unsuspecting Newton family and promptly grows up into 185 pounds of romping, drooling, disaster-prone St. Bernard. Unfortunately, even after proving his canine credentials to mom and the kids, the heroic hound gets nowhere with uptight dad, George. But when a beastly veterinarian makes Beethoven the target of an unspeakable animal experiment, George becomes the only hope for saving the Newton's furriest family member. Official DVD cover Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A group of puppies are stolen from a pet store by two thieves. A St. Bernard puppy escapes and sneaks into the Newton family's home. The workaholic father, George Newton, doesn't want the responsibility of owning a dog, but his wife, Alice, and their children, Ryce, Ted, and Emily, convince him. They give him the name "Beethoven" when Emily plays a portion of Ludwig van Beethoven's Fifth Symphony on the piano and the dog barks along to it. Beethoven grows into an extremely fat adult dog and helps the children overcome their problems: he helps Ryce talk to her crush, scares off bullies for Ted, and saves Emily's life when she falls into an irresponsible babysitter's swimming pool. George, jealous of the affection Beethoven receives, feels neglected as his family fawns over him. His antics ruin a barbecue he is hosting for Brad and Brie, rude, unpleasant venture capitalists looking to invest in and secretly swindle him out of his car freshener firm. The Newtons take Beethoven to a veterinarian, Dr. Herman Varnick, for a routine medical examination and immunizations. They are unaware that he is involved in unethical and deadly animal experimentation. He speaks to George and tells him of a supposed mental instability among St. Bernards making them potentially dangerous to humans and advises him to watch Beethoven closely for any sign of viciousness. He actually requires large-skulled dogs such as St. Bernards for an ammunition test. Dr. Varnick visits the Newton home under the guise of doing a follow-up exam on Beethoven. He puts fake blood on his arm and hits Beethoven until he leaps on him. He pretends to be in agony, warning George that Beethoven may be turning aggressive and must be euthanized or he will have no choice but to press charges. Emily, who saw Dr. Varnick hit him, protests that the attack was fake, but George, fearing for his family's safety, reluctantly takes him to Dr. Varnick's office. It is on the way there that George discovers his own affections for him: he remembers his father had to take their dog to the vet to be euthanized and he never forgave him for it. He fears that his own family will hate him now for taking Beethoven to be euthanized. When he returns home with the empty leash and collar, his family leaves the dinner table rather than remain with him. After recognizing the children's sadness and having a conversation with Alice, the Newtons go to Dr. Varnick's office, but he lies and claims that Beethoven has already been euthanized. George notices that Dr. Varnick has no bite marks on his arm and punches him. The Newtons follow him to his warehouse. Beethoven breaks free but is recaptured by Dr. Varnick's two associates, Harvey and Vernon, while Alice calls the police. George crashes through the skylight just as Dr. Varnick prepares to shoot Beethoven. Before he can, a captive Jack Russell Terrier bites him in the crotch, causing him to fire a shot in the air. After hearing the gunshot, Ted drives the car through the door and runs it into a cart, launching numerous syringes into Dr. Varnick and sedating him. As the Newtons reunite with Beethoven and free all the captive dogs, they notice Harvey and Vernon trying to escape and send the dogs after them. They escape into a junkyard, only to be attacked by a pack of Dobermans guarding it. Dr. Varnick, Harvey, and Vernon are arrested for animal abuse. The Newtons are praised as heroes by the news and George takes a new liking to Beethoven. Ryce also gets a phone call from her crush. The Newtons then go to sleep, saying good night to Beethoven and all of the dogs they rescued, who are all sleeping in their bedroom. 