nm0003102:

 The Informer (2019)Summaries An ex-convict working undercover intentionally gets himself incarcerated again in order to infiltrate the mob at a maximum security prison. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Elle (I) (2016)541) A successful businesswoman gets caught up in a game of cat and mouse as she tracks down the unknown man who raped her. Michle seems indestructible. Head of a successful video game company, she brings the same ruthless attitude to her love life as to business. Being attacked in her home by an unknown assailant changes Michle's life forever. When she resolutely tracks the man down, they are both drawn into a curious and thrilling game-a game that may, at any moment, spiral out of control. SBS Productions The wealthy entrepreneur Michle Leblanc is the owner of a video-game company that she runs with her best friend Anna. She is divorced from Richard Leblanc and has a love affair with Anna's husband Robert. Her son Vincent lives with his girlfriend Josie that is pregnant. Her mother Irne Leblanc tries to convince Michle to visit her father that is in prison for a life sentence after killing twenty-seven neighbors in an outbreak. One day, Michle is raped by a stranger wearing a ski mask. She buys pepper spray and an ax for self-protection while she seeks out the attacker. She also befriends her next door neighbors Patrick and Rebecca and invites them to a Christmas party at her home. When the stranger breaks in her house again, Michle subdues him and has a surprise. Who might be the rapist? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the safety of her home, a stranger wearing a ski mask brutally assaults Michle Leblanc, the divorced and successful CEO of a video-game development company. Then, alive, but seemingly insensitive to her traumatic experience, Michle throws her clothes in the trash, washes the perpetrator's foul stench off her, and for her own indecipherable reasons, she decides to avoid reporting the incident to the police. But, little by little, as a repulsed but resilient Michle tries to carry on with her life, disturbing text messages from her unknown but ever-present violator will inevitably lead her to believe that the stalker could be anyone from the men she knows. Could it be someone who is still holding a grudge? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A middle-aged French woman, Michle Leblanc, is raped in her home by an assailant in a ski mask. After the masked man flees, she then promptly cleans up the mess and resumes her life. Michle is the assertive head of a successful video game company based in Paris, France, where her male employees are alternately resentful of or infatuated with her. She feels detached from her son Vincent, who submits to the pregnant Josie, his domineering, ungrateful and likely unfaithful girlfriend. Michle has a contentious relationship with her selfish and promiscuous mother, whom she resents for her narcissism and involvements with younger men. Meanwhile, she carries on an affair with Robert, the husband of her best friend and business partner Anna, and develops a risque flirtation with her neighbor Patrick, a banker who is married to a devoutly Catholic woman named Rebecca. Furthermore, it is revealed that Michle is the daughter of a mass murderer whose parole hearing is soon approaching after spending nearly 20 years in prison. Haunted by a violent event from her childhood and the subsequent media frenzy, Michle is wary of law enforcement and does not report the rape to police, despite the pleas of her friends. Following the rape, Michle grows increasingly suspicious of the men in her life. She at first suspects Kurt, a particularly resentful employee, when a CGI animation of a monster raping her is emailed to everyone at the company. She pepper-sprays a man lurking outside her house, only to find out it is Richard, her ex-husband, who was checking on her safety. She later discovers that another employee who has been infatuated with her created the animation, but did not rape her. Michle is attacked in her home by the same masked assailant one night, and after stabbing his hand and unmasking him, learns that he is Patrick. Though Patrick has been harassing her and she now knows that he is able to enter her home despite having her locks changed after the previous incident, she still does not call the police, and furthermore takes no measures to increase her home security. Michle decides to visit her father after his parole application is rejected, only to find that he has hanged himself hours before she arrived, which Michle suspects is because he could not bear to face her again. On the way home from the prison, she gets into a car crash in a secluded area. Rather than calling an ambulance, she first calls her friends, who don't answer, and then decides to call Patrick. After Patrick rescues her from the car and bandages her, Michle courts a brazenly dangerous sexual relationship with him. She engages in a vivid rape scenario while attempting to mitigate his inability to perform with a consenting woman. The two of them walk a delicate line in which Patrick has to feel like he is raping Michle even though she consents to the roleplay. Michle grows increasingly disillusioned with the various facets of her life leading up to the celebration party for the premiere of her company's new video game. She confesses to Anna that she was having an affair with Robert. As Patrick drives her home from the party, Michle professes that she is no longer in denial about their unhealthy relationship, and claims she intends to call the police. She takes her time walking in front of his parked car after getting out, and then before entering her home makes a point to leave the gate unlocked. Patrick enters the house and attacks her in an ambiguous encounter that blurs the line between rape and consent... but Vincent, who was already in the house, sneaks up behind Patrick as he is on top of Michle, and bashes him in the back of the skull. Michle appears to remain largely composed during and after the rape while giving her statement to the police, but before dying, Patrick seems confused. In the final scene, Michle speaks briefly with Rebecca as she is moving out of the neighborhood. Rebecca is placid and expresses gratitude to Michle for being able to temporarily "satisfy Patrick's needs".... implying that she was aware on some level that the two were sexually involved and that Patrick had inclinations she, as his wife, couldn't satisfy. Vincent is shown to be a bit more assertive in his relationship and career, while Michle reconciles with both Josie and Anna, the latter of whom offers to move in with her now that they have both severed their relationships with Robert. 
 Brimstone (2016)Summaries From the moment the new reverend climbs the pulpit, Liz knows she and her family are in great danger. A triumphant epic of survival and a tale of powerful womanhood and resistance against the unforgiving cruelty of a hell on earth. Our heroine is Liz (Dakota Fanning), carved from the beautiful wilderness, full of heart and grit, hunted by a vengeful Preacher (Guy Pearce) - a diabolical zealot and her twisted nemesis. But Liz is a genuine survivor; she's no victim - a woman of fearsome strength who responds with astonishing bravery to claim the better life she and her daughter deserve. Fear not. Retribution is coming. Anonymous Brimstone is an epic thriller set in the old west. A triumphant tale of powerful womanhood and resistance against a violent past that refuses to fade. Liz is a mute young woman who lives together with her husband and two children. She is a midwife and communicates through sign language, sometimes assisted by her daughter. Her relationship with her 4 year old son could be better, but otherwise Liz's life seems pretty good. When the new reverend climbs the pulpit in church, Liz freezes. She immediately knows she and her family are in danger. In four chapters we see not only how the reverend tries to take everything Liz loves away from her, but also how her life has unfolded in the past. Brimstone is a genre-bending film that draws inspiration from the American Southern Gothic genre, but also has a strong foothold in Dutch religious culture. N279 Entertainment It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Black Book (2006)761) In the Nazi-occupied Netherlands during World War II, a Jewish singer infiltrates the regional Gestapo headquarters for the Dutch resistance. Israel 1956. Rachel, a Jew, rather unexpectedly meets an old friend at the kibbutz where she is working as a teacher. It brings back memories of her experiences in The Netherlands during the war, memories of betrayal. September 1944. Rachel is in trouble when her hiding place is bombed by allied troops. She gets in contact with a man from the resistance and joins a group of Jews who are to be smuggled across the Biesbosch by boat to the freed South Netherlands. Germans from a patrol boat murder them all however. Only Rachel is able to escape. She is rescued by a resistance group under the leadership of Gerben Kuipers. When Kuipers' son is captured after trying to smuggle weapons, he asks Rachel to seduce SS-hauptsturmfhrer Ludwig Mntze. Soon she will find out the attack in the Biesbosch wasn't a coincidence. Arnoud Tiele (imdb@tiele.nl) A young Jewish girl is hiding from the Nazi's during the second world war in The Netherlands. After her hiding place is literally blown, she escapes with her rescuer, a young sailer. Thesame night, as she is hiding with the sailer, she is warned by the dutch resistance that their hiding place is located by the Germans and they're on their way. They run the next day with this man to cross over to liberated areas. That night the boat sails onto a trap of the Germans and they kill every person on it. Rachel escapes and joins the resistance. Under the false name Ellis de Vries she meets a SS-official Ludwig Muntze on a train smuggling weapons. After the son of the resistance leader is captured the meeting comes in handy. She goes to the head quarters to meet him again and gain his trust. He soons falls for her and joins his office as a spy. But when someone within the resistance betrays her she is now seen as the bad guy from both sides. All that's left to do is run with the man she learned to love and find a way to prove her innocence by finding the real betrayer. Marieke van Lith Dutch VIP Van Gein, who has excellent German connections, runs a countryside escape route, mainly used by Jews who have been hiding themselves and considerable valuables. A boat full of them is suddenly raided by the Nazis. Rare survivor Rachel Stein joins fellow Jew Gerben Kuipers's spectacularly successful Amsterdam resistance, which includes champion sharpshooter Hans Akkermans. She volunteers to gain entrance to the Nazi HQ by seducing a high officer. Several dangerous games of cat and mouse ensue, exacting bloody tools on both sides. Ultimately traitors are found out, but not necessarily in time. KGF Vissers Set during the end of WWII, Black Book is the story of a Dutch Jewish girl who narrowly survives the war in Holland. She joins the resistance to find out who betrayed her family after all of them were killed in an attempt to reach the liberated south. Clockwork Pictures In 1944, in the occupied Holland, the Jewish Rachel Stein is hiding from the Nazis in a house of a Christian family. When her hiding place is bombed, Rachel escapes by chance, but she is found by a stranger called Van Gein that invites her to join a group of Jews in a boat to escape to Belgium on the next night. He advises her to bring money and jewels for her survival and very few luggage. Rachel visits lawyer and friend of her family Wim Small that gives her a large amount for her travel. When she meets the refugees, she finds that her family is in the group. While crossing the swamp, a Nazi patrol boat arrives and kills the fugitives, but Rachel is the only one to survive. Later she joins a cell of resistance leaded by the Dutch Gerben Kuipers under the identity of Ellis de Vries; after meeting the Nazi Officer Ludwig Mntze in a train, Kuipers proposes Ellis to work as a spy seducing Mntze. During her assignment, Rachel recognizes Gnther Franken as the commander of the attack to the boat of refugees and later she discovers that the murders are part of a scheme with a traitor in the resistance team. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the Kibbutz Stein in Israel in 1956, school teacher Rachel (Clarice van Houten) is reunited with Ronnie (Halina Reijn), a friend from The Hague during World War II. After Ronnie leaves, Rachel reflects on her adventures during the final days of the war. In 1944, Rachel hides from the Nazis in a farm in the Dutch countryside. In exchange for hiding her, they expect her to learn Bible verses. One day, a crippled Allied bomber drops its payload on the farmhouse, killing everyone except Rachel. Rob (Michiel Heisman), a young man from a neighboring farm, hides her in the family's greenhouse. That night, Van Gein (Peter Blok), a police officer, arrives to tell them that the Nazis know that Rachel is in the area and will hunt her down. He agrees to help Rachel and Rob escape to the Allied controlled southern part of Holland. Rachel visits her father's lawyer, Smaal (Dolf de Vries). He gives her enough money and jewels to live on for a year but warns her not to trust people so easily. Van Gein leads Rachel and Rob to a dock where other Jews wait to leave. Rachel is reunited with her parents and brother, who is recovering from an emergency appendectomy. Van Gein does not accompany the Jews on the boat trip. That evening, the boat is ambushed by a Nazi patrol boat. The Nazis immediately open fire; only Rachel survives the massacre. Before drifting down the river, she sees the Nazis loot the corpses. Rachel is found by Resistance fighters who smuggle her into The Hague by disguising her as a typhoid victim and placing her in a coffin that if properly "sealed" has sizable air holes. She is taken to a soup kitchen run by another member of the Resistance, Gerben Kuipers (Derek de Lint) and given the new name of Ellis de Vries. Eventually she is made a part of the Resistance's plans to smuggle in British guns and rations. The smugglers are led by Hans Akkermans (Thom Hoffman), an expert marksman. He and Ellis are to pose as husband and wife so the Nazis will not search their luggage on the train; the luggage is actually full of weaponry. But when the Nazi soldiers on the train clearly do intend to search all baggage, a new plan is needed. Ellis takes the bags and enters a private compartment occupied by SD Colonel Mntze (Sebastian Koch). The Nazis don't search Mntze's compartment. Ellis and Mntze are clearly attracted to each other and she accepts an offer to visit him at his office. Hans is clearly jealous. A truck carrying the British guns crashes in front of the soup kitchen. Kuiper's son, Tim (Ronald Armbrust) was driving and is arrested by the Gestapo. While the others go into hiding, Ellis arranges a meeting with Mntze hoping that she can persuade him to release Tim. Knowing he is an avid stamp collector, she takes some rare Dutch stamps to him. He invites her to a Nazi party. There she sees SS commandant Gnter Franken (Waldemar Kobus) and recognizes him as the Nazi who led the ambush against the refugee boat. Although she is sickened at his sight, she manages to sing at the party later. She and Mntze return to his suite to make love. He intuits that she is Jewish from her dyed blond hair but has fallen in love with her. She accepts a job in his office and begins work the following day. There she meets Ronnie, who is Franken's secretary/sex partner. Franken gives them a report indicating that Tim has confessed everything and is to be executed, however, Mntze refuses to sign the execution order. Ellis sees Smaal at Nazi headquarters and learns that he and Mntze have negotiated a cease fire -- if the Resistance ceases its attacks against the Nazis, the Nazis will cease its violent reprisals against Dutch civilians. However, when a hidden microphone placed by Ellis in Franken's office reveals that Franken and Van Gein have been working together to kill and rob Jews trying to escape into Allied territory, a controversy amongst the Resistance fighters ensues. Van Gein is heard asking where Franken gets his information as to where the Jews are hiding, which Franken refuses to answer. Ellis wants vengeance for her family but Kuipers refuses to risk breaking the truce because his son will be killed. He betrays a level of anti-semitism when he asks if Jewish lives are any more important than Dutch lives. Behind Kuipers' back, Hans and several others agree to kidnap Van Gein and make it look like he went underground to protect himself. Hans tries to drug Van Gein with chloroform but it doesn't work because the medicine has passed its expiration date. When Van Gein nearly escapes, they are forced to kill him and dump his body in the canal. That night, Mntze confronts Ellis about her participation in the Resistance. Smaal procures the building plans for the Nazi headquarters from a friend at city hall; the building used to be a bank. A plan is devised to sneak into the building during a party in honor of Hitler's birthday. Using information given to him by Ellis, Mntze accuses Franken of hoarding property and valuables confiscated from Jews, a capital offense. When a search of Franken's safe comes up empty, Franken accuses Mntze of negotiating with terrorists -- the Resistance. Mntze is sentenced to death, and Franken announces that forty hostages will be executed in retaliation for the murder of Van Gein. The rescue effort will now be more complex, and Ellis insists that Mntze be one of those liberated because she is in love with him. That night, she leaves a coal chute door open for Hans and the others to enter, then goes to sing at the party. The Resistance members enter the building and free many of the prisoners. However, they are then ambushed by Nazi soldiers. Only Hans and one other Resistance member survive. Franken takes Ellis to his office and uses the hidden microphone, which he knows about, to make it seem like Ellis has been collaborating with him against the Resistance. Kuipers vows to kill her. But Franken already intends to, along with Mntze. That night, Ronnie uses her body as a diversion while another sympathetic soldier frees Ellis and Mntze from their cells. A few days later, the Germans surrender and World War II (in Europe) ends. Ellis and Mntze make their way back to The Hague. They go to see Smaal, who they believe to be the one who had betrayed the Resistance fighters and Jews to Franken. He denies it and claims to have proof of the real culprit which he intends to take to the Canadian military government controlling the city. However, before he can do so, an unknown assailant kills Smaal and his wife. Resistance fighters trap Mntze and Ellis, although she takes Smaal's notebook. Franken attempts to escape by boat with the loot taken from the Jews but Hans kills him. Muntze, in the custody of the Canadian army, is sentenced to death by his former commanding officer, General Kutner, who argues to his Canadian counterpart that Nazi officers still have the authority to punish their own officers for misconduct. Mntze is executed for his contact with Communists in the Resistance. Ellis is kept in a pen with other Dutch accused of collaborating with the Nazis. She and her fellow prisoners are treated deplorably by other local residents, an incident that is broken up by Hans, who berates his countrymen for acting like their Nazi occupiers during the war. Hans, who is now considered a hero of the Resistance, finds Ellis and takes her to his office. On the way, they distribute some chocolate bars to children. In his office, he shows her the money and valuables he took from Franken and reveals that Mntze was executed. Ellis breaks down in tears. Hans tells her that he is giving her a sedative but actually injects her with a lethal amount of insulin. He was the traitor in the Resistance and feels he must kill Ellis to cover his tracks. But when he goes to his window to accept the cheers of an adoring crowd, Ellis wolfs down a chocolate bar to counteract the insulin and escapes with Smaal's black book. She takes the evidence to Kuipers, who is at a nearby mass grave where the body of his son has been uncovered. They leave to find Hans, who is trying to escape the city with the Jewish money and valuables. They find him on a country road, using the same method that was used to smuggle Rachel into the Resistance -- the coffin with the hidden vent. Although he offers to give some of the money to them, Kuipers and Ellis seal off his air supply and let him suffocate to death. On the banks of the river, they debate what to do with the money. In 1956, at the Kibbutz Stein, which was founded with the Jewish money, Rachel and her family disappear behind the fences as armed Israeli soldiers arrive to guard it from an unseen enemy, marking the beginning of the Suez Crisis. In this movie appears Christian Berkel who will later play the role of Fritz Shimon Haber in Haber (2008) . 