nm0005561:

 Vacancy (2007)431) A married couple becomes stranded at an isolated motel and finds hidden video cameras in their room. They soon realize that unless they escape, they'll be the next victims of a snuff film. David and Amy Fox find themselves stranded in the middle of nowhere when their car breaks down. Luckily, they come across a motel with a TV to entertain them during their overnight stay. However, there's something very strange and familiar about the Grade-Z slasher movies that the motel broadcasts for its guests' enjoyment. They all appear to be filmed in the very same room they occupy! Realizing that they are trapped in their room with hidden cameras now aimed at them filming their every move, David and Amy desperately find a means of escape through locked doors, crawlspaces and underground tunnels before they too become the newest stars of the mystery filmmaker's next cult classic! alfiehitchie While driving during the night, David Fox leaves the interstate and takes a shortcut through a lonely road. He is in a divorce process with his wife Amy, who is sleeping in the car, after the loss of their son Charlie. In order to avoid hitting a raccoon, David breaks down the fan of his car and the couple finds stranded in the road. Without any other alternative, they decide to spend the night in a nasty low budget motel in the middle of nowhere. While watching some amateurish slash movies in the VCR, David realizes that they have been shot in their room. Sooner they discover that they are trapped in the place and surrounded by sadistic filmmakers of snuff movies. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Plot Summary Ami and David, on their way home, take a shortcut and hit a raccoon and in the process damage their car. They stay at a motel where they find some snuff films shot in the same room. They try to escape but are stopped by the Manager of the Motel and his two killer side-kicks. They keep trying to escape. Ami gets to make a call to 911. In response an old policeman is sent and promptly killed by the killers upon his discovery of the snuff films. David is stabbed near the end and loses consciousness. Any escapes to drive a BMW and runs one killer over while also killing the other one in the process (he was hanging down and trying to grab her from the sunroof of the car). Finally she shoots the motel manager dead and finds David not quite dead yet. ******************************************************** Plot A couple, David (Luke Wilson) and Amy Fox (Kate Beckinsale) take a wrong turn on a remote mountain road. When their car breaks down, they realize they are in a cell phone dead zone, with no reception. They then decide to check into a completely isolated motel in a rural area with a strangely off-putting manager called Mason (Frank Whaley). While in their room, a bored David takes a peek at the video tapes left on top of the television. As he watches the tapes, he realizes they are snuff films, taken in the very room in which they are staying. The couple are alarmed by this as well as loud, insistent banging coming from the door to the adjacent room, and try to run away. Men dressed in black and wearing masks stop them, and they return to their room. David makes a run to the motel's payphone booth to no avail, escaping it just before a car crashes into it. The couple decides to lock themselves in the room when they notice a truck pull in. They try to warn the truck driver only to find out that he's actually there to buy a box of tapes of the snuff films. David and Amy escape into a tunnel that they discover in the bathroom of their room. Two of the masked people chase them inside the tunnel, but the couple evade them. David and Amy end up inside the manager's lair, where they find video monitors taping the entire hotel. Amy tries to make a call to 911 but is interrupted before she can give the operator any useful information. The couple sneak back into the tunnel, making their way into the auto garage across the lot from the motel. Meanwhile, the police unit responding to Amy's call arrives and David and Amy run to him as he checks the rooms. They all get inside the police car but it has been sabotaged and the killers murder the policeman while he looks under the hood. The couple run into one of the other motel rooms. David hides Amy in a space inside the ceiling, whilst he ventures out. The killers catch and stab David and he ends up lying unconscious in the doorway. When morning comes, Amy comes down from the ceiling and finds where the killers hid their car. As Amy drives away, a killer breaks into the car from the sun roof, and in her effort to fend him off while driving, Amy crashes the car into the motel, killing her attacker as well as another one of the masked men, revealed to be the gas station attendant that earlier "helped" the couple with their car troubles, who is crushed against the front of the car. She runs into the reception area where she is attacked by an apoplectic Mason. As they fight, Mason beats Amy severely. But in his effort to get a good final shot with his handheld digital video camera, Mason throws Amy within reach of a revolver she had dropped, and she shoots Mason three times. Amy immediately runs to David to find that he is still barely alive. She searches Mason's body for the telephone cord he had pulled out of the wall and tried to use to strangle her, calls 911 again and returns to caress David, who is barely conscious but alive. 
 The Royal Tenenbaums (2001)321) The eccentric members of a dysfunctional family reluctantly gather under the same roof for various reasons. Three grown prodigies, all with a unique genius of some kind, and their mother are staying at the family household. Their father, Royal had left them long ago, and comes back to make things right with his family. MonkeyKingMA Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Royal and Etheline Tenenbaum (Gene Hackman and Anjelica Houston) are a wealthy couple living in New York City with their three children, all of whom are incredibly gifted in particular fields. Their older son Chas is a genius of finance and chemistry, their adopted daughter Margot is a recognized playwright, and younger son Richie is a tennis prodigy. Royal, a disbarred lawyer, loves his family but is often brash and insensitive to their needs. He and Etheline separate (though do not divorce) when the children are young, and Royal moves into an expensive hotel where he remains for 22 years, isolated from his family. As adults, the three Tenenbaum children are wearied, tragic versions of their former selves. Chas (Ben Stiller) is mourning the loss of his wife in a plane crash six months earlier, and is struggling with the duty of raising their two sons, Ari and Uzi, on his own. Margot (Gwyneth Paltrow) is stoic and enigmatic, suffering from writer's block and enduring a listless marriage to the much-older neurologist Raleigh St. Clair (Bill Murray). Richie (Luke Wilson) retired from professional tennis after a mysterious emotional meltdown at a crucial match, and had been traveling the world on a cruise ship for a year. Etheline, mature and academic (in contrast to her estranged husband), works as an archaeologist. A chain of events is set in motion when Etheline's smitten accountant Henry Sherman (Danny Glover) proposes marriage to her. Etheline truly cares for Henry, but asks for time to think over her situation with Royal. Meanwhile, the family's longtime servant Pagoda (Kumar Pallana) reports the news to Royal, who resolves to win his family back. Chas and his sons move back in with Etheline, as Chas has increasing paranoia about the boys' safety. After hearing this news, Margot returns home as well, craving a change from her odd married life (she spent most of the day locked in the bathroom, indulging in her secret vice of chain-smoking). Margot is also having an affair with Richie's best friend, novelist Eli Cash (Owen Wilson), although Eli knows that Richie is secretly in love with Margot, his own adopted sister. Royal runs out of cash and is evicted from his hotel. Ashamed of facing his family with the truth, he resolves to win them back through fraud. He meets with Etheline and convinces her that he has terminal stomach cancer and wants to make amends with her and the children before his approaching death. She hesitantly agrees, but meanwhile accepts Henry Sherman's proposal. Chas is indignant over Royal's return, as he still mistrusts his father. Margot appears indifferent, while Richie is more sympathetic and loving. Royal rmoves into the family house with a large amount of medical equipment (borrowed from a hospital worker who "owed him a favor"). During his stay, he finally meets his grandsons and the three form a tight bond. While Royal attempts to once again relate to his children, he becomes increasingly jealous of Henry Sherman. After a verbal altercation, Henry reveals to the family that Royal is faking his terminal illness (Royal eats greasy foods and swallows Tic Tacs from a prescription bottle). A furious Etheline sends a dejected Royal out of the house. He and Pagoda get a room at the YMCA and take jobs as elevator operators at the hotel Royal was evicted from. Richie is still torn over his love for Margot, and is tormented when her husband Raleigh unveils his suspicions of her infidelity. They hire a private investigator, who uncovers many elements of her past that had been completely unknown: A nine-day marriage in Jamaica, her heavy smoking habit, her escape from boarding school, a lesbian affair in Paris, and numerous lovers in New York including Eli Cash. Raleigh is depressed by the news, but Richie is nearly destroyed. Locking himself in the bathroom, he shaves his head and his beard and slits his wrists. He is found in time for doctors to save him, but the incident shakes the family. Raleigh finally leaves Margot. Richie later escapes the hospital and returns home, finding Margot in his room listening to records. Margot is devastated that she caused Richie so much pain, and admits that she is in love with him as well. Realizing that he only wants happiness for his family, Royal provides his wife with the divorce he had denied her for decades. On Etheline and Henry's wedding day, with family and guests crowding the house and street, Eli crashes his car into the side of the house while heavily dosed with Mescaline. He nearly hits Ari and Uzi, and kills their ever-present pet Beagle. A livid Chas chases Eli through the house, causing more damage and injuries, until they both collapse and admit they need help to move on with their lives. The ceremony temporarily forgotten, the family and wedding party scatter around the house to remedy the damage. Royal buys a Dalmatian from the firefighters called to the scene, and presents it to Chas to replace the deceased Buckley. Chas makes up with his father, and Royal shows sympathy for his son's grief as a widower. Two days later, Etheline and Henry are finally married in judge's chambers. Royal lives happily with his family, particularly with Chas, Ari, and Uzi. At age 68, Royal suffers a fatal heart attack. The family gathers at his funeral, reflecting on the recent past, as Royal is buried under a gravestone featuring a passage describing how he "saved his family from the wreckage of a sinking battleship." 
 Old School (2003)321) Three friends attempt to recapture their glory days by opening up a fraternity near their alma mater. Mitch, Frank and Beanie are disillusioned with their personal lives beginning when Mitch's nymphomanic girlfriend, Heidi, cheats on him, then former party animal Frank gets married, but unwilling to let go of his wild life, and Beanie is a family man seeking to reclaim his wild and crazy youth. Beanie suggests that they form their own fraternity in Mitch's new house on a college campus to re-live their glory days by bringing together a variety of misfit college students, losers, middle-aged and elderly retirees as their new friends and later try to avoid being evicted by the new Dean of Students, Pritchard, whom still holds a personal grudge against all three of them. Matthew Patay Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Attorney Mitch Martin (Luke Wilson) comes back from a business trip early and is shocked to find out that Heidi (Juliette Lewis), his girlfriend, takes part in orgies with a variety of people. She claims it is purely sexual; nevertheless, Mitch does not want to continue the relationship. Mitch encounters his high school crush, Nicole (Ellen Pompeo), at his friend Franks (Will Ferrell) wedding party. He is drunk and does not make a good impression, accidentally spilling hot coffee on her and then trying to drink it off of her dress. After breaking up with his girlfriend, Mitch goes house-hunting. He finds a house located near the campus of his fictional alma mater, Harrison University. Mitchs other best friend Bernard (Vince Vaughn), who owns a chain of electronic stores named "Speaker City", throws a party at Mitch's house and hires Snoop Dogg to play so Mitch can get his mind off his ex-girlfriend. The party, dubbed "Mitch-A-Palooza," is a huge success and puts Mitch and his friends at the top of the college social scene, causing these former college buds to revert back to their frat-boy days.[1] During the party, Frank, who had a reputation as the heavy drinking, hard partying "Frank the Tank" back in college, has his wife under the impression that he's matured and left the part of his life behind. However, he gets drunk and goes streaking through the neighborhood and is found by his new wife and her friends. This strains their marriage. The next morning, Mitch wakes up with Darcie (Elisha Cuthbert) and at first he's a bit concerned but she assures him it was simply casual sex. In the aftermath of the party, the trio meet Dean Pritchard (Jeremy Piven). The Dean is a childhood acquaintance of the three men, but since he was the butt of most of their pranks, his actions throughout the film are rooted in vindictiveness. Pritchard happily informs them that the house is specifically designated for social services and community housing. Therefore, Mitch, Frank, and Bernard must either move out or meet the Dean's criteria in order to keep Mitch's house. For this reason, it is Bernard's idea to start a fraternity that is open to anyone. Although Mitch is initially reluctant to accept the notion of turning his house into a fraternity, he is essentially obliged to agree with the idea. Mitch gets dubbed "the Godfather". He still tries to keep his work life and fraternity life apart. Regardless, he is approached by countless people even at work who want to become members of his fraternity. The fraternity is an outlet for the stress and boredom that is associated with the monotonous nine-to-five lifestyle for many members. Mitch, while in a meeting with his boss, Mr. Goldberg, is visited by Darcie and awkwardly discovers she is his boss' daughter, who happens to be graduating from high school. This stuns Mitch, who awkwardly shakes her hand. To make matters more humiliating, word has already leaked out around the office about Mitch hooking up with Darcie at the party, which he denies ever happened in order to protect his reputation. All does not go well, one of the fraternity members, an elderly man known only as "Blue" dies during his birthday celebration. Frank's wife asks for a divorce at Blue's funeral, forcing heartbroken Frank to live with Mitch in the fraternity. Mitch invites Nicole and her daughter to a birthday party for Bernard's son. However, she shows up with a date, Mark (Craig Kilborn). Mitch later accidentally catches Mark making out with one of the birthday hostesses in the bathroom but doesn't tell Nicole. To cover himself, Mark tells Nicole that he caught Mitch doing the dirty deed. This along with Mitch's secretiveness regarding the fraternity strains his relationship with Nicole, especially after asking her out for coffee and having the chef refuse his money and puts his meal on the house in order to show his support for the fraternity. Nicole becomes even more suspicious when the cook calls him "The Godfather" and to make things even more awkward for Mitch, Darcie and her friend walk by and say hello to Mitch, making Nicole think he is a cradle robber after they reveal they have to go to a prom committee meeting for their high school, leaving Nicole to walk away disgusted. The main obstacle is still Dean Pritchard, and when he claims the group violated an assortment of university policies, the fraternity house is boarded up. He also claims that the students who participated in the non-sanctioned fraternity are subject to expulsion. Nonetheless, Mitch finds out that the group has the right to bypass this legality by completing a series of activities that range from academics and athletics to community service, debate and school spirit. The men are able to complete all of the activities successfully but since the deceased member of the fraternity (Blue) was still on their roster, the groups averages were brought down to 58%. Consequently, Dean Pritchard tells them the universitys decision stands. The Student Council President Megan Huang was bribed by the Dean to revoke the fraternity's charter. Frank is able to obtain a tape that reveals the Dean bribing Megan with admission to Columbia Law School (a promise the Dean happily broke when she confronted him after the school rejects her) since she is head of the student board that approved of the fraternity's campus status. Accordingly, the Deans credibility is destroyed. The front of the newspaper the next day claims that the Dean was fired after a bribery scandal. The fraternitys charter is reinstated and the fraternitys old house is replaced with Dean Pritchards house. Nicole visits Mitch at the old fraternity house to mend their relationship, and it is implied that they get together. Despite Bernard and Mitch withdrawing from the fraternity, Frank maintains his ties and persists with his leadership in the organization. Over the closing credits, Mark drives his car off of a bridge and coincidentally onto ex-Dean Pritchard who was fishing below, prompting the car to explode. As the smoke from the wreckage rises into the air, an image appears of Blue in heaven playing a piano and singing "Dust in the Wind". Next Frank is shown at the college radio station 88.6 playing a song and dedicating it to the "Godfather" (Mitch) thanking him for saving his life. Later at the supermarket Frank is approached by Heidi, inviting him to join her and some other friends the next night. Frank becomes euphoric and punches several boxes of supermarket cereal before kicking a random stranger's cart. 
 Bottle Rocket (1996)Summaries Three friends plan to pull off a simple robbery and go on the run. Upon his release from a mental hospital following a nervous breakdown, the directionless Anthony joins his friend Dignan, who seems far less sane than the former. Dignan has hatched a hare-brained scheme for an as-yet-unspecified crime spree that somehow involves his former boss, the (supposedly) legendary Mr. Henry. With the help of their pathetic neighbor and pal Bob, Anthony and Dignan pull a job and hit the road, where Anthony finds love with motel maid Inez. When our boys finally hook up with Mr. Henry, the ensuing escapade turns out to be far from what anyone expected. Marty Cassady <martyc@bev.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 