nm0007770:

 The Midwife's Tale (1995)Summaries The daughter of a lesbian couple seeks a tale about a "knightess". One of her mothers tells her a story of a Lady and a midwife who fall in love. A mom who's had to work an extra shift gets home to find her daughter, a girl of about eight or nine, waiting for a story about a knightess. She tells a 14th- or 15th-century tale of Lady Eleanor. The church, with the tacit approval of Eleanor's husband, William, is cracking down on folk festivities and on the curative work of an aging midwife. Eleanor, with a new-found friend and servant woman, Gwenyth, who is the midwife's understudy, tries to save the woman from execution. Suspicion falls on the young women, and Gwenyth is in danger. Eleanor also finds herself pregnant, but fears childbirth and the life that awaits her baby. Does Eleanor have any choices? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Brain Drain (1994)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Time Barbarians (1991)Summaries A medieval warrior chases a bad guy to modern day Los Angeles to avenge the death of his wife. A warrior king has swordfights with ugly savages that crouch around the forest and snarl a lot. An evil bad guy, bent on doing evil things, kills his wife and flees to modern day Los Angeles. The warrior chases after him to avenge his wife's death. Samuel Stoddard <sam@rinkworks.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 From the Office (1992)Summaries A dark comedy in which an utterly random event reveals the most inhuman aspects of life in a bureaucratic system. A strange substance flies in from nowhere and lands on an unwitting Administrative Analyst, who is slowly consumed. Much paper-filing and bumbling ensues. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 