nm0009351:

 Big Family (20012014)Summaries Sitcom about a dysfunctional but loving average Brazilian family. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 City of Men (2007)Summaries Best buddies Acerola and Laranjinha, about to turn 18, discover things about their missing fathers' pasts which will shatter their solid friendship, in the middle of a war between rival drug gangs from Rio's favelas. In the slum in Morro da Sinuca, a couple of days before turning eighteen year-old, Laranjinha tells his best friend and also orphan Acerola that he misses his unknown father. Acerola decides to help his needy friend to find his father and they discover that he is in prison convicted for killing a man during a robbery and near to be released on parole. Meanwhile, Acerola's wife and babysitter Cris is invited to work in So Paulo and she sees the chance to raise money to buy a house of her own; she tells Acerola that he must take care of their son Clayton alone for one year. When the owner of the hill and Laranjinha's cousin Madrugado is betrayed by his right-hand Nefasto, he is expelled from the slum and Laranjinha and Acerola have also to leave the hill. While Madrugado plots a plan to invade and recover the hill with the support of the gang of the drug lord from Morro do Careca, Acerola and Laranjinha unravel the past of their fathers. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Miramar (1997)Summaries Story with some autobiographical touches taken from director's life. Miramar is a teenager raised by his parents to be an artist. But a tragedy occurs in his life: both his parents commit suicide. He then discovers the movies, and dreams of being a director. lukejoplin@infolink.com.br It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Slaps & Kisses (20112015)Summaries Ftima and Sueli are good friends. Both independent and single, the two share an apartment in Mier, a district in the suburbs of Rio de Janeiro, and work in a shop that rents and sells bridal gowns for wedding ceremonies in Copacabana, Djalma Brides. Every day they deal with the dreams of many women, also hoping to find their own Prince Charmings, but the task isn't easy; after all, their love lives are surrounded by confusion. Guilherme O. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 