nm0008288:

 Marah-Marah Sayang (1987)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hanya aku cinta kau seorang (2012)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pagar-Pagar Cinta (1986)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 KL Special Force (2018)Summaries Tells a story about a group of special police unit force lead by Roslan, who has been trying to bring down a robbery gang lead by a guy named Asyraff. Tells a story about a group of special police unit force lead by Roslan who has been trying to bring down a robbery gang lead by a guy named Asyraff. The gang is called 'Gang Anarchist' and known for their smart plans and tactics in bank robberies to confuse the police. In the same time a young policeman named Zul has been recruited into the special force team. The situation becomes more complicated when Asyraff, the gang leader stared to manipulate the minds of both Roslan and Zul. At the same time, Roslan is facing a problem in his marriage as he finds difficulties in balancing family and work. Zul is having the same problem with fianc who happens to be daughter of the owner of Damofa Bank, which is the main target by the gang robbers. A dark secret will be revealed when they are on the move for the next heist? Will the special unit force be able to bring down the Asyraff? Everything will be revealed in the action-packed movie "KL Special Force" It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 