nm0000351:

 Survive the Game (2021)Summaries A man's life on his farm is interrupted when a cop and a pair of dangerous criminals show up. A cop (David) gets injured during a drug bust gone wrong. His partner Cal, pursues the two culprits to a remote farm owned by Eric, a distressed veteran. As Cal and Eric plan their defense, more of the mob arrives. Outnumbered, the three men must now use their brains and experience to take down the drug-dealing mob. Frank Liesenborgs It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 9-1-1 (2018 )Summaries Explores the high-pressure experiences of the first responders who are thrust into the most frightening, shocking and heart-stopping situations. Explores the high-pressure experiences of police, paramedics and firefighters who are thrust into the most frightening, shocking and heart-stopping situations. They must try to balance saving people with solving problems in their own lives. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Roadies (2016)Summaries A road crew helps with a rock band's major multi-city tour. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Frank and Penelope (2022)Summaries A tale of love and violence when a man on his emotional last legs finds a savior seductively dancing in a run-down strip club. And a life most certainly headed off a cliff suddenly becomes redirected - as EVERYTHING is now worth dying for. In the spirit of THELMA and LOUISE and TRUE ROMANCE comes FRANK and PENELOPE, a once in a lifetime love story that stretches across the scorching east Texas blacktop when a man, Frank, on his emotional last legs finds his savior and soulmate, Penelope, seductively dancing on a wobbly brass pole in a run-down strip club. And, a life most certainly headed off a cliff is redirected by the type of love that most call mad. But, unwinding each other's troubled life threads creates knots that threaten to strangle the place where all the veins meet when they sit down at a charismatic, sin-eating cult leader's truth table and unpack each other's cluttered closets. And, deciding what to run from and what to run to becomes a bloody battle between life and love in their newfound world in which EVERYTHING is now worth dying for. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 