nm0003985:

 Now You See Me (I) (2013)651) An F.B.I. Agent and an Interpol Detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances, and reward their audiences with the money. Four magicians each answer a mysterious summons to an obscure address with secrets inside. A year later, they are the Four Horsemen, big time stage illusionists who climax their sold-out Las Vegas show with a bank apparently robbed for real. This puts F.B.I. Agents Dylan Rhodes and Interpol Agent Alma Dray on the case to find out how they did it. However, this mystery proves to be difficult to solve, even with the insights of professional illusion exposer Thaddeus Bradley. What follows is a bizarre investigation where nothing is what it seems to be, with illusions, dark secrets, and hidden agendas galore as all involved are reminded of a great truth in this puzzle: the closer you look, the less you see. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Small-time magicians Daniel Atlas, Merritt McKinney, Henley Reeves, and Jack Wilder are invited to attend a meeting in a weird apartment. One year later, they reappear as The Four Horsemen in a show in Las Vegas sponsored by the millionaire Arthur Tressler, and they heist a bank in Paris from the stage, and distribute the money to the audience. F.B.I. Agent Dylan Rhodes is assigned to the case and Interpol sends agent Alma Dray to be his partner. Dylan and Alma are completely lost in the investigation, and exposer of illusionists Thaddeus Bradley gives hints about illusion. When the Four Horsemen steal the bank account of Arthur Tressler during a show in New Orleans, Dylan and Alma believe that these heists are only a distraction for a huge scheme, but they are never sure about of what is true, and what is illusion. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Four down-on-their-luck magicians are brought together by an anonymous person who gives them the blueprints to a great illusion. A year later, they call themselves "The Four Horsemen", and the finale of their show is that they will rob a bank. The bank they choose to rob is in France, and they do it. The incident is brought to the attention of the F.B.I., so they assign Agent Dylan Rhodes to investigate. Alma Vargas, an Interpol Agent comes to help Rhodes, which he doesn't like. They turn to Thaddeus Bradley, a former magician, who exposes magic as simple trickery. Bradley shows them how they did it, but still not enough to give Rhodes grounds to arrest them. So they follow them and they pull another stunt, which makes Rhodes think that they're part of a plot to get back at certain people. rcs0411@yahoo.com A team of talented illusionists called "The Four Horsemen" (Jesse Eisenberg, Woody Harrelson, Isla Fisher, and Dave Franco) are investigated by a resolute F.B.I. Agent (Mark Ruffalo) following a series of brazen heists that leave their audiences swimming in cash while draining the bulging bank accounts of unscrupulous business leaders. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. We open with J. Daniel Atlas (Jesse Eisenberg) demonstrating a card trick to us, as he explains, "Come in close. Closer. Because the more you think you see, the easier it will be to fool you. Because what is seeing? You're looking but what you're really doing is filtering, interpreting, searching for meaning. My job: to take that most precious of gifts you give me - your attention - and use it against you." Chicago, Monday: Daniel is a street performer in Chicago. He is shown doing a card trick to an attractive young girl. The seemingly typical card tricks climax in the side of the John Hancock Center somehow reflecting his card. The performance is being watched by a mysterious hooded man whose face is never seen. Afterwards, the attractive girl, who turns out to be a big fan of Daniel, charms him into taking her to his apartment for sex. Before they can begin, though, he is distracted by the discovery of a "Lovers" tarot card. On one side of the card is the text "March 29th; 4:44 PM, 45 East Evan Street, NY, NY." New Orleans, Tuesday: At a restaurant, we meet Merritt McKinney (Woody Harrelson), a street mentalist and hypnotist. He demonstrates his act on a married couple. First, he hypnotizes the wife so she can't speak or move, while he gets under the brain of husband, and through his mind reading exposes the man as an adulterer who is sleeping with his wife's sister. Merritt then fleeces the man out of $250 before hypnotizing them into "forgetting" the matter. While he's packing up his posters, he finds a "Hermit" tarot card. New York, Wednesday: On a New York City ferry boat, we meet Jack Wilder (Dave Franco), a street con artist and magician who lures in customers by betting them money if they can figure out how he bends a spoon with his mind. One correctly guesses it, and Wilder successfully pays him, only to pickpocket the guesser's wallet. He then flees, bumping into the mystery hooded man, who slips a "Death" tarot card into Wilder's coat pocket. Los Angeles, Thursday: At a theatre downtown, Henley Reeves (Isla Fisher) is a trained stage performer. She finishes off her act with a water tank escape act in which she seemingly is eaten alive by flesh-eating piranhas, only to emerge alive and well in the middle of the crowd seconds after the water turns a bloody red. As she packs up her supplies, she finds a "High Priestess" tarot card floating in the tank. The four street performers each travel to New York City, arriving at a rundown apartment on the Lower East Side. Daniel and Henley are surprised when they see each other, as Henley is Daniel's former personal assistant, and Merritt is able to mind-read that they used to date. While Merritt and Henley complain about Daniel's controlling personality, Jack arrives date and introduces himself as Daniel's fan. He is able to pick the lock of the apartment they have been invited to, but no one is inside. Instead they discover the blueprints of some amazing machinery that they know could help propel them to stardom. Las Vegas, One Year Later: One year later, the four magicians have declared themselves an official troupe known as "The Four Horsemen" and are now sponsored by insurance magnate Arthur Tressler (Michael Caine). They are performing onstage at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. For their final trick, they declare that they are going to do something that has never been done before on any magic stage: they are going to rob a bank. The crowd is very enthusiastic, and there are a large number of volunteers who seem to have a vendetta, so Daniel declares that they are going to select a volunteer at random. Merritt, Henley and Wilder go around with bowls of ping pong balls to allow the audience to make the selection. Wilder tosses Daniel a ping pong ball with a letter B, which tells them which section to choose a volunteer from. Merritt then tosses a '5' ball, to give them a row to choose from, and lastly, Henley tosses a '13' ball, and the man seated in seat B513, a Frenchman named Etienne Forcier (Jose Garcia), stands up. Etienne says on the mike that his bank is the Credit Republican de Paris. While Etienne is making his way to the stage, Daniel takes the time to point Tressler out in the crowd and express the Horsemen's gratitude towards him for sponsoring them. On stage, Etienne is briefed by Merritt, while Wilder fits him out with a teleportation helmet. Daniel then hands Etienne a set of playing cards, and has him pick a card at random. He then has Etienne sign his name in English on the card he chose (a red two of hearts). The troupe now conjures a teleporter in the middle of the stage. They have Etienne climb onto the platform. Merritt reminds Etienne that it's 11:50 PM now in Las Vegas and 8:50 AM in Paris, so his bank will be opening in about ten minutes. They then activate the teleporter, and Etienne seemingly is successfully teleported off the stage. In Paris, at the exact same moment, to be precise, Etienne stands up in the vault of his bank. Video cameras built into the helmet and a microphone allow him to communicate with the Las Vegas stage. He sees a big pile of money in the middle of the room, approximately three million euros worth. Daniel instructs Etienne to put the card he just signed on the floor in the middle of the money pile, along with his ticket stub from the performance. He then tells Etienne to push a button on the side of his helmet. The button activates an air duct that vacuums up the entire pile of money. Moments later, bank employees arriving for work at that bank open the vault and discover the safe is indeed empty, with only the card and ticket stub on the floor. Meanwhile, their money is being showered on the Las Vegas crowd. FBI agent Dylan Rhodes (Mark Ruffalo) is called to investigate the theft and is partnered with Interpol Agent Alma Dray (Mlanie Laurent). Alma has already deemed interrogation useless, but Dylan decides to do the interviews himself. Etienne insists on his innocence and sincerely believes he was transported to France, but it is soon discovered he had been hypnotized, after Etienne suddenly acts like he's in a philharmonic orchestra upon hearing Dylan say the word "Bullshit". They interrogate the Four Horsemen next, Jack is at ease enough to sleep, while a bored Henley "magically" makes her opposite chair spin. Merritt turns the interview against them, pointing out the secrets that Alma is hiding and how Dylan has abandonment issues, likely because of his father (important later in the film). Daniel's interview creates the most tension, as he taunts Dylan with the fact that the police have no proof and that the Four Horsemen will always be ahead. Unable to arrest them when the only explanation they have for the theft is "magic", the police are forced to release their suspects. While Dylan stews over this, an officer runs up to him and eagerly tells him that one of the audience members was Thaddeus Bradley (Morgan Freeman)--an ex-magician who makes money by revealing the secrets behind other magicians' tricks, Thaddeus had actually recorded the show and figured out how the heist was done. He takes the police back to the stage, where he puts Dylan through the volunteer audience member's position and explains how the man was "transported" to Paris. The Four Horsemen stole the money weeks before, and manipulated the audience into believing it happened in real time. The "French" bank vault to which Etienne was apparently transported was a duplicate beneath the stage: he merely dropped through a trapdoor. And Etienne himself was not chosen at random: the magicians had palmed ping pong balls with his seat number which they exchanged for the ones picked from the bowls. This was only the start, as Thaddeus knew there was more coming and warns Dylan to be prepared for the magicians' next performance in New Orleans. Dylan asks Thaddeus to help the police arrest the four, but Thaddeus refuses and leaves. As Thaddeus prepares for his next video, Arthur Tressler approaches and tries to bribe him into staying out of the Four Horsemen's rise to fame. Again Thaddeus refuses, and Arthur threatens to bring the ex-magician to ruin. Arthur's demonstration of the threat however has Thaddeus warning him instead to be careful as it may be Arthur who will be ruined. The press is soon reporting the sold out show for the Four Horsemen's debut in New Orleans. Perhaps made aware of Thaddeus's presence, the magicians demonstrate the secret of the common disappearing rabbit trick. They then move to original stunts, including soap bubbles strong enough to send Henley flying through the air and Merritt hypnotizing twelve ordinary people to believe they are football players ready to tackle the quarterback upon hearing the command "freeze". For the finale they invite Arthur on stage and empty his bank account, distributing it to the audience that comprises people whose insurance claims had been denied or reduced by his company. The excited yells from audience members receiving alerts from their banks about the deposit draws chaos. Arthur tries to go after the magicians, only to find himself chained to the stage. Dylan runs up the stage to arrest the Four Horsemen and shouts "freeze!"--they then escape with help from the hypnotized "football player" audience members. The police chase the magicians through the streets but are ultimately tricked. Only Alma comes close as she manages to corner Daniel with her gun, but seeing him unarmed and frightened causes her to hesitate, allowing Daniel to escape. Although Dylan blames her for letting Daniel go, Dylan knows Alma was probably the only person not fooled by the Four Horsemen into running in the wrong direction. Finally more receptive to her opinions, Alma tells him about the rumors of a magicians' secret society called "The Eye". They were a group of magicians similar to Robin Hood; stealing from the rich, giving to the poor, often dependent on illusions and great leaps of faith or even blind obedience. Dylan is skeptical, but then Alma starts drawing comparisons to a particular magician, one who Thaddeus exposed. That man was so humiliated he attempted a complex underwater stunt that went awry, yet a body was never found. The heists might have been a mere distraction in the bigger picture, something that Thaddeus understands when an infuriated Tressler speaks to him. Arthur hires Thaddeus to expose and humiliate the Four Horsemen in their next performance. Things are tense before the Four Horsemen's last performance in New York City. They are still following instructions from their mysterious benefactor, but worried that after everything is accomplished their benefactor will abandon them to the police. As the youngest, Jack is most panicked and the others order him to follow the plan. The police arrive and surround the building--Jack is left alone to destroy all remaining evidence, but Dylan and his partner discover his hideout. What evidence he couldn't burn Jack grabs and tries to flee, but Dylan and his partner are in hot pursuit. The magician attempts to escape in a stolen car, and the car chase is broadcast live before Jack loses control of the vehicle. When the car flips and skids to a halt Dylan tries to get him out, but can only take the evidence before the car explodes in flames. The remaining three of the Four Horsemen post an online video mourning Jack's loss but resolve to continue their final act in New York. From the papers Jack had tried to destroy, Dylan and Alma learn that the Four Horsemen are targeting a particular safe which is under the surveillance of another FBI team. Alma has no jurisdiction, and with the Four Horsemen's consistent ability to outwit Dylan, another FBI team leader takes over the case. The team rush to where the safe is stored, only to find the room empty. As it turns out, another FBI agent had been hypnotized to give instructions for the safe to be transported. The team escort the safe to the destination, only to meet up with Thaddeus. Thaddeus tells them to check the safe. Inside the safe they find only balloons, the Four Horsemen have outsmarted them again. By now, Dylan is convinced there is a fifth member of the team, potentially Alma or Thaddeus. "5 Pointz" is where the final performance is to be held. Dylan once again attempt to arrest the Four Horsemen but the three escape by using holograms, dummies, and even jumping off a rooftop. Money again rains from the sky into the cheering crowd, but it turns out the money is fake. Knowing that the story of the Four Horsemen is now over, Dylan resigns himself to let it go and explore his feelings for Alma instead. Meanwhile, Thaddeus returns to his car, only to discover it is filled with the real money from the stolen safe. The FBI show up and arrest Thaddeus for being part of the plan. In prison, Thaddeus tells Dylan that he was framed. He explains how the Four Horsemen performed the safe heist through the use of mirrors and then faking Jack's death with a duplicate "standard issue" FBI car, but can't figure out how they managed to set everything up by themselves. He realizes then that there was a fifth horsemen and it was not him or Alma but Dylan. Dylan was the mastermind of the entire plot, though Thaddeus is unable to determine why. Dylan tells Thaddeus he wants him imprisoned in the bars forever, trying to figure out why. He leaves to reunite with the Four Horsemen, who are stunned to learn that he is the mysterious benefactor who brought them together. He initiates them into "The Eye". Back in France, Alma finds an old newspaper article slipped in her current paper. The article is about the magician who attempted the underwater trick and drowned, leaving his family penniless. Dylan appears and confesses that he is the son of the drowned magician. He designed the Horsemen plot to obtain revenge on those involved: Thaddeus, for humiliating his father; the bank in Paris and Tressler's company, which refused to pay insurance on his father's death; and the safe-producing company that produced the safe used in his father's trick and the Horsemen's final act. The company may have made good bank safes, but for the safe Dylan's father used they used an inferior quality of metal, causing it to warp and contributing to his death. Dylan was living in poverty until The Eye recruited him. He admits that he had planned everything, but did not plan on meeting and falling in love with Alma. Although she briefly considers turning Dylan in, ultimately she chooses not to. 
 Limitless (I) (2011)541) With the help of a mysterious pill that enables the user to access 100% of his brain's abilities, a struggling writer becomes a financial wizard, but it also puts him in a new world with many dangers. An action-thriller about a writer who takes an experimental drug that allows him to use 100% of his mind. As one man evolves into the perfect version of himself, forces more corrupt than he can imagine mark him for assassination. Out-of-work writer Eddie Morra's (Cooper) rejection by girlfriend Lindy (Abbie Cornish) confirms his belief that he has zero future. That all vanishes the day an old friend introduces Eddie to NZT, a designer pharmaceutical that makes him laser-focused and more confident than any man alive. Now on an NZT-fueled odyssey, everything Eddie's read, heard or seen is instantly organized and available to him. As the former nobody rises to the top of the financial world, he draws the attention of business mogul Carl Van Loon (De Niro), who sees this enhanced version of Eddie as the tool to make billions, but brutal side effects jeopardize his meteoric ascent. With a dwindling stash and hit men who will eliminate him to get the NZT, Eddie must stay wired long enough to elude capture and fulfill his destiny. If he can't, he will become just another victim who thought he'd found invincibility in a bottle. Relativity Media Aspiring writer Eddie Morra is a loser at work and romance. Recently dumped by girlfriend Lindy, he heads back home when he meets his former brother-in-law, Vernon. Vernon gives him an experimental drug called NZT to increase his creativity. Eddie finds the results more than impressive and decides to seek out Vernon to ask for more pills, but a visit to Vernon's house leads to a dead body. Eddie dutifully calls the police but pockets the NZT he finds hidden in a stove with a large amount of money. Eddie uses the drug and successfully invests Vernon's money, unfortunately raising the attention of a Russian criminal named Gennady. He borrows $100,000 from Gennady who, in turn, takes an NZT pill. Meanwhile, powerful investor Carl Van Loon brings Eddie aboard his team in a merging operation, but a ruthless stranger stalks Eddie, and Gennady threatens his life to gain more NZT. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Struggling author Eddie Morra suffers from persistent writer's block, but his life changes abruptly when an old acquaintance introduces him to NZT, a revolutionary new pharmaceutical which will allow him to fully utilize his brain's abilities. With this enhanced mental acuity, Eddie soon realizes that the possibilities of what he can accomplish are unbounded. Kyle Perez Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Eddie Morra (Bradley Cooper) is a disheveled unemployed writer. He has a contract to write a book but is more talk than action. He has writer's block. At lunch with his girl Lindy (Abby Cornish), she gives him his keys back and breaks up, frustrated with his lack of career progress while she has recently been promoted to editor. Walking morosely down a New York street, he bumps into his ex-brother in law, Vernon (Johnny Whitworth), whom he hasn't seen for nine years. Vernon is friendly and invites Eddie for a drink. They talk about Melissa (Eddie's first ex), who is living upstate. Eddie confesses he is behind schedule on the book. Vern, currently consulting with a pharmaceutical company, passes Eddie a new brain drug set for market release next year. Vern has to go but leaves his business card. Eddie takes the translucent pill on his way home. In the stairwell he bumps into the landlord's wife, where she rails him about late rent and lack of career. The drug begins to take effect, and Eddie notices things with clarity. He starts talking to the woman confidently about legal studies and, a short time later, they write her law school paper together then have sex. Back in his slovenly apartment, Eddie notices the mess and quickly cleans up . He then gets on his laptop and starts writing. The words fly. The next morning he is back to normal but he has several hundred pages of his book printed out. He takes them to his editor, who eyes them warily. At his apartment, he checks his voicemail. The editor is anxious to talk. She has read forty pages and is impressed. Eddie goes to visit Vernon. Vern's face is bloodied but won't say what happened, but he explains the drug is called NZT48 and asks Eddie to pick up his dry cleaning and some food. (For another pill, Eddie will do anything.) On return, the door is ajar, Vern is on the sofa, dead, and the apartment ransacked. Eddie, stunned and scared, settles down and calls 911. Waiting for the cops to arrive, he searches for the NZT48 stash and finds a plastic baggie full of the pills inside the oven, along with a wad of cash and an address book. He hides these from the cops, who eventually release him after a short interview. At the police station, he has a telecon with Melissa, his ex-wife, who doesn't want to see him. Back at home he takes another pill and gets a haircut, new clothes and motivation to finish the book in four days. He learns piano, cards, fitness, new languages, and talks like a know-it-all about everything to new friends. One of his listeners, stock broker Kevin Doyle (Darren Goldstein), gives him his business card. Thereafter, Eddie is invited to a jet-set beach party down south. He zooms around with a babe and a Maserati, then shows off by cliff diving from over 100 feet (revealing that a side-effect of NZT is to move ever forward, no holding back). He has an epiphany on what to do for the rest of his life but realizes he needs lots of money to do it. He slowly starts day trading but needs more capital quickly. A cafe owner sets him up with a Russian loan shark, Gennady (Andrew Howard). The Russian hands him $100,000 but threatens to skin him alive if he doesn't pay it back. Now Eddie stock trades in earnest and rapidly increases his brokerage account to $2M. Job offers and reporters call. Kevin Doyle offers a meeting with elite entrepreneur Carl Van Loon. At dinner, Lindy is impressed with the new Eddie. They re-connect. Eddie's photo appears in the paper as a "mystery trader." A man in a tan coat (Tomas Arana) seems to be spying on them. At night Eddie is nervous, sensing something. Eddie meets corporate raider Carl Van Loon (Robert De Niro) in a restaurant. He jokingly claims "medication" as his secret then expounds on his knowledge and hints at a formula based on mass psychology. In a limo Carl tests Eddie by asking him to review a file of different companies. Eddie gleans there is a major merger in the works. Carl dropped off Eddie in Chinatown and invites him the next day for another meeting. Walking, Eddie loses track of time (an emerging side-effect of NZT). Among disjointed events, he recalls Bruce Lee movies to help him battle a gang of muggers in a subway station. He then ends up in a bar and meets new friends and shags a blonde woman. Eighteen hours later he finds himself back to normal, limping but without memory of recent events. His can of NZT 48 is nearly empty and he can't decipher the corporate files anymore. He calls to beg off the meeting with Carl but Kevin convinces him to attend. Carl asks him about Hank Attwood, a corporate rival who came from nowhere to prominence two years ago, but on the TV Eddie notices a news item about the murder of a blonde woman in a hotel the previous day. He excuses himself and vomits outside, fearing he may have killed the girl during his blackout. Fearful of NZT's side-effects before taking another pill, Eddie tries to find Vernon's other clients to understand more, but each phone call is a dead end (with users either dead or hospitalized). The next call he makes coincidentally rings the phone of the tan-coat tough guy sitting on the other side of a parkette. Eddie realizes the connection first and makes an escape. He meets his ex-wife Melissa (Anna Friel) in a cafe. She is a strung out junkie who admits she took NZT, too, but stopped taking it when she realized no one could operate at that level of mental activity without bad consequences, then found out from Vernon that other users had died. Now off of it for two years, she cannot concentrate for more than ten minutes and her life is a mess. She urges him to taper off slowly as cold turkey kills. She walks away with a pronounced limp. Russian loan shark Gennady finds Eddie and demands his money. In rousting Eddie he spots a dropped NZT pill and takes it. He feels good and, after getting his $100k back, lets Eddie go. Eddie, sick and bedraggled, staggers into Lindy's office. He tells her everything, admits he needs the drugs, and admits hiding his main stash in her house. Leaving Eddie collapsed on the floor of her office, she recovers the plastic bag herself, but in the taxi coming back, the man in the tan coat from the parkette attacks . He viciously kills two bystanders that try to help her as she runs off and hides in Central Park. She phones Eddie, who encourages her to take one of the pills. Under its influence, Lindy escapes by using a ice-skating girl as a weapon (gashing the face of the tan coat man). Eddie and Lindy sleep together, but in the morning she dresses and is somber. She wants nothing more to do with NZT; Eddie says he needs more time with it to set things up. Lindy leaves him. Once again Gennady meets Eddie, this time wanting more pills. Afterwards, Eddie hires two bodyguards. He meets Carl again, looking and acting sharp, and is put in charge of brokering the largest corporate takeover in history. Eddie has figured out the proper dosage to take, remembering to eat and sidestep alcohol to avoid blackouts. He orders up tailored suit with imperceptible compartments (to hide his pills) and hires a chemist to reverse-engineer the NZT pills in a short six months. At a restaurant business lunch, he recognizes a police detective from Vernon's death investigation watching him. The cop shows Eddie the photo of him in the newspaper, which identified him as being at the hotel of the murdered blonde. Eddie hires good "lethal" lawyer Morris Brandt, who gets him off against weak circumstantial evidence. Meanwhile the merger goes on and nears its conclusion. Eddie reveals plans to move on but Carl wants him to stay, acknowledging Eddie's freak ability (throwing it around like a trust-fund baby) while pointing out he hasn't paid his dues through competition to know how to assess his competition. Finding his hotel room raided, Eddie buys an $8.5M secure condo "fortress." On the street, he meets the Russian again, who wants twenty pills, or else. As he's about to receive $40M from the Attwood merger, Eddie is confident he'll have enough money to deal with Gennady. At the office, though, Hank Atwood is a no-show. Carl and Eddie meet Hank Attwood's wife, who tells them Hank is in the hospital. The deal will close when he gets better. On the street he notices Mrs. Attwood's scarred limo driver - the man with the tan coat - and realizes Attwood must be an NZT user as well, who won't get better because he's run out of NZT. For now, Eddie must go to the police station and stand in an ID lineup, but his lawyer, Morris Brandt, gets him released. At the office, Carl is upset. Attwood is in a coma and Carl wants to know where Eddie has been, thinking Eddie knows what is going on and suspecting betrayal. In the washroom Eddie discovers his pills are missing (stolen). A box arrives addressed to him, Eddie grabs the box and exits, leaving a fuming Van Loon behind. Inside the box, the severed hands of his two bodyguards. At the condo Eddie watches TV and sees Mrs. Attwood and her lawyer, who's also his lawyer, Morris Brandt. As he realizes that's where his hidden pills went, he sees the Russians coming for him from the security cameras, who assault his steel door with a chainsaw. Eddie goes to the balcony edge, ready to kill himself rather than succumb to their undoubtedly painful torture. He suddenly remembers where one last NZT pill is and tries to retrieve it but loses it as the Russians break in. Gennady shoots up his own last pill (converted into an injectable form) and begins to prepare Eddie for the slow painful torture he's about to experience. With one final thrust, Eddie manages to turn the tables and kill Gennady. The other two Russian thugs, having been busy cracking Eddie's safe with drills, return to the room. Eddie manages to fight them off after lapping up Gennady's NZT-enriched blood, blinding one before killing both in self-defense. At the hospital Hank Attwood dies. Eddie realizes that, though Brandt stole his pills, he did not give them to Mr. Attwood. Eddie meets the man with the tan coat in the waiting room, who, now that his boss is dead, aids Eddie's search through Brandt's safe, where he finds his pills packet while the tan-coat man watches over Brandt, tied and gagged on the floor. Twelve months later, Eddie's book is published, and he's running for the U.S. Senate (NY). He gets a surprise visit from Carl in his campaign office. Though warm at first, Carl hints that he knows how Eddie has done it and has, subsequently, shut down his NZT lab. Carl will guarantee a limitless supply in return for some future inside information. Eddie aggressively comes back. Showing off his abilities, he says he is off NZT and doesn't need it (having become permanently enhanced) and pushes Carl away. At an upscale Chinese restaurant Eddie and Lindy are together again. He orders his food in fluent Chinese then notices Lindy's bemused stare. "What?" he asks with feigned humility. 
 Birth (2004)Summaries A young boy attempts to convince a woman that he is her dead husband reborn. Anna is a young widow who is finally getting on with her life after the death of her husband, Sean. Now engaged to be married, Anna meets a ten-year-old boy who tells her he is Sean reincarnated. Though his story is both unsettling and absurd, Anna can't get the boy out of her mind. And much to the concern of her fianc, her increased contact with him leads her to question the choices she has made in her life. Sujit R. Varma In New York, the widow Anna decides to get married to her fianc Joseph after having grieved the death of her beloved husband Sean for ten years. A ten year old boy comes to Anna's mother birthday celebration and claims to be the reincarnation of Sean, and Anna believes in him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pride and Glory (2008)431) A family's moral codes are tested when Ray Tierney investigates a case that reveals an incendiary police corruption scandal involving his own brother-in-law. For Ray, the truth is revelatory, a Pandora's Box that threatens to upend not only the Tierney legacy but the entire NYPD. A family of police officers - patriarch, two sons, and a son-in-law - deals with corruption in a precinct in Washington Heights. Four officers die in an ambush at a drug dealer's apartment. It's brother Francis's precinct, so when the investigation led by brother Ray finds hints of police corruption, there's pressure to close ranks and save Frankie's career. Dad, a police brass, promises Ray that he and Frankie can clean things up, and Ray should focus on catching the drug dealer who killed the cops. Meanwhile, brother-in-law Jimmy, a hothead and an enforcer, is visited at home by a lowlife. Is Jimmy involved in the corruption? Where can this take the family? <jhailey@hotmail.com> The Tierney family is comprised of many men who work for the NYPD: Francis Tierney Sr. is an Assistant Chief, his oldest son "Franny" Tierney Jr. is the commanding officer of the 31st Precinct in Washington Heights, his younger son Ray Tierney is a detective who moved to what is seen as a cushy desk job in Missing Persons after an "incident" in the field a few years ago, and his son-in-law Jimmy Egan is a sergeant, a beat cop out of Franny's precinct. They are going through some family issues either affecting or having been affected by their police work. Francis drinks to excess. Franny's wife Abby suffers from cancer, supporting her and their children being Franny's unspoken first priority. And Ray is at the tail end of a divorce from Tasha, as she saw the marriage and the police work not being compatible. A 911 call reporting shots fired in the neighborhood leads to four of Franny's officers being shot to death. Despite Ray not having recovered emotionally from the incident that led to him taking that desk job, Francis pressures Ray into applying for the task force that would be investigating the officers' deaths, this job which Francis sees as a first step in Ray regaining his and thus the family's name in getting a more substantial job within the force. As Ray proceeds with the investigation, he comes across some information which has the potential to tear the family apart as the truth may not jive with the outlook of the four Tierney men, each who works on different motivations, some of those motivations being self-preservation especially as it relates to the unspoken brotherhood both of being family members and cops. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Opens with a Football game where the NYPD are playing. Jimmy Egan ( Colin Farrell ) is the main player and gets the word from the coach to do everything to keep their lead - they are up 14-10. He tells the team he believes in them all and they can do it. Ray Tierney ( Edward Norton ) sits by Megan Egan ( Lake Bell ) and watches the game with Francis Tierney Jr ( Noah Emmerich ), his brother. They win and there is cheering all around, but Francis Jr. gets a call that a bunch of men from his Division (Francis is the CO) got killed, four officers down. Francis Jr. and Ray run to the scene and in a shabby apartment there are bodies everywhere. By the door, by the window, everything is a mess. An officer is taken out of the apartment on a stretcher as Jimmy runs in from the football game and looks at all the dead cops and starts getting angry and then locks himself into a bathroom, crying and breaking the mirror. He's very, very upset. Francis Sr. ( Jon Voight ) is at the scene as well, being some bigshot in the department (although it's not 100% clear what is role is) and makes orders all around. In the hospital, Ray and Jimmy are sitting there and the officer who was taken in dies. You can hear the wailing of the wife. It was a friend of everyone, it appears. Ray goes into the bathroom and starts popping some prescription pills. Francis Sr. (his father) comes in and looks at his son and tells him he should apply to be on the task force to investigate the murders of the men. Ray mentions he isn't ready and his father disagrees, saying the dead man would have done it for him, why wouldn't he do it. Ray tries to demur again citing an old incident making him go into missing person's division, but his father will have none of it and in the end strongarms him into joining the task force. Cut to the alley where everything happened. Ray and a fellow task force officer look up the window and know whoever the shooter was, got shot and then ran out. They follow the blood and it stops, so the guy must have gotten into a car, but they don't know anything more. They find a cell phone in the snow. They have gotten some handouts of six prime suspects. An officer comes over and asks if anyone speaks Spanish because they have a kid who might have seen something. Ray says he speaks some and they go into a small convenience store where a man is yelling things in Spanish (note, most Spanish is not subtitled in the movie.) Ray tells him to calm down and get out of his face and gets the wife to take him to the kid. The kid is sleeping on a couch and is woken up when Ray comes in. Ray asks him some questions and they find out from the kid that the shooter was bleeding from his stomach, he looks scared and when he is shown the pictures, they find out his name is Angel Tezo ( Ramon Rodriguez ) When Ray asks what color the car was, they are told it was a white, four door car, a cab car, but not a yellow one. Cut to the car, it's abandoned in some green, non-industrial area. Jimmy, Kenny ( Shea Whigham ), Sandy ( John Ortiz ) and Eddie ( Frank Grillo ) are all checking out the car. Apparently this was a deal gone very bad. They were trying to kill Tezo and get some money, but everything went bad and Tezo got away, killed their people and took the money. And he killed the driver. They set out to find and kill Tezo because he can finger all of them and he knows they are out to kill him. They talk about drugs, payoff money and hits - obviously dirty cops. First, they torch the car and everything inside it. Cut to Tezo getting a doctor to sew up his gut wound in some safehouse while some of his cronies count up the money. Tezo obviously has a temper and yells at the doctor a lot. When the doctor is done, they hand him some money, but Tezo's girl hands Tezo a potato and Tezo puts it on his gun and while kissing her, shoots the doctor using the potato as a silencer. Ray is sitting on his houseboat, looking at the crime scene photos and sees something strange in a photo. One of the men who was killed didn't have bootlaces or a belt on, so why were they there? He makes some calls, but doesn't come up with much. It's Christmas (the next day) and Ray goes up to a townhouse and puts his hand out to knock, but then just drops off a small gift on the porch instead. As he leaves, the door opens and it's Ray's wife. They are obviously estranged and it is revealed they are one month away from divorce. They've apparently had a lot of difficulties and while they both care for each other, she can't go through it anymore and they part sadly. Eddie and Sandy go to a convenience store and get everyone out and pistol whip the cashier until he tells them some information (and admits he knows) about Tezo. The man is given 24 hours to get information or they'll kill him. Eddie shows how unstable he is when he puts a gun to the man's head and fires it, but it's empty. They then pop the register and take all his money as well. Francis Jr's wife Abby ( Jennifer Ehle ) is sitting on the bed, she has a bald head and looks very sick. She takes some pills and Francis comes out, asking her if she wants to do this party. She says she wouldn't miss it for anything. Downstairs there is a lot of cooking going on, Francis Sr. is very drunk and the kids are running around wanting to open presents. Upstairs, Francis Jr. gives Abby a ring saying he will love her forever and Abby almost starts crying. They go downstairs as Jimmy and his wife and family come in and everyone begins opening presents. At the dinner table, Francis Sr. is very drunk and starts overpraising Ray saying he was always the brains, and would soon be an investigator and his daughter, Megan had a huge heart and she became a nurse. He doesn't say much about Francis Jr or about Jimmy (son-in-law.) It becomes very strange and awkward at the table and it goes pretty quiet. Francis and Jimmy have a quiet talk in the hall about what is going on. Jimmy says he'll have it under control. Francis is very worried about what is going on and Jimmy isn't giving him any information. There is another shooting at the house where we first saw Tezo. The men look out and see cops and then there is blood splattering. Cut to Ray looking around and seeing they were all shot execution style. Tezo's girlfriend, who we saw give him the potato, is there and Ray squeezes her (they talk in Spanish) and she eventually reveals (after Ray threatens to take her kid away) Tezo was tipped off by a guy called Sandy in the police department. Ray says nothing to the detectives on the scene about the information and walks out. There is a large funeral procession for the dead officers and Francis Jr. has a large roll as the CO. After it is done, Ray catches up to him and starts grilling him on what might be going on in his Division. His brother starts to take offense and they get into a heated conversation when Ray says Tezo's girl dropped the name Sandy and he's a police officer. Tezo's phone was called by people outside, so someone knew about the bust the four men were doing. Ray asks him if there is anyone who goes by that nickname in his department. Francis Jr. looks shady and denies there is anyone. Ray and Francis Jr. part ways, with both being unhappy at each other. Francis Sr. meets Ray on the boat and asks what happened with him and his brother. Ray explains what he thinks might be going on and his father says to sit on it and see what really happens before stirring up a mess, after all you have to protect your own. Ray obviously doesn't like it, but his father orders him and Ray reluctantly agrees. Francis Jr. confronts Sandy in the police showers and kicks everyone else out. Sandy, in turn, starts crying and feeling very remorseful. He tells Francis Jr. that Jimmy has been doing drug dealing and tons of planned executions and that he wanted Tezo dead so he could start working with Casado ( Rick Gonzalez ). Francis is shocked when he hears his brother-in-law is doing all that. Sandy said he thought Francis knew everything, everyone knew about it. Francis Jr. tells Sandy to give up his badge and gun immediately and never to say anything or come by again or he'd cut his pension too. Sandy tells Francis Jr. the force is all he has, Francis Jr. says Sandy doesn't have that anymore. End shot with Sandy crying on the shower floor. Abby is sitting and look at her children and starts crying, because she's dying and she's going to leave them. She hears the car pull up. Francis Jr. is sitting the car and is upset, not moving for a while as his wife tries to stop crying upstairs. Jimmy and his wife are playing with the kids. They're having fun. They bring the kids in and show a foozball table and a huge TV. The doorbell rings and a gangbanger looking person is at the door asking for Jimmy. Jimmy comes up and orders the guy out back. Jimmy's wife is very nervous about what is going on. The man is Casado and he's upset with Jimmy not keeping up his part of the deal to kill Tezo. He asks if Jimmy is slipping and Jimmy ends up pinning him to a wall, saying he's going to take care of it and threatens Casado if he ever comes near his place or family again. Jimmy calls his crew and they find out Tezo's right hand man is in town and they bust down the door and break up their dinner. They throw the man to the floor and beat him, but he won't say where Tezo is. Finally, they push his wife down and take his infant, holding it against the ironing board. Jimmy tells Kenny to call in a child services call for baby with a disfigured face. He takes the hot iron and starts to move it closer to the child's face. The mother screams for the man to tell him what the police want to know. Eventually, he reveals where Tezo is and Jimmy leaves, giving the baby back to the mother, unharmed. Ray tracks down one of his old CIs, a junkie, and after taking his stash and destroying some of it, his stoolie tells him where Tezo is. Ray calls in the location and tells the task force to get there. When he arrives outside the building, he starts scoping it out, but hears some gunshots. He calls for backup and starts going up the stairs, scared tenants are pointing him upwards. Finally he gets to the floor and sees a dead body and hears some screaming and yelling. Ray looks to find Tezo in a bathtub with Jimmy standing over him, shoving a nightstick down his throat. Ray yells at all of them and pulls the nightstick out of the man's throat and says he's still alive and to get help. Jimmy pulls Ray's gun out of Ray's holster and shoots Tezo three times in the chest. He hands the gun back and says Ray will say he was first on scene and shot the bastard who killed four cops. Ray asks if he's insane, and Jimmy pushes him against a wall and says they're all cops, so just go with the story. Ray and Francis Jr. are outside Ray's boathouse and Ray is very upset, telling Francis what happened and asking him why Francis lied about knowing Sandy. Francis asks what Ray is going to do and Ray doesn't say much, wanting to get the blood off him and walks to the boathouse. Francis Jr. is pouring a bath for his wife and Abby can tell he's upset. She asks him what's going on and he's silent. She begs him not to start with this now. Francis Jr. says he's in really deep and doesn't know what to do and he's scared. Abby looks shocked (and very sick) and asks if there is any way to make it right. Francis Jr. says no way. It won't bring everything he's worked for crumbling down. Abby replies she knows he's a good man and she trusts him and trusts him with her children. She wants him to continue to be a good man for them. Francis Jr. replies he has Abby's back. Cut to a large office, a newspaper room. There are all sorts of theories going around and the fact Tezo's mouth was busted in and apparently there were splinters in his throat is circulating. This is big news. A call comes in for a reporter and he takes it, a man wants to meet. They meet in the rain and cold in a parking lot and the person who called in was a very disheveled looking Sandy. The reporter hides a tape recorder under his seat and tells Sandy no recording devices are around when Sandy gets into the back seat of his car. Sandy doesn't mention names but says 'everyone' is on it. They sold their shields to the highest bidder. They killed people, dealt drugs and took payouts. He wanted to be a good cop, to protect and serve and to have pride in his job and in the blue uniform. But it all turned bad. The reporter tries to tell Sandy he can make a story out of this, get the truth out, but Sandy puts a white cloth over his head and shoots himself, splattering blood on the rear windshield. Press conference and the police are pinning the 'vigilante' problem on the four officers already dead and Sandy. Francis Jr. is confronted by Francis Sr. who asks his son how much he knew. Francis Jr. replies he knew enough. His father expresses huge distaste and starts chiding his son when Francis Jr. breaks in that his father must have had a time where push came to shove. His father replies he never took a payout and his son looks shocked saying he never, ever took money either. He then leaves, saying he has things to do, leaving his father looking distraught. Ray picks up some street vendor food and wanders around some less than reputable part of NYC. A person is tailing him. Ray walks a bit more and then confronts the tail. It's the reporter. The reporter says he knows what happened and implies Ray is a pretty good cop. However, he knew Ray lied in a case a few years back to protect other cops (this is what is being referred to at the beginning when Ray had a small breakdown.) He tells Ray he just wants the truth to come out about the people in his older brother's division, not bring Ray down. Ray leaves, very angry and upset. In a bar, Francis Jr comes in looking for Jimmy and they go into the men's room. Francis Jr. asks Jimmy what the hell is going on and Jimmy says he's doing what Francis Jr told him to. The collars are up, the crime is down. Francis Jr. says he knows that, and he never minded if Jimmy had to pad his income a little, but this was totally out of hand. He also says if Jimmy thinks Ray is going to just turn over and lie to the IAB (Internal Affairs Bureau) he's wrong. Ray wouldn't do something like that. Jimmy tries to give Francis Jr. a bunch of money saying it was 'his part of all the takes', but Francis Jr. just stares at the money and then leaves. Jimmy sees things crumbling and looks distraught. Ray gets woken up in his boathouse with a call saying he needs to give his statement to the IAB. Ray doesn't want to, he thought he had more time, but he goes in. There are tons of reporters outside as well as protesters who learned Tezo was brutalized, teeth were found in his stomach and a lot of other nasty things. Ray and the IAB all shake hands, the men obviously respect him a lot. When asked what happened, Ray pauses for a long time and tells them this isn't going to go how they want it to. He says he was not the one who shot Tezo, but won't say who it was who shot him. He then respectfully declines (over and over) to make any further statement. It's the only way he can be true to himself and to the department. Francis Sr. is seeing video of Jimmy saying Ray killed Tezo and is lying. Another high up person in the department is saying all these other officers are willing to testify that is exactly how it happened. Ray is being set up and Francis Sr. says his son wouldn't ever have killed anyone like that. He walks out of the office where he's watching the videos. Ray and Francis Sr. have a fight about what Ray should do now. It vacillates a lot, but Francis Sr. just wants the department not to take a fall. Ray is still burnt up about the lie he was told to tell by his father to save the department years ago and refuses to do it again. He can't. Francis Sr's wife even comes in, but is driven out with yells from her husband. Francis Sr. is on his way to ordering Ray to lie about what happened and follow Jimmy's original story when Francis Jr. comes in and tells his father to stop. He is going to tell everything he knows about the corruption in his division (which he started) and will work with Ray to clear everything up. First, they are going to find Jimmy. Jimmy is in a bar called Irish Eyes and Francis Jr and Ray head there. Kenny and Eddie are in a car driving. Eddie says he needs some money, but Kenny says they need to lay low, citing Jimmy told them to. Eddie says that doesn't pay his rent and goes into the convenience store and tries to rob it again. He gets shot. People start looking around and some gangbangers start noticing the ruckus. Kenny runs in and sees a man holding something and shoots him, but it's just a cell phone. Kenny starts to panic, knowing he has a serious problem now. Some of the gang members who are very upset about the police murders which have been hitting the press, start to smash up the car and throw things at the store. Kenny locks the store and tries to get out, but the police at the back exit too. He holes up and uses the owner as a hostage. Francis Jr. gets the call about Kenny and Ray says he'll take care of Jimmy and Francis Jr. needs to take care of the Kenny / hostage situation. Kenny is frantically calling Jimmy, asking how to get out of the mess. It's implied Jimmy isn't answering his phone. Francis Jr. goes up to the door and talks Kenny down and gets him to open up the door, saying he just wants to help. Francis Sr. gets a call from an officer who is looking for Ray to arrest him. Francis Sr. says (honestly) Ray isn't there even though his car is outside. The detective/officer asks to come in, Francis Sr. refuses. Jimmy is sitting at the bar, looking at pictures of his wife and kids, drinking and depressed. Ray comes in, flashes his badge and orders everyone out. Ray says they are going to make things right, holding a gun on Jimmy and tells him to put his gun on the bar. They both put their gun, badges and cuffs on the bar and prepare to duke it out, with whoever wins, taking the other one in. They fight, knocking down tables and chairs and flinging each other onto the bar, scattering Jimmy's photos of his family. Finally, they land on a pool table and things are looking rough for Ray until he grabs the cue ball and beans Jimmy twice with it. Jimmy falls to the ground, dazed and Ray falls with him, hurt, but better off. Francis Jr has talked Kenny down and gets him out of the store and into a car and away. Meanwhile the whole neighbourhood is up in arms because of the police problems. One of the ringleaders who is getting everyone riled up is Tezo's right hand man who almost got his kid burnt up by Jimmy. When they see Kenny get taken away, the crowd starts to disperse, but is still pretty angry. Ray has Jimmy in cuffs and is taking him to where the standoff was happening (just a few blocks away) when the crowd starts coming towards him. They want Jimmy. The Tezo right hand man REALLY wants him. They pull Jimmy away from Ray and hold Ray, not having a beef with him. Jimmy looks towards Ray and tells him to tell his wife he loves her. They have armed Jimmy with a baseball bat and the other man has a crowbar. Jimmy realizes it is the end and drops the baseball bat. The man lams him over the head with the crowbar and Ray is screaming and struggling and they punch him one to shut him up and then all beat Jimmy into a pulp. Ray staggers to the hostage scene which is winding down. Francis Jr., while talking to a superior, sees him and walks away to tend to his brother. Music plays over the words, but it is obvious Ray is telling his brother what happened with Jimmy. They get into a car and drive off. Ray, Francis Jr and Francis Sr are all in full dress uniform in a car, pulling up to a courthouse. There are reporters everywhere. They all look at each other and get out of the car together, all three going up the stairs, into the courthouse and in the reflection of the revolving door the final shots are of them shaking the hands of the prosecutors/investigator/bigwigs and then presumably going in to testify. 