nm0000871:

 As Good as It Gets (1997)541) A single mother and waitress, a misanthropic author, and a gay artist form an unlikely friendship after the artist is assaulted in a robbery. New York City. Melvin Udall, a cranky, bigoted, obsessive-compulsive writer, finds his life turned upside down when neighboring gay artist Simon is hospitalized and his dog is entrusted to Melvin. In addition, Carol, the only waitress who will tolerate him, must leave work to care for her sick son, making it impossible for Melvin to eat breakfast. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Melvin Udall is an obsessive-compulsive writer of romantic fiction who's rude to everyone he meets, including his gay neighbor Simon, but when he has to look after Simon's dog, he begins to soften and, if still not completely over his problems, finds he can conduct a relationship with the only waitress at the local diner who'll serve him. Jwelch5742 The trials and tribulations of a compulsive writer, Melvin Udall. After his homosexual neighbor is brutally beaten, he is entrusted to the care of the neighbor's dog, with a difficult relationship with a waitress to add on top of that. What develops is a weekend trip/triangle between these three individuals, and together they learn the true meaning of "the sunny side of life". hiphats <hiphats@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The entire movie takes place in New York City, except for a brief trip near the end to near Baltimore, Maryland. The protagonist, Melvin Udall ( Jack Nicholson ) is a cranky, bigoted, intelligent, wealthy writer suffering from obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). He is happy with his life, and spends most of his time inside his apartment, writing books. Fortunately for Melvin, his books are popular, for a reason that later becomes clear. He is working on his sixty-sixth book. Melvin finds himself bothered by Verdell ( Jill the Dog ), a small terrier owned by neighbor Simon Bishop ( Greg Kinnear ). Simon is an artistic painter living on the same floor. Simon is homosexual and somewhat passive. Simon has a good friend, Frank Sachs ( Cuba Gooding Jr. ), who is black and rather aggressive. Verdell escapes Simon's apartment, and runs around the hallway, annoying Melvin. Melvin comes out and tries to calm Verdell down. But Verdell stays out of reach, and further annoys Melvin by trying to pee by the wall. Finally, Melvin grabs Verdell and stuffs him down the laundry chute. Just as Melvin is about to open the door to his apartment, Simon comes out and asks about Verdell. Naturally, Melvin's highest priority is to get back to his comfortable routine, so he lies and says he knows nothing about Verdell. Simon is suspicious, but has to leave to answer an urgent phone call. He is having an exhibition of his paintings that evening, and has to see to final arrangements. Melvin naturally disappears into his apartment. At Simon's exhibition that evening, a friend walks up carrying Verdell. Simon is overjoyed to see Verdell. Their reunion is joyful and happy, with Verdell excited and licking Simon's face. Simon is so happy to see Verdell he lets Verdell continue to lick his face. Simon asks his friend where he found Verdell. His friend says, "In the dumpster, licking poop from baby diapers." Frank realizes what happened, and confronts Melvin about Verdell, verbally abusing him, but saying he won't tell Simon and that Melvin "owes him one". In the morning, Melvin goes out for his daily breakfast ritual. He walks to a particular nearby cafe. He sits at a particular table (and if other people are sitting there, he insults them until they leave). He insists on being served by a particular waitress, Carol Connelly ( Helen Hunt ). Since Melvin is OCD, Carol is simply part of the ritual, along with that particular table and that particular cafe. Also part of the morning ritual is bringing his own plastic utensils. Melvin happily continues his daily rituals. Then one morning, Carol does not show up to serve him his breakfast. Melvin is naturally very upset, so he proceeds in a very OCD-logical manner, by insulting the substitute waitress and telling the manager to get Carol. The manager throws him out. On the way out, Melvin bribes a bus boy to get Carol's last name, which he uses to find out where Carol lives. Melvin tries to restore his daily morning ritual, so he goes to Carol's apartment, who is surprised to see him. Melvin demands that she come back to the cafe and serve him breakfast. Carol says she cannot. Her son, Spencer ( Jesse James ), has congestion in his lungs so severe he can barely breathe. While there, Spencer's condition gets worse, and Carol leaves to take Spencer to the emergency room at the hospital, yet again. Carol and Spencer get in the cab that brought Melvin, and Melvin hops in the front seat. Melvin takes steps to bring back his normal daily routine. It happens that Melvin's editor has a husband, Martin Bettes ( Harold Ramis ), who is a medical doctor. Melvin convinces his editor that her husband should see Spencer. As Melvin leaves her office, the secretary (who was thrilled to see her favorite author) insists on knowing Melvin's secret of connecting so well with women. He turns, says, "I think of a man and then I take away reason and accountability." Then he leaves. The secretary is stunned. Carol comes home to see a car with 'MD' license plates parked in front of her apartment. Fearing something terrible has happened to Spencer, she rushes in, only to find Spencer and Carol's mother, Beverly Connelly ( Shirley Knight ) pleasantly visiting with Dr. Bettes. Dr. Bettes asks Carol which tests have been performed on Spencer, finding out that minimal emergency room tests have been done---no allergy tests, for example. Dr. Bettes orders some tests for Spencer, and tells the lab he wants the results later that day. One of the adults asks incredulously, "Do you really expect the results today???" Dr. Bettes replies, "Yes." He says he does not know now exactly what is wrong with Spencer, but he guarantees that Spencer will be feeling a lot better from now on. He gives Carol his business card, tells her it has his home phone number, and tells her to phone him if she has any concerns. Carol is overwhelmed. She assures Dr. Bettes that she is extremely grateful, and will do everything she can do to pay for his services. Dr. Bettes tells her that Melvin will be paying all the bills. Carol is shocked. That night, Carol cannot get to sleep, so she goes out clad only in a T-shirt, pants, and shoes. She grabs a bus and heads to Melvin's apartment. She bangs on the door, and waits. On the way to the apartment, it begins to rain heavily. At the last moment, Carol realizes her white T-shirt is see-thru as Melvin opens the door. She grabs the front of her T-shirt, striving for some degree of modesty. She blurts out that she knows why Melvin was spending all that money on her son, but that it is not going to work---she will never have sex with him. Melvin is flabbergasted. Carol leaves. Meanwhile, Frank has recruited a young man from a small ne'er-do-well gang as a model for Simon. The young man thinks he is going to pose nude, and starts shedding his clothes. Simon stops him. After modeling some natural poses, Simon finds one he likes, and proceeds to sketch him. They fall into a daily routine. The young man comes over, poses, and Simon sketches or paints him (always fully clothed). After a few weeks, while Simon is painting a portrait of the young man, the young man's gang sneaks into the apartment and starts stealing things. Verdell alerts to them and Simon confronts the intruders. The gang brutally beat Simon with things such as a table lamp. Simon winds up in the hospital. He is severely injured. Frank has to find a dog-sitter for Verdell, so he tries the neighbors. Finally, Frank remembers that Melvin "owes him one", and persuades Melvin to take Verdell. Surprisingly, Verdell takes a liking to Melvin, and Melvin responds by feeding Verdell bacon and other treats. When Melvin goes out walking, he is very careful to never step on a crack. Eventually Verdell follows suit, deliberately hopping over cracks. Melvin is thrilled. They settle into a routine where Melvin works on his computer while Verdell keeps him company on a cushion next to him, as well as walking the dog to breakfast. This is such a comfortable routine for Melvin that he quickly finishes his sixty-sixth book. After a few weeks, Simon comes home from the hospital and insists on taking Verdell back. Melvin is heartbroken, but is cheered up when Simon asks Melvin to take Verdell for a daily walk. It turns out Simon has no medical insurance. He has to spend all his money on hospital bills. His exhibition was a flop. He has no income. He cannot bring himself to resume working. He is very depressed. He has a list of friends he calls on for a loan, but they all turn him down. His last resort is to ask his estranged parents for money, but they never answer the phone, and live near Baltimore. Frank approaches Melvin, asking Melvin to drive Simon to Baltimore. Melvin resists, but eventually succumbs. Frank offers his convertible for the drive. Melvin is too uncomfortable to go on that trip by himself, so he convinces Carol to go with them (staying in separate rooms), using the leverage that since he helped Spencer, Carol should help him. Carol reluctantly gives in. The three of them leave on the road trip. They finally arrive near Baltimore late in the evening, and check into their hotel, into a three-bedroom suite. Carol phones home. She finds out that Spencer had played in his first soccer game, and had scored his first goal. Carol is thrilled! and wants to celebrate with someone. She tries to get Simon to go out with her, but he firmly refuses, so Carol informs Melvin that he is her date. While Melvin takes a shower, Carol quickly gets dressed in a red dress with small white polka dots. Carol waits for Melvin to get out of the shower. After a long time, Melvin finishes. They end up at a nice restaurant. Unfortunately, the maitre d insists that Melvin wear a coat and tie, but reassures him that he has some he is willing to lend to Melvin. He brings one out, but Melvin is skeptical. Carol says, "You dry clean those each time, right?" The maitre d says, "No." After seating Carol he runs to a nearby tailor, buys a suitcoat and tie, and comes running back. As they are being seated, Melvin complains that he has to wear a suitcoat and tie, while they let Carol in with an ordinary housedress. Carol is very offended. She insists that Melvin pay her a compliment or she'll leave. Eventually he says that when he is with her, she makes him want to be a better man. She is very flattered and replies that it's the best compliment she has ever received. She becomes very attentive, moves over right next to him, within kissing range, and asks him why he really wanted her to come on the trip. He mumbles and fumbles and finally says that one reason was that he hoped she would have sex with Simon. She is furious and immediately leaves him at the restaurant. Carol goes back to the hotel. She walks into Simon's room---the one with a big bathtub---and informs him she is going to take a bath, even though Simon is sitting there in the room. She draws the water, gets undressed (out of sight), wraps herself with a large towel, and comes back in sight, sitting on the bathtub with her back to Simon. As Carol is putting her hair up, she reaches a pose that Simon thinks is amazing. He tells her to hold the pose. At first reticent, she eventually loosens up, starting by dropping her towel a bit so Simon can see most of her bare back. Hours later, Melvin comes back to the suite to find Carol lying naked on the bed with Simon drawing sketch after sketch of her. Jealous, Melvin asks if she had sex with Simon. Carol says, "No. It was better than sex. He held me." With his artistic spirit back, Simon is no longer depressed. He phones his parents and is able to get through. He tells his mother he is doing fine, would like to reconnect with them, but it does not have to be now. He hangs up, happy. He knows he might lose his apartment, but he is sure he will be able to cope. They all go back to New York. While he was gone, he has lost his apartment. It turns out Melvin had told the landlord to move all of Simon's things into Melvin's spare bedroom. Simon comes and looks at the room, and is stupified both by how nice it is and by Melvin's willingness to let Simon live there. Simon talks Melvin into going after Carol. Melvin goes over to her apartment, and approaches her in his usual fumbling way. Carol resists, saying all she wants is a normal boyfriend. Carol's mother, who has been listening, comes out and says, "Everybody wants that, it doesn't exist". Carol reconsiders, and Melvin continues with Carol, even to the point of stepping on cracks. -------------------- Missing above: Where Melvin bursts into the office of his psychiatrist, Dr. Green ( Lawrence Kasdan ), insists on an immediate appointment, but is rebuffed. He also got annoyed when he noticed the doctor's office was changed, but seeing as how he hadn't seen the doctor in years, it's understandable. Where Carol writes a 10-page missive thanking Melvin for the help he has given Spencer, and insists on reading it to Melvin while he is eating is breakfast at the cafe. Of course, Melvin just wants Carol to stop disrupting his breakfast ritual and just go away. -------------------- Here are some of Melvin's obsessive compulsive behaviors not mentioned above. He washes his hands by opening a new bar of soap, washing his hands with it once, and throwing the nearly-new bar away. He puts his shoes on by sitting on the bed, and performing a back-and-forth dance around his shoes first. Coming into a room, he sometimes locks and unlocks of the door several times. (Note: I only saw the movie once, and just enjoyed it, rather than taking notes to write a synopsis. So feel free to make any appropriate changes.) 
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1992)66) Flighty teenage girl Buffy Summers learns that she is her generation's destined battler of vampires. Buffy Summers (Kristy Swanson) has the lifestyle any young woman could want. Cheerleading, dating the Captain of the basketball team, and copious amounts of time spent shopping with friends. She had no idea of her true calling until a mysterious man named Merrick (Donald Sutherland) approached her and told her that she is the Slayer; one woman called to defend the world from vampires. Reluctant to concede to the fact, Buffy soon learns that Merrick speaks the truth and so begins to take her new life seriously while trying to maintain the sense of normality her life had once been. With her best friends slowly abandoning her, Buffy finds solace in the town outcast, Pike (Luke Perry), who knows very well the terrors that have arisen. Together, they combat the forces of the old and powerful vampire, Lothos (Rutger Hauer), who has his eyes set on Buffy. Vampire-Sharpshooter "Since the dawn of man, the vampires have walked among us, killing and feeding. The only one with the strength or skill to stop their heinous evil is the slayer, she who bears the birthmark, the mark of the coven. Trained by the watcher, one slayer dies and the next is chosen." In 1992 Los Angeles, the new vampire slayer is cheerleader Buffy. Three bodies have been found with "really gross hickeys" on their necks. It takes Merrick the Watcher some time, but he finally convinces Buffy that she is indeed the chosen one. When Merrick is killed by the master Lothos and Buffy links up with nerdy Pike, she realizes how serious the vampire business really is. Things come to a head when vampires crash the senior prom. Buffy Summers (Kristy Swanson) thinks very highly of her keen fashion-sense. In fact, fashion, cheerleading, movies, and parties are all she ever thinks about. Then one day, Merrick (Donald Sutherland) approaches her; telling her she has a specific mission in life - killing vampires. What good is her "keen fashion-sense" in her new daily tasks? Lars J. Aas <larsa@colargol.edb.tih.no> Buffy Summers (Kristy Swanson) is an airhead cheerleader who is chosen by Merrick (Donald Sutherland) to defend the world from vampires. When Merrick first informs Buffy that she is the "chosen one", she thinks he's crazy, but then strange things begin to happen. First, Buffy's friend Cassandra (Natasha Gregson Wagner) and many other kids form her school turn up missing and are later found "dead" with bite marks on their necks. After many other strange ocurrences, Buffy then realizes that those bite marks were made by vampires, and that they really are out there. She comes to to horrifying truth that she is the "chosen one". Buffyfan Buffy Summers (Kristy Swanson) is a cheerleader. She shops and shops and, well, shops. That is until one day she comes across a man, Merrick (Donald Sutherland), who informs her that she is the "chosen one". She has been chosen to kill vampires and must now train to do so. With the help of her instructor she learns the kicks, moves, and attitude essential to any vampire killer. With the help of her friend, Pike (Luke Perry), she defeats master vampire Lothos (Rutger Hauer) and saves the planet. Michael Feller <reb@magna.com.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Peacemaker (1997)431) A US Army colonel and a civilian woman supervising him must track down stolen Russian nuclear weapons before they're used by terrorists. Two trains crash somewhere in Russia, one carrying a nuclear payload. A nuclear explosion follows the crash and the world is on alert... However, White House nuclear expert Dr. Julia Kelly doesn't think it was an accident... Special Operations Intelligence Officer Colonel Thomas Devoe doesn't think so either... Together they must unravel a conspiracy that goes from Europe to New York, to stop a terrorist who has no demands... M. Belanger <belgrima@pananet.com> Russian general Aleksandr Kodoroff is in charge of transporting nuclear warheads for destruction as agreed with the West, but actually leads a conspiracy to make the train crash in Bosnia with another, after killing his own guards, to steal the cargo. Special Operations Intelligence Officer Colonel Thomas Devoe realizes what happened and concludes from his Moskow source 's silence that a plot is going behind the Kremlin's back. He urgently wants to find and recuperate the bombs, but is forced to cooperate closely with expert analyst Dr. Julia Kelly, who is politically mandated by the White House. They cross Europe to trace by any means the trail of the covert operation, fighting off enemy agents, notably in Vienna. The convoy already approaches the Caucasian border when an urgent commando operation on Russian soil is the last chance. Due to limited success, a vindictive rogue diplomat still brings the last warhead to the UN Geral Assembly. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins in an Eastern Orthodox church in Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina, when an unidentified man (later revealed to be a Bosnian diplomat to the UN) is murdered in an alley after receiving a page to meet someone outside. The scene then immediately shifts to a missile base in Chelyabinsk, Russia, where SS-18 ICBM's are being decommissioned. Ten nuclear warheads are loaded onto a train and sent to a separate site for dismantling. However, a high-ranking Russian general, Aleksander Kodoroff, has other plans. Along with a rogue tactical unit, he kills all the soldiers onboard the train and then transfers nine of the warheads to another train. He also sets the timer on the one remaining warhead, then switches tracks to send his train out of harm's way and the transport train on a collision course with a passenger train. Inside a mountain tunnel, Kodoroff kills one of his high-ranking lieutenants who'd had reservations about the mission. A few minutes later the trains collide. The thermonuclear warhead goes off moments later, yielding a blast about 500 kilotons in intensity. The explosion immediately garners the attention of the US government. Even though the detonation was staged to look like an accident, White House nuclear expert Dr. Julia Kelly (Kidman) is not convinced: SS-18 warheads can only be detonated deliberately. She believes that terrorists are behind the incident. Her newly assigned military liaison disagrees with her. He is smooth-talking and irreverent US Army Special Forces officer Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Devoe (Clooney), and he is convinced that the crash and the detonation were both staged, to hide the hijacking of the other warheads on board. A call to Devoe's long time friend and Russian counterpart, Dmitri Vertekoff (Armin Mueller-Stahl), adds credence to his hypothesis. Kelly and Devoe try to track down the terrorists through an Austrian trucking company which is a front for the Russian Mafia. Devoe and Kelly go to the company's offices and, when Kelly is unable to get answers, Devoe resorts to more drastic measures, beating the man, tying him up and threatening to shoot him in the knee. Kelly is able to retrieve vital invoices from the man's computer and the two leave the building. When the Mafia realizes they are in fact U.S. government agents, they send out several carloads of thugs to kill them. Vertekoff is killed, but Kelly and Devoe escape, with Devoe killing most of the would-be assassins in the process. Though the paper invoices Kelly retrieved are destroyed when Devoe ignites the gas tanks of his & the thugs' car, Kelly is able to download them from her email. When they're examined, Devoe recognizes Kodoroff's name. Kodoroff is known to be fanatical and Devoe assumes that the rogue general will sell the warheads to a country linked to terrorism. Devoe later finds out through the tracking system of the truck company that the nukes are in a truck headed to Iran by way of Dagestan. Kodoroff and his crew are located using a ruse in which Devoe convinces the driver over the phone that there is a smart bomb falling towards him, causing him to turn out of traffic on a road, so that the truck can be seen in an aerial photo. After the only Russian troops in the area are killed by the general and his men, one of the crew takes one of the warheads and leaps off the truck, hiding in the forest nearby. Devoe leads a group of USAF Special Operations and Army Rangers illegally over the Russian border to seize it. During the operation, one of their choppers is shot down by Russian SAM battery when they enter Russian airspace, but the remaining choppers evade the missiles and are able to stop the truck carrying the warheads. A savage fight ensues onboard the vehicle, and Kodoroff is killed and the warheads are seized. Interrogation of the one surviving member of the group reveals that the trigger bomb (nominal yield: 1-2 kilotons) from one of the warheads is missing. It is learned that the bomb was taken by a Bosnian Serb, and that it may be intended to destroy the UN headquarters in New York. The man who stole the warhead is the brother of another of the terrorists, Duan Gavri (Marcel Iure), is a Yugoslav without identity ("I am a Serb, a Croat, and a Muslim" in reference to all sides in the war torn former Yugoslavia). He wants to avenge the death of his wife and daughter, who were killed by a sniper in Sniper Alley, Sarajevo. He blames the countries of the West for not protecting them and for greedily supplying weapons to all sides in the war. He therefore plans to blow up the United Nations building in New York City, and supplies a videotaped message warning the governments of the west to cease their involvement in the Yugoslavian conflict. Gavri is finally tracked down in Manhattan, wounded, and cornered into a Catholic church near the UN. Davoe confronts Gavri, saying, "It's not our war!" Gavri responds, "It is now!", and promptly commits suicide, knowing that the bomb is set to go off in a matter of minutes, and cannot be deactivated. With seconds to spare, Kelly is able to remove a part of the bomb's explosive lens shell, preventing it from creating a critical mass within the plutonium core. The remaining explosives go off, but the bomb does not detonate and the explosion is confined to the church. Devoe and Kelly both survive the explosion with minor injuries. 
 37: A Final Promise (2014)Summaries A rocker makes a pact to kill himself on his 37th birthday. 12 weeks before the release of his final album and the end of his life, he meets and falls in love with a woman who has a dark secret of her own. Haunted rock star, Adam Webb, plans to fulfill a vow; kill himself on his 37th birthday. With only 12 weeks to go before his expiration date (and release of his final album), he meets - and falls in love with - Jemma Johnstone, who has a dark secret of her own. They soon discover their destinies are linked, and as time runs out, they learn to live fully and love unconditionally. Based on a true story. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 