nm0003821:

 2000 Years Later (1969)Summaries A satirical film on fads in the US. A TV host on a late night show tries to convince his televiewers that they should return to Rome and Roman ways. Depicts in a semi-realistic manner what could happen if the latest America fad became Reditus Ad Roma, a Return to Rome. Launched as a gimmick by a late night TV show, the International Culture Hour, the fad catches on fast and soon everybody from the long-haired pop singers to senators, from motor cycle outlaws to the military chiefs of the Pentagon, are dressing up in togas and taking part in orgies organized at the fashionable discos and in private houses. A mysterious figure from the Other World, a Roman general who survived the fall of Rome, who has been sent to Earth to convince our sin soaked masses not to let it happen again, provides the moral. But Gregarious the Ancient Roman, never manages to open his mouth on TV and ends by throwing himself into the familiar arms of a shapely maiden whose Reditus Ad Roma outfit has been designed by topless inventor Rudi Gernreigh. John Francis It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Statue (1971)Summaries Bolt, a British linguist, develops a universal language, so he's a sudden sensation and receives a Nobel prize. An ambitious diplomat, capitalizing on Bolt's celebrity, arranges for the U.S. to commission a statue for a London square to honor Bolt's achievement. Bolt's Italian wife, a renowned artist, sculpts an 18-foot nude of Bolt. In a pique, because he's neglected her for years to do his work, she gives the statue a spectacular phallus, telling Bolt that he wasn't its model. Thinking he's a cuckold, Bolt goes on a jealous search for a man matching the statue. The diplomat, too, wants changes in the statue to protect his conservative image. Can art and love reconcile? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 All the Loving Couples (1969)Summaries In a suburban home during one Friday night four couples get together to drink, smirk, paw, watch dirty movies and denounce racial prejudice. In a suburban home during one Friday night four couples get together to drink, smirk, paw, watch dirty movies and denounce racial prejudice. The group has a blond, two brunettes and a redhead, among the women. Divided up another way, we have one beginner, one lesbian, one sado-masochist and one routine run-of-the-mill swinger. The men include a liberal Jew, a racist Bircher WASP, an insurance salesman who's there (he says) to make contacts, and one guy who's impotent. The movie consists of all these people doing their thing, especially the Bircher and the Jew, who trade political taunts along with their wives. One guy can't be satisfied, no matter how often his wife gives it up. Next door, the husband is so dis-interested that his wife has to take care of her own needs with a vibrator. Finally all four couples get together and the chemistry turns out to be just right. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Batman (19661968)44) The Caped Crusader and his young ward battle evildoers in Gotham City. Wealthy entrepreneur Bruce Wayne (Adam West) and his ward Dick Grayson (Burt Ward) lead a double life: they are actually the crime-fighting duo Batman and Robin. A secret Batpole in the Wayne mansion leads to the Batcave, where Police Commissioner Gordon (Neil Hamilton) summons the Dynamic Duo on the Batphone with the latest emergency threatening Gotham City. Racing to the scene of the crime in the jet-powered Batmobile, Batman and Robin must (with the help of their trusty utility-belts) thwart the efforts of a rogues gallery of flamboyant archvillains, including The Joker (Cesar Romero), The Penguin (Burgess Meredith), The Riddler (Frank Gorshin) and the Catwoman (Julie Newmar and Eartha Kitt). Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> To the unsuspecting public, and Police, they are Bruce Wayne (Adam West), billionaire, and Dick Grayson (Burt Ward), his nephew. However, to Alfred (Alan Napier), their butler, they are Batman and Robin, scourge of Gotham City's criminals. Whenever the Police encounter a crime they cannot solve or criminal they cannot apprehend, it's Batman to whom they turn. grantss Batman, the Caped Crusader teams up with his ward Robin, the Boy Wonder; together the dynamic duo will protect Gotham City from its rogues-gallery of criminals, like The Joker, The Riddler, The Penguin, Catwoman and Mr. Freeze. The adventures of The Bright Knight start here. It's Batman as you've never seen him before. Johnny It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 