nm0005182:

 The Other Woman (2014)761) After discovering her boyfriend is married, Carly soon meets the wife he's been betraying. And when yet another love affair is discovered, all three women team up to plot revenge on the three-timing S.O.B. After discovering her boyfriend is married, Carly Whitten tries to get her ruined life back on track. But when she accidentally meets the wife he's been cheating on, she realizes they have much in common, and her sworn enemy becomes her greatest friend. When yet another affair is discovered, all three women team up to plot mutual revenge on their cheating, lying, three-timing SOB. Anonymous Kate is married to Mark and thinks he's a great guy. But in reality he's seeing another woman, Carly who doesn't know he's married. When he tells Kate he has to meet a client and won't come home when in reality he's planning to see Carly. But when Kate says she'll go join him. He tells her he'll cancel the meeting. So he tells Carly he has to take care of something at home. Carly then decides to go surprise him but runs into Kate and she freaks out and walks away. Kate later tracks Carly down and asks her if she and her husband are involved. She reluctantly admits it. And Kate has a breakdown of her own. They later get close and Kate is uncertain of what to do. When Mark comes on to her she thinks there's hope. But she overhears him talking to someone and she thinks it's Carly but she denies it. So they follow him and discover that he's seeing another girl and when they tell her about him, they decide to get back at him. But Kate is still unsure. rcs0411@yahoo.com In New York, the successful lawyer Carly Whitten is in love with her handsome boyfriend Mark King and she expects to introduce him to her father Frank. However Mark tells her that he needs to travel to his house in Connecticut since his housemaid has just reported a plumbing problem in the basement and he need to fix it. Carly decides to travel to meet him without previous notice and she finds that Mark is married with Kate King. Carly returns to New York and on the next morning, Kate visits her at her job to get information about her relationship with her husband. They conclude that he is a cheater and befriend each other. Soon they learn that Mark has a younger girlfriend, Amber, and they befriend her. The trio decides to team-up and plot revenge against Mark. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Forty-something Carly Whitten is a high powered New York lawyer specializing in corporate acquisitions and mergers. When it comes to love and romance, she and her father Frank are two sides of a similar coin: while Frank marries one wife after another, he currently on divorce number five, Carly does not believe in monogamy, she having several casual sexual partners at any given time. Carly rethinks her beliefs on the matter after two months into a passionate and romantic relationship with Mark King, for who she drops all her other boyfriends. What Carly is unaware of is that back in upscale suburban Connecticut, Mark is married, his wife Kate King who believes happily. In Mark and Kate's decade plus long marriage, Kate has forgone all her own dreams and aspirations to be a stay at home housewife, happily supporting Mark in his life, including what has been his lucrative business in developing start-ups. After Carly and Kate meet and find out about the other in Mark's life, each has an immediate reaction based on their own life: Carly, who is not a home breaker, willingly will never see Mark again despite previously believing he may have been "the one", while Kate, who has devoted most of her adult life to Mark, may have a problem envisioning a life without him. Wanting to understand what has happened and in her fragile mental state, Kate turns to the only person who she feels she can and who may have the answers for which she is looking: Carly. At first, Carly is a reluctant support for Kate. Things change when they find out that they are not the only two women in Mark's sexual life... Huggo Carly Whitten (Cameron Diaz), a New York attorney, has just started a relationship with Mark King (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau), a man she had sex with eight weeks earlier. Carly, planning to introduce Mark to her father, Frank (Don Johnson), is upset that Mark has to go out of town on account of a flood at his Connecticut home, missing their dinner. However, she decides to go over to his house to seduce him instead. She is horrified to meet Mark's wife, Kate (Leslie Mann), whom she'd originally assumed to be Mark's housekeeper. While initially hostile, both of the women befriend each other. Kate then discovers that he is still seeing another woman, who she thinks is Carly who is secretly continuing her previous relationship with Mark. After another fight, they discover together that Mark is seeing a third woman: Amber (Kate Upton). Carly and Kate follow Mark and travel to The Hamptons, where they stay at the house of Kate's brother, Phil (Taylor Kinney). The duo run into Amber on the beach, and the two women inform her that Mark has been cheating on all of them.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Carly Whitten ( Cameron Diaz ) and Mark King ( Nikolaj Coster-Waldau ) engaging in a one night stand after meeting each other on a blind date. Eight weeks later, they are in a relationship, and Carly is quite happy. Carly, a single career woman, goes to work at a law firm where she tells her friend and secretary Lydia ( Nicki Minaj ) about the relationship, where Lydia notes that Carly hasn't been with a single man in forever. Little does she know that Mark is married to a chatty and neurotic woman named Kate ( Leslie Mann ). Mark makes up an excuse to leave town for a few days, telling Carly there's an issue with the plumbing in his house. Carly is upset at this short notice, and she gets into an argument with Mark. He drops her off to have drinks with her dad Frank ( Don Johnson ), who is seeing a younger woman. He convinces Carly to show up at Mark's place to surprise him. She does so, dressing as a sexy plumber. She walks to his door and is greeted by Kate, who introduces herself as Mark's wife. A stunned Carly stumbles off the steps of the porch and trips backwards, knocking into a giant urn that she breaks. An angry Carly storms into her office the next day and tears up the flowers that Mark left for her. She tells Lydia that he is married, but Lydia suggests this could provide some kind of spice in their lives. Carly is later visited by a distraught Kate, who has a nervous breakdown upon realizing that Carly had slept with Mark multiple times. Despite all of this, Kate continues to find Carly and attempt to bond with her. Eventually, the two become unlikely friends. Kate later takes out her rage by destroying Mark's office with a golf club. Mark comes home and takes Kate out, leading her to feel tempted into sleeping with him. As she's in the bathroom getting herself ready, Mark gets a phone call from another woman. Kate overhears and fakes feeling unwell to not get into sex. The next day, while Kate and her brother Phil ( Taylor Kinney ) are fixing up the walls, she breaks down and tells him that Carly is probably still having an affair with Mark. She later confronts Carly, who says nothing is happening and she's hurt by the accusation. They figure out that Mark is seeing another woman. The ladies follow Mark to Miami and stay in Phil's beach house as they spy on Mark and his new lady. They find the couple at the beach, and both ladies are shocked to see the new, much younger, and ridiculously hot woman named Amber ( Kate Upton ). Carly and Kate argue about Mark's change in tastes since both Carly and Kate are in their late 30s, while Amber looks only in her early 20s. Carly runs after Amber as she jogs down the beach, and Kate stops her and the two of them struggle in a cat-fight. Amber sees them fighting in the sand and approaches. Having been caught, Carly and Kate force themselves to tell Amber that she is getting played by Mark. A little later at a parking lot, Amber is also somewhat upset and reveals that she knows who Kate is, claiming that Mark had told her that he was getting divorced, but doesn't know Carly. That evening, all three ladies get together at the beach house where even though they are mad at the same guy, they continue to bond and drink and laugh while Carly starts making a connection with Phil. The next morning, the hung-over Kate says she wants Mark to really hurt, so all three ladies conspire to get the ultimate payback on Mark, utilizing Carly's job as a lawyer, Kate's knowledge of Mark's lifestyle, and Amber's looks to get revenge. Back in New York, Kate starts to mess with Mark by putting hair removal cream in his shampoo and give him loads of estrogen in his smoothies, causing him to grow breasts. Carly meets with Mark on a date, catches him flirting with another woman, and slips laxatives into both his scotch and water. He then shits his pants and has explosive diarrhoea, then gets robbed when trying to get people to get him pants. The ladies consider having one of them take one for the team and sleep with Mark to get more information out of him. They play Rock-Paper-Scissors, leading Amber to decide she'll do it. Things get more complicated when Mark takes Kate out for a romantic dinner with his business partner Nick ( David Thornton ). She starts to feel romantically connected to Mark, regardless of his adultery. Carly and Amber show Kate the next day a list of companies that Mark has invested in and embezzled money from. Kate doesn't feel the strong drive for revenge as before. Carly exacerbates things by texting Mark to hang out. The ladies walk out on each other. Mark takes Kate to the Bahamas as he plans a business trip. Carly and Amber show up for Kate after Kate has given Carly an envelope with contracts from Mark's businesses, citing Kate as the CEO of the defrauded companies. They follow Mark from a hotel, where he is with yet another woman, whom he takes with him to the bank where he keeps his offshore money. On the day that the ladies plan to make their move, Kate throws her engagement and wedding rings into the ocean. Carly and Amber sit by her side on the beach. They later take her to the bank to resolve the situation. The final showdown comes when Mark is invited to Carly's law firm for a meeting. Lydia guides him to the conference room where Mark is forced to stand face-to-face with all three ladies. Kate immediately says she wants a divorce, but Mark refuses, trying to reel her back in with innocent apologizing. The ladies show Mark that Kate has returned all the money to the defrauded companies, leaving Mark with absolutely nothing while Kate gets the other half of his money. Nick comes in after being told the truth, and he fires Mark. Mark breaks down and loses his shit, throwing the papers everywhere and walking face-first into the glass wall, causing him to bleed. He runs to a computer and sees his bank accounts closed. He walks into a whole glass wall and he ruins his suit. He goes outside the building and sees his car getting towed. He screams in fury, and asks how this can get worse. Frank then comes out and punches Mark in the face, knocking him on his ass. The ladies meet one last time and toast to their friendship. The ending text states that Kate works with Nick now and is the CEO of multiple successful companies. Carly and Phil became a couple and are expecting a kid. Amber starts a relationship with Frank and they travel the globe to keep up with the summer season, though Carly refuses to call her "Mom." 
 George of the Jungle (1997)55) A man raised in the jungle by apes falls in love with a wealthy American heiress. Baby George got into a plane crash in a jungle, stayed alive and was adopted by a wise ape. Ursula Stanhope, US noble woman is saved from death on safari by grown-up George, and he takes her to jungle to live with him. He slowly learns a rules of human relationships, while Ursula's lover Lyle is looking for her and the one who took her. After they are found, Ursula takes George to the USA. Anonymous This is the story of a baby named George, who got into a plane crash in a jungle, stayed alive and was adopted by a wise ape. Life in the jungle is pretty sweet for George, until a beautiful, blonde American heiress, named Ursula Stanhope has traveled to Bukuvu from San Francisco is search of adventure. Her intended, Lyle Van de Groot, pursues her in hopes of capturing the legendary White Ape who is supposed to exist in the mountains. Ultimately, a romance blooms between Ursula and George, an extremely clumsy gorilla boy raised by an erudite ape. After they are found, Ursula takes George to the USA in San Fransisco. Meanwhile, Lyle and his devious trackers pursue schemes of their own to kidnap George's elephant "doggie." Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} A fun look at life for the "King Of The Jungle". In the opening animation, we learn that George is displaced from his family during a horrible plane crash that has only little boy George being lost from the rest of the passengers. Life in the jungle is pretty sweet for George, until our hero meets the lovely Ursula. Our adventure travels from the jungles of Africa to the jungles of San Fransisco. Dennis Carter <dencart2@connet80.com> Heiress Ursula Stanhope treks off to Africa for adventure, and to get away from fiance Lyle Vandergroot. He follows her anyway. Ursula is rescued from a lion attack by George, who whisks her to his jungle tree house. There they are smitten by each other. Returning with her to San Francisco, it is George's turn to be bewildered by the urban jungle. Meanwhile, Lyle and his devious trackers pursue schemes of their own to kidnap George's elephant "doggie." David Spalding <dspalding@usa.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Knocked Up (2007)431) For fun-loving party animal Ben Stone, the last thing he ever expected was for his one-night stand to show up on his doorstep eight weeks later to tell him she's pregnant with his child. When Alison Scott is promoted in E! Television, she goes to a night-club to celebrate with her older married sister Debbie. Alison meets the pothead reckless Ben Stone and while having a small talk with Ben, Debbie's husband Pete calls her to tell that their daughter has chicken pox. Debbie leaves the place but Allison stays with Ben, drinking and dancing along all night; completely wasted, they end up having a one night stand. Ben does not use a condom and eight weeks later, Allison discovers that she is pregnant. She calls Ben and they decide to try to stay together and have the baby. However, Ben needs to grow up first to raise a family of his own. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Ben Stone, like his four roommates, is a schlub and slacker. Their sole work - unpaid self-employment - is creating a website that identifies where scenes of women's nudity appears in mainstream movies. Alison Scott lives in a suite in the house of Debbie and Pete, her sister and brother-in-law. Slightly insecure Alison masks that insecurity by trying to control her life, much like her sister. Alison celebrates her promotion as on-air reporter for E! by going out with Debbie to a club, where she meets Ben. A generous gesture on Ben's part leads to Ben and Alison hooking up, which by the sober light of day she realizes was probably a mistake as they are totally incompatible. Conversely, Ben really likes Alison, who generally would be considered out of his league. However, that liaison results in Alison becoming pregnant. After thinking about the implications, she decides to keep the baby. Beyond the personal issues, Alison struggles with how this pregnancy will affect her new job, especially in the eyes of her image conscious bosses, Jack and Jill. Despite being a big kid himself, Ben, wanting to do right by Alison, supports her in any way he can. As they are both "nice" people who strive for the traditional when it comes to family, they decide to give their relationship a shot despite their incompatibility. Especially for Alison, her primary concern is not ending up the way of Debbie and Pete, who too are incompatible, who only married because Debbie got pregnant, and who both seem unhappy in their married life. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Alison Scott is a career-minded woman, who has just been given an on-air role with E!]and is living in the pool house with her sister Debbie's family. Ben Stone is laid-back and sardonic. He lives off funds received in compensation for an injury and sporadically works on a celebrity porn website with his roommates, in between smoking marijuana or going to theme parks such as Knott's Berry Farm. While celebrating her promotion, Alison meets Ben at a local nightclub. After a night of drinking, they end up having sex. Due to a misunderstanding, they don't use protection: Alison uses the phrase "Just do it already" to encourage Ben to put the condom on, but he misinterprets this to mean to dispense without using one. The following morning, they quickly learn over breakfast that they have little in common and go their separate ways, which leaves Ben visibly upset. Eight weeks later, Alison experiences morning sickness during an interview with James Franco and realizes she could be pregnant. She contacts Ben for the first time since their one-night stand to tell him. Although insensitive at first, Ben says he will be there to support Alison. While he is still unsure about being a parent, his father is excited. Alison's mother tries to persuade her daughter to have an abortion, but Alison decides to keep the child. Later, Alison and Ben decide to give the relationship a chance. The couple's efforts include Ben making an awkward marriage proposal with an empty ring box, promising to get her one someday. Alison thinks it's too early to think about marriage, because she is more concerned with hiding the pregnancy from her bosses, believing that they will fire her if they ever found out. After a somewhat promising beginning, tensions surface in the relationship. Alison is increasingly worried about Ben's lack of responsibility and commitment, and has doubts about the longevity of their relationship. These thoughts are due to her sister's unhappy marriage. Debbie's husband, Pete, works as a talent scout for rock bands, but he leaves at odd hours in the night, which makes her suspect he is having an affair. Upon investigating, she learns that he is actually part of a fantasy baseball draft, and that he has been doing other activities such as going to the movies on his own, which he explains he participates in to be free from Debbie's controlling manner. This results in their separation, and when Ben expresses amusement at Pete's deception, it leads to a heated argument with Alison as they drive to her doctor. Angered, she ejects him from her car and abandons him in the middle of a busy street. He tracks her down to her appointment and they both start another argument, leading to their own breakup. Ben and Pete decide to go on a road trip to Las Vegas. Under the heavy influence of psychedelic mushrooms, they realize their loss and decide to take responsibility for their relationships. Simultaneously, Debbie drags a timid Alison out partying with her, but they are refused admission to a nightclub by its apologetic bouncer on account of Debbie's age and Alison's pregnancy, leading to Debbie's tearful laments about her life and her desire to have Pete back. They reconcile at their daughter's birthday party, but when Ben tries to work things out with Alison, she doesn't want to get back together. Alison's boss finds out about her pregnancy, and sees an opportunity to boost ratings with female viewers by having Alison interview pregnant celebrities. After a talk with his father, Ben decides to take responsibility and goes to great effort to change his ways, including moving out of his friends' house, getting an office job as a web designer, and creating a baby's room in his new apartment. He also starts reading the pregnancy books that he had purchased earlier on. When Alison goes into labor and is unable to contact her doctor, she calls Ben, as Debbie and Pete are at Legoland. Ben discovers that the gynecologist they had been seeing is out of town, at a Bar Mitzvah, despite having assured them that he never took vacations. Ben calls him and leaves a furious voicemail, threatening murder. During labor, Alison apologizes for doubting Ben's commitment and admits that she never thought he would be the right one for her. When Debbie and Pete arrive at the hospital, Ben adamantly refuses to allow her to be at Alison's side, insisting that it's his place. Debbie is both furious and impressed that Ben took charge of the situation and begins to change her formerly negative opinion about him. The couple welcomes a baby girl (a boy in the alternate ending) and settle down happily together in a new apartment in Los Angeles. 
 This Is 40 (2012)431) Pete and Debbie are both about to turn 40, their kids hate each other, both of their businesses are failing, they're on the verge of losing their house, and their relationship is threatening to fall apart. Pete ( Paul Rudd ) and Debbie ( Leslie Mann ) are turning 40. But instead of celebrating, they're mired in a mid-life crisis with unruly kids, debt and unhappiness mounding. Pete's record label is failing and Debbie is unable to come to terms with her aging body. As Pete's 40th birthday party arrives, Pete and Debbie are going to have to rely on family, friends, employees, fitness trainers, aging rockers and ultimately each other to come to terms with life at age 40. napierslogs As the movie opens, Debbie is turning 40 but tells everybody she's younger. She runs a small, boutique clothing store that's breaking even financially, while Pete manages a retro-minded indie-music label that's under serious financial strain just as they are trying to launch a new album by Graham Parker. Their money troubles are compounded by Pete's dad Larry (Albert Brooks), who continually hits up his son for cash because he has toddler triplets after an overly successful fertilization treatment with his younger second wife. Debbie has daddy issues as well. Her father (John Lithgow), an emotionally cold, highly successful surgeon, seems to want no part of his daughter's life, even though they meet for lunch occasionally after not talking to each other for a lengthy period of time. All of these people, along with Debbie's trainer, Pete's employees, and salesgirls from Debbie's boutique, arrive at the couple's beautiful home for a birthday party where all the familial wounds are opened. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with Pete (Paul Rudd) and Debbie (Leslie Mann) having sex in the shower. Pete reveals that he took a Viagra pill given to him by his friend Barry (Rob Smigel); this enrages Debbie and they stop. Debbie is angered that she is turning 40. In the five years since the previous film 'Knocked Up', Debbie owns a boutique store with Desi (Megan Fox) and Jodi (Charlyne Yi) working for her. Pete owns his own record label, with his friends Ronnie (Chris O'Dowd) and Cat (Lena Dunham) working with him. Pete's business is struggling financially as he promotes the reunion of Graham Parker & The Rumour. The couple also are having to deal with their daughters; Sadie, now age 13, and eight-year-old Charlotte. For Debbie's birthday, the couple goes on a romantic weekend to a resort. There they get high from eating marijuana cookies, and fantasize out loud about ways they would kill each other. After speaking with her friends Jason (Jason Segel) and Barb (Annie Mumolo), Debbie decides to improve her marriage and family through exercise, and becoming more connected with her parents. Debbie tells Pete that he needs to stop lending his deadbeat father, Larry (Albert Brooks), money, because it is hurting them financially. Pete goes to visit him, but is unsuccessful at giving him the news, and still agrees to give him money. Meanwhile, Debbie visits her gynecologist (Tim Bagley), and discovers that she is pregnant. She decides not to tell Pete about this. Later, Debbie yells at a student, named Joseph (Ryan Lee), who has been bullying and taunting Sadie. She yells at him so much that Joseph's mother, Catherine (Melissa McCarthy), gets into an argument with Pete. They later have a meeting with the principal, but the couple denies everything that happened. The couple is overjoyed when Catherine starts using the same language they used previously and the principal dismisses them. One night between the school taunting sequences, Debbie takes Desi out dancing at a club, planning to confront her with her suspicions that she has been stealing money from the store. Debbie and Desi meet several players from the Philadelphia Flyers hockey team at the pub. Debbie awkwardly finds out that one of the players wants to hang out with her and possibly sleep with her. She is proud that he wants to have sex with her, but admits that she is married, has two kids, and is pregnant. Afterwards, Debbie drops Desi off at her house and confronts her about the missing money. Desi reveals she is able to afford nice things because she is also an escort. Later, Debbie meets up with Jodi, who confesses that she was the one who stole the money to buy Oxycontin. Debbie fires her and leaves. Meanwhile, Pete and Debbie are having to deal with Sadie and Charlotte fighting all the time, which results in arguments between the family. On Pete's 40th birthday party, he argues with his dad, Larry, about the money he wants from them. Debbie argues with her own dad, Oliver (John Lithgow), about not spending enough much time in her life, and how his is perfect. Oliver then explains that his life is not perfect, and how he has always cared about her and loved her. Later, Pete overhears Debbie talking about her pregnancy, and rides out of the house on his bicycle in anger. Debbie and Larry then go after Pete, trying to find him. Soon, they find that he wrecked after hitting his head on a car door. Pete then gets into an argument with the driver of the car who then punches him in the stomach. Debbie and Larry take Pete to the hospital, where Larry and Debbie reconcile, with Larry advising Debbie that it's because of her, that she keeps the family together. Debbie and Pete talk later and Pete explains that he is actually thrilled about having a third baby, and that he doesn't feel trapped, so the two reconcile. Sometime later, Pete and Debbie are watching a small concert with Ryan Adams performing. Debbie then suggests that Pete should sign him to his label and plan to talk to him as they finish watching the show. After the main credits roll, there's an extended alternate take of Catherine ad-libbing insults during the conversation with Debbie, Pete, and the principal. 