nm0007184:

 The Oscars (2018 TV Special)Summaries The 90th Annual Academy Awards ceremony, hosted by Jimmy Kimmel, celebrates the film industry's biggest achievements for the year 2017. Honors for achievements in film take place at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles; scheduled performers including Gael Garca Bernal , Mary J. Blige , Common , Andra Day , Natalia Lafourcade , Miguel , Keala Settle and Sufjan Stevens ; Jimmy Kimmel hosts. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 That's My Bush! (2001)Summaries Somewhat dim President George W. Bush's White House more closely resembles the set of a sitcom than real life, down to the laugh track. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jimmy Kimmel Live! (2003 )Summaries Jimmy Kimmel interviews celebrities. Emmy-winning funnyman Jimmy Kimmel serves up comedy bits and welcomes guests that include other comics, celebrities, athletes and musicians, as well as everyday people with unusual or compelling personal stories. Kimmel's family and friends take part in the festivities, including his Cousin Sal, Uncle Frank (until his death in 2011) and childhood friend Cleto Escobedo III, who leads the show's house band. Recurring segments include the FCC-pleasing This Week in Unnecessary Censorship in which they take TV clips and "bleep and blur things whether they need it or not," as Kimmel describes it. But it's too bad they consistently run out of time for Matt Damon's segment. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The 68th Primetime Emmy Awards (2016 TV Special)Summaries Second-time host Jimmy Kimmel brings the top names in the television industry together for a night dedicated to the year's best performances on network and primetime television and to recognize excellence in their field. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 