nm0000542:

 The Artist (I) (2011)761) An egomaniacal film star develops a relationship with a young dancer against the backdrop of Hollywood's silent era. Outside a movie premiere, enthusiastic fan Peppy Miller literally bumps into the swashbuckling hero of the silent film, George Valentin. The star reacts graciously and Peppy plants a kiss on his cheek as they are surrounded by photographers. The headlines demand: "Who's That Girl?" and Peppy is inspired to audition for a dancing bit-part at the studio. However as Peppy slowly rises through the industry, the introduction of talking-pictures turns Valentin's world upside-down. L. Hamre It's 1927. Arguably Hollywood's most admired movie screen idol, George Valentin, is enjoying the success of his latest picture, The Russian Affair. He enjoys his work and the adulation he receives by being a movie star, as witnessed by how he hogs the spotlight during The Russian Affair's post-premiere bows. Peppy Miller is an aspiring young actress, who literally and figuratively runs into Valentin at the premiere, which ends up being the launching pad to her Hollywood acting career. The advent of talking pictures brings a reversal to their fortunes as Kinograph, the movie studio where Valentin is under contract, is looking for fresh faces such as Peppy Miller to star in their talking pictures, while Valentin resists the entire notion of talking pictures. Peppy, who appreciates everything that Valentin did for her career, tries to help him as much as she can, but Valentin may have to decide on his own where and if he fits into the Hollywood machine, one where he doesn't think people want to hear him speak. Huggo In 1927, in Hollywood, the star George Valentin is the pride and joy of the president of the Kinograph Studios Al Zimmer and worshiped by a legion of fans. Among them is Peppy Miller, who stumbles into George Valentin after the premiere of a silent film. Peppy kisses George and the photographers take pictures of them. The next morning, the headlines read "Who is that girl?" and Peppy is selected in a dancing audition to be an extra in a film. Over the next few years, Peppy climbs positions in the Kinograph Studios until the advent of talking pictures. Proud George Valentin does not believe in the 'talkies', breaks off with the studio and decides to produce and direct a silent film. The film is a complete failure and with the Great Depression, George Valentin falls and is bankrupt. Meanwhile Peppy Miller rises as new star of Kinograph Studios. But she never forgets her idol George Valentin. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It's the end of the 1920 and matine idol George Valentin is the star of Kinograph motion pictures. He's a good man, even helping out a young dancer, Peppy Miller, get her first break. Times are changing however and studio head Al Zimmer sees talking pictures as the future of the industry but George thinks that's ridiculous. As Kinograph goes in a new direction, George decides that he's going to produce and direct a great - but silent - film, Tears of Joy. When the film does little business at the box office, George is destitute. Peppy Miller meanwhile has a hit movie, Beauty Spot and learning of George's situation, decides to help him out. garykmcd In the 1920s, actor George Valentin is a bona fide matinee idol with many adoring fans. While working on his latest film, George finds himself falling in love with an ingenue named Peppy Miller and, what's more, it seems Peppy feels the same way. But George is reluctant to cheat on his wife with the beautiful young actress. The growing popularity of sound in movies further separates the potential lovers, as George's career begins to fade while Peppy's star rises. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It's 1927 and we meet silent movie star George Valentin (Jean Dujardin) on top of the world. He's behind the screen; in front of it an ecstatic audience is enthralled by his latest starring role. As the credits roll, Valentin takes the stage for what a virtuosic display of bowing, his canine sidekick performing some cute tricks too. Outside the theatre, adoring fans and press push and surge to breathe the same air as their hero. A pretty young girl at the front of the crowd drops her wallet, and makes the most of picking it up to slip under the security cordon. There's silence as Valentin looks shocked, confused, angry even - but it's all his joke and, laughing at his own power to create such confusion, he gamely poses for photos with the young lady to the delight of the assembled press, and to the chagrin of his stern, world-weary wife who reads of the escapade in the papers the next day. The young girl - one Peppy Miller (Brnice Bejo), we learn - having shared a moment with her hero is inspired to follow his path, and turns up at the studio to audition, successfully, as an extra. Valentin himself arrives at the same studio where he is again the star, this time of 'A German Affair'. On entering the studio the star is enthralled by a pair of legs he sees rehearsing on the other side of a screen. He joins the dance from his side of the screen, and beckons to the set builders to remove the screen, hoping to surprise the girl. It's he, though, who is surprised to discover the legs belong to the same Peppy Miller from last night's crowd and this morning's papers. Years pass, one presumes in a similar fashion. One day though, Al Zimmer, the immaculately stereotyped cigar-chomping, braces-pinging studio boss (John Goodman) calls Valentin in to see the latest technological innovation - a primitive attempt to record sound with motion pictures. Valentin scoffs at the footage, but is clearly ruffled by it. He dreams a nightmare where everyday sounds are exaggerated (for the first time here the film takes on a diegetic soundtrack) culminating in a confusing cacophony where a feather lands with a boom. Only his own voice is stifled; despite the soundscape around him, he is mute. Valentin's instinctive suspicion of the technology proves well-founded, when he - once the king of the silent movie - is quickly marginalised, and eventually fired by Zimmer. Audiences want change, he's told. It's time to move on. Devastated by his sudden fall to insignificance, Valentin takes to drink. Peppy, meanwhile, has done well out of the new 'talkies'. Now the doyenne of the Hollywood set and as wealthy a pin-up herself as her mentor once was, she gives a radio interview in a caf in which she attributes her success to the simple truth that audiences want change. "Out with the old, in with the new," she quips. From an adjacent table, unseen, Valentin listens in before theatrically 'making way' for young Peppy, dramatically taking his leave. Valentin's circumstances go from bad to worse. A self-funded attempt to make a return to the era of silent film ("Tears of Love") flops, and the rest of his savings are wiped out by the 1929 stock market crash. When the whisky runs dry, the ex-star auctions off everything he owns. His dour wife leaves him (perhaps the one bit of good fortune he has enjoyed since the days of stardom) and he is forced to sack his loyal butler Clifton. He visits a bar and passes out after envisioning a hand-sized miniature of him dressed as his "Tears of Love" character scolding him and miniature savages attacking him with spears. Clifton finds him on the floor of the bar and takes him to Valentin's apartment. Valentin stands in a home film projector room and has a vison of his shadow moving by itself while the screen is blank, and then off the screen. Finally, in a climax of drunken rage, Valentin sets fire to his old film reels, and, with them, his apartment. Attempting to save one canister in a sudden moment of regret, he is overcome by fumes, and it is only thanks to the endeavours of his ever-loyal dog that he is rescued by a nearby fireman. Peppy has discreetly been following Valentin's fortunes and is shocked to learn of the fire from the newspaper. She leaves a shoot to visit him in hospital, and, stopping short of declaring her love for him, takes him to her grand villa to recover. Waking briefly, Valentin realises his luck and the pair embrace. However, while Peppy is out at a shoot, Clifton arrives and reveals that he is now employed by Peppy, tosses a film script at the bed and what appears to be a Whitman Sampler on the nightstand, and gives a short speech about the drawbacks of being too prideful. But Valentin appears disdainful of the talkie script. After Clifton leaves, the convalescent Valentin roams the villa, and discovers to his horror a room full of the very possessions he himself had previously auctioned off. His pride deeply wounded by her having come to his rescue without his knowledge, he flees the house and returns to the embers of his burned-out apartment to root out his old pistol. Returning home and realising Valentin has left in anger, Peppy gives chase in her car, guessing his intention. Valentin sits in his chair with the gun in his mouth, while the dog frantically pulls at his trouser leg. The intertitle flashes up: "Bang!" But it is outside that we find the source of the noise; Peppy has crashed her car into a tree. She leaps from the wreckage and consoles Valentin just in time to avert catastrophe. She tells him she has secured a role for him in her next production. Valentin is sceptical, saying the audience doesn't want to hear him talk. Peppy tells him she has another idea, and the film ends with Al Zimmer toasting the next entertainment sensation as Valentin is back in the studio, and back to his ebullient self with Peppy as his tap dancing partner. The consummate artist, Valentin has found a way to use the new sound-recording technology without lowering himself to a speaking part. 
 The Relic (1997)541) A homicide detective and an anthropologist try to destroy a South American lizard-like god, who's on a people eating rampage in a Chicago museum. A detective is puzzled after recent spate of deaths involving decapitations. He visits a museum when a new victim is found murdered in the same way. In the museum, he encounters an evolutionary biologist who herself is puzzled after discovering a mutated beetle that possesses both insect and reptilian DNA. The detective finds a common link between the murders, hypothalamus missing from the brains of the victims. Together they both try to defeat a monster/killer who is on a killing spree. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com A detective begins to a series of gruesome murders that seem to be related to a new exhibit in the Chicago Field Museum. Working with an evolutionary biologist, the evidence mounts up to them believing that what is roaming the exhibits is more than human. itcamefromamonstermovie A researcher at Chicago's Natural History Museum sends two crates from South America containing his findings, and when the crates arrive at the museum there appears to be very little inside. However, police discover gruesome murders on the cargo ship that supposedly brought the crates to the U.S. A murder soon takes place in the museum, and while investigating the murder, Lt. Vincent D'Agosta enlists the help of Dr. Margo Green, a researcher, at the museum. She has taken an interest in the contents of her colleague's crates. Unknown to both there is a large creature roaming the museum which is gearing itself up for a benefit reception which the city's mayor is to attend. Rob Hartill Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Somewhere in the Brazilian rain forest, Anthropologist John Whitney (Lewis Van Bergen) witnesses an Aboriginal tribal ritual, performed by dancing men in a state of trance. He drinks a kind of potion, concocted by the tribe's witch (Montrose Hughes) using leaves with a kind of red fungal growth on them. After drinking it, he becomes hysterical at the sight of a native, dressed in a costume and wearing face-paint. Whitney says to himself: "Oh my God! It's Kathoga!" Later, Whitney shows up at a commercial dock, where a cargo ship named the Santos Morales, is ready to depart. Locating the ship's captain (Santos Morales), Whitney pleads with him to unload his crates, destined for the Chicago Natural History Museum. Refusing to help, the captain boards the ship. Stowing away on board, Whitney locates the ship cargo hold and pries open one of the wooden crates. Finding only rugs inside, he breaks down and screams in despair. As the ship sails away, several more crates sit on the dock, labeled: "John Whitney - Chicago Natural History Museum". A title card reads: "Six Weeks Later", as the same cargo ship arrives in Chicago. The dock is cordoned off by police and we meet Lt. Vincent D'Agosta (Tom Sizemore) as he boards the ship with Detective Hollingsworth (Clayton Rohner). There are bloodstains everywhere, and the crew appear to be all gone. Searching the cargo hold, D'Agosta finds several of the crew in the bilge - their heads severed from their bodies. D'Agosta is very superstitious and carries a "lucky bullet" for protection. Meanwhile, the Museum of Natural History in Chicago is busy preparing for the grand opening of a new exhibit which explores the origins of superstition. As Dr. Margo Green (Penelope Ann Miller), an evolutionary biologist, arrives at work, the museum curator, Dr. Ann Cuthbert (Linda Hunt) tells Margo she is in competition for a grant, which she needs to continue her research at the museum. To her chagrin, Margo's colleague, Greg Lee (Chi Muoi Lo), has applied for the same grant. The grant is provided by wealthy Museum benefactors, the Blaisedales (Constance Towers & Francis X. McCarthy), who will attend the upcoming gala to open the new exhibit. Stopping by the office of Dr Albert Frock (James Whitmore), a colleague of John Whitney, Margo is intrigued by the contents of several crates, recently sent by airfreight from Brazil (the crates left behind by the ship). The remnants of a stone artifact are wrapped in the green leaves used in the potion. Margo takes some of the leaves to analyze them, while the remainder are incinerated in the basement of the museum. As a school group on an excursion enters the museum, two boys, skipping school for the day, sneak into the museum unnoticed, and hide. Alone in the museum after closing, they notice a bad smell in a basement stairwell, and discover the body of a Security Guard (Jophery C. Brown), which alerts the authorities to a killer on the loose. The guard has been beheaded and his brain removed by the killer. While an investigation gets underway, led by Lt. Vincent D'Agosta, the stone artifact found inside the crates is gradually restored by a technician (Lynn A. Henderson), for the new "Superstition" exhibit. It is revealed later to be a depiction of the mythical "Kathoga". As Albert Frock explains, Kathoga was a Chimera - a mythical creature that combined various animals into one. The coroner Dr. Zwiezic (Audra Lindley) examines the beheaded corpse of the Security Guard, with D'Agosta present, and discovers the victim's brain weighs less than it should. It appears to be missing the hypothalamus and pituitary glands. D'Agosta later finds out the beheaded victims on board the cargo ship were also missing the same parts of their brains. As police continue to search the museum for the killer, a homeless man, living in the cavernous basement, is shot and killed by accident. When he turns out to be a convicted rapist and felon, the museum's head of security is satisfied. But D'Agosta isn't convinced. There is still no explanation for the missing hypothalamuses, or, the deaths aboard the cargo ship. But with the Mayor of Chicago (Robert Lesser) and his wife (Diane Robin) due to attend the opening night gala as guests of honor, D'Agosta bows to pressure and lets the event go ahead, but insists on heavy police presence. As the gala gets underway, Margo analyzes the leaves and discovers a link between the substance on them and the human hypothalamus. The red substance contains a concentrated dose of the same hormones secreted by the hypothalamus, enough to cause rapid mutation in animals or insects that feed on it. When a beetle gets inside the container where the leaves are stored, it grows to the size of a rat, overnight. Margo shows her findings to Dr Albert Frock, who assists with her analysis of the beetle's DNA. He subscribes to a theory called the "Calysto Effect" - a sudden jump in evolution which results in an aberrant species. Meanwhile, D'Agosta orders a search of the subterranean tunnels and old sewage system under the museum, which links up with the docks. Something in the tunnel kills a search dog and his handler, so D'Agosta orders Detective Hollingsworth back to the museum to evacuate the guests. But it's too late. As the VIPs finally enter the Superstition exhibit, the killer strikes again, setting off a panic. The security system locks down the museum, trapping almost everyone inside. While police try to break in and helicopters lower a SWAT Team onto the roof, D'Agosta orders the remaining guests into the tunnels, which lead to the outside. The Blaisedales elect to stay behind in the museum's main exhibit hall, along with the ambitious Greg Lee and the head of security. But they soon become victims of the Kathoga, which finally reveals itself. As the SWAT Team drops into the hall, they too are killed by the beast, which climbs walls and uses giant pincers to sever their heads. Locked in another wing of the museum, Margo and Dr Albert Frock discover the origin of the beast, which is a hybrid of insect, reptile and various other animals, including one human being - the missing John Whitney. As the Kathoga, he must consume huge quantities of the hormones found in the human hypothalamus, to survive. Finding Margo alive and Dr Frock dead, D'Agosta asks Margo how to kill the beast. They try unsuccessfully to freeze it in the tunnel, using liquid nitrogen, then flee back to the lab. D'Agosta orders Margo to lock herself in, while he goes after the beast, but the Kathoga outwits them and drops through the roof of the lab. While D'Agosta is locked on the other side of a metal door, Margo incinerates the Kathoga when she blows up her lab, using flammable chemicals as fuel, while hiding inside a metal container filled with water. 
 Carlito's Way (1993)651) A Puerto Rican former convict, just released from prison, pledges to stay away from drugs and violence despite the pressure around him and lead on to a better life outside of N.Y.C. A Puerto Rican ex-con pledges to stay away from his former drug dealing ways but finds himself being dragged back by his past connections and the naive machinations of his lawyer and best friend. Hoping to raise enough money to get away from New York, Carlito Brigante takes on the job of running a nightclub, renews an affair with a dancer but old associates and old instincts suck him back into a world of violence and mistrust. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> Carlito has just gotten out of prison due to technicalities with the help of his sleazy lawyer. After a life spent trafficking heroin he decides not to pursue the life of the streets. He buys into a night club and begins saving money to move to the Bahamas, but his presence as a known player makes it inevitable that he get sucked back into his violent former life. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Finally released from prison, Carlito Brigante has vowed that he will not go back to the life he once had. His move to a new life isn't easy, as Carlito must resist every taunt and every opportunity back into his old lifestyle. He meets up with his old love, Gail who shows him the person he can be in a happy life, but his good friend and lawyer, David Kleinfeld is having problems of his own and would love the help he could gain from the legend known as Carlito. FilmFanUk Carlito Brigante is released from jail after serving five years of a much longer stretch. He vows to go straight and to live life as a fine, upstanding citizen. He even rekindles a romance with his ex-lover. However, Carlito's associates cannot seem to leave him in peace...his nephew involves him a pool-room gunfight, his lawyer asks him for "favors" which spiral out of control, and even an old friend tries to get him into trouble with the law. Carlito decides to make a run for Florida and the promise of a new life, but has one final dramatic escape to make from some hoods who believe (wrongly) that he was behind the murder of their boss. Jonathon Dabell <barnabyrudge@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1975, after serving 5 years of a 30-year prison sentence, Carlito Brigante is freed on a legal technicality exploited by his lawyer, Dave Kleinfeld. Upon release from prison, Carlito decides to return to his old neighborhood of Spanish Harlem. While in the neighborhood, he reconnects with old associates. Carlito vows to be through with crime but is persuaded to accompany his cousin Guajiro to a drug deal at a bar. Guajiro is betrayed and killed and Carlito is forced to shoot his way out. He takes Guajiro's money and uses it to buy into a nightclub, with the intent of saving $75,000 to retire to the Caribbean. Carlito declines a business partnership with an ambitious young gangster from the Bronx named Benny Blanco. Carlito also rekindles his romance with former girlfriend Gail, a ballet dancer who moonlights as a stripper. An old friend, Lalin, recently released from prison and now confined to a wheelchair, comes to see Carlito, but is caught wearing a wire. Carlito realizes that District Attorney Norwalk is determined to put him back behind bars. Kleinfeld develops a love interest with Benny's girlfriend, Steffie, a waitress at the club. Benny's frustration with being rejected boils over and he confronts Carlito at his table, then manhandles Steffie. Kleinfeld pulls out a gun and threatens to kill Benny, but Carlito intervenes. Despite being threatened, Carlito lets Benny go, which alienates Carlito's bodyguard Pachanga. Kleinfeld, having stolen one million dollars from his Italian mob-boss client, "Tony T" Taglialucci, is coerced into providing his yacht to help Tony T break out of the Rikers Island prison barge. Kleinfeld begs for help and Carlito reluctantly agrees. At night, Carlito, Kleinfeld, and Tony T's son, Frankie, sail to a floating buoy outside of the prison barge where Tony T is waiting. As they pull Tony T aboard, Kleinfeld unexpectedly bludgeons him to death, then slits Frankie's throat and dumps both bodies in the East River. The next day, Kleinfeld barely survives a retaliatory assassination attempt. Carlito is apprehended by police and taken to Norwalk's office, where he is played a tape of Kleinfeld cutting a deal and offering to testify to false criminal allegations against Carlito. Norwalk is aware of Carlito being an accomplice to the Taglialucci murders and tries to leverage him into betraying Kleinfeld to save himself. Carlito refuses, but visits the hospital, where Kleinfeld confesses to selling him out. Having noticed a suspicious man dressed in a police uniform, Carlito deftly unloads Kleinfeld's revolver and leaves. The man is Tony T's other son, Vinnie, who sneaks into Kleinfeld's room and executes him. Carlito buys train tickets to Miami for himself and Gail, now pregnant. When he stops by his club to get the stashed money, Carlito is met by a group of mobsters led by Vinnie. The Italians plan on killing Carlito, who slips out through a secret exit. The Italians pursue him throughout the city's subway system and into Grand Central Terminal, where they engage in a gunfight. Carlito kills all of his pursuers except Vinnie, who is shot by police attracted by the gunfire. As Carlito runs to catch the train where Gail and Pachanga are waiting for him, he is ambushed by Benny, who shoots Carlito several times. Pachanga admits to Carlito that he is now working for Benny, only to be shot as well. Carlito hands Gail the money and tells her to escape with their unborn child and start a new life. As he is wheeled away on a gurney, Carlito stares at a billboard of a woman on a Caribbean beach. The billboard comes to life, and the woman, who is clearly Gail, starts dancing as Carlito dies. 
 The Freshman (1990)Summaries An N.Y.C. film school student accepts a job with a local mobster who resembles a famous cinema godfather and who takes the young man under his wing, after demanding total loyalty. Clark Kellogg is a young man starting his first year at film school in New York City. After a small time crook steals all his belongings, Clark meets Carmine "Jimmy the Toucan" Sabatini, an "importer" bearing a startling resemblance to a certain cinematic godfather. When Sabatini makes Clark an offer he can't refuse, he finds himself caught up in a caper involving endangered species and fine dining. Scott Renshaw <as.idc@forsythe.stanford.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 