nm0005538:

 Teaching Mrs. Tingle (1999)651) The story of a girl who is willing to do anything to become Valedictorian, even if it means murdering the teacher that stands in her way. Leigh Ann Watson (Katie Holmes) is salutatorian when she needs to be valedictorian to get her scholarship to Harvard. The only class she is worse than the leader in is history, taught by Mrs. Tingle (Dame Helen Mirren), and the teacher hates her. When an attempt to get ahead in Mrs. Tingle's class goes awry, mayhem ensues and friendships, loyalties, and trust are tested by the teacher's intricate mind-games. <fichaud2000@hotmail.com> The naive, but very bright, Leigh Ann Watson (Katie Holmes) is a senior who is one point from being her class valedictorian and from getting a scholarship to Harvard. That one thing in her way is her sly History teacher, Mrs. Eve Tingle (Dame Helen Mirren). Mrs. Tingle is the teacher of a cutthroat class, in which Leigh Ann is getting a "C". The school's outcast, Luke Churner (Barry Watson), snatches Tingle's upcoming test answers and delivers them to Leigh Ann. Mrs. Tingle finds them in Leigh Ann's bag and reports it to the Principal, who, luckily, was not present. That night, Leigh Ann; her friend, Jo Lynn Jordan (Marisa Coughlan); and Luke visit Mrs. Tingle's house to reason and confront her. The conversation ends in a deadly accident. Leigh Ann and her friends clean up the place and carry Mrs. Tingle's unconscious body to her bed and tie her up. She wakes up and the three students try and compromise, but does Mrs. Tingle just want to loosen them up before her own attack? Film_Boy1495 All her life, Leigh Ann Watson (Katie Holmes) has done the right things. But when she doesn't get an "A" in her history class, which will make her Valedictorian, she immediately blames Mrs. Eve Tingle (Dame Helen Mirren). Mrs. Tingle is the cruelest teacher in all of Grandsboro High. While Leigh Ann and her friends Luke Churner (Barry Watson) and Jo Lynn Jordan (Marisa Coughlan) are in the gym, Luke pulls out Tingle's final test, off of which to cheat. Leigh Ann is about to give it back when Mrs. Tingle walks in. She threatens to report Leigh Ann when the Principal returns back to school the next day. Unfortunately, Leigh Ann is not going to let this happen and shows up with her friends by her side to confront Mrs. Tingle. It's not possible, so just when things couldn't get worse, they drag her upstairs and tie her to her bed. Now, they have forty-eight hours to get Mrs. Tingle to compromise. But, will Mrs. Tingle give in or have a little fun first? Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Leigh Ann Watson (Katie Holmes) is a teenage student at Grandsboro High. An "A" in history would make her valedictorian and get her a scholarship to Harvard. When she turns in her history project, a three hundred sixty-five day diary of a girl accused in the Salem witch trials (a six month effort), she receives a "C" from history teacher Mrs. Eve Tingle (Dame Helen Mirren), the meanest teacher at Grandsboro High. This gives an opportunity for Trudie Tucker (Liz Stauber), a rival student, to achieve an "A" and become valedictorian. As Leigh Ann tries to catch up doing extra credit by setting up graduation seating with her best friend, Jo Lynn Jordan (Marisa Coughlan), history class failure Luke Churner (Barry Watson) enters with Mrs. Tingle's final exam cheat sheet. Leigh Ann is caught with it and Mrs. Tingle threatens to tell the Principal about it. The result would have been expulsion, so the trio of teenagers attempt to regain Leigh Ann's innocence by reasoning with Mrs. Tingle. When their attempt fails, they attack Mrs. Tingle and tie her to her bed. Is there a possible way to prove Leigh Ann innocent? William <teachingtingle@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Leigh Ann (Katie Holmes) is a high school student who wants to achieve top grades to become valedictorian. However, her grade in History class is threatened by her sadistic teacher, Mrs. Tingle (Helen Mirren). Mrs. Tingle has a special dislike for Leigh Ann and down-grades Leigh Ann's well-designed project. The teacher also stumbles upon Leigh Ann with the final exam, which had been stolen and planted in Leigh Ann's backpack without her consent, and threatens to have her expelled for it. Leigh Ann and her two friends, Luke (Barry Watson) and Jo Lynn (Marisa Coughlan), head to Mrs. Tingle's house that night and try to convince the teacher that Leigh Ann is innocent. Mrs. Tingle, however, does not listen. A physical struggle ensues and Mrs. Tingle is accidentally knocked unconscious. The students panic and tie Mrs. Tingle to her bed. Pretending to be Mrs. Tingle, Jo Lynn calls the school the next morning and feigns illness in order to buy themselves some time, but all are unsure of what they should do next. Mrs. Tingle eventually reveals that she hates Leigh Ann because Leigh Ann has the potential to leave their small town and experience life something Mrs. Tingle never got a chance to do but her honesty only furthers her captors' dislike of her. She also opines that Leigh Ann does not have the guts to do anything that will get her in trouble; in response, an angry and infuriated Leigh Ann kisses Luke and has sex with him on Mrs Tingle's couch. The next day at school, Jo Lynn ignores Leigh Ann because she had a crush a crush Leigh Ann had been aware of. A regretful Leigh Ann tries to make amends with Jo Lynn, but an admission that she'd had sex with Luke further infuriates Jo Lynn. Leigh Ann, Luke, and Jo Lynn decide to blackmail Mrs. Tingle by producing photographic evidence of her love affair with the school's gym teacher. Before they can enact their plot, however, Mrs. Tingle escapes from her bonds. After a fight at the top of the staircase, she seemingly falls to her death but then quickly recovers, scrambles to her feet, and picks up a crossbow. She fires it wildly, trying to hit Leigh Ann. Trudie Tucker (Liz Stauber) walks through the door, gets hit in the chest by the bolt, and appears to be dead just as Principal Potter (Michael McKean) arrives to check up on Mrs. Tingle. Leigh Ann forces Mrs. Tingle to tell everything that happened with her that she wanted Leigh Ann to fail, that she shot Trudie with the arrow, among other things. However, Trudie was protected by a thick textbook she was holding at her chest and was completely unharmed. Mrs. Tingle is fired, and the final scene of the film shows Leigh Ann being named valedictorian. 
 7th Heaven (19962007)Summaries Eric Camden, a minister, and his wife Annie deal with the drama of having seven children, ranging from toddlers to adults with families of their own. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sorority Boys (2002)44) Strapped for cash, three fraternity playboys make one last attempt to live the high life - cheaply - by masquerading as girls. But their chauvinistic ways come back to haunt them as they get a crash course in the opposite sex. After being falsely accused of stealing the budget for their annual cocktail cruise, three very different fraternity brothers are kicked out of their dorm. In order to clear their name and to secure their future careers, the three dress up in drag and pledge the sorority next door where they learn a few valuable - and hilarious - lessons about themselves and the female species. Three friends who head the Social Committee in a frat house, called KOK (Kappa Omicron Kappa), are charged with stealing money their fraternity has been saving for a cocktail cruise at the end of the semester, the one that guarantees them a spot at a very high paying company. yusufpiskin Three friends who live in a frat house are charged with stealing the money they have been taking for a cocktail cruise at the end of the semester. The boys have no money and dress up as girls for what is supposed to be one night. It turns out to be the rest of the semester when one plan after another to prove that they did not steal the money does not work out. In the process they realize that they treat the girls terrible and try to help them. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Boogeyman (2005)651) A young man tries to deal with the childhood terror that has never stopped haunting him. Every culture has one - The horrible monster fueling young children's nightmares. But for Tim, the BOGEYMAN still lives in his memories as a creature that devoured his father 16 years earlier. Is the BOGEYMAN real? Or did Tim make him up to explain why his father abandoned his family? The answer lies hidden behind every dark corner and half-opened closet of his childhood home - A place he must return to and face the chilling unanswered questions... Does the BOGEYMAN really exist? Set in the country, 'Boogeyman' tells the haunting tale of a young man traumatized by memories of terrible events he experienced in his childhood bedroom and who, years later, reluctantly returns home to face his fears of a monstrous entity that could be real or merely a figment of his imagination. bondish On the surface, Tim is a seemingly normal, twenty-something guy. He's got a decent job and is moving fast in his relationship with his girlfriend Jessica. But an intense, paralyzing fear that has been terrifying him since childhood is tearing him apart. And it's getting worse every day. When Tim was eight, something devastating happened. Each night his dad would put him to sleep with a bedtime story. Many of these stories teetered on the brink of horror, much to his mom's chagrin, but Tim and his father made sure his bedroom was safe when the lights finally went out. Until that one fateful night. When Tim is forced to move outside his comfort zone on a Thanksgiving trip to Jessica's parents, he leaves this protected world and things begin to fall apart. Ghost House Pictures Tim is a young man with a great trauma: when his father left his family sixteen years ago, in his imagination his father was indeed taken by the Boogeyman. In Thanksgiving, while visiting the family of his girlfriend Jessica, his uncle Mike calls him informing that his mother has just passed away. Tim travels to his hometown, meets his former crush Kate Houghton and advised by his shrink, decides to spend the night is in old home to face the monster of his imagination. Along the night, weird events happen with Tim and his closest friends. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the surface, Tim Jensen (Barry Watson) seems to be a normal person, with a steady job and a good relationship with his girlfriend Jessica. However, a terrifying event that he witnessed as a child (Aaron Murphy) has left him traumatized, where his father (Charles Mesure) was taken by the Boogeyman (Andrew Glover), an evil creature which lives in all closets worldwide. Since then, he has taken precautions to ensure that the Boogeyman cannot get to him, such as sleeping on a mattress on the floor, and removing all closets from his home and keeping all his clothes in a dresser drawer. After a Thanksgiving trip with Jessica (Tory Mussett) to her parents' house, Tim has a premonition in which his Mother (Lucy Lawless), presently imprisoned at a madhouse, tells him to return to the family home. Tim awakes and won't relax until he finds out what happened with his mother. When he rings the hospital, he discovers his mother has died. Upon returning to the psychiatric ward where he grew up after his father died, he discovers that one of the patients, a young girl, is being threatened by the Boogeyman, which this time lives in her attic. Upon a suggestion by his psychiatrist that returning to his family home to spend the night in that house would be a good idea, Tim returns to his old Victorian style house in the open country, where he relives memories of his mother telling his father that the Boogeyman does not exist and therefore cannot possibly harm Tim. Tim is briefly attacked by the Boogeyman when he enters the downstairs closet. However, despite enjoying a reunion with Kate Houghton (Emily Deschanel), his childhood friend, he becomes convinced that he is being watched by the same entity that has terrorized him his entire life. Soon the Boogeyman starts showing up in various unexpected places, including Kate's house. Tim attempts to warn Kate of the danger she is in, but she freaks out when Tim begins acting paranoid and strange. Frustrated at Tim's refusal to tell her what is really wrong with him, Kate claims that the person Tim saw in her house was in fact her deaf father. Upon returning to his house, Tim meets a young girl in his woodshed, named Franny Roberts (Skye McCole Bartusiak) who wants to know that if it's true that the Boogeyman murdered Tim's father. Tim does not know where she heard this information, and he firmly tells her that the Boogeyman cannot exist. However, when Tim reenters the house, he discovers a disturbing file of Missing Person lists and documents, and upon flicking through them, he discovers a collection of missing children whom were all taken by the Boogeyman. The Boogeyman has been taking various children throughout history. When Tim looks down from a photo of a missing boy, he discovers the same missing boy standing before him. When he looks around, Tim discovers a huge crowd of the missing children moving towards him, their faces deadly white and ghostly pale. The children all come up and start brushing Tim, who faints. When he awakes, he is alone again in the house. Jessica, his girlfriend, abruptly shows up and she takes Tim out of the house for a night in a quiet hotel, where she is murdered by the Boogeyman, who spies at her through the closet in the bathroom before dragging her into the bath. Tim appears and enters the hotel bathroom, and then finds that Jessica is missing. He realizes what has occurred, and stumbles blindly into a closet, and then walks out into his family home, just as Kate, his friend, has returned to his home and, upon hearing noises from the closets, was about to open the door herself. She is momentarily frightened by Tim's mysterious appearance, but then begins to worry when Tim panics about Jessica, a woman she never met, and then Tim drags Kate back to the hotel, where they find the empty bath; this time with blood on the side. They both wonder what has happened; Kate thinking that Tim might've harmed Jessica; but Tim angrily denies it. They return to the house, and Tim meets Franny once more, who leads him to a ward full of proclamations describing the Boogeyman. There is a chair in the middle of the room facing a closet. Tim remembers this room as being the home of a doctor whom everyone thought insane. Franny then reveals herself to be one of the dead kids whom the Boogeyman murdered, and disappears, telling Tim he'd best go to the place where it all started. Tim does so and returns to his bedroom just as his Uncle Mike (Philip Gordon) arrives home. Mike is attacked and killed by the Boogeyman who wraps him in plastic sheeting and drags him into a closet. Kate joins Tim upon hearing the commotion and then she also sees the Boogeyman. Tim attempts to sit in the chair and face the Boogeyman but the Boogeyman thwarts his efforts. Tim is attacked by the Boogeyman who drags him under a bed and he awakes in the hotel which he stayed in with Jessica, revealing that closets and beds are portals after all. Tim sees Jessica being drowned by the Boogeyman, who attacks Tim, dragging him back under a bed where he reunites with Kate at his house. The Boogeyman chases Tim upstairs to his bedroom where Tim begins to fend off the Boogeyman. The monster turns into various toys Tim was afraid of, such as a ball of electricity in a glass case, and a murder of crows, and then a humanoid figurine which stood on Tim's bedside table. The Boogeyman attempts to drag Tim back into a closet to kill him, but realising that the monster is only posing as a figurine, Tim picks up the figurine and slams the toy against a dresser, smashing the torso to pieces, causing the Boogeyman to suffer the same injury. Tim then kicks the Boogeyman back into the closet. The Boogeyman resurfaces however causes a vortex of winds, trying to draw Tim into the closet once more, clawing at Tim's legs, but Tim and Kate cling onto grounded objects in the room and Tim punches the Boogeyman in the jaw, causing him to fall back into the closet and into an ethereal pit. With the Boogeyman gone, Tim hopes that his and Kate's lives will be safer. Morning dawns and Tim already feels better and the credits roll. However, a post-credits scene reveals a young girl being tormented by the monster, revealing that the Boogeyman has resurfaced out of the closet. 