nm0004460:

 Toy Story 2 (1999)761) When Woody is stolen by a toy collector, Buzz and his friends set out on a rescue mission to save Woody before he becomes a museum toy property with his roundup gang Jessie, Prospector, and Bullseye. While Andy is away at summer camp Woody has been toynapped by Al McWiggin, a greedy collector and proprietor of "Al's Toy Barn"! In this all-out rescue mission, Buzz and his friends Mr. Potato Head, Slinky Dog, Rex and Hamm springs into action to rescue Woody from winding up as a museum piece. They must find a way to save him before he gets sold in Japan forever and they'll never see him again! Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Woody is stolen from his home by toy dealer Al McWhiggin, leaving Buzz Lightyear and the rest of the gang to try to rescue him. But when Woody discovers that he's actually a valuable collectible from a once-popular television show called "Woody's Roundup" and is reunited with his horse Bullseye, Jessie the yodeling cowgirl and his faithful sidekick, Stinky Pete the Prospector, he doesn't want to leave. Jwelch5742 Whilst Andy is at summer camp, Woody is accidentally placed in a yard sale. Al, a greedy toy collector spots him and sneaks away from the yard with the toy. Whilst Woody is meeting up with new toys, Jessie the cowgirl, Stinky Pete the prospector and Bullseye the horse, whilst Buzz Lightyear and the rest of the toys enter the real world outside the house to find him. Film_Fan In "Toy Story 2," the fun and adventure continues when Andy goes off to summer camp and the toys are left to their own devices. Things shift into high gear when an obsessive toy collector kidnaps Woody who unbeknownst to himself is a highly valued collectable. It's now up to Buzz Lightyear and the gang from Andy's room - Mr. Potato Head, Slinky Dog, Rex and Hamm - to spring into action and save their pal from winding up as a museum piece. There's plenty of excitement and fun as the toys get into one predicament after another in their daring race to get home before Andy does. Aaron <michaels@freeway.net> TOY STORY 2 picks up sometime after TOY STORY left off. Andy is having a yard sale. A broken toy penguin named Wheezy is thrown in a selling box. In a rescue attempt, Woody gets Wheezy back. Unfortunately, Woody is left behind in a box and is stolen by a greedy toy collector. In an all-out rescue mission, Buzz and the gang try to get Woody back. Adding to the conflicts is the toy collector is soon selling Woody to Japan. neo101 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the movie begins, Woody is excited to be going to Cowboy Camp, a yearly event when just he and Andy are together. But before they leave, Andy accidentally rips Woody's arm. Andy can't fix Woody, so rather than take him to camp, he leaves Woody behind. The next day, Andy's mom holds a yard sale, and almost all the toys panic that they will be sold. However, the one in real danger is a little squeaky toy penguin named Wheezy, whose squeaker is broken. Woody manages to call Andy's dog Buster to help him, and they get Wheezy back in the house. However, Woody is left outside and is soon found by Al McWhiggen, the owner of Al's Toy Barn. Andy's mom quickly plucks Woody from the collector's grasp, saying that Woody is not for sale. When Andy's mom turns her back, though, Al manages to steal Woody, and quickly rushes off. The toys have seen this from Andy's room, and Buzz rushes outside to rescue his friend. However, the vehicle pulls away, but not before leaving behind a feather. Buzz also notes the license plate, which reads LZTYBRN. Back in Andy's room, the toys review the events as they unfolded, while Buzz uses Mr Spell to help him decipher the license plate. Finally, he hits on the key: Al's Toy Barn. Meanwhile, Woody finds himself in an apartment, and once Al leaves, meets up with three other toys: a horse named Bullseye, a cowgirl doll named Jessie, and an in-the-box doll called the Prospector. Each of the toys is excited to see Woody, but he has no idea who they are. They show him around Al's apartment, where Woody soon learns that he was once the star of a popular children's show called Woody's Round-Up. Back at Andy's place, the toys scan the television in Andy's room for a commercial advertising Al's Toy Barn. Etch-a-Sketch takes down the location, and Buzz jots it down on a post-it note. A rescue party is assembled, comprised of Buzz, Potato Head, Hamm, Rex, and Slinky Dog. Buzz tells the others that they'll return before Andy comes back from Cowboy Camp. Meanwhile, Woody has been watching episodes of the old television show in Al's apartment, but is shocked when one episode ends on a cliffhanger. The Prospector tells Woody that once public attention turned to astronauts, cowboys were out, and space toys were in. Woody's mood soon sours when he learns that the entire collection of Woody's Round-Up merchandise, as well as the four of them, are all set to be sold to the Kinishi Toy Museum in Tokyo, Japan. Woody says that he can't go, and has to get back to Andy. The Prospector explains that the museum will only accept everything if he (Woody) is included. Otherwise, the entire collection (including Bullseye, Jessie, and the Prospector) will go back into storage -- a situation that gets Jessie very upset. Suddenly Al returns, intending to get a group photo to send to the Toy Museum. In the process, he pulls off Woody's right arm. Al takes the arm and calls a toy repairman, while Woody freaks out over the loss of his arm. Later that evening, Al returns to the main room and falls asleep watching TV. Woody notices that his arm is in Al's pocket, and attempts to get it back. However, the VCR suddenly turns on, startling Al, and foiling Woody's plans. Al leaves the room and Woody notices the VCR remote near Jessie, prompting him to accuse her. Jessie does not take this lightly, and gets into a fight with Woody, before the Prospector breaks up their scuffle. The next morning, Buzz and the other rescuers finally reach Al's Toy Barn and split up to find Woody. Buzz's journey takes him down the Buzz Lightyear aisle, where he sees multiple versions of himself. Noting a display toy with a new anti-gravity belt, Buzz attempts take the belt for himself, but the display Buzz grabs him and subdues him. Much like Buzz in the first film, this other Buzz assumes he is a real space ranger. The deluded Buzz seals the real Buzz in a Buzz Lightyear box. When the others come along, they assume that deluded Buzz is their friend. Deluded Buzz goes off with the others as the real Buzz struggles to get out of his packaging prison. Back at Al's, the toy cleaner comes and fixes Woody, repairing his arm, then cleaning him and touching up his paint. The cleaner paints over the "ANDY" scrawling on the bottom of Woody's boot, making Woody look just like new. Al then takes the photos he needs, and goes off to his toy store to fax the information over to Japan. Woody is ecstatic to be whole again, and intends to leave -- much to Jessie's ire. The Prospector tells Woody that maybe he should patch things up between the two of them before he goes. Woody tries to tell Jessie about how great Andy is, but Jessie tells him that she once had an owner as well, named Emily. Jessie flashes back to her experiences of being loved, forgotten, and ultimately abandoned by her owner, Emily. "When She Loved Me" (by Randy Newman, voice: Sarah McLachlan) serves as the audio, in a memorable cinema-tearjerker montage, depicting how as Emily grew up, Jessie was put aside, and finally tossed into a donations box, never to see her owner again. Woody quietly starts to leave, when the Prospector warns that the same thing could happen to him, because he can't stop Andy from growing up. If he goes back, he may be discarded like Jessie ... but if he stays with the group, they'll be safe and last forever. Woody decides to listen to the Prospector, much to the delight of the other toys. Back at Al's Toy Barn, the gang finds Al sending a fax to Japan before going home to pack for his trip to Tokyo. The group jumps into Al's satchel, sure that he'll lead them to Woody. Back in the Buzz Lightyear aisle, the real Buzz has freed himself, and seeing Rex's tail sticking out the back of Al's satchel, follows along a few steps behind. As Buzz exits the store, he knocks over a display, which also contains a boxed toy of Buzz's arch-enemy: Zurg. The toy sees Buzz running off and pursues him. Unfortunately for the toys, Al leaves his bag in the car, so they attempt to enter Al's building using the ventilation system and an opening into the apartment building's elevator. Eventually, they make it to Al's apartment and find Woody, quickly attempting to rescue him, but not before the real Buzz shows up and proves himself to his friends. Woody then shocks his friends, claiming that he actually wants to go to Japan. In a near-reverse from the first film, Woody eagerly talks about the television show that was centered on his character, and all the related merchandise. "Woody, you're not a collectible, you are a child's plaything. You. are. a. TOY!" exclaims Buzz, intending to make his friend stay with Andy. But Woody pleads that he is living on borrowed time; any more damage and he could be thrown away. Buzz reminds Woody that he once told him life was only worth living if you're loved by a kid, and that's why he came to rescue Woody...because he believed those words. When Woody still refuses to go, the others decide to leave him. "I don't have a choice, Buzz," says Woody. "This is my only chance." "To do what, Woody?" asks Buzz, "To be looked at from behind glass and never be loved again? Some life." After they leave, Woody contemplates what Buzz said, and as an episode of Woody's Round-Up plays on the TV, Woody looks at his boot, and scrapes off the paint covering the name "ANDY." Woody suddenly has second thoughts, goes to the ventilation grate, and yells to Buzz that he's changed his mind, but then asks Jessie and Bullseye to come with him. Jessie is afraid of being hurt again, but Woody really wants her to come. Woody is about to ask the Prospector, when he finds the Prospector out of his box, sealing off the ventilation shaft cover. The Prospector's anger then comes out: he's spent his entire life in a package...never bought, never loved. He fully intends to go to Japan along with Woody, Jessie and Bullseye. Woody's friends attempt to open the grate, but haven't succeeded by the time Al returns to take the gang to Tokyo. The rescuers head back down the ventilation shaft towards the elevator, only to encounter the Zurg toy that was freed when the toys left Al's Toy Barn. The duplicate Buzz faces off against Zurg, but soon is shocked when the evil ruler proclaims that he is Buzz's father, and attempts to destroy him. Rex saves the day when he accidentally knocks Zurg off the elevator, defeating him. As the group makes their way to the lobby, they are unable to get in Al's car before it drives away, but they 'borrow' a Pizza Planet delivery truck that is running nearby. The duplicate Buzz stays behind. He's found Zurg, they're partaking in a father/son game of catch. The group makes it to the Tri-County Airport and manages to get to the baggage area. Because there are numerous cases like Al's, the group splits up. Buzz is eventually able to find the right one, but not before the Prospector pops out and punches him away. Woody faces off to fight the Prospector, but not before the angry toy uses his pick-axe to rip the new stitching on Woody's arm. The Prospector promises further dismemberment unless Woody complies and returns to the suitcase, but the plan is foiled when the rest of the group arrive. As Buzz holds the Prospector aloft, he rants that children destroy toys, and that someday they'll be tossed out and forgotten, rotting away in a landfill. Woody soon decides that the Prospector could benefit from a little 'playtime,' and the gang shoves him into a little girl's backpack. Upon receiving her backpack, the girl declares that the Prospector needs a makeover. Back in the airport baggage room, the gang has successfully freed Bullseye, but is unable to get to Jessie before the suitcase is sent out to the airplane. Riding on Bullseye, Woody and Buzz give chase, with Woody eventually making his way to the airplane. Jessie is pleased that Woody came to rescue her, but the joy soon turns to panic when the baggage doors close, and the plane begins to move. Woody and Jessie make their way out through an opening near the plane's front tires. Then Woody slips, and almost rips his right arm off again, before Buzz appears below. Woody and Jessie manage to swing off the wheel-well using Woody's pull-string and hop aboard Bullseye just as the plane takes off. The next day, Andy returns from Cowboy Camp and eagerly looks for his toys. They're neatly displayed on the bed -- and there are some new ones. Andy patches up Woody's arm in his own special way, and writes his name on the bottom of Jessie's and Bullseye's feet. Woody is soon overjoyed to see that Wheezy has also been fixed. One of the toys found an extra squeaker at the bottom of the toy box, and gleefully, Wheezy breaks into song. As the toys are enjoying the performance, Woody and Buzz go over to the nearby window, where down below, Andy, Molly, and their Mother are playing in the driveway. "Are you worried?" asks Buzz, remembering Woody's fears of Andy growing up and throwing him away. "About Andy?" asks Woody. "Nah. It'll be fun while it lasts." "I'm proud of you, cowboy," says Buzz, happy that his friend has come to terms with their uncertain future. "Besides," says Woody, putting an arm around his friend, "when it's all over, I'll have my old pal Buzz Lightyear to keep me company... To infinity, and beyond." The two join the other toys as Wheezy finishes his song ("You've Got A friend In Me," voice: Robert Goulet). 
 It's the Pied Piper, Charlie Brown (2000 TV Short)Summaries Based on the legend of the Pied Piper, it stars Snoopy as the title character, who tries to rid the Peanuts' gang's hometown of mice by playing his concertina, in return for a year's supply of dog food. Charlie Brown tells Sally a somewhat modified version of the legend of the Pied Piper, as Snoopy plays the title character who tries to rid the Peanuts' gang's hometown of sports playing, loudly dancing mice by playing his accordion in return for a year's supply of dog food. Jason Breslin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Bug's Life (1998)871) A misfit ant, looking for "warriors" to save his colony from greedy grasshoppers, recruits a group of bugs that turn out to be an inept circus troupe. At an annual pace, a huge colony of ants is forced to collect every piece of food that grows on their island for a group of menacing grasshoppers. But that all changes when a misfit inventor ant named Flik accidentally knocks over the offering pile thus forcing the grasshoppers' devious leader Hopper to force the ants to redo their gathering of food. Despite the fact that his friends don't believe him and desperate to help save the colony, Flik volunteers to go out into the world and search for a group of 'warrior' bugs. Instead, what he got was a talented group of circus performers. But when the grasshoppers return and take control of the island, Flik must prove himself a true hero before it's too late. Blazer346 In every season, greedy grasshoppers demand a share of food from a colony of ants. But one day, their annual offering is inadvertently destroyed, and the grasshoppers demand twice as much food as compensation. So the ants send a misfit ant named Flik to seek for "warrior bugs" to battle the grasshoppers, only to discover that the group of bugs he recruited are an inept circus troupe. But the bugs are the ants' only hope to fight off their enemies. MadMovieManiac Sadly, the good Queen of Ant Island and her gracious daughter, Princess Atta, are absolutely helpless against the absurd annual demands of the opportunistic Hopper and his hordes of mindless grasshoppers. However, this year, things are bound to get from bad to worse, as an embarrassing and terrible catastrophe threatens to disrupt the already frail balance between the two species. Now, only Flik--a resourceful young ant and a hopeful inventor--a mighty army, and a genuine miracle can save the defenceless colony from the rapacious predators; however, this is easier said than done. Undoubtedly, it's a hard life for a bug out there; nevertheless, can Flik manage to save the day? Nick Riganas A colony of ants is under the thumb of the grasshoppers, who extort food from the ants. One ant, Flik, decides to do something about this. He sets out to the city to find some warrior bugs to fight the grasshoppers. Hew returns with an assortment of characters he believes will be enough to battle the ant's oppressors, only to find that they're a troupe of circus performers. grantss Every year, a bunch of grasshoppers come to the anthill and eat what the ants have gathered for them. The "offering", as the ants call the ritual, is a part of their fate. One day in spring, when the offering's preparation has just been finished, Flik, unliked inventor ant, accidentally drops the whole offered seeds into the river. The grasshoppers come and give the ants a second chance to collect food until fall. Flik sets off to find bugs that are willing to fight the grasshoppers (nobody expects him to succeed anyway) and, due to a double misinterpretation, returns with a circus crew, giving everybody new hope. When the misunderstanding finally gets cleared out, there is only little time left for a new plan, which has to work, or else... Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Once every year, some grasshoppers come to an anthill and eat what the ants have made. One year, a bug named Flik by accident drops the seeds into the river. The grasshoppers give the ants one last chance to find the food by the next season. Flik goes off to find help, and meets up with a circus crew, giving the ants some hope... neo101 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On a small island with a large tree, a colony of ants is preparing food for the arrival of a band of grasshoppers. Of the ants that are working, one of them that stands out is an industrious one named Flik. Flik is constantly inventing new things for the colony to reduce labor, but his ideas are often shouted down and shunned by the colony, who feel the old-fashioned way of preparing the grasshoppers' "offering" is the only way to do things. The only one who seems to believe in Flik is the young Princess of the colony named Dot. Secretly, Flik is attracted to her older sister, Atta, who is next in line for the throne. As the time for the grasshoppers to arrive approach, the colony heads down into the anthill, intent to wait for the grasshoppers to eat the offering, and leave. Unfortunately, Flik is the last one to put his items on the offering stone, and ends up causing the platform to collapse with his piece of machinery. All the food they've gathered spills into the stream. When the grasshoppers finally arrive and find nothing, they break into the anthill to terrorize the ants. The leader of the grasshoppers, Hopper, demands that the offering be replenished by the Fall season, and terrorizes Dot, before Flik comes forward to try and defend her. Hopper then commands that the offering be doubled, due to Flik's speaking up against them. During the meeting, Hopper's dimwitted brother, Molt, lets it slip that Hopper is afraid of birds. Hopper silences his brother and the grasshoppers leave, promising to return when the last leaf of Autumn falls. The colony is now in trouble, as there isn't enough food to fulfill Hopper's request and provide sustenance for the colony. Flik is brought before a tribunal in regards to his causing the trouble. As the group convenes, Flik then thinks up a new idea: if the colony could find bigger bugs to help them defend the colony, they could be instrumental in scaring off the grasshoppers from ever returning. The others think this is a bad idea, until Flik volunteers to look. Thinking that his search will take a long time, the council decides to accept Flik's request, figuring he'll be away from them long enough to keep from causing further trouble. In another part of the region, a motley crew of bugs are performing in a circus led by a flea, PT Flea. The circus isn't well-attended, most of the audience being flies who jeer and cajole the performers, especially when their acts fail. PT, desperate to keep the flies from leaving, announces a new act call "Flaming Death" where his crew will work together to keep him from being burned. The act fails miserable because the bugs can't coordinate their efforts and PT is burned anyway. He fires them all on the spot. Flik sets off the next day to head for the big city, eventually finding his way into a 'bug bar,' asking around for tough 'warrior bugs.' His attention is suddenly drawn to a group of bugs in a corner, who it seems are preparing to take on a small gang of flies and their huge member, Thud. They make a valiant effort, posing as medieval knights but their ruse fails and the 'bug bar' ends up being wrecked, and Flik misses much of the fight. However, in the aftermath, Flik thinks he's found the perfect guardians to help his colony. He pleads his case to the group, saying how he's been looking for bugs with their talent, and asking for their help regarding the incoming group of grasshoppers. The group eagerly accepts, thinking Flik wants them to perform at a dinner theatre and, hoping to avoid trouble from the bar's owner & the flies they fought with, they head off for Ant Island. When Flik returns, Atta and the elders are shocked that Flik actually found 'warrior bugs.' Atta is at first unsure, but the ladybug of the group. Francis (Dennis Leary), promises that they will knock the grasshoppers 'dead' when they come. A party is then held in honor of the group, including a tribute and art showing the warriors fighting off the grasshoppers. The group then grows leery, realizing they're meant to fight a war for the ants instead of merely performing. Rosie whispers to Flik that they're actually just circus bugs and Flik is horrified, accusing the group of tricking them. When Atta appears, Flik convinces her that the circus bugs will fight for them. Discovering their mutual misunderstanding, the circus bugs attempt to leave, but are forced back by a bird. They work together to save Princess Dot, the Queen's daughter and Atta's sister, from the bird as they flee, gaining the ants' trust in the process. They continue the ruse of being "warriors" so the troupe can continue to enjoy the attention and hospitality of the ants. The bird encounter inspires Flik into creating an artificial bird to scare away Hopper, leader of the grasshoppers. The bird is constructed from sticks and leaves, but the circus bugs are exposed by their former ringmaster, P.T. Flea, when he arrives searching for them. Angered at Flik's deception, the ants exile him and desperately try to pull together enough food for a new offering to the grasshoppers, but fail to do so. When the grasshoppers discover a meager offering upon their arrival, they take control of the entire colony and begin eating the ants' winter store of food. After overhearing Hopper's plan to kill the queen, Dot leaves in search of Flik and the warrior bugs and convinces them to return and save the colony with his original plan. The plan nearly works, but P.T. Flea lights the artificial bird on fire, causing it to crash and be revealed as a fake. Hopper has Flik beaten by his thug, Thumper, in retaliation, but Flik defies Hopper and inspires the entire colony and the warriors to stand up to the grasshoppers and drive them out of the colony. Before Hopper can be disposed of, it begins to rain where the drops of water are like large bombs. In the chaos, Hopper viciously pursues Flik, who leads him to the actual bird's nest. Hopper mistakes the real bird for another fake bird, and taunts it, attracting its attention. The grasshopper is eaten by the bird and its chicks. Some time later, Flik has been welcomed back to the colony, and he and Atta are now a couple. As the troupe departs with the last grasshopper, Molt, as an employee, Atta is crowned the new Queen, while Dot gets the princess' crown. The circus troupe then departs as Flik, Atta and Dot watch and wave farewell in a tree branch. 
 Babe (1995)541) Babe, a pig raised by sheepdogs on a rural English farm, learns to herd sheep with a little help from Farmer Hoggett. Gentle farmer Arthur Hoggett wins a piglet named Babe at a county fair. Narrowly escaping his fate as Christmas dinner when Farmer Hoggett decides to show him at the next fair, Babe bonds with motherly border collie Fly and discovers that he can herd sheep too. But will the other farm animals, including Fly's jealous husband, Rex, accept a pig who doesn't conform to the farm's social hierarchy? Jwelch5742 Farmer Hoggett wins a runt piglet at a local fair and Babe, as the piglet decides to call himself, befriends and learns about all the other animals on the farm. He becomes special friends with Fly, one of the sheep dogs. With her help and Farmer Hoggett's intuition, Babe embarks on a career in sheepherding with some surprising and spectacular results. Kathy Li Babe is a little pig who doesn't quite know his place in the world. With a bunch of odd friends, like Ferdinand the duck who thinks he is a rooster and Fly, the sheep dog he calls Mom, he realizes that he has the makings to become the greatest sheep pig of all time, and Farmer Hoggett knows it. With Fly's help he learns that a pig can be anything that he wants to be. Eric Hines <Hedgehog@netrix.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Babe, an orphaned piglet, is chosen for a "guess the weight" contest at a county fair. The winning farmer, Arthur Hoggett, brings him home and allows him to stay with a Border Collie named Fly, her mate Rex and their puppies, in the barn. A duck named Ferdinand, who crows as roosters are said to every morning to wake people so he will be considered useful and be spared from being eaten, persuades Babe to help him destroy the alarm clock that threatens his mission. Despite succeeding in this, they wake Duchess, the Hoggetts' cat, and in the confusion accidentally destroy the living room. At the barn meeting, Rex sternly instructs Babe to stay away from Ferdinand (now a fugitive) and the house. Sometime later, when Fly's puppies are put up for sale, Babe asks if he can call her "Mom". Christmas brings a visit from the Hoggetts' relatives. Babe is almost chosen for Christmas dinner but a duck is picked instead after Hoggett remarks to his wife Esme that Babe may bring a prize for ham at the next county fair. On Christmas Day, Babe justifies his existence by alerting Hoggett to sheep rustlers stealing sheep from one of the fields. The next day, Hoggett sees Babe sort the hens, separating the brown from the white ones. Impressed, he takes him to the fields and allows him to try and herd the sheep. Encouraged by an elder ewe named Maa, the sheep cooperate, but Rex sees Babe's actions as an insult to sheepdogs and confronts Fly in a vicious fight for encouraging Babe. He injures her leg and accidentally bites Hoggett's hand when he tries to intervene. Rex is then chained to the dog house, muzzled and sedated, leaving the sheep-herding job to Babe. One morning, Babe is awakened by the sheep's cries and finds three dogs attacking them. Although he manages to scare them off, Maa is mortally injured and dies as a result. Hoggett arrives and, thinking that Babe killed her, prepares to shoot him. Fly is so anxious to find out whether he is guilty or innocent that, instead of barking orders at the sheep, she talks to them to find out what happened. Learning the truth, she barks to distract Hoggett, delaying him until Esme mentions that the police say feral dogs have been killing sheep on neighboring farms and asks him why he has taken his shotgun out. When Esme leaves on a trip, Hoggett signs Babe up for a local sheep-herding competition. As it is raining the night before, Hoggett lets him and Fly into the house. However, Duchess scratches him when he tries to speak to her, so Hoggett immediately confines her outside. When she is let back in later, she gets revenge on Babe by revealing that humans eat pigs. Horrified, he runs out to the barn and learns from Fly that this is true. The next morning, Fly discovers that Babe has run away. She and Rex alert Hoggett and they all search for him. Rex finds him in a cemetery and Hoggett brings him home. However, he is still demoralized and refuses to eat. Hoggett gives him a drink from a baby bottle, sings to him "If I Had Words" and dances a jig for him. This restores Babe's faith in Hoggett's affection and he begins eating again. At the competition, Babe meets the sheep that he will be herding, but they ignore his attempts to speak to them. As Hoggett is criticized by the bemused judges and ridiculed by the public for using a pig instead of a dog, Rex runs back to the farm to ask the sheep what to do. They give him a secret password, first extracting a promise that he will treat them better from now on. He returns in time to convey the password to Babe, and the sheep now follow his instructions flawlessly. Amid the crowd's acclamation, he is unanimously given the highest score. While he sits down next to the farmer, Hoggett praises him with the standard command to sheep dogs that their job is done, "That'll do, Pig. That'll do." 