nm0005351:

 X-Men Origins: Wolverine (2009)431) The early years of James Logan, featuring his rivalry with his brother Victor Creed, his service in the special forces team Weapon X, and his experimentation into the metal-lined mutant Wolverine. Two mutant brothers, Logan and Victor, born two hundred years ago, suffer childhood trauma and have only each other to depend on. Basically, they're fighters and killers, living from war to war throughout U.S. history. In modern times, a U.S. Colonel, Stryker, recruits them and other mutants as commandos. Logan quits and becomes a logger, falling in love with a local teacher. When Logan refuses to rejoin Stryker's crew, the Colonel sends the murderous Victor. Logan now wants revenge. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Hunted down like prey and always on the run, the mutant half-siblings, James Logan and Victor Creed, roam this earth for nearly two centuries. Having survived an endless string of devastating wars thanks to their incredible regenerative and self-healing abilities, the brothers, eventually, will part ways when Colonel William Stryker offers them a chance at redemption. However, against the backdrop of a personal loss, Logan will also confront an even bigger challenge--one that brings him head-to-head with the ugly face of retribution, and a technologically enhanced mighty adversary. Has the wild Wolverine the tools to vanquish him? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1845 in North-Western Territory, British North America, young James Howlett ( Troye Sivan ) sees his father John Howlett ( Peter O'Brien ) killed by his friend Victor Creed's father, Thomas Logan ( Aaron Jeffery ). In an act of vengeance, James kills the elder Logan using bone claws which have grown out of his hands due to the stress of the incident. With his dying breath, Logan tells James that he is also his son. James runs out of the house, followed by Victor, who finds him and promises his younger brother that he'll look out for him. James and Victor ( Michael-James Olsen ) run away, pursued by a torch-wielding mob. In the years that follow, adult brothers James ( Hugh Jackman ) and Victor ( Liev Schreiber ) are seen fighting together in the American Civil War, World War I, World War II, and eventually the Vietnam War. Their regenerative powers keep them from being killed in the battlefield and they both age considerably slowly compared to non-mutants. James is forced to act as a check on Victor's increasing rage and ferocity. In Vietnam, Victor kills a superior officer after being stopped from raping a girl, and James and Victor are sentenced to death by firing squad, though their unique regenerative abilities keep them alive. While they are incarcerated, Major William Stryker ( Danny Huston ) approaches the two mutants and offers them membership in Team X, his elite group of mutants. The team consists of mutants Fred Dukes ( Kevin Durand ), who possesses super strength and invulnerability; John Wraith ( Will.i.am ), who can teleport; Chris Bradley ( Dominic Monaghan ), a.k.a. Bolt, who can control electricity and possesses telekinetic abilities; expert marksman Agent Zero ( Daniel Henney ); and mercenary Wade Wilson ( Ryan Reynolds ), an amazing swordsman who never stops talking. The brothers join the group and are sent to the team's first mission: Invade the headquarters of a diamond trafficking operation in Lagos, Nigeria, to retrieve a meteorite. When Stryker asks the diamond smuggler about the source of the meteorite, the smuggler tells him that it came from a remote village further into Nigeria. The team goes there and Stryker and the team brutally interrogate the local people to learn where the meteorite was found. James is disgusted by the murders committed by his teammates and abandons the group over Victor's persuasions and protests. Six years afterward, James -- now going by his last name, Logan -- is a lumberjack living with his girlfriend Kayla Silverfox ( Lynn Collins ). Meanwhile, Victor hunts down and murders Bradley, who works at a circus; Victor mentions that Wade is already dead. Stryker locates Logan and claims that someone is killing members of the now-disbanded team. Stryker asks Logan for help, but is refused. Shortly after, Silverfox is murdered by Victor. Wolverine hunts down his half-brother, but is easily defeated. Stryker once again asks Logan for help, and Logan agrees. Stryker has Logan's skeletal system reinforced with adamantium, a virtually indestructible metal retrieved from the meteorite source found by Team X in Nigeria. Before the procedure, Logan asks for his new dog tags to say "Wolverine," a reference to a story that Kayla told him. After the procedure, Stryker orders Wolverine's memory to be erased, but Wolverine overhears this and flees. Stryker orders Agent Zero to hunt him down and take his head off. An elderly couple, Travis ( Max Cullen ) and Heather Hudson ( Julia Blake ), see Wolverine -- who escaped in the buff -- enter their barn. They're wary but welcoming, giving him food and clothing, including a leather jacket of their son's -- and their son's motorcycle. The next morning, both are shot dead by Zero. Wolverine takes out several HMMWVs, a helicopter and Zero himself, telling Stryker over Zero's radio, that he'll hunt him down. Stryker warns Wolverine that if he chooses to go after the answers he seeks, he won't like what he finds. Wolverine locates former associates John Wraith and Fred Dukes (who is now massively obese from a guilt-driven eating disorder), seeking to learn the location of Stryker's new laboratory. After beating Dukes in a boxing match, Wolverine learns the disbanded team had been capturing young mutants for Stryker. One of them, Remy LeBeau ( Taylor Kitsch ), also known as Gambit, escaped the island laboratory and knows its location. Dukes tells Logan that his brother Victor is actually working for Stryker, capturing and killing mutants for him. Meanwhile, Stryker captures a teenaged Scott Summers ( Tim Pocock ) with Victor's aid. Wolverine and Wraith locate Gambit in a New Orleans bar. Wolverine talks to Gambit while Wraith keeps watch outside, but Gambit suspects Wolverine was sent to recapture him and, using his ability to charge objects with kinetic energy, throws several playing cards at Wolverine that send him flying through a wall. Outside, Wolverine sees Victor has killed Wraith and taken a sample of his blood. Wolverine fights Victor, only to be interrupted by Gambit. Victor escapes, and after a brief struggle, Gambit agrees to take Wolverine to the Stryker's secret mutant prison/laboratory. The facility turns out to be Three Mile Island. Once there, Wolverine confronts Stryker and learns Silverfox is still alive; Victor faked her death with hydrochlorothiazide. She was keeping track of the mutant to free her sister, Emma Frost ( Tahyna MacManus ), who is also in the prison. Wolverine is devastated by this betrayal. Now having no quarrel with Stryker, Wolverine departs. Victor, angered that Stryker let Wolverine go, demands the adamantium procedure. Stryker, however, tells him that he won't survive the procedure and in an act of rage, Victor tries to kill Silverfox, her power of persuasion failing to influence Victor despite her physical contact with him. Wolverine hears Silverfox's screams and attacks Victor. Finally having the chance to kill Victor, Wolverine chooses not to give in to his animal instincts and instead knocks him out. Silverfox shows Wolverine to the holding cells, and he frees the mutants there; among them are Emma Frost and Scott Summers. Panicking, Stryker prematurely activates his newest creation, Weapon XI ( Scott Adkins and Ryan Reynolds ), a bald, pale-skinned and deformed Wade Wilson, lacking a mouth and with patterns on his skin marking his adamantium bone structure. As the rescue party approaches an exit, it is blocked by Weapon XI, who is under Stryker's control. Wolverine tells them to find a new exit as two long blades extend from Weapon XI's arms. The blades are similar to Wolverine's claws, but more like katana swords, Wilson's weapon of choice. Wolverine realizes that this monstrosity is actually Wade Wilson. "Looks like Stryker finally found a way to shut you up," he quips. Weapon XI, also called Deadpool, is a mutant Frankenstein's monster, with the abilities of several of the killed and captured mutants: Summer's optic blasts, Wraith's teleportation, and Wolverine's healing ability. During the escape, Silverfox is mortally wounded. The other mutants escape through the facility's tunnels, guided by Scott who is unable to tell them how he knows the way out. Emerging from the tunnel, the party encounters a helicopter. Riding in the helicopter is a familiar figure: Professor Charles Xavier ( Patrick Stewart ), who has guided them to safety and offers them a home at his school. Meanwhile, the fight between Wolverine and Weapon XI moves to the top of one of the nuclear power plant's cooling towers. Weapon XI overpowers and prepares to decapitate Wolverine, but Victor returns to aid his brother. Wolverine and Victor, now working together, are able to decapitate Weapon XI, sending its head, still firing optic blasts, down into the cooling tower. Wolverine coldly informs Victor that despite his help, their relationship is over. Victor reminds him that as brothers, they can never be finished, and jumps off the the cooling tower. The damage from the optic blasts causes the cooling tower to collapse, but Wolverine is rescued by Gambit. Wolverine asks Gambit to ensure the prisoners are safe, while he returns to find Silverfox, who stayed behind because she was wounded. As he carries her to safety, Stryker shoots him in the back with an adamantium bullet. Wolverine charges Stryker to kill him but is shot in the head, knocking him unconscious. Stryker approaches Silverfox and prepares to shoot her as well but she uses her powers of persuasion to order Stryker to first throw away the pistol and then walk away until his feet bleed. She then dies from her injuries. Gambit returns to assure Wolverine that the mutants are safe, but due to amnesia caused by the brain damage the adamantium bullets inflicted, Wolverine does not remember anything (this was Stryker's intention, knowing that even the adamantium bullets could not kill Logan but will cause amnesia). Gambit tries to get Wolverine to come with him, but he declines. Gambit wishes Wolverine good luck before departing, and Wolverine flees the scene as the ambulances and police arrive. The film has several additional scenes during and after the credits. The first of these scenes plays a few seconds into the credits, and depicts William Stryker walking down a road. Due to Silverfox's order, the toes of his shoes are torn and bloody from walking for so long. A military vehicle drives up behind him and he is apprehended by military police for questioning about the death of General Munson. (Stryker murdered the general earlier in the film in order to protect his vendetta against mutants.) Depending on which theater the movie was shown in, one of two possible endings then appears following the credits. In the first ending, Weapon XI's hand reaches out from the rubble of the nuclear complex to touch his severed head. Deadpool's mouth is now open and he says "Shhhhhhhh" to the audience. The second alternate ending shows Logan drinking at a bar in Japan. The bartender asks if he is drinking to forget; Logan replies that he's drinking to remember. 
 Buried (2010)541) Paul is a U.S. truck driver working in Iraq. After an attack by a group of Iraqis he wakes to find he is buried alive inside a coffin. With only a lighter and a cell phone it's a race against time to escape this claustrophobic death trap. Waking groggy in pitch darkness, Paul Conroy, an American truck driver working in Iraq in 2006, slowly realizes he is trapped inside a wooden coffin, buried alive. With his cigarette lighter, he can see the trap he is in, and he quickly realizes that there's not enough air for him to live long. He finds within the coffin a working cellphone, which allows him contact with the outside world. But the outside world proves not to be very helpful at finding a man buried in a box in the middle of the Iraqi desert. Paul must rely on his best resource--himself. Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net> American Paul Conroy is in Iraq working as a truck driver for contractor Creston Rowland & Thomas (CRT). His is the last truck in a convoy that is attacked by unknown forces. Being knocked on the head probably by a rock is the last thing he remembers before he awakens, gagged, his wrists bound, and he locked and buried in an old fashioned handmade wooden coffin. After he is able to remove the gag and the wrist constraints, he finds in the coffin a lighter which provides some illumination, a pen and most importantly a smart phone with approximately sixty percent battery life. The phone, set to some Arabic script which he does not understand, was placed there as a means of communication with his unknown captors, who are demanding a ransom of $5 million by 21:00, which is in a few hours. Paul uses the phone to try to contact someone, anyone, who he thinks can help him, including his wife back in Michigan, the US State Department and CRT, which is not as easy for him as he would like. Over time, he is able to find other items in the coffin, again placed there purposefully by his captors, for other things they ask him to do. Some of these items may become useful for Paul in his survival. Beyond his captors, there are other obstacles to Paul making it out alive, some obvious such as lack of air, the phone dying and the box not being reinforced, but there are some other obstacles and dangers, perhaps the most fearful to him being some people on the other end of the phone. Huggo Paul Conroy awakes to find himself in a wooden box, buried underground. He is a civilian contractor and truck-driver in Iraq. His convoy was ambushed and he was taken captive and buried alive. He has a limited amount of air, giving him a limited time to find a way out. All he has to aid him in this task is his cigarette lighter, a torch, a mobile phone and his will to live. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Paul Conroy, a US truck driver, awakens buried alive, bound and gagged, with only a Zippo and a BlackBerry. Although he initially has no idea as to how he got there, he soon starts to piece together what has happened to him. Gradually, Paul remembers that he and several other convoys were ambushed by insurgents, then all the other truck drivers were killed shortly before he blacked out. After finding the cellphone, Paul attempts to contact his wife and his employers (who gave him a safety number if anything like this should occur) but is able only to leave a message for both of them. Paul is able to contact the FBI, but they cut off before he can explain the situation. However, he is able to determine from the questions the FBI official asks him that he has been kidnapped. The kidnapper contacts him and demands a ransom of $5 million to release him alive, but this is then lowered to $1 million. Paul eventually gets into contact with the State Department, who pass him onto a group set up in 2004 specifically made to find people who have been kidnapped. While the man, Dan Brenner, who is trying to find Paul tells him that they are doing their best, Paul is not convinced and asks the man to name a person who they had saved before. He claims they saved a man known as Mark White three weeks ago. After a long time of his trying to get help, the kidnapper forces him to make a ransom video, which he refuses to do. The kidnapper threatens to kill his kidnapped co-worker, and Paul reluctantly agrees to do the video. Shortly afterwards, there is a violent shaking in the coffin, and sand starts to leak into it. He then receives a video from the kidnapper of the female employee he knew being shot dead, causing him to feel incredibly guilty and to vomit. The stress becomes too great and Paul momentarily considers slitting his own throat with the knife, but he stops after thinking about his family. Later on, he receives a phone call from his employers, who inform him that he was fired from his job that morning due to fraternizing with the same female employee (though Paul says the relationship was strictly professional) and so if he dies, his family will not get any insurance money. The government group calls Paul and explains that some F-16 fighter planes just bombed the area the coffin is in even though they knew he was in the area (they were able to roughly pin down his location, but not exactly). The sand starts to leak in at a considerably faster rate and Paul begins to lose all hope and does a last will and testament in video form, giving his son all of his clothes and his wife all of his personal savings ($700). As time goes on (with nobody planning to pay the ransom), the kidnapper calls with demands for blood instead of money and tells Paul to cut his finger off and send a recording of it. If he doesn't do this, the kidnapper will harm his family (as he reveals the details of where they live). If Paul does make the video, his family will not be harmed, and he will tell the US government where Paul is. With this, Paul complies, cutting his finger off and sending the video. Within a few minutes, the government official phones Paul saying they now know where he is, explaining that they were given details of where to find a man who was buried alive by an insurgent. Paul receives a phone call from his wife and tells her he is going to be okay, and they express their love for each other. A few minutes later, he gets a call from the rescue group saying that they are close and have found his location. They arrive at the apparent burial site and are about to dig up the coffin. Through the phone, digging is heard, but Paul cannot hear digging around him. Sand begins to fill the coffin to dangerous levels, giving Paul seconds left. However, when the group digs up the coffin, it turns out the insurgent led them to Mark White, the man Brenner earlier in the film claimed had been rescued. Paul hears his final words, that of Dan saying over the phone, "I'm sorry Paul. I'm so sorry." 
 Deadpool (2016)761) A wisecracking mercenary gets experimented on and becomes immortal but ugly, and sets out to track down the man who ruined his looks. This is the origin story of former Special Forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson, who after being subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers, adopts the alter ego Deadpool. Armed with his new abilities and a dark, twisted sense of humor, Deadpool hunts down the man who nearly destroyed his life. 20th Century Fox Wade Wilson is a small-time mercenary. He meets Vanessa and falls in love. Life is idyllic until one day he is diagnosed with terminal cancer. Things look bleak but a man appears who says he can be cured, through a treatment that gives him superhero powers. After initially turning him down, Wilson agrees, and meets the man behind the project, Ajax. While undergoing the treatment he discovers that it will involve him becoming a mutant, and he will need to undergo several painful tests to discover what his mutant abilities are. Plus, Ajax is a sadist. The treatment results in Wilson getting powers of accelerated healing but also leaves him terribly disfigured. Ajax tries to keep him a prisoner but he escapes. He now has two aims: find Vanessa and make Ajax pay for what he did to him. Killing Ajax may not be as easy it seems, as Ajax is also a mutant and the meddling superhero Colossus and his sidekick Negasonic Teenage Warhead keep getting in the way. Oh, and Wade Wilson is now operating under an alias: Deadpool. grantss After a fast-talking mercenary is diagnosed with terminal cancer, he finds the possibility of healing in a scientific experience of a covert organization. Recovered, with accelerated healing factor and an unusual sense of humor, he adopts the alter-ego Deadpool to seek revenge against the man who destroyed his life (and his face). MadMovieManiac After being diagnosed with terminal cancer on the same day his girlfriend (Monica Baccarin) accepts his marriage proposal, former Special Ops agent Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds) is approached by a shady organization offering a cure to his cancer. Wade accepts and meets a psychopath, Ajax, actually Francis Freeman, (Ed Skrein) who injects Wade with a strange serum, supposedly the cure to his cancer. Francis, along with his assistant Angel Dust (Gina Cariano) proceed to put Wade through unbearable torture, leaving him with horrible burn-like scars in his entire body and an accelerated healing factor. But Wade doesn't forget, as he's pissed and wants his face back to normal. Armed with two katanas, pistols, and a red suit and mask, Wade becomes Deadpool, and makes it his mission to hunt Francis down and get revenge. ahmetkozan Just when fate smiled upon the dishonourably discharged special forces operative, Wade Wilson, by pairing him up with the love of his life and equally damaged kindred spirit, Vanessa, terminal cancer gets in the way of a happy future. Determined to do anything to get a new lease of life, Wade submits himself to the sadistic experimenter Ajax's highly empirical treatment of excruciating pain, which promises to awaken Wade's dormant mutant genes that will rid him of his incurable disease. Now, the all-powerful, cancer-free, and self-healing anti-hero has to experience firsthand life's cruel irony, and hide his once-impeccable but now forever ruined complexion behind a mask as Deadpool, to seek revenge on Ajax and his henchwoman, Angel Dust, for the wrong that has been done. Will the "Mercenary with a Mouth" ever get his good looks back? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening scene shows Wade Wilson, the superhero Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds) in a cab, bored in the backseat. He slides up front to chat with the cabbie, Dopinder (Karan Soni). Deadpool asks Dopinder about a picture of a girl he has in his car, and Dopinder says she was his girlfriend until he lost her to his cousin. Dopinder then takes Deadpool to the middle of a bridge, and Deadpool stiffs the man for cab fare. Deadpool waits on top of a bridge for his targets, but first addresses the audience and jokes about fondling Wolverine's balls to get his own movie. He then spots a group of vans arriving, and he jumps into one of the men before beating up of all the thugs in the van, causing an accident that kills other villains. Deadpool's main target is Ajax (Ed Skrein), the man that gave him his powers and also horribly disfigured him. The vans all come crashing to the end of the bridge, where one thug's head is sliced off with a motorcycle chain, and another one is gorily splattered against a sign on the highway. At Xavier's School For Gifted Youngsters, Colossus (Stefan Kapicic) sees the chaos unfolding on the news and calls Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand) to join him in getting Deadpool. Deadpool is upset because he forgot his bag of weapons and only has 12 rounds in his gun. He counts off how many rounds with each thug he kills, accidentally missing a few shots, but he manages to kill three men with one bullet. One last thug comes at Deadpool with two knives, but Deadpool quickly skewers him. Deadpool then points out that this is a different kind of superhero movie, and that we need to go back for him to tell it properly. Flashback to one year earlier.... Wade Wilson was a mercenary-for-hire living in New York City. He takes a job getting a pizza delivery boy to stop stalking a girl by threatening him. Once his job is done, the girl thanks him and calls him her hero, to which Wade quickly points out that that is something he is not. Wade goes to the bar where his friend Weasel (TJ Miller) works. Wade orders a drink called a Blowjob and has the bartender bring it to a big thug and to say it came from another man. The insulting drink prompts a bar fight where people bet on others to die, which is called the "dead pool". At this bar, Wade meets a prostitute named Vanessa (Morena Baccarin). They bond over their weird, messed up lives before starting a sexual relationship, which eventually evolves into a romantic one. Wade is genuinely happy until he is diagnosed with advanced-stage cancer in his liver, lungs, prostate and brain. He fears more for what will happen to Vanessa than to him. At the bar, Weasel tells him that a man sitting in the corner is looking for him. He is The Recruiter (Jed Rees), and he tells Wade that he works for a facility that will not only cure him of his cancer, but also give him incredible powers. Wade is hesitant, but he takes the card that The Recruiter gives him. Back in the present, Deadpool finds Ajax headed to him on a motorcycle and he throws his katana at the bike, causing Ajax to crash. Deadpool impales Ajax with the other blade, but since Ajax is a mutant, the blade doesn't kill him. Deadpool lifts up his mask for to show his scars so that Ajax can recognize him as Wade Wilson. Colossus and Negasonic arrive on the scene. Colossus is displeased with Deadpool causing so much mayhem and tries to get him to join the X-Men. Deadpool again refuses. With his back turned, Ajax escapes. Enraged, Deadpool tries to hit Colossus, but he ends up breaking both wrists and an ankle. Colossus cuffs Deadpool to his wrist, but Deadpool chooses to cut his hand off and hop into a garbage van, leaving his hand behind, giving Colossus the finger. In another flashback, Wade made the choice to be cured for Vanessa, leaving her alone in the middle of the night and never returning. He goes to the facility where he meets Ajax for the first time, along with his cohort Angel Dust (Gina Carano). Ajax says that in order for Wade's cells to heal, they have to subject him to extreme stress for the mutant cells to activate. Wade undergoes torture techniques until Ajax tells him that they are making him into a super slave to be auctioned off somewhere. Wade makes fun of Ajax after learning his real name is Francis. Ajax straps Wade to a barometric chamber unit where his oxygen is is gradually cut off. When Wade begins to lose consciousness, the oxygen is automatically restored. His skin and face start to blotch up, making him disfigured. Ajax opens the chamber and tells Wade his cancer is gone because his mutation has activated itself; his body is fighting his cancer as quickly as it can metastasize which will keep him alive indefinitely. Wade headbutts Angel and takes a match that she kept in her mouth. Ajax tells Wade that he takes a sadistic pleasure in watching his clients being tortured and locks Wade in the chamber to be tortured further. Wade lights the match and throws it near the oxygen vent, causing an explosion in the laboratory. Ajax goes down to see what happened, and Wade starts to fight him. He has gotten increased strength, but Ajax gets the upper hand and impales Wade with a bar, pinning him to the floor. Ajax leaves as the facility crumbles around Wade. Wade wakes up alive, but horrified by his complexion. He walks through the streets with a hood over his head, but the people that see him are creeped out by his appearance. He worries about what Vanessa will think if she sees him, so he stays away from her completely. Wade visits Weasel, who is also disgusted by his appearance and makes a few quips at his expense. Weasel encourages Wade to make a suit and mask to disguise himself as he goes back to hunt for Ajax so that he can fix his face. Wade decides to call himself "Deadpool" and begins his crusade to find Ajax by plowing through his goons until he can find him. He finds The Recruiter, who says what he knows about Ajax's whereabouts before Deadpool kills him. In this time, Wade has decided to stay with a blind woman named Al (Leslie Uggams). Back in the present day, Deadpool rides the garbage truck back to his and Al's place, and his hand starts to slowly grow back. Ajax and Angel go to Weasel's bar to locate Deadpool. Angel grabs Weasel by the throat, but the other bar patrons turn their guns on her and Ajax. They find a picture of Wade and Vanessa together before leaving. After being told to just face Vanessa himself, Wade goes to the strip club where she works (where we see Stan Lee as a DJ), but is still scared to face her. Vanessa's co-worker tells her that an ex-boyfriend is out back looking for her. She goes outside and thinks it's Wade, but it's Ajax. He and Angel take her. Wade goes out back to look for her but only finds her handbag, letting him know that she's been taken. Infuriated, Wade grabs all the guns he owns and goes to the X-Mansion to get Colossus and Negasonic to help him get back Vanessa and stop Ajax. He then quips that the mansion is so big, yet it looks like the studio couldn't afford more than two X-Men. The mutants take a cab driven by Dopinder to Ajax's location. They hit a bump and Deadpool hears a scream from the trunk. Dopinder admits he kidnapped his cousin. Deadpool pretends to be horrified but quietly congratulates Dopinder. The three then track Ajax down to a scrapyard. Deadpool charges toward the goons while Colossus and Negasonic fight Angel. She slams Colossus away, but Negasonic charges at Angel with great power. Deadpool rips through the goons and uses their corpses to spell out Francis's name to mock him. He runs up to the aircraft carrier where Ajax is keeping Vanessa. He puts her in the same barometric chamber where he put Wade, intending to suffocate her. Deadpool duels with Ajax with their blades. Meanwhile, Angel almost strangles Colossus with a bar, but Negasonic creates a powerful blast that throws Angel off and weakens one of the carrier's support columns. It starts to collapse, sending numerous freight containers down. Colossus carries Negasonic and Angel to safety while Deadpool makes sure Vanessa lands safely. The carrier then completely crashes down. Ajax attacks Deadpool once again until the latter has him pinned down. Deadpool holds his gun at Ajax's head and demands that he fix his face, but Ajax laughs and says there was never a cure for that. Deadpool is ready to kill Ajax until Colossus steps in and starts to make a big speech on making the hero's decision to spare his enemy's life. Deadpool gets tired of the speech and he just shoots Ajax in the head, making Colossus puke. Afterwards, Deadpool finally confronts Vanessa and apologizes for abandoning her. She removes his mask to see his face, but he is wearing a cut-out of Hugh Jackman's face. She sees his real face and says she will eventually get used to it. They kiss, and Deadpool signs off as the movie ends. After the end credits, Deadpool appears in his bathrobe telling the audience to leave for the movie is over (a homage to the final shot of 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off'). However, he comes back and says that the studio is trying to get Cable to be in a sequel. Deadpool walks away, but then pops his head out to go "Chicka-chicka!" 
 Deadpool 2 (2018)761) Foul-mouthed mutant mercenary Wade Wilson (a.k.a. Deadpool) assembles a team of fellow mutant rogues to protect a young boy with supernatural abilities from the brutal, time-traveling cyborg Cable. After losing Vanessa (Morena Baccarin), the love of his life, 4th-wall breaking mercenary Wade Wilson aka Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds) must assemble a team and protect a young, fat mutant Russell Collins aka Firefist (Julian Dennison) from Cable (Josh Brolin), a no-nonsense, dangerous cyborg from the future, and must also learn the most important lesson of all: to be part of a family again. ahmetkozan After successfully working as the mercenary Deadpool for two years, Wade Wilson fails to kill one of his targets on his anniversary with Vanessa, his girlfriend. That night, after the pair decide to start a family together, the target tracks Wilson down and kills Vanessa. Wilson kills the man in revenge. He blames himself for her death and attempts to commit suicide six weeks later by blowing himself up. Wilson has a vision of Vanessa in the afterlife, but the pieces of his body remain alive and are put back together by Colossus. Wilson is left with only a Skee-Ball token, an anniversary gift, as a final memento of Vanessa. Recovering at the X-Mansion, Wilson reluctantly agrees to join the X-Men as a form of healing. He, Colossus, and Negasonic Teenage Warhead respond to a standoff between authorities and the unstable young mutant Russell Collins / Firefist at an orphanage, labeled a "Mutant Reeducation Center".. After his trials and tribulations in the first movie, the life of Wade Wilson (aka Deadpool) has now settled down. He's still killing bad guys, but it's more business-as-usual now. Moreover, he and girlfriend Vanessa are madly in love and want to start a family. Then a tragic event throws his life into disarray. grantss After losing forever his legendary good looks in Deadpool (2016) , the wisecracking Mercenary with a Mouth, Wade Wilson, aka Deadpool, reluctantly joins Professor Charles Xavier's X-Men, after a sudden tragedy. Seeking redemption, Wade embarks on a mission to save the troubled fire-starting mutant, Russell, unbeknownst to him that Cable, a powerful time-travelling cyborg, has already set his sights on killing the young boy. Now, Wade needs to form a team of super-protectors to thwart the evil plans of the cybernetic killer from the future. Is Deadpool up to the task, or will he go out with a bang? Nick Riganas After surviving a near fatal bovine attack, a disfigured cafeteria chef (Wade Wilson) struggles to fulfill his dream of becoming Mayberry's hottest bartender while also learning to cope with his lost sense of taste. Searching to regain his spice for life, as well as a flux capacitor, Wade must battle ninjas, the Yakuza, and a pack of sexually aggressive canines, as he journeys around the world to discover the importance of family, friendship, and flavor - finding a new taste for adventure and earning the coveted coffee mug title of World's Best Lover. Twentieth Century Fox Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After successfully working as the mercenary Deadpool for two years, Wade Wilson fails to kill one of his targets on his anniversary with his girlfriend Vanessa. That night, after the pair decides to start a family together, the target tracks them down and kills Vanessa. Wilson kills the man in revenge. He blames himself for her death and attempts to commit suicide six weeks later by blowing himself up. Wilson has a vision of Vanessa in the afterlife, but the pieces of his body remain alive and are put back together by Colossus. Wilson is left with only a Skee-Ball token, an anniversary gift, as a final memento of Vanessa. Recovering at the X-Mansion, Wilson agrees to join the X-Men as a form of healing. He, Colossus, and Negasonic Teenage Warhead respond to a standoff between authorities and the unstable young mutant Russell Collins / Firefist at an orphanage, labeled a "Mutant Reeducation Center". Wilson realizes that Collins has been abused by the orphanage staff, and kills one of the staff members. Colossus stops him from killing anyone else, and both Wilson and Collins are arrested. Restrained with collars that suppress their powers, they are taken to the "Ice Box", an isolated prison for mutant criminals. Meanwhile, a cybernetic soldier from the future, Cable, whose family is murdered by an older Collins, travels back in time to kill the boy before Collins ever becomes a killer. Cable breaks into the Ice Box and attacks Collins. Wilson, whose collar has broken in the melee, attempts to defend Collins. After Cable takes Vanessa's token, Wilson forces himself and Cable out of the prison, but not before Collins overhears Wilson deny that he cares for the young mutant. Near death again, Wilson has another vision of Vanessa in which she convinces him to help Collins. Wilson organizes a team called X-Force to break Collins out of a prison-transfer convoy and defend him from Cable. The team launches its assault on the convoy by parachuting from a plane, but all of the members die during the landing except for Wilson and the lucky Domino. While they fight Cable, Collins frees fellow inmate Juggernaut, who agrees to help Collins kill the abusive orphanage headmaster. Juggernaut destroys the convoy, allowing himself and Collins to escape. Cable offers to work with Wilson and Domino to stop Collins' first murder, which will lead to more, and agrees to give Wilson a chance to talk Collins down. At the orphanage they are overpowered by Juggernaut while Collins attacks the headmaster, until Colossus-who had at first refused to help Wilson due to Wilson's murderous ways-arrives to distract Juggernaut. When Wilson fails to talk down Collins, Cable shoots at the young mutant. Wilson leaps in front of the bullet while wearing the Ice Box collar and dies, reuniting with Vanessa in the afterlife. Seeing this sacrifice, Collins does not kill the headmaster; this changes the future so that Cable's family now survives. Cable uses the last charge on his time-traveling device, which he needed for returning to his family, to go back several minutes and strap Vanessa's token in front of Wilson's heart. Now when Wilson takes the bullet for Collins, it is stopped by the token and he survives. Collins still has his change of heart, and afterwards the headmaster is run over by Wilson's taxi-driver friend Dopinder. In a mid-credits sequence, Negasonic Teenage Warhead and her girlfriend Yukio repair Cable's time-traveling device for Wilson. He uses it to save the lives of Vanessa and X-Force member Peter; kill X-Men Origins: Wolverine's version of Deadpool; and kill actor Ryan Reynolds while he is considering starring in the film Green Lantern. 