nm0005437:

 Rush Hour (1998)761) A loyal and dedicated Hong Kong Inspector teams up with a reckless and loudmouthed L.A.P.D. detective to rescue the Chinese Consul's kidnapped daughter, while trying to arrest a dangerous crime lord along the way. Cultures clash and tempers flares as the two cops named Detective Inspector Lee a Hong Kong Detective and Detective James Carter FBI, a big-mouthed work-alone Los Angeles cop who are from different worlds discovers one thing in common: they can't stand each other. With time running out, they must join forces to catch the criminals and save the eleven-year-old Chinese girl of the Chinese consul named Soo Yung. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> When the eleven-year-old daughter of the Chinese Consul in Los Angeles, Han, is kidnapped in broad daylight, the desperate father insists in summoning his old friend and Hong Kong Police ace detective, Inspector Lee, to assist the FBI in the investigation. However, as the bureau is far from keen on allowing the newcomer to get in their way, they pair him up with the motor-mouthed LAPD Detective, James Carter, to watch him over. Of course, none of them is particularly happy about this awkward partnership; nevertheless, the mismatched duo of reluctant partners must team up to solve this mystery before the FBI. Will Lee crack the case? Nick Riganas Realizing that the FBI and their by the book tactics may be unsuccessful, the Chinese consul recruits the aid of a loyal Hong Kong inspector to help rescue his kidnapped daughter. Outlawed by the FBI, the inspector must form an unlikely partnership with a cocky, street smart LAPD officer who prefers doing things his own way. Brian McCardell Hongkong, the last night of British rulership. Detective Inspector Lee, close friend to Consul Han Solon, manages to prevent precious pieces of China's history being smuggled out of the country. Two years later - Consul Han is living in Los Angeles with his family - Crime Lord Juntao takes revenge on him by abducting his young daughter Soo Yung. Han does not trust the FBI to do a good job and has Lee flown in from Hongkong to assist them. But the FBI officials do not want any help from outside and officially request help from LAPD, who are glad to get rid of Detective James Carter for a while, a big-mouthed work-alone cop who just can't be cool enough. His assignment is to keep Lee as far away from trouble as possible. But Carter and Lee don't like being put aside in that way and start working the case on their own. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Jackie Chan is Inspector Lee, a Hong Kong Detective who helps confiscate three dollars worth of stolen Chinese artifacts from Crime Lord Juntao. Seeking revenge, Juntao kidnaps the daughter of the Chinese consul when he moves to America. Chan is sent as a diplomatic advisor and finds himself paired up with a Los Angeles cop (Chris Tucker) - a man who works alone, and wants to stay that way. John N. Daily <daily@capital.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When kidnappers grab a Chinese official's daughter, Hong Kong chief inspector Lee (Chan) is all over the case until LAPD detective James Carter (Tucker) gets in his way. Cultures clash until these unlikely partners realize they both want to nail the crooks. Between Lee's high-flying kicks and Carter's rapid-fire wit, the bad guys won't know what hit them! 
 Nutty Professor II: The Klumps (2000)Summaries Scientist Sherman Klump's inventions, his upcoming marriage to his pretty colleague Denise Gaines and his reputation are threatened by his evil clone Buddy Love. Professor Sherman Klump is getting married. And the Klump family could not be more delighted for him. But Buddy Love, his Mr. Hyde alter-ego from the first film, is back and trying to make it on his own. Buddy keeps resurfacing in untimely outbursts, and threatening the portly professor's marriage plans to colleague Denise Gaines. Utilizing Denise's cutting-edge DNA research, Sherman decides to rid himself of his monstrous nemesis -and his disruptive outbursts-once and for all by extracting Buddy's DNA from his system. But Buddy bursts full-bodied into Sherman's world and lays claim to the professor's astounding invention - a revolutionary youth serum. Desperate to keep it from Buddy, Sherman hides the serum in the Klump family home, thinking it will be safe. Buddy correctly divines where Sherman has placed the serum, but to get it, he has to deal with the entire Klump family first. Anonymous Sherman Klump is engaged to his pretty girlfriend Denise Gaines, also a professor. But Buddy Love, his other him from the first movie, tries to stay in his own form for eternity, and therefore he keeps appearing, a thing that makes damage to Klump. Klump tries to destroy Buddy Love forever, but while his plan has failed, and he starts to lose his knowledge and memory, he must do something to prevent the loss of the thing that made Denise fall in love with him - his wisdom. With the help of his very impolite and rude family, the Klumps, he tries to return his memory and to vanish Buddy Love forever. rsilberman It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Snow Dogs (2002)Summaries When a Miami dentist inherits a team of sled dogs, he's got to learn the trade or lose his pack to a crusty mountain man. When Miami dentist Ted Brooks learns that his birth mother has passed away and that he was named in her will, he travels to Alaska to claim his inheritance. Rather than the large chunk of change that many people would expect, Ted instead receives his mother's pack of rowdy sled dogs and her property. Although the dogs seemingly have it in for Ted, he decides to keep the dogs and race them in the local race, the Arctic Challenge, spiting a mountain man who wants the dogs. What follows is a comedy detailing Ted's adventures in learning to run the sled dogs. Anna <dimenxia@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Get Over It (2001)Summaries A high school senior's girlfriend breaks up with him. His friends try to make him think of something else. His friend's sister Kelly helps him with the school musical. Spending time with Kelly has an effect. When Berke Landers, a popular high school basketball star, gets dumped by his life-long girlfriend, Allison, he soon begins to lose it. But with the help of his best friend Felix's sister Kelly, he follows his ex into the school's spring musical. Thus endues a love triangle loosely based upon Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream", where Berke is only to find himself getting over Allison and beginning to fall for Kelly. Will Nixon Berke is devastated when his girlfriend Allison kicks him out. She takes up with cocky Striker, who claims fame as a singer, and the two of them audition for the school's "Midsummer Night's Dream" musical. Berke follows suit, much to the annoyance of his basketball team buddies Felix and Bentley. Our hero finds himself not only in the play but eventually as one of the leads, partly due to help from Felix's sister Kelly. As First Night approaches, questions need answering - Will Berke and Striker come to blows? Can Dennis take over as the lead dancer? Isn't Kelly nicer than Allison anyway? J-26 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 