nm0009612:

 Uma Dose Violenta de Qualquer Coisa (2013)Summaries Pedro has taken the road and he does not know where he is going. Lucas does not know it either. After meeting at a roadside caf, they travel through the Brazilian Savannah seeking for a violent dose of anything. Pedro has run away from home, taken the road and he does not know where he is going. Lucas does not know it either, but the road is his stage. They are over 30, and all they take with them is the clothes they are wearing. After meeting at a roadside caf, in the state of Minas Gerais, they travel through the Brazilian Savannah seeking for a violent dose of anything. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Celeste & Estrela (2005)Summaries Short movie director struggles to shoot her first feature film, specially trying to raise the necessary funds. While waiting for the arrival of his wife Celeste Esprito Santo from Germany, the bureaucratic clerk of the Minister of Culture Paulo Estrela initiates a small talk with the airport receptionist Salete. He tells how he met the awarded short movie director Celeste and immediately had a crush one her. Then he tells the development of their unconventional relationship, while trying to raise funds for her first feature film, "Impossible Loves", and how she succeeds to travel to Germany. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 New Life, Inc (2018)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Uma Questo de Tempo (2006)Summaries Springtime in Braslia brings new perspectives to a woman's life. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 