nm0001130:

 Life (I) (1999)Summaries In 1932, two strangers are wrongfully convicted and develop a strong friendship in prison that lasts them through the 20th century. In the mid-1990s, two inmates bury the burned bodies of two lifers at Mississippi's infamous Parchman Farm; a third old-timer relates their story. They'd served 65 years for a murder they didn't commit, framed by a local sheriff while buying moonshine whiskey for a Manhattan club owner to whom they owed money. In flashbacks we see this odd couple thrown together (Ray is a fast-talking con man, and Claude is a serious man about to start work as a bank teller), the loss of Ray's watch (sterling silver, from his daddy), the murder and trial, the hardships of Parchman, and the love-hate relationship of Claude and Ray as they spend 65 years bickering and looking for a way to escape. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Blow (2001)431) The story of how George Jung , along with the Medelln Cartel headed by Pablo Escobar , established the American cocaine market in the 1970s in the United States. A boy named George Jung grows up in a struggling family in the 1950's. His mother nags at her husband as he is trying to make a living for the family. It is finally revealed that George's father cannot make a living and the family goes bankrupt. George does not want the same thing to happen to him, and his friend Tuna, in the 1960's, suggests that he deal marijuana. He is a big hit in California in the 1960's, yet he goes to jail, where he finds out about the wonders of cocaine. As a result, when released, he gets rich by bringing cocaine to America. However, he soon pays the price. Anonymous George Jung is the son of a struggling small business owner. Seeing his family struggle to make ends meet and failing, George vows never to share a similar fate. Moving to California, he starts his own pot pushing operation in which he finds both success and imprisonment. In prison, he meets a cell-mate who introduces him into a partnership to the lucrative new market in cocaine. Upon release, George Jung quickly becomes instrumental in establishing the exploding US market for cocaine in which he claimed that he handled about 85% of the supply in the 1970s. However, for all the fabulous wealth and power he gained, the true costs of his dangerously treacherous occupation catch up with him in ways from which he would never recover. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@home.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens to a young George (Jesse James) and his parents Fred (Ray Liotta) and Ermine (Rachel Griffiths). Fred files for bankruptcy and loses everything. Fred tries to instill George with a belief that money is not important. A grown-up George (Johnny Depp) moves to Southern California with his friend "Tuna" (Ethan Suplee) and they plan to earn a living by selling marijuana with the help of an airline stewardess, Barbara Buckley (Franka Potente), and a girlfriend of George who introduces them to her friend/entrepreneur Derek Foreal (Paul Reubens), the main dealer, who also runs a hair salon. With Derek's help, George and Tuna make a lot of money. Kevin Dulli (Max Perlich), a college student back in Boston who is a friend, visits them and tells them of the enormous demand for pot in Boston. With the help of Barbara, they start bringing the drugs to Boston. As the demand grows, they decide to start buying the drugs directly from Mexico with the help of a few Mexican drug lords. George then proceeds on to Chicago to do business, but is caught trying to import 660 pounds of marijuana and he is sentenced to two years. George skips bail (after trying to plead his innocence by reciting It Ain't Me Babe) to take care of Barbara, who is suffering from, and eventually succumbs to, cancer. While hiding from the authorities George visits his parents back in Massachusetts. While he is having a heart to heart talk with his father, George's mother calls the police who come and arrest him. George is now sentenced to twenty-six months in a federal prison in Danbury, Connecticut. His cellmate Diego Delgado (Jordi Molla) has contacts in the cocaine trade in Colombia and convinces George to help him go into business. When George gets out of prison, he violates his parole conditions and heads down to Cartagena, Colombia to meet up with Diego. They meet with Cesar Rosa, to negotiate the terms for smuggling 15 kilograms for "good faith". As the smuggling operation grows, Diego gets arrested, leaving George to find a way to sell 50 kilos (110 lbs) of blow and get the money in time. He reconnects with Derek in California, and the two successfully sell all of it in 36 hours, amassing a $1.35 million profit. George is then whisked off to Medellin, Colombia, where he finally meets Pablo Escobar (Cliff Curtis) who agrees to go into business with George and Diego. With the help of main middleman Derek, the pair becomes Pablo's #1 importer. After an altercation with Diego over his "connection", who happened to be Derek (Diego pressured George to reveal his connection), and a drug-related collapse, George returns home and vows to leave the drug business forevermore, especially as he now has a daughter. All goes well with George's civilian lifestyle for five years, until his wife Mirtha (Penelope Cruz) organizes a 38th birthday party for him. Many of his former drug business associates attend, including Derek who reconciles with George after it is revealed that Diego cut him off of their deal. The party is raided by police and George is arrested. Following his conviction, he becomes a fugitive dodging his court date. Meanwhile, his large Panamanian bank accounts have been seized. His wife Mirtha causes him to be arrested while driving one night. He is sent to jail for three years and during that sentence Mirtha gives him the news that she wants a divorce and she wants custody of their nine year old daughter, Kristina Sunshine Jung. On his release he finds himself struggling to keep a relationship with his daughter on good terms. George promises his daughter Kristina (Emma Roberts) a vacation in California and goes into one last deal to garner enough money for the trip. On the deal, he is set up by the FBI and DEA, along with old accomplices, and sentenced to 60 years at Otisville Correctional Facility in upstate New York. He explains in the end that the sentence did not bother him, nor did the fact that he was betrayed by his accomplices "to save their own asses" bother him. What bothered him was he broke a promise to his daughter, in addition to the emotional damage he caused on those he loved (especially his daughter) and how his ambition exceeded his talent. In prison, his lawyer says that his request for a furlough for George to see his dying father was squashed by his unforgiving mother, who says it would only upset him. He is given a tape recorder to record a final message to his father. In the message, George recounts his memories of working with his father, his run-ins with the law, and how finally, too late, does he realize what his father meant when his said that money is not "real". The film closes with George being an old man in prison, imagining that his daughter finally comes to visit him and conversing with him. She slowly fades away as a guard calls for George indicating that she is not real and just an illusion. The film concludes with notes indicating that Jung is still in prison, his sentence not to expire until 2015, and his daughter yet to visit him, with the final imagery being a photograph of the actual George Jung. 
 Beautiful Girls (1996)761) A piano player at a crossroads in his life returns home to his friends and their own problems with life and love. New York based jazz pianist Willie Conway heads back to his small hometown of Knights Ridge, Massachusetts for a high school reunion. The trip is as much to go to the reunion and see his old friends - none of whom left Knights Ridge after graduation - as it is to get away from his current life, at which he is at a crossroads both personally and professionally. He is just eking out a living with his piano playing gigs, and as such he is thinking about taking a sales job. He's also not sure if he's ready to marry his long time girlfriend, lawyer Tracy Stover. Most of Willie's Knights Ridge blue collar friends' best days were in high school, they still having that "trophy" mentality of girlfriends and wives. Only Michael "Mo" Morris is happily married with a family. Paul Kirkwood, whose room is plastered with magazine pictures of models, wants his waitress ex-girlfriend Jan back only because he knows now that he can't have her. And Tommy "Birdman" Rowland, who was the big man in high school, is trying to end his affair with his now married high school girlfriend, Darian Smalls. Despite knowing about Darian, Tommy's current girlfriend, Sharon Cassidy, stands by her man through bad and worse. A cousin of their bar owning friend Stanley "Stinky" Womack, the beautiful Andera who is visiting from Chicago, may provide the voice of reason for this group of friends in dealing with their women problems. Some reason is what Willie may need in trying to figure out why he is attracted to Marty, his father's thirteen year old neighbor, especially as Willie learns that Tracy has decided to join him for the reunion. Huggo Beautiful Girls is a romantic drama about seeing the beauty in all females in all the facets of every man's life. It just took Willie to come home to realize that. It ranges from the beautiful but "mean as a snake" Darian, to the inner beauty and personality of Gina, the beauty of a mother and a wife in Anne, the smarts and sexiness of Andera, down to the potentially stunning and witty Marty, just to name a few of the great female characters in the film. Willie realizes the value, the individuality, and the ranging beauty of all these women throughout the film, culminating with the arrival of his fiancee, Tracy. These realizations, along with his friends, lead him down a path of clarity that sets his future into motion. D. B. Pascal Beautiful Girls is about a group of small-town friends joining up for their first high school reunion. They find themselves evaluating their lives and their relationships. It's about growing up and facing reality. Leo <mleonar1@ic3.ithaca.edu> Pianist Willie Conway returns to his snowy home town to attend a high school reunion. Willie reunites with his old friends, Tommy "Birdman" Rowland, Michael "Mo" Morris and Paul Kirkwood. Willie finds that two of his old high school buddies have all got problems with their relationships, Tommy, is having a affair with former high school girlfriend Darian Smalls who is now married and Tommy has a girlfriend named Sharon Cassidy and Paul is angry that his former girlfriend Jan broke up with him because he won't commit and has tons of posters of supermodels on his bedroom wall. As Willie waits for his girlfriend Tracey to arrive, Willie finds himself having a crush on Marty, his 13-year old next-door neighbor and Willie, Tommy, Michael and Paul find themselves falling for Andrea, who is also visiting. Daniel Williamson In this romantic drama a group of high school buddies re-unite for their high school reunion in the small town where they grew up. They deal with the life challenges of finding women to love and be loved by, committing to a relationship, and getting past their childhood dreams and desires to deal with reality and appreciate life. Gustaf Molin <gustaf.molin@usa.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Willie Conway (Timothy Hutton) finishes the last few notes of a set at an NYC bar, and counts his tips from a glass on the piano. He takes his change and heads out into the cold winter night to take a Greyhound coach across the border for a High School reunion back where he grew up. His old twenty-something High School buddies haven't moved on with their lives. Tommy 'Birdman' Rowland (Matt Dillon) and Paul Kirkwood (Michael Rapaport) own a snow-plough business, and hire their friend Kev (Max Perlich) to lend a hand. They each have their issues - Bird, the old High School quarterback, is having an affair with his old High School sweetheart, Darian Smalls (Lauren Holly) ... who happens to be married, and has a daughter. Paul couldn't commit to his ex, Jan (Martha Plimpton), but when she moved on to be with 'Victor the meat-cutter', he is filled with jealousy and blocks her driveway with snow every night. Michael 'Mo' Morris (Noah Emmerich) is the only old buddy who has matured - he is married with 2 kids, and is content with life it seems. Mo picks up Willie from the coach station and drops him off home. He has a lonely house since his mom died - leaving behind a heart-broken old man, and Willie's wayward younger brother Bobby (David Arquette). Outside, Willie sees for the first time his young neighbor, Marty (Natalie Portman), making a snowman. After hanging out with his pals, next day he meets Marty again - who gives him some snow-shovelling advice, which breaks the ice (get it? ok, not that great) in their friendship. She likes his burns. Paul buys a ring for his ex-girlfriend Jan and proposes. But it's too little, too late. And the diamond has a brown tint to it. she flat refuses, and he is heart-broken. That night, the old friends meet at a reopened bar in town, managed by Stanley 'Stinky' Womack (a much slimmer Pruitt Taylor Vince). Already Paul argues with Birdman, who doesn't take kindly to his advice, and then the others. Next day, Marty and Willie meet again. She asks if he has a girlfriend. He tells her that he is seeing somebody - a girl called Tracy. Marty asks if they have plans to get married. Willie has been reluctant to commit, and doesn't want to stick around to hear relationship advice from a 13year old. Meanwhile, Tommy's girlfriend, Sharon (Mira Sorvino), has had another jealous fight with Tommy (she knows about Darian). She asks her friends for advice. They tell her to ditch him, but instead, as it's his birthday soon, she wants to try one more time and salvage the relationship. They reluctantly agree to help her throw a surprise party. The old friends, including Mo, are back in the bar again when in walks Stanley's cousin, Andera (Uma Thurman - what a cast!! Who was the casting agent on this one, again?!). The men all fall for her instantly. They down shots, and Willie is asked to play something. After a little warm-up, the boys break into "Sweet Caroline". Next day, Birdman and Willie are invited to a long, and random, lecture/monologue by Gina (Rosie O'Donnell) about the virtues of real women. Back home, Willie is jealous when he sees that Marty has suddenly got a boyfriend. Sharon throws the surprise birthday party for Tommy. Things are going great - until Darian shows up, drunk, and makes a move on Tommy. Sharon and her friends leave. Tommy drives Darian home, and she makes a move again but Tommy turns her down. Darian is angry, revealing her true character. Instead Tommy tries to patch things up with Sharon, but it's too late. Clearing up after the party, Willie opens up to Mo about his feelings for Marty. Mo puts him straight. Willie is having cold-feet about taking things to the next level with his girlfriend. He knows Marty will be stunning in 10 years time, but it's the beer talking. Willie and Mo head off to the frozen lake the next day with Mo's kids. Willie leaves him to it and joins Paul and Kev in an ice-fishing shack. When he leaves for air, he sees Marty skating with her friends. He goes to say 'hi'. As they talk, he hears that she has finished things with her boyfriend, Andrew, because she has found someone better - Willie. She falls into his arms. Willie is embarrassed, but a little giddy. Mo almost falls over in shock. Marty asks him to wait for her until she is 18, in 5 years time. But Willie tells her that it would be unfair to wait - she still has a lot of maturing to do and in 5 years will have forgotten about him, while he'll still be waiting. He doesn't want to be the Winnie the Pooh to her Christopher Robbin - as he knows that is how the story ended, when Christopher outgrew Pooh. She skates away. Paul somehow manages to score a date with Andera. He takes her to a bar - the same one which Jan is at the bar with Victor. Andera, as a favour, flirts with him - but when Paul tries to score a kiss she smacks him and leaves. She walks home alone, turning down an advance from Tommy on the way. Paul is still upset, and gives Willie a talk about why he prefers models - the promise of a better life. Meanwhile Tommy meets Darian in the library, who asks him to go to the reunion, where things will be like they were before. That night, Willie drowns his sorrows at the bar. He is joined by Andera. After two unsuccessful attempts to leave with him, she gives in and they go to the ice shack. Andera has a boyfriend. Willie, suddenly forgetting his feelings for Tracy -- and Marty -- says he is jealous. After another unsuccessful attempt, she leaves - and heads home to Chicago the next day. Tracy arrives from New York. She is a big hit with Willie's old man and Bobby. Willie has feelings for her again. Marty is heart-broken. Willie has kind words for her -- he wants to keep in touch whatever happens, because he knows she will grow up to be an amazing person. The guys have a pre-reunion party at Mo's. Tommy has decided to do the right thing and avoid Darian - and miss the reunion. Instead he heads down to the bar - and bumps into Steve, Darian's husband, and his frat buddies. Meanwhile Darian is at the reunion, alone. She is confronted by a man who had/has a weight problem, and says that although she was something to look at, she was as mean as a snake. After he refuses to be bought a drink, suddenly Steve opens up and tells him he knows about what has happened with his wife. They are going to settle it outside - Tommy doesn't believe Steve to be a man to fight his own battles. After a little insult he leaves ... and is followed by the four men. He gets in a few good punches, but is smacked over the head with a rock and then held while each man gets a free punch, and then kicked while he lies on the ground. He is found by the barman, who phones Mo. The boys race over to the bar to find a badly-beaten Tommy. Immediately they get back into the truck and head over to Steve's house. Steve calls his friends. Mo threatens Steve -- his friends show, but Willie thinks quickly and rams the frat boys' car into some snow. Mo is about to beat Steve when his little daughter shows up and asks what is wrong. Mo can't do it and leaves. As they leave, Darian drives towards the house to deal with the mess she has made. Tommy is taken to hospital where he need stitches and has a few broken ribs, but generally is ok. Sharon stops round and takes pity on him. That night, Paul, overcome with emotion, and having learnt that Jan and Victor are engaged, decides to clear her driveway from snow, for a change, as an act of kindness. The next day Willie stops round to check on Tommy and to say goodbye as he has decided to leave and head back to NY with Tracy. Sharon has stayed with Tommy overnight. Willie tells Tommy not to mess it up this time. Tommy is still a little reluctant to visit - he'll never leave the town. Willie and Tracy pack the car with luggage. Willie introduces Tracy to Marty, then says goodbye to Marty one last time and gives her a kiss on the cheek. Paul shows up to wave them off. Paul recognises Marty as "the little neighborhood Lolita", she has a few words for the-good-for-nothing High School buddy as well. Paul tells Willie not to forget about them, even though "nothing changes in the Ridge but the seasons!" As they pull away they run past Kev, who tells them to 'be cool forever', and then out of town to "Sweet Caroline". JT, HowDoesTheMovieEnd.com 
 A Decade Under the Influence (2003)321) A documentary examining the decade of the 1970s as a turning point in American cinema. Some of today's best filmmakers interview the influential directors of that time. The 1970s was an extraordinary time of rebellion, of questioning every accepted idea: political activism, hedonism, protests, the sexual revolution, the women's movement, the civil rights movement, the music revolution, rage and liberation. Every standard by which we set our social and cultural clocks was either turned inside out or thrown away completely and reinvented. For American cinema, the 1970s was an era during which a new generation of filmmakers created work for a new kind of audience--moviegoers who were hungry for stories that reflected their own experiences and who were turning their backs on aged old studio formulas. As a result, emerging filmmakers influenced by foreign directors such as Godard, Kurosawa and Fellini coupled with the social climate and a struggling studio system, converged to create a new kind of moviemaking. Through their choice of material, filmmakers such as Francis Ford Coppola, Martin Scorsese, Robert Altman, Peter Bogdanovich, William Friedkin, Roger Corman and Paul Schrader revolutionized mainstream movies and for the first time personal visions were coming out of the studio system. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A compendium of interviews and excerpts from the films of the late sixties and early 70s that were a counter movement to the big Studio Films of the late sixties. Directed by Ted Demme, it is obviously a labor of love of the films of the period, but it gives short shrift to the masterpieces of the times. Many of the filmmakers of this period were influenced by Truffaut, Antonioni, Fellini, Bergman, and of course John Cassavetes. Unfortunately the documentary logging in at 138 minutes is too short! The film is rich with interviews and opinions of filmmakers. Some of the people interviewed are: Martin Scorsese, Francis Coppola, Robert Altman, Peter Bogdonovich, Ellen Burstyn, and Roger Corman, Bruce Dern, Sydney Pollack, Dennis Hopper, and Jon Voight. Bruce Dern has a moment of truth when he says that he and Jack Nicholson may not have been as good looking as the other stars that came before them but they were "interesting". This summarizes the other areas of this period of filmmaking in American history. The filmmakers were dealing with a lack of funding from the Studios because they were expressing unconventional attitudes about politics, sex, drugs, gender and race issues, and Americas involvement in overseas conflicts like the Vietnam War. An interview with Francis Coppola is enlightening with his saying that he got the chance to make The Conversation because the producers knew he had been trained by Roger Corman to make a movie with nothing so they bankrolled his film. Another interview is with Jon Voight who was directed by Hal Ashby in Coming Home a clear anti-war film about a crippled soldier immersing himself back into society after his facing battle. Voight talks about how his working methods helped him achieve an emotional telling point when Ashby said that they were doing a rehearsal take and it ended up being the take used in the film- it was better because it was so un-rehearsed and not drained of its freshness by being over-rehearsed. There are also many fine excerpts from Al Pacino's break-through film The Panic in Needle Park, and interviews from Dennis Hopper on the making of Easy Rider, and interviews from Sydney Pollack about making films. The documentary is a jumping off point for any film lover who wants to see examples of what the new voices in film were like in the Seventies. Many of the Sundance Folks, where this film made a big splash, are unaware of just how much the Independent Film Maker today owes to the films of John Cassavetes, Milos Foreman, William Friedkin, and Roger Corman. 