nm0001867:

 The Magnificent Scoundrels (1991)Summaries Valentino is a mediocre con artist who crosses paths with Kwan, a fellow con artist. Together, they impersonate various people and create numerous schemes to make money. Meanwhile, gangsters are making a scheme of their own. Valantino is a loser who's girlfriend has run off to get married, she mets a very lousy con-artist, thanks to her he's in trouble with a local mob boss. Meanwhile another low life is in trouble with the same boss, he's ordered to rob a rich man's house and he'll split whatever he steals with the mob boss. Chow and Mo go to the same house to rob it by trying to draw the occupants out of the home with free tickets to go see Sally Yeh. Wu has beforehand lured away the maids from the house with the help of a Filipino party-animal. But chaos breaks loose as they confuse each other with a relative of the occupant and the occupant respectively. Each thinking the other has money, they keep on trying to scam each other here and there. Wu even goes so far as to hire Amy Yip to seduce Chow. Mo is jealous and tries to have her breasts enlarged so that hers are even bigger than Yip's... Joseph P. Ulibas <mculibas@cwnet.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Robotrix (1991)Summaries A man transfers his mind to an android, and kidnaps a middle eastern prince, demanding a ransom. Meanwhile, he goes on a spree of raping and killing prostitutes. The police secret androids, Robotrix, are the only ones that could stop him. A mad scientist transfers his mind to a wicked robot, which then embarks on a program of kidnaping, rape and murder, during which a female detective is killed. To fight the robot, the police woman's corpse is then made into a robotrix... Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 To Be Number One (1991)Summaries The story of Ho, a chinese peasant/slave worker who escapes to Hong Kong and becomes one of the most feared crime bosses in Hong Kong. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Wu hu si hai (1992)Summaries A young Taiwanese man after being released from prison starts his life as a gangster. He goes to Hong Kong to do some business with the Triads. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 