nm0000181:

 The Perfect Man (2005)431) A lonely mother begins receiving romantic e-mails from a secret admirer, unaware that this perfect man is really a creation of her daughter who is trying to cheer her up. Teenager Holly Hamilton is tired of moving every time her single mom Jean has another personal meltdown involving yet another second-rate guy. To distract her mother from her latest bad choice, Holly conceives the perfect plan for the perfect man.. an imaginary secret admirer who will romance Jean and boost her shaky self-esteem. When the virtual relationship takes off, Holly finds herself having to produce the suitor, borrowing her friend's charming and handsome Uncle Ben as the face behind the e-mails, notes and gifts. Holly must resort to increasingly desperate measures to keep the ruse alive and protect her mom's newfound happiness, almost missing the real perfect man when he does come along. Helen Waite Holly's mother Jean has devoted her entire life to taking care of her and her sister and has not regretted it. But she also knows that eventually Holly and her sister will leave the nest and she will be alone, so she wants to meet a great guy but unfortunately, when the guy she is seeing turns out to be not the great guy she thought he was, she uproots her family and moves to another city. This time they find themselves in New York, and Holly not wanting to move thinks that the best thing she should do is to make up a suitor for mother, who is the perfect guy, and hopefully she won't want to move again. So on advice from her friend's uncle she starts sending her mother flowers and gifts with words he provides her and before she knows it, her mother is taken with this perfect man. But eventually her mother wants to meets this guy but can't so what can Holly do? rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Single mother Jean (Heather Locklear) moves every time she gets her heart broken by another guy, much to the dismay of her teenage daughter, Holly (Hilary Duff). The film stats with Holly making plans to go to her first ever school dance, which is a week away, when Jean's current boyfriend comes over and reveals he has been unfaithful to Jean and then she shoves a cake into his face. After the most recent heartbreak, Jean, Holly and her little sister, Zoe, move to Brooklyn where Holly makes friends with a girl named Amy. Holly devises a plan to invent a secret admirer for her mother, so she'll be happy and stop moving. Holly overhears her friend Amy's (Vanessa Lengies) uncle Ben (Chris Noth) ordering flowers for a woman, and decides to use his advice on women (which she acquires by telling him she needs help for a English paper on romantic leads and their modern counterparts). Following Ben's advice, she sends her mother orchids and other gifts and love notes, and is soon communicating with her mother as this fictitious admirer (who Holly names Ben) via the internet. As her mother becomes more interested, Holly has to find a photo of this admirer. She sends one of the real Ben, and then devises a reason why they can't meet in person, claiming he is opening a restaurant in China. While she is developing the online romance between her mother and fake Ben, and preventing her mother and the real Ben from meeting in person, she finds herself drawn to a cute, artistic boy in her class, Adam (Ben Feldman), but is unwilling to get close to anyone due to her history of being uprooted and having to say goodbye so often. As the charade continues, and as Holly spends more time with Ben while picking his brain for romance tips, she slowly begins to see qualities in Ben which make her believe he is her mother's 'perfect man.' Unfortunately there is no way her mother can ever meet the real Ben without Holly's plan being exposed. Holly asks help from Adam to disguise as Ben in the telephone and break up with Jean. But he fails, as he is revealed to be harboring feelings for Holly too, in effect telling Holly's mother the opposite of what is planned. Next day at school, Adam admits his feelings for Holly by kissing her. That night, Lenny (Mike O'Malley), a man who is infatuated with Jean, proposes to her and she replies with a 'maybe'. Holly, as an act of desperation, then disguises herself as Ben's secretary and arranges a meeting between Ben and her mom. Next day, when Holly mistakenly believes Ben is marrying someone else, she disrupts the wedding to tell Ben he should be with her mother - not noticing he is there because the bride was his dear friend and he was catering the wedding. An angry Ben follows her out and makes her tell him the full story. Holly then goes to the meeting place and admits the whole ruse to Jean, who seems to take it badly. Days pass by and Holly and her mom maintain a cold relationship, and Holly is insulted by her interpretation of Adam's drawing of "Princess Holly." Holly begs Jean for them to move again. Her mother is humiliated and wants to stay, but Holly tells her to leave this once for Holly. She says that she always has to move for her mom. Her mom can't argue with that so they start to pack. Adam, for what he thought was the last time, went to Holly's home and gave Holly's mom his drawing, commenting that the drawing has another side, which turns out to be Adam telling Holly that he'll always be there for her. Touched, Jean logs onto the internet with Holly's screen name and talks to Adam. Adam, thinking it's Holly, says that her mom is setting a bad example, getting up and leaving when things get bad. Jean is deeply moved by this and decides to stay, finding a new job and trying to rebuild her life without running away. She also apologizes to her daughter and tells her to look at the other side of the drawing, making Holly happy. Meanwhile Ben is intrigued by what Holly told him about her mother, and with Holly's help, Jean and Ben finally meet and Jean finds her 'perfect man' at last. Holly is on the road to her perfect man as now she has some stability in her life and finally opens up and admits her feelings for Adam. At the end, Adam and Holly go to their first school dance together. 
 Melrose Place (19921999)44) Classic serial drama around a group of friends living in Melrose Place, California. The lives and loves of a group of young adults living in "Melrose Place" in California. Each with their own dreams and drives, the inevitable conflicts, conquests, and consummations ensue. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> This Aaron Spelling series -with characteristic attractive, but not (yet) famous, casting- is set in and named after an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, just affordable -even if some take a roommate- for a number of tweens who hope to start their adult life from there in the huge metropolis. The early tenants include Billy Campbell, an optimistic, pleasant would be-writer, Allison Parker, a neurotic-anal employee who has a love-hate-relationship with him, Matt Fielding, a noble gay social worker, Dr. Michael Mancini who also acts as (unqualified) superintendent, his partner Jane Andrews whose ambition is in fashion, handy-man Jake Hanson -also the artificial link with Spelling hit series Beverly Hills 90210- and photographer Jo Reynolds. At first it focuses on their neighborly and amical/amorous relationships, but as they get started in life their professional lives introduce new story lines, lovers and other characters, some of which become very important and/or move in, such as Michael's hospital rival Peter Burns, Billy and Allison's boss Amanda Woodward, Jane's crazy sister Sidney and many others, so the series evolves from a young soap to a mix of more dramatical stories, including adultery, divorce, even violent crimes. KGF Vissers Set in an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, Melrose Place was originally a spin-off from Beverly Hills 90210, but when its initial formula of looking at the lives of a group of well-meaning, attractive 20-somethings failed to get high ratings, writers introduced conflict in the form of less moral characters (notably Amanda Woodward played by Heather Locklear). Ratings improved, and storylines became more and more outrageous: characters coming back from the dead, multiple personalities, a bomb destroying the apartment complex. By the end of Season 4, story-lines appeared to tend towards being more "grounded", however. Paul Baker <bakerjp@unix.lancs.ac.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Money Talks (1997)321) Sought by police and criminals, a small-time huckster makes a deal with a TV newsman for protection. Chris Tucker is a small time con man who instantly becomes famous after a murder, wanted dead or alive, his only hope is a journalist named James Russell (Sheen). Jerome Hotman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Los Angeles, Franklin Hatchett ( Chris Tucker ) drives down the street singing along to the songs on the radio in his car. After a meeting with a friend, he heads to the car wash that he works at. Also at the car wash is local reporter James Russell ( Charlie Sheen ), who is doing a report on inner city crime. He notes Franklin's habits of conning and illegally buying and selling things, and unsuccessfully tries to interview him in order to get him to confess on camera. Angered at being blown off by him, Russell calls the police, who come arrest Hatchett. Hatchett is held in jail, and eventually loaded onto a prisoner transport bus along with several other criminals. Hatchett and another criminal, Raymond Villard ( Grard Ismal ), do not get along, but are handcuffed together. Meanwhile, Russell presents the video of the police arresting Hatchett to his boss, hoping it'll be big news, but his boss dislikes it and fires him after they argue. The bus is attacked on a bridge during the transport by a group of commandos, aided by one of the bus drivers, all of whom are there to spring Villard. They blow up the bus and shoot everyone inside, and recover Villard, and Hatchett goes with them, as he's cuffed to Villard. The corrupt bus driver, actually a criminal named Dubray ( Frank Bruynbroek ) greets Villard once on board their helicopter after the escape. He cuts the pair free of each other by breaking the handcuffs, and Hatchett hears them discussing a large amount of stolen diamonds hidden in the dashboard of car. The two prepare to kill him, waiting until they get over land to drop him, but he jumps out of the copter, and falls into the water below as they shoot at him. They fly away, but Hatchett surfaces, and gets onto land. Hatchett enters a diner and orders food, but two cops come in and sit down, scaring him. He keeps calm until pictures of himself and Villard are shown on TV during a broadcast about the bus escape, in which Hatchett has been falsely linked to Villard and the cop killings he and his men committed. The cops quickly connect him to the pictures on TV. He gets up and dives behind the bar just as they pull out their guns, and they open fire. He manages to get outside, and they chase him, but he loses them amid the traffic. Seeing Russell's face on an advertisement on the back of a bus, Hatchett resolves to contact him. The two meet at a dock, and after an initially hostile confrontation, Russell convinces Hatchett to stay with him, saying he'll prove his innocence of the murders. The two then go to his home, and Russell calls his boss and tells him that he has Hatchett, and his boss gives him his job back so that he can publish the story in time for Sweeps week. After Hatchett cleans himself up, the two attend Russell's wedding rehearsal dinner, where he meets Russell's fiancee Grace Cipriano ( Heather Locklear ), and her parents, Guy ( Paul Sorvino ) and Connie ( Veronica Cartwright ). Hatchett pretends to be the son of famous singer Vic Damone , and endears himself to Guy. Meanwhile, two police officers, Bobby Pickett ( Paul Gleason ) and Detective Williams ( Daniel Roebuck ), interrogate Hatchett's girlfriend Paula ( Elise Neal ), and wiretap her phone. Hatchett calls Paula during the rehearsal, who is furious, and he says he'll come see her. He quickly learns this is out of the question when he tries to leave, as he sees police cars driving around searching for him. He convinces Russell to help him, and the two set out to look for proof of Franklin's innocence. They head to Paula's home, where Hatchett consoles her and convinces her that he's not involved in the killings reported on the news. He and Russell are forced to flee when Pickett and Williams show up after hearing Hatchett and Paula's phone conversation, and the cops chase Hatchett and Russell across several rooftops, though the pair manages to escape. The two then head to a European nightclub which Russell claims he can get them into, since Hatchett believes the culprits behind the murders are there. They're denied access, but Hatchett calls the club and claims there's a bomb inside, causing a large panic, and all the patrons flee the club. Villard and Dubray drive out from around the alley next to the club, and open fire on the pair. They flee down the street, avoiding gunfire, as the two criminals keep up in their car, and they hide in a small shop. The criminals enter the shop, and one of them violently guns down the shopkeeper, who was woken up by the commotion. When they don't find Hatchett and Russell, they leave. The two then visit Hatchett's childhood friend Aaron ( Michael Wright ), who is a local arms dealer. He gives the two several guns to carry with them, promising to help them if they get into trouble. The next morning, the two visit the Cipriano home, where Russell smooths things over with Grace, who saw his picture on TV as a suspect, along with Hatchett, both now wanted for murder since the police know Russell is aiding Hatchett. Hatchett eats breakfast with Guy, and Guy shows him the expensive watches he's buying for Russell and Grace as wedding presents. Hatchett convinces him to buy the couple a car as a wedding gift, and the two go to an auto expo where Hatchett plans to search for the cache of diamonds he heard Villard and Dubray discussing earlier. Guy and Franklin get into a bidding war with Villard, Dubray, and the other Europeans over a car, and Franklin calls the police, telling them that the Europeans are at the expo. Russell arrives and finds him, and the two begin to argue about Hatchett's actions, which results in a fist fight. Hatchett beats Russell, and goes into the garage where the cars are stored. He finds the diamonds inside one of the car dashboards, but Dubray finds him, and the two engage in a lengthy car chase which ends when Dubray is caught in a large pileup of civilian cars on a street. Back at the expo, Villard finds Russell and kidnaps him. Franklin meets Paula at a restaurant, and he shows her the diamonds. He explains what happened and the two try to decide what to do. He then receives a call from Villard on Russell's phone, who tells him that they have Russell and that they'll kill him if the diamonds aren't returned. Franklin agrees to meet them at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He also calls the police, a local mob boss whom he owes money to, and French mercenaries, and they all agree to meet him at the coliseum as well. Once there, Franklin finds officers Pickett and Williams, but Pickett shoots Williams, revealing himself as a dirty cop employed by Villard. Franklin knocks him out and escapes, but the other parties arrive, and a massive shootout ensues. During the chaos, Russell frees himself, planting several grenades under Villard's helicopter, and he and Franklin meet up. The police detectives and the crew of mobsters are all wiped out, but Aaron shows up with some of his men, and they even the odds, using RPGs against Villard's men, and Dubray is also killed. Franklin and Russell are then cornered by the rest of Villard's men, but Franklin throws the diamonds into the air and they scatter all around, causing the me to drop their weapons and try to grab them. The police arrive, and Villard tries to escape in his helicopter, but the grenades detonate, and he's killed in the explosion. In the end, Franklin and Russell are cleared of all charges, and Russell marries Grace, with Franklin as his best man, and Franklin gives Russell the ring, with a diamond on it, and Russell realizes that Franklin said an unknown number of the diamonds. 
 The Return of Swamp Thing (1989)Summaries In this tongue-in-cheek sequel, the benevolent bog creature falls for the vegetarian, plant-loving daughter of the evil scientist who created him. The Swamp Thing returns to battle the evil Dr. Arcane, who has a new science lab full of creatures transformed by genetic mutation, and chooses Heather Locklear as his new object of affection. Jason Ihle <jrihl@conncoll.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 