nm0006618:

 Altered Carbon (20182020)44) Set in a future where consciousness is digitized and stored, a prisoner returns to life in a new body and must solve a mind-bending murder to win his freedom. ALTERED CARBON is set in a future where consciousness is digitized and stored in cortical stacks implanted in the spine, allowing humans to survive physical death by having their memories and consciousness "re-sleeved" into new bodies. The story follows specially trained "Envoy" soldier Takeshi Kovacs, who is downloaded from an off-world prison and into a combat ready sleeve at the behest of Laurens Bancroft, a highly influential aristocrat. Bancroft was killed, and the last automatic backup of his stack was made hours before his death, leaving him with no memory of who killed him and why. While police ruled it a suicide, Bancroft is convinced he was murdered and wants Kovacs to find out the truth. Takeshi Kovacs wakes up after 250 years in hibernation. He is now in a different body, a fact made possible by modern technology. Humans are able to upload their profile into a device embedded in their bodies, a "stack". This allows humans to be immortal, as long as their stack is not damaged: if their body, or "sleeve", dies they can transfer themselves into a new sleeve and continue existing. The recently-murdered Laurens Bancroft, one of the wealthiest people in the world, now hires Kovacs to find out who murdered him. grantss Altered Carbon is set in the 23rd century when the human mind has been digitized and the soul it self is transferable from one body to the next. Takeshi Kovacs, a former elite interstellar warrior known as an Envoy who has been imprisoned for 250 years, is downloaded into a future he'd tried to stop. If he can solve a single murder in a world where technology has made death nearly obsolete, he'll get a chance at a new life on Earth. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Operation Finale (2018)431) A team of secret agents set out to track down the Nazi officer who masterminded the Holocaust. Director Chris Weitz's historical thriller is based on the story of how a group of Israeli secret agents arrested notorious SS officer Adolf Eichmann - the man who masterminded the "Final Solution" - in Argentina. Oscar Isaac plays the legendary Mossad agent Peter Malkin, while Ben Kingsley plays his emotionally manipulative arch-nemesis. After tracking Eichmann down to Buenos Aires, Malkin and his men captured him and brought him to Israel for a historic 8-month trial. On Christmas Eve in 1944, SS-Obersturmbannfhrer Adolf Eichmann (Kingsley) flees the Eastern Front to Berlin to coordinate the destruction of documents related to Department B4, going into hiding after the war ends. In Buenos Aires, Sylvia Hermann (Haley Lu Richardson) begins courting Klaus Eichmann (Joe Alwyn). Klaus meets Sylvia and her German-Jewish father, Lothar (Peter Strauss) at home. Klaus speaks of his father's service with the SS but tells Lothar that he had died on the Eastern Front, and that he has been raised by his uncle, Ricardo. Suspicious, Lothar passes this information to West German prosecutor-general Fritz Bauer. Bauer, suspecting Klaus' uncle may in fact be Adolf Eichmann, relays this intelligence to Mossad director Isser Harel (Lior Raz) in Tel Aviv, but Harel is unwilling to devote resources to investigate. At the insistence of Rafi Eitan (Nick Kroll), Harel dispatches field agent Zvi Aharoni (Michael Aronov) to Buenos Aries to begin reconnaissance. At a dinner party celebrating Argentina's 150th anniversary of independence from Spain, Klaus introduces Sylvia to Carlos Fuldner, a former Nazi officer who assisted with SS members escape to Argentina. Fuldner addresses the guests with anti-Semitic rhetoric invoking the Hitlergrsse, leaving Sylvia visibly disturbed, who promptly leaves.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After World War II ends, Holocaust mastermind Adolf Eichmann (Ben Kingsley) disappears; other Nazi leaders commit suicide and none face trial for their crimes. Years later, Mossad agent Peter Malkin (Oscar Isaac) mistakenly kills the wrong person while hunting a Nazi war criminal in Austria, damaging his reputation. In Buenos Aires, Sylvia Hermann (Haley Lu Richardson) unknowingly begins courting the son of Adolf Eichmann, Klaus (Joe Alwyn). At dinner with her German-Jewish father, Lothar (Peter Strauss), Klaus openly speaks negatively about Jews in Germany and claims his father died in the war. Lothar grows suspicious and passes his name along to Mossad in Tel Aviv. Field agent Zvi Aharoni (Michael Aronov) is dispatched in Buenos Aires to begin reconnaissance, presumably being offered the job over Peter. Klaus takes Sylvia to a meeting, which turns out to be a Nazi revival led by Carlos Fuldner, which Eichmann also attends. Realizing what the meeting is, Sylvia abruptly leaves, ending her relationship with Klaus. Now working in coordination with Mossad, Sylvia meets the Eichmann family at their home under the guise of reconciling with Klaus. An argument between her and Klaus causes Adolf (living under the name Ricardo Clement and claiming to be Klaus's uncle) to intervene; Klaus accidentally refers to him as his father and Eichmann is subsequently photographed. Eichmann notices the operative taking his photo and sketches him. The Mossad team uses the evidence from the meeting to confirm Adolf's identity and plan his capture - they intend to disguise themselves as an air crew and fly him out while sedated. Peter and his ex-girlfriend Hanna, a doctor, are brought on to the team with her role to keep Eichmann sedated during their travels. After capturing Eichmann, he admits his real identity, but his family realize that Sylvia found out as well, and inform the police who prevent their plane from taking off. The agents learn that the Israeli airline, El Al, will not agree to transport Eichmann unless he signs an affidavit stating he will willfully go to Israel; he refuses to sign because he does not believe he will get a fair trial. The team's interrogator is not able to get through to Eichmann, but Peter eventually does by sharing his personal story of the loss of his sister and her three young children to the Holocaust and listening to Eichmann's story about being ignorant of the actual killing of the Jews, his job being focused exclusively on logistics. During the plane's delay and while they await Eichmann's capitulation, Klaus and the police increasingly investigate Eichmann's disappearance, distributing the sketch of the operative to the public. As the Mossad team prepare to leave, Eichmann drops his polite facade and tells Peter a horrific story of watching 5,000 Jews murdered in a pit, cruelly wondering aloud if one of them (a woman who had begged Eichmann to save her infant) was Peter's sister. When one of the Mossad team is captured after using US dollars instead of pesos, she reveals the location of the safe house, and the rest of the team must escape in one car, leaving two operatives behind. The police also confiscate the plane's landing permits, grounding it. Peter hand-delivers a copy of the permit to air traffic control and, seeing the police closing in, orders the plane to take off without him. Later, all the operatives reunite at Eichmann's trial. Text indicates the outcome of his trial and Peter's life. 
 Duell der Brder - Die Geschichte von Adidas und Puma (2016 TV Movie)Summaries In the 1920s the two brothers Adolf and Rudolf Dassler start manufacturing sport shoes. Adolf is a talented craftsman and his dream is that one day all the best sportsmen in the world will wear his shoes. Rudolf on the other hand is the economical brain of their business, handling sales and marketing. After World War II, they continue producing shoes but the relationship between the two brothers starts to deteriorate. Both of them claim the company to be theirs, leading to an ever growing rivalry. A rivalry still existing today, represented by two of the most popular sports brands. Wallwatcher It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 X Company (20152017)Summaries Set in the thrilling and dangerous world of WWII, follows the stories of five highly skilled young recruits, torn from their ordinary lives to train as agents in an ultra-secret facility. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 