nm0000123:

 Good Night, and Good Luck. (2005)321) Broadcast journalist Edward R. Murrow looks to bring down Senator Joseph McCarthy . In the early 1950's, the threat of Communism created an air of paranoia in the United States and exploiting those fears was Senator Joseph McCarthy of Wisconsin. However, CBS reporter Edward R. Murrow and his producer Fred W. Friendly decided to take a stand and challenge McCarthy and expose him for the fear monger he was. However, their actions took a great personal toll on both men, but they stood by their convictions and helped to bring down one of the most controversial senators in American history. Brian Washington <Sargebri@att.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins on Oct. 25, 1958, at a fancy dinner tribute to Edward R. Murrow (David Strathairn). Its the usual gala affair, everyone is dressed up and looking expensive. Ed Murrow is introduced as a hero who fought against McCarthyism. Ed comes out and proceeds to make a speech about how journalism has become occupied with presenting only good news and how journalists have succumb to escapism, losing touch with the real world. This attack makes the audience uncomfortable and Fred Friendly (George Clooney) looks like hes having a good time. Flashback to 1953. Joe Wershba (Robert Downey Jr.) and Shirley Wershba (Patricia Clarkson) are alone in the copy room; someone walks in and jokingly asks what people might think. Joe takes Shirley aside and tells her about a loyalty (to McCarthy or the government) oath she must sign, or he may get fired. After some thought, she agrees and they kiss. The newsmen are in a conference room, trying to decide news pieces for the next show. People mention some McCarthy related topics, but are immediately shot down given the controversy involved. Someone brings up the topic of an air force officer in Chicago, who was dismissed from the air force because his father was deemed to be a communist or have communist ties. At his trial, all charges and evidence were in a sealed envelope, which no one saw. The Air Force Officers rights to a fair trial were clearly violated, as he didnt even know the charges against him and was found guilty anyway. The newsmen are reluctant to pursue this, afraid of a backlash from McCarthy. They agree to send two people to Chicago to get some footage and decide from there. Later, the crew is watching footage of the Air Force Officer saying that he would not want his kids to be persecuted for the affiliations of their parents and have to denounce their own father. Ed, Fred, and a third man, are in a room, trying to decide whether to run the piece. Ed is completely for it, while the third man is opposed, mentioning their sponsorship from Alcoa, who is dependant on government contracts. Fred seems to be ambivalent, but trusting Ed. They decide to run it as a piece against the infringement of civil liberties and not mention McCarthy. Fred is met in his office by two Colonels, who proceed to berate him about jeopardizing national security, interfering with government business, etc. Fred asks the Colonels if they know the contents of the sealed envelope and they clearly dont. The story runs; Ed comments on the sealed envelope, and closes with his signature Good night and good luck. We see a bit of the show that runs after Eds, its Don Hollenbeck (Ray Wise) praising Eds courage and reporting. There is a tense moment as everyone waits for the phones to ring and none do. Someone in the back asks if he should turn the phones back on and the tension is eased. The phones start ringing off the hook. Later, the crew, along with Don, is having drinks at a bar and decides to get the early edition newspaper reviews of the show. The first one comes out very good, the second one not. Some people look relaxed, some angry, but Don looks very uneasy. William (Bill) Paley (Frank Langella), boss at CBS, summons Fred to his office and chews him out for the piece, mentioning their sponsorship from Alcoa. However, Bill doesnt actually ask Fred to stop reporting on McCarty issues; he seems to both enjoy yelling at Fred and also trust Freds judgment. Joe and Shirley are getting ready for work, before Joe leaves, Shirley reminds him to take off his wedding ring. It turns out that they are secretly married, which is against company policy. Later, Joe is approached by someone from the government, who warns Joe about running future McCarthy pieces, saying, "What if I told you that Ed Murrow was on the Soviet payroll in 1932?" The crew decides to run a direct attack on McCarthy. McCarthy is holding a senate hearing on a woman who supposedly works in the Pentagon Code Room and is a Communist spy. Although the hearing isnt a real trial, they get the woman fired from her job. The woman in the hearing doesnt actually work in the Code Room and denies any Communist ties. Apparently, an FBI agent saw her name on a Communist mailing list and that is all the evidence they are going on. The news crew point out several things wrong with the hearing: the woman has the same name as three others in the phone book and McCarthy himself leaves the hearing after a few questions. All of these facts are brought to light in Eds show, and Ed volunteers to give McCarthy a chance to defend himself on the show. McCarthy takes up the offer and basically uses the show to make a series of accusations about Eds ties to Communism: a writer with communist ties had dedicated a book to Ed, Ed was on the Soviet payroll in 1932 for some foreign exchange program, and Ed is a card carrying member of the International Industrial Workers association, which is known to be communist. Ed uses the next show to rebut: he was a friend of the author despite their different beliefs, he doesnt deny the second charge, and the third charge is untrue. Ed also says that since McCarthy didn't refute any facts Ed reported about him, the world can assume they are true. The newsmen are sitting around and find out that the Air Force Officer from the first story was reinstated back to the army. At the same time, they also learn that Don Hollenbeck has committed suicide, apparently the pressure was too much for him. In other news, the Senate declares an investigation on McCarthy. Joe and Shirley are called into the editors office and are told about an upcoming layoff. The editor mentions that it is against company policy for two employees to be married and everyone knows they are married. In a happy moment, the two put their rings back on and Joe decides to quit. Bill Paley calls Fred and Ed into his office tells them that CBS lost the Alcoa sponsorship and will have to lay a lot of people off. Ed yells at Bill for his trying to censor them, but Bill responses that he showed his reservations, but had never stopped them from running a piece. Bill tells Ed that his show will be cut from 1 hour to 30 minutes, moved to Sunday afternoon, and Ed will only do five more shows. Ed and Fred walk to the elevator and say that they might as well go out with a bang in their last five shows. Fred mentions that Joe and Shirley were married and Ed seems to be the only one who didnt know. Cut back to Oct. 25, 1958. Ed finishes his speech saying that journalists are the ones with the responsibility to keep the public informed of the real world, regardless of its unpleasantness. Good night and good luck. 
 Up in the Air (I) (2009)651) Ryan Bingham enjoys living out of a suitcase for his job, travelling around the country firing people, but finds that lifestyle threatened by the presence of a potential love interest, and a new hire presenting a new business model. Ryan Bingham is a corporate downsizing expert whose cherished life on the road is threatened just as he is on the cusp of reaching ten million frequent flyer miles, and just after he's met the frequent-traveller woman of his dreams. Ryan Bingham flies around the country firing people. He's good at his job and is constantly in the air flying from one city to another. He's also an accumulator of frequent flyer miles and has a goal: he wants to get to ten million miles. His routine is interrupted by the arrival of Natalie Keener, who thinks the travel is unnecessary and the firings can be done through videoconferencing. Ryan's boss loves the idea, but wants Ryan to take Natalie on the road with him to show her how he does it. It proves to be a life lesson for Natalie after one of her counseling sessions goes wrong. Ryan also learns that some of the choices he's made have not always been the correct one. garykmcd Ryan Bingham's job is to fire people from theirs. The anguish, hostility, and despair of his "clients" has left him falsely compassionate, living out of a suitcase, and loving every second of it. When his boss hires arrogant young Natalie, she develops a method of video conferencing that will allow termination without ever leaving the office, essentially threatening the existence Ryan so cherishes. Determined to show the naive girl the error of her logic, Ryan takes her on one of his cross country firing expeditions, but as she starts to realize the disheartening realities of her profession, he begins to see the downfalls to his way of life. The Massie Twins Ryan Bingham works for Omaha-based Career Transition Counseling, whose contracts are in corporate downsizing. In other words, they fire people. Ryan is flying around the U.S. over three hundred twenty days of the year, which he feels is the best part of his job. He does whatever he can to rack up frequent flyer miles, the goal not to use them, but just to accumulate them to a specific number he has in his mind. A secondary job he has is to give motivational speeches on relieving one's life of excess physical and emotional baggage. He truly does believe what he espouses as he lives out of his carry-on suitcase (his apartment in Omaha is really in name only), he is not close to his siblings (although he does do a favor for his sister while on his travels), nor does he have or want a significant person in his life. Ryan's life may change when the company hires Natalie Keener, a young overachieving woman who recommends that the company change the nature of the work by conducting the "firings" via remote computer access. Ryan believes that Natalie does not fully understand the nature of the business, and as such, their boss, Craig Gregory, suggests that she accompany Ryan on a business trip. Ryan is also trying to protect his way of life, which now includes meeting up with a woman named Alex Goran whenever their flight schedules mesh. Like Ryan, Alex, who he met in an airport hotel bar, is constantly travelling for work, and is as equally turned on the by the concepts of "elite status" or "preferred member" as Ryan is. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening credits roll over a montage of aerial shots of the ground as seen from an airplane in flight, as Sharon Jones & the Dap-Kings sing "This Land Is Your Land." The plane lands and we see a series of talking heads -- people who have just been fired. Their reactions run the gamut from incredulousness and sadness to anger, and are directed at Ryan Bingham ( George Clooney ), who is sitting calmly behind a desk. He works for CTC, Career Transition Counseling. In a voice-over, Ryan introduces himself: "I work for another company that lends me out to pussies like Steve's boss, who don't have the balls to sack their own employees." There's a quick montage of retaliatory actions a disgruntled fired employee might engage in (pouring bleach in the coffee, sniper shooting), and we see Ryan offer a pat, sincere consolation to Steve, a fired employee. In a hotel room, experienced traveler Ryan expertly packs his suitcase. We see him drop off his rental car at an airport, bypassing the vacationers in the airport to check in at the frequent flyer desk, and powering through security with practiced moves as his voice-over lyrically describes the airport as his home. In first class, the stewardess asks him, "Cancer?" He looks at her quizzically. "Cancer?" He is confused, and she holds up a soft drink can, repeating, patiently: "Can, sir?" He shakes his head quickly and politely declines. Next, Ryan gives a motivational speech, "Unpacking Your Backpack," where he admonishes a thin crowd in a nondescript hotel meeting room to consider how uncomplicated their lives would be if they didn't have responsibility for so many things: knick-knacks, photos, furniture, homes, and relationships. "Imagine waking up tomorrow with nothing. It's kinda exhilarating, isn't it?" The crowd is underwhelmed. Back at the airport, Ryan strides into a frequent flyer lounge flashing his membership card, where he is cheerfully greeted. He calls his office and talks to Kevin, an assistant, who tells him that he has been invited to appear at GoalQuest XX in Las Vegas as a motivational speaker. Ryan is excited; GoalQuest is a very high-profile conference. He is transferred to his boss, Craig Gregory ( Jason Bateman ), who asks him to come back to Omaha by the end of the week for big news. In a Dallas Hilton bar, Ryan trades frequent traveler observations with an attractive blonde businesswoman, Alex Goran ( Vera Farmiga ). They compare perks cards, and she's impressed by his American Airlines Concierge Key. ("Carbon fiber?" she inquires. "Graphite," he responds modestly.) She mentions that she flies about 60,000 miles a year, and Ryan politely says, "Not bad." She challenges him to disclose his mileage number. The challenge turns into verbal foreplay as she teases him on the size of his number. "Is it this big?" (Holds hands a few inches apart.) "this big?" (Holds hands further apart.) He mentions that he has a lifetime mileage goal in mind, but won't say what it is. Later, they swap stories about the most outr places they have had sex, and she declares that she has done it in an airline lavatory on a regional flight. They end up in bed together, and later compare calendars to see if they will be in the same town sometime soon. She decides to return to her room, and he agrees that that would be the "ladylike thing to do." The next morning, he goes through what is obviously a routine: his workout in the hotel pool, a shoe shine, and the airport. While waiting for his plane, he receives a call from his sister Kara ( Amy Morton ), who is discussing the wedding of their sister Julie ( Melanie Lynskey ). Kara is sending him a cardboard cutout of Julie and her fianc because Julie wants him to take a photo of the cutout in Las Vegas at the Luxor pyramid. He reluctantly agrees. Omaha: Voice-over: "Last year I spent 322 days on the road, which meant I spent 43 miserable days at home." Ryan enters his small studio apartment, which has less personality than a hotel room: minimal utilitarian furniture, no decorations. His neighbor, a diffident young woman, brings over a package that she has signed for: the cutout that his sister wants him to photograph. He invites his neighbor over, and she awkwardly declines, telling him that she is now seeing someone. Ryan is unconcerned. At a staff meeting, Craig is chortling that the economic downturn has created a wonderful opportunity for their firm, and introduces Natalie Keener ( Anna Kendrick ), a fresh young up-and-comer who has recently graduated at the top of her class at Cornell. Natalie introduces an on-line monitor that will be used to fire people from a remote location over the internet, eliminating the need for human resource specialists such as Ryan to travel. Ryan is appalled at the impersonality of the process -- and, we suspect, at the loss of his travel privileges. After the meeting, he goes to Craig's office to protest. Natalie joins them, and Ryan tells her that she knows nothing of the realities of firing a person. She brightly tells him that she majored in psychology, and Ryan challenges her to fire him. She takes on the challenge, and tries to fire him, failing miserably. Later, Craig accuses him of not being a team player and becoming a dinosaur. Craig tells Ryan that Natalie will be accompanying him on the road for the next few days to learn the ropes, much to Ryan's chagrin. At home, Ryan packs for another road trip -- his shelves are as sparse as his apartment, utilitarian, containing nothing that is not traveling business attire. He is chagrined when he realizes that he has to carry the cut-out, which does not quite fit into his luggage. At the airport, he checks in with his usual efficiency, and then sighs when he sees Natalie arriving with a large, impractical suitcase. He forces her to buy a suitcase that will fit in the overhead compartment, telling her that he flies over 370 days a year, and that not checking luggage saves him the equivalent of a week a year. He ruthlessly pares her packing, tossing things he deems unnecessary into the trash. In the security line, he gives her the benefit of his traveling experience: Never get behind families or old people and try to find an Asian, because Asians travel light, wear slip-on shoes, and therefore move through security faster. Natalie: "That's racist!" Ryan: "I stereotype -- it's faster." St. Louis: Alex calls Ryan as Ryan and Natalie are heading for the car rental. She's in Atlanta, and they try to match up overlapping time somewhere. They agree to meet at SDF (Louisville). Ryan and Natalie enter another office and begin their job of firing people. Natalie is instructed to stay quiet and simply hand them their benefits package, but she can't resist piping up with an inanity when a man called Bob ( J.K. Simmons ) asks what his family is supposed to do when he is on unemployment. Ryan, who has taken the time to read Bob's resume, rescues the interview by helping him realize that this is an opportunity for him to follow his dream of being a chef. Bob leaves, resigned but less angry. Ryan bypasses a long line of people to check in at the Hilton Honors desk. An irate customer protests that Ryan just waltzed to the front of the line, but a smiling desk clerk tells her, "We reserve priority assistance for our Hilton Honors members!" Ryan helpfully hands the customer a brochure, and, still irate, she snatches it from him. At dinner with Natalie, Ryan orders several dinners to use up his $40 per diem. Natalie is surprised, and he tells her that he tries not to spend a nickel that doesn't go towards his frequent flyer miles. She asks why, and he tells her that he is aiming for ten million miles. She scoffs at what she deems to be a meaningless hobby, but he points out that that he would be only the seventh person to attain that level, and goes on to describe the award: lifetime executive status, meeting the chief pilot, Maynard Finch, and getting his name painted on the side of a plane. Natalie is unimpressed, and declares that if she had those miles, she'd show up at the airport, pick a place, and go. That evening, in bed, Ryan looks at his sister's wedding invitation. He receives text messages from Alex that quickly become sexually suggestive. He responds, smiles, and turns out the light. The next morning, Natalie helps Ryan by taking a photo of the cutout in front of the St. Louis airport. She doesn't understand the significance of the airport, and Ryan explains "the Wright Brothers flew here!" and goes on to ask Natalie if she never wondered why Charles Lindbergh's plane was called Spirit of St. Louis. Dismissively, she tells him no, she never wondered. Wichita: Another office. Another firing, but the employee is angry. Afterwards, Ryan tells Natalie that sometimes, they just need to vent. Natalie is taken aback, but wants to try firing the next person, who at first appears to take the news calmly, but then announces in the same calm fashion that "There's this beautiful bridge by my house. I'm going to go jump off it." Natalie is distraught, and races from the building. Ryan reassures her that people say all sorts of things while they are being fired, and never mean them. Kansas City: They enter an office that has been decimated -- only a few employees remain, and the receptionist is resigned when she sees them. In the hotel, Ryan overhears Natalie talking to her boyfriend as she declares, "I don't even think of him that way -- he's OLD." Ryan is taken aback. Alex joins him, and they enter a hotel room. Des Moines: Another office, another firing. Natalie is starting to feel the emotional strain. Miami: Ryan is giving another motivational talk, which he continues with the same allusion to getting rid of human connections, because relationships are the heaviest components of their lives. He declares, "The slower we move, the faster we die . . . we're sharks, we have to keep moving." Returning to the hotel, Natalie challenges Ryan about never getting married. He declares he is never getting married, and invites her to try to sell him on the idea of marriage. He's not buying. As they continue the discussion in the hotel lobby, Ryan wraps up the argument by declaring "make no mistake, we all die alone." Natalie suddenly dissolves in great sobbing tears and announces that her boyfriend, Bryan, has left her. As she falls sobbing into Ryan's arms, he sees Alex descending the stairs. Ryan introduces Alex to Natalie, and over drinks, Alex commiserates with Natalie: "He broke up with you by text? What a prick!" Ryan slyly agrees: "Almost as bad as being fired by internet." Natalie glares at him. Natalie goes on to tell them that she moved to Omaha to follow Bryan, giving up a good job offer in San Francisco, and goes on to lament that no matter how much success she might have professionally, it won't matter unless she finds the right guy. She has a mental schedule of deadlines that she had hoped to accomplish, and earnestly declares that she could have made her relationship with Bryan work because he met most of her requirements. Alex and Ryan smile and tell her that deadlines pretty much go out the window after a certain age. Alex goes on to explain that at 34, her expectations for a man have radically changed and describes the kind of man she'd like. Ryan listens with interest. Natalie observes that "that's depressing. We should just date women." Alex says, matter-of-factly, "Tried that. We're no picnic ourselves," to Ryan's surprise. Natalie says that she doesn't want to settle, and Alex tells her that she's young, so settling seems like failure. Natalie declares, earnestly, that is IS failure, by definition. As they return to their rooms, Natalie asks what the plans for the evening are. Alex and Ryan are taken aback and had obviously not expected to include her in their plans. Ryan announces that they are going to hit the party for the tech conference that is being held in the hotel. Natalie says that she didn't know they were registered, and Alex and Ryan hem and haw until Natalie realizes that they are planning to crash the party, at which point she enthusiastically declares, "I'm in!" They casually walk up to the registration desk, grab some unclaimed badges, and enter the party. Natalie has inadvertently picked up a name tag for Jennifer Chu, but Ryan assures her that no one will notice. Natalie quickly downs a few drinks and begins to mingle, meeting a man called Dave. (This is a reference to Natalie's list of preferences in a boyfriend -- one of the odder items was "a one-syllable name like Matt or ... Dave.") Ryan and Alex dance. The MC comes on stage to sing and gets the crowd amped up. Later, Ryan offers Alex his hotel room key, "the key to my place," and Alex takes it, commenting lightly that she didn't realize they were at that point in their relationship. On an evening boat ride with other members of the conference, Natalie sings karaoke and Ryan and Alex sit at the back of the boat talking. Alex tells Ryan that she never has a chance to act this way at home, and asks him about his motivational philosophy: "Is the bag empty because you hate people or you hate the baggage that they come with?" He comments that recently, he's been thinking about emptying the backpack, and what he'd put back in it. He smiles, they kiss and at that moment, the boat loses power. A speedboat rescues them and ferries them to shore, where they have to splash through the surf to the beach. Laughing and drenched, the crowd scurries into the hotel. The next morning, Ryan wakes to see Alex finishing getting dressed -- she has stayed the night. She says that if she catches a standby, she can make a meeting in Cincinnati. Ryan looks momentarily disappointed, and she chides him playfully, "Oh, I made you feel cheap!" They laugh, and as she leaves, Ryan tells her, "Hey -- I really like you." At breakfast at a poolside table, Natalie tries to apologize for what she might have said or done the night before, and Ryan tells her that it was good to see her cut loose. He then asks her if she woke him up or slipped out (referring to the man she picked up at the party). Natalie admits that she just slipped out, and Ryan observes, "the protocol's always tricky." As they are taking another picture of the cutout against the Miami skyline, Natalie asks Ryan questions about Alex, finally asking, "so, what kind of relationship do you have?" He tells her that it's casual, and Natalie asks if there's a future. Ryan tells that he hadn't thought about it, but Natalie becomes annoyed. Ryan tries to explain: "You know that moment when you look into someone's eyes and you can feel them staring into your soul and the whole world goes quiet just for a second?" Natalie nods, "Yes!" Ryan declares, "Yeah, well, I don't." Angrily, Natalie throws down the cutout on the dock and declares that he's an asshole, Alex might be a chance at a real relationship, and then goes on to tell him that his philosophy is bullshit, he has a "cocoon of self-banishment" and that he has set up a way of life that makes it impossible for him to have any kind of human connection. She storms off, and the cutout blows into the water. Ryan tries to reach it, but falls into the water, too. Back in his room, he carefully blow dries the picture, but safely tucked in the suitcase on the way to Detroit, it is a bit worse for wear. Detroit: Ryan warns Natalie that Detroit is a rough town and that the employees are touchy and will be difficult. When they enter the office, Ryan is surprised to see a computer monitor sitting on the table. Craig greets them from the screen -- he has arranged for a trial run of the internet-based firing procedure. They will be at a desk in the next room, but will only talk to the employees via screen. Natalie takes the first employee. At first, he is belligerent -- they can hear him bellowing in the next room through the thin walls -- but he later starts to sob disconsolately. Natalie is distressed, but hides it behind some stock encouraging phrases. She sends the employee away, and takes a deep breath. Craig has been monitoring the exchange, and is thoughtful. Ryan tells her, unconvincingly, that she did good as she looks forlornly at the list of employees -- this was the first of over fifty employees that will be released. In the parking lot, Natalie leans against the car as Ryan talks to Craig, trying to convince him that they are still needed on the road. After the conversation, he resignedly tells Natalie that Craig has called them off the road: "We're going home." At the airport, Ryan stares out the large plate glass window, gazing at an airplane that has a large white area on the side, just waiting for a name to be painted on it. He looks at his sister's wedding invitation, and realizes that the date is this weekend and he has never returned the RSVP card. As they walk through the airport, Natalie tries to apologize for what she said about Alex, and Ryan ungraciously accepts her apology. Suddenly, he turns and tells Natalie that he will meet her in Omaha, but he's got to catch another flight. Las Vegas: Ryan meets Alex and gets the requested photo of the cutout in front of the Luxor pyramid. Ryan invites Alex to his sister's wedding in Wisconsin. Surprised, Alex demurs, but finally agrees, and they fly into Milwaukee. Northern Wisconsin: At the Chalet, a pseudo-Tyrolean motel, Ryan and Alex wait in the check-in line. Seeing a clerk behind the desk, Ryan asks her if she is free, but she condescendingly tells him, "This line is only for members of our Matterhorn program!" As he enters his room with Alex, his sister Kara comes out of her room, and he introduces Alex to Kara. Kara is surprised: "Ryan has told me . . . nothing about you." She tells him that she is staying at the hotel because she and her husband are having a trial separation, and reminds him of the rehearsal dinner that evening. At dinner, Julie is pleased to see Ryan and meet Alex. She proudly shows off a small, diamond chip ring that her fianc Jim designed, and introduces Jim ( Danny McBride ), who is friendly in an awkward sort of way. Ryan offers her the photos that he has taken, and she asks him to pin them to a map that contains dozens and dozens of photos. Ryan has a hard time fitting his in. They explain that all of Jim's money is tied up in a real estate investment and made a honeymoon unfeasible financially, so the photos would be the next best thing. After the dinner, Ryan offers to walk Julie down the aisle the next day since their dad isn't around, but embarrassed, she gently refuses, telling him that Jim's uncle will be escorting her. Ryan is somewhat hurt, but puts a good face on it and tells her that he just wanted to make sure she was covered. Julie is distressed that she might have hurt his feelings but when he asks when he should be at the church, she tells him, "Well, guests are supposed to be there at 5:00 so, 5:00 would be good," again relegating him to the status of a mere guest. The next day, Alex and Ryan break into the local school so that Ryan can show her around. He points out his state basketball championship photo in the trophy case. Alex is surprised, and they end up kissing on the make-out stairs behind the gym. They sit down to watch a practice, but his cell phone rings: It's Kara, who tells him that hes needed at the church. Alex drops him off at the church and returns to the hotel to grab his suit. Julie is distraught because Jim has gotten cold feet. Kara wants him to talk to Jim, but Ryan points out that he might not be the best one, because his job is to tell people how to avoid commitment. "What kind of fucked up message is that?" exclaims Kara. "It could have helped you," he retorts, referring to her separation, but reluctantly agrees to talk to Jim. He finds him in a Sunday school classroom reading The Velveteen Rabbit. Jim tells him that he began to think about what his life was going to be like: house, children, jobs, losing his hair, and then dying, and wonders what the point is. Ryan observes that a good marriage is something that people aspire to, but Jim points out that Ryan was never married, and that he seems happier than anyone else he knows. Ryan agrees that there's no point to it all, but points out that the most important moments of his life had other people involved, and observes that life is better with company, with a co-pilot. Jim accepts this, and then asks "What's it like out there?" Ryan admits that Julie is upset. Jim comes out and apologizes to Julie, asking her "Will you be my co-pilot?" Julie tearfully agrees, and the wedding proceeds. Alex and Ryan hold hands during the vows, and dance intimately at the reception. At the airport, Alex asks when she will see Ryan again and Ryan tells her that she's going to have to come visit him, since he's been essentially grounded. She moves to her gate and tells him to "call me when you get lonely." As she walks away, he calls out, "I'm lonely." She laughs, and keeps walking. In Omaha, back at his apartment, he puts his things away, and looks around, dissatisfied. He opens the refrigerator to reveal an impressive collection of airline miniature booze bottles in the refrigerator door. At the office the next morning, Natalie proudly shows him around the call center that is being beta tested, and comments that the workers are called "termination engineers. I wanted to call them Terminators, but was that bumped by Legal." "I can't imagine why," Ryan responds drily. Ryan sits at a desk and distastefully tries on a headset. He checks the internet for the schedule for GoalQuest XX, and sees when he is scheduled to speak. Las Vegas: Ryan prepares for his speech, and as he is introduced to a crowd of several hundred, he takes the podium with his backpack. He begins the spiel that we have heard before but then stops and gazes out over the audience. He looks down at the podium, shakes his head ruefully, excuses himself, and walks out, to the consternation of the event organizers. He dashes through the airport and catches a flight to Chicago, where he arrives in the evening. Chicago: In a hurry, Ryan steps out of his routine and drives away without giving the car clerk his rewards card. He pulls up in front of Alex's townhouse and rings the doorbell. Alex comes to the door. She is shocked as he says, smiling, "So, I was in the neighborhood . . ." Suddenly, he hears children arguing and we see them running in the hall behind Alex. Ryan begins to back away, and with a stricken look on Alex's face, we hear a male voice ask, "Who's at the door, honey?" She closes the door gently as she responds, "Just someone asking directions." At the hotel, Ryan sits on a bed in a darkened room with a drink, staring out into the evening. On the train to the airport the next morning, he receives a call from Alex, who demands, "What were you thinking, showing up at my door like that?" He protests that he didn't know she was married, and she declares that he could have seriously messed up her "real life," and that she thought he understood. He said that he thought he was part of her real life, and asks her to help him understand. She tells him that he is an escape, an escape from their normal lives, a "parenthesis." "A parenthesis?" he repeats, dully. Alex is unapologetic. "Well, what did you want? If you want to see me again, give me a call." He hangs up on her gently. In the air: Returning to Omaha, Ryan is gazing out the window when the flight attendant comes on the intercom to excitedly announce that they are flying over Dubuque, which means that a startled Ryan has hit the 10 million miles mark. Champagne is brought for all the first class passengers, and Chief Pilot Maynard Finch ( Sam Elliott ) greets Ryan. He sits in the seat next to Ryan and congratulates him, telling him that he's the youngest yet to get to 10 million. He pulls out the special silver card, engraved Ryan Bingham, #7, and presents it to Ryan, telling him that they really appreciate Ryan's loyalty. Ryan is speechless, and tells the Captain that he forgot what he always wanted to say at that moment. The Captain asks him where he's from, and Ryan, looking down, says softly, "I'm from here." Omaha: In his office, Ryan looks at his card, and, making a decision, dials the number on the card. He is greeted with a cheery "Good morning, Mr. Bingham!" Surprised, he asks how they knew it was him, and is told that it's his dedicated line. He begins to make arrangements to transfer miles to Julie and Jim for an around-the-world trip, which costs half-a-million miles each. Craig comes into his office and asks him if he remembers a Karen Barnes whom Natalie fired. Ryan says that they have fired dozens of people, and he doesn't remember. Craig tells him that Karen jumped off a bridge and killed herself, and he needs to know if she gave any indication of her intentions, which could get them into trouble legally. Ryan says he doesn't remember anything, and asks if Natalie is all right. Craig tells him that Natalie quit by sending him a text message. "Fucking nice, right? Nobody has any manners anymore," he grouses, and goes on to tell Ryan that he is returning the workforce to the field. San Francisco: Natalie is interviewing for the job she was offered when she first graduated from Cornell. The interviewer asks her why she went to Omaha, and she reluctantly admits that "I followed a boy." After a few searching questions, the interviewer shows Natalie a letter of recommendation that he has received from Ryan. The letter is glowing, and the interviewer offers her the job. A montage of interview clips follows. Employees whom we have seen being fired throughout the movie are in some sort of interview/counseling session. Each in their own way, they explain that while losing their job was difficult, it was made easier by the support of their friends and families. Ryan enters an airport, suitcase in tow, and comes to stand in front of a large Departures and Arrivals board, gazing at the flight details. He releases the suitcase and stands in front of the board with no baggage. We hear Ryan's voice-over: "Tonight, most people will be welcomed home by jumping dogs and squealing kids. Their spouses will ask about their day, and tonight they'll sleep. The stars will wheel forth from their daytime hiding places and one of those lights, slightly brighter than rest, will be my wingtip passing over." The credits roll over a view of early evening blue clouds as seen below from an airplane, with a faint sunset in the far distance. 
 The Ides of March (2011)541) An idealistic staffer for a new presidential candidate gets a crash course on dirty politics during his stint on the campaign trail. Stephen Meyers is a young idealist who's brilliant at communications, is second in command of Governor Mike Morris's presidential campaign, and is a true believer. In the middle of the Ohio primary, the campaign manager of Morris's opponent asks Meyers to meet; he offers him a job. At the same time, Morris's negotiations for the endorsement of the man in third place, a North Carolina Senator, hit a snag. A young campaign intern, Molly Stearns, gets Stephen's romantic attention. Republicans have a trick up their sleeve; Stephen may be too trusting, and Molly has a secret. What's most important, career, victory, or virtue? <jhailey@hotmail.com> The Democratic Party presidential primary process is currently in Ohio, where two candidates are realistically still in the running as the ultimate party nominee for president: Pennsylvanian Governor, Mike Morris, and Arkansas senator, Ted Pullman. Based on what is happening on the Republican side, the Democrats are likely to win the White House, and whoever wins the Ohio primary will likely be the Democratic candidate. Under campaign manager Paul Zara, thirty year old Stephen Meyers is the idealistic press secretary for the Morris campaign. Although Stephen is a political veteran, he has never felt more passionately about a candidate than Morris, who outwardly aspires to a campaign that deals with his policies reflecting his ideals as opposed to back room politics. Stephen takes a calculated risk, one that does not pay off as his actions are leaked to reporter Ida Horowicz, who had been friendly to the campaign up to this point. Ida gives Stephen the opportunity to confirm or deny the accusations before she goes to print, the story which would ruin his standing within the campaign. Stephen also begins a casual sexual relationship with twenty year old intern Molly Stearns, who is well connected herself within the party as the daughter of Jack Stearns, the Chair of the Democratic National Committee. Through Molly, Stephen inadvertently comes into knowledge of some scandalous information about Morris. Stephen has to decide how all these revelations affect his own idealistic attitudes of working under Morris and Zara, and if Morris winning the White House is still the most important goal, especially at the risk of his own professional future within the party and possibly within government. Huggo Idealistic campaign worker Stephen Meyers has sworn to give all for Governor Mike Morris, a wild card presidential candidate whose ground-breaking ideas could change the political landscape. However, a brutal Ohio primary threatens to test Morris' integrity, while Meyers finds himself caught up in a scandal involving a young intern. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Stephen Myers (Ryan Gosling) strolls up to a podium in an auditorium and begins to speak on his religious preferences. He then begins to whistle and whisper into the microphone. An audio technician comes up, and they adjust the volume. Stephen isn't a candidate but one of the main staffers for a candidate. He tells the guys on the stage to fix the audio and add padding to Gov. Mike Morris (George Clooney) side, so his height will match his opponent. It's election time, and Governor Mike Morris, a popular, idealistic candidate is going up against Senator Pullman in a Democratic primary. They have been campaigning hard, with Morris having a slight lead over Pullman. But Ohio is a crucial state. It is clear whoever wins Ohio, will win the nomination and will go on to run for President. Morris and Pullman have their debate in which Pullman questions Morris' views on religion. Morris deflects them easily saying he was a former catholic and does not know what happens after death. All he knows is he is not an atheist, Jewish, Muslim, or any other religion association. His religion is the constitution, and he will fight to protect it. The debate over, the two shake hands. Stephen and Paul Zara (Phillip Seymour Hoffman), the senior campaign manager to Morris bump into Tom Duffy (Paul Giamatti). Duffy is the head campaign manager for Pullman. Duffy and Stephen banter about how well Morris did in the debate. "Be careful." Duffy says to Paul, "I might want to steal him from you." Duffy leaves and Paul calls him an asshole. Paul and Stephen have dinner with Ida (Marisa Tomei) a reporter they are both friendly with. Ida asks for a quote about Ohio and Paul says he will only say he is confident they will win. Nothing is guaranteed, and he will not go on record saying they will win if it blows up in their face. Paul asks Stephen about the race. "It's ours for the taking." Stephen says. Paul excuses himself, so Ida turns her attentions to Stephen. Stephen notes he has been on more campaigns than most people have when they're 40, and he has never seen a guy like Morris. Ida scoffs at his optimism. "It won't matter." Ida says. If Morris wins, Stephen gets a job at the White House. If he loses, Stephen will get a high paying consulting job somewhere on K Street. Ida doesn't buy into his idealism, thinking all politicians are the same. At Morris HQ the next day, Stephen crosses paths with Molly (Evan Rachel Wood), an intern he had worked with before. Molly mentions the dive bar most of the interns go to and invites Stephen to have a drink with her the next night. Stephen agrees. Paul has a meeting with Senator Thompson (Jeffery Wright) at his home. They need his endorsement so that his delegates will vote his way. Paul tells him that much. Thompson doesn't respond. It's clear he wants something. Stephen and Morris have a meeting with the staffers. Stephen tells Morris he should go all the way on one of his policies; mandatory service via army, peace corp etc. in return for college tuition being paid. Stephen says it is win win; most will like it, and the ones who won't are too young to vote. Stephen gets a call from his father and excuses himself. But it is not his dad. It is Duffy asking if he has five minutes. Stephen says they cannot talk but Duffy presses for a meeting, saying they will meet in a small bar where no one will see them. Stephen calls Paul and leaves a message and tells him that it's important. At the bar, Duffy cuts to the chase; he thinks Stephen is working for the wrong man. Duffy wants to recruit Stephen to Pullman's camp. They already promised Senator Thompson a cabinet position, so the race is basically over. He can be with the winners, or he can stay and lose. Stephen refuses outright, saying he doesn't have to play dirty politics anymore. "I got Morris!" Stephen says. Stephen goes to leave, and Duffy asks him. "Do you want to work for your friend or the President?" Duffy states cold, hard facts; Republicans are better at the game. They are more ruthless and cunning, and Democrats refuse to "get in the mud with the fucking elephants." Stephen is called by Paul asking what was wrong. Stephen lies and says it was nothing. Molly and Stephen go for a drink that night. Molly reveals her father is Jack Stearne (Gregory Itzin), the DNC chairman and that he is an asshole. Molly asks how old Stephen is, and she correctly guesses 30. Molly reveals that she is 20. Molly asks if it's too much of an age gap for a 20 year old to want to fuck a 30 year old. Stephen asks when she has to work tomorrow. Molly says nine. Molly happens to have the keys to the campaign bus, so they use it and drive back to Stephen's hotel, parking on the curb. The morning after. Stephen and Molly had slept together the night before and are getting dressed for work. Molly's dad comes on the television, and Stephen watches and realizes the irony of watching the dad of the girl he just had sex with. Stephen asks she stay quiet about their dalliance and Molly promises to. Molly confesses she wanted to sleep with him for awhile and thinks she's a bit "slutty" for being so aggressive. Stephen says she wasn't and he respects her for being so forward. They kiss, and go their separate ways. Stephen, Morris, and several staffers including Ben Harpen (Max Minghella) are on a plane going to another speech. The plane shakes a little bit, and Stephen gets queasy. Morris asks if he is all right. "We're going to be fine. We have to do it, it's the right thing to do, and nothing bad happens when you're doing the right thing." Stephen says. "Is that your personal theory?" Morris asks. "Because I can shoot holes in it." "Well there is exceptions to every rule." Stephen says. Morris asks if they are doing OK in the polls. Stephen says they are doing great. Morris tells him not to talk like Paul; Paul is paid to kiss his ass. Stephen is here to tell it to him straight. Stephen reiterates that it will be close, but they will be fine. Stephen makes his whole philosophy clear by saying, "I'll do or say anything if I believe in it. But I have to believe in the cause." Morris does another speech to a younger crowd, who are also key voters. In the back, Stephen confesses to Paul that he met with Tom Duffy. He offered him a job and explained that Sen. Thompson is being promised a cabinet position. Paul is enraged that Stephen lied to him. Stephen says he thought it didn't matter. "It doesn't matter what you thought! It matters what you did. It matters what you DIDN"T do!" Paul screams. Paul tells Stephen to find an empty room. They are going to talk to Morris after the speech. Morris finds out about Senator Thompson wanting to be Secretary of State in exchange for his endorsement. Morris refuses to budge saying they need win Ohio another way. Morris' team hits the pavement trying to rally support and do damage control in light of recent developments. Morris and his wife Cindy talk in the car. Cindy tells him to give Thompson what he wants so they can win. Stephen and the staffers are on the bus when he gets a IM from Molly asking if he wants to meet up again. They have sex again, but Stephen gets distracted by Morris on TV. They both laugh over the mood being broken. Later, Molly is sleeping when her phone goes off. Stephen answers it, but they hang up. Stephen wakes her up and asks who would call her this late. Stephen says he'll call back but Molly pleads for him not to. We find out why. It is Morris' cell phone. Stunned, Stephen asked why she is calling the governor. Molly cracks and tells him Morris and her had an affair one time. Stephen asks why she is calling him again. "Because I need 900 dollars." Molly says (she's pregnant). Molly says she can't go to her father because they are Catholic. Stephen is blown away; his squeaky clean candidate is more dirty than he thought. The next day, Stephen tells Ben to take out the maximum petty cash they can withdraw (500). He meets with Molly, telling her to meet him later. Stephen meets with Ida who drops a bombshell; she knows about his meeting with Tom Duffy. Stephen tries to deny it, but Ida reveals unless he gives her information on Thompson, she leak his story. Stephen says he thought they were friends. Ida scoffs, saying they are only friends because he gives scoops and she writes them in a favorable light. Stephen calls Duffy who denies leaking the story. Stephen sees some men taking pictures and gets paranoid. He hangs up. Stephen meets Molly with $1,800. She needs to get an abortion and then go home. She can no longer work on the campaign. Stephen said she made a big mistake and has to pay for it. He will take her to the clinic and take her to the hotel afterwards. Stephen takes Molly to the clinic, promising to pick her up afterward. Stephen meets with Paul, talking about how they need to spin the Duffy/Stephen meeting. Ben is in the room, as well. Paul reveals he leaked the story. It will give them justification to fire him from the campaign. Stephen is shocked, but Paul goes on a monologue about loyalty. When Paul first started, he was working with a no name politician. The opposing side tried to poach him, but Paul was honest and told his candidate. His boss said he will not stop him from leaving, but Paul stayed loyal to him. They lost, but three years later, the guy ran for governor, using Paul as his manager and they won. "There is only one thing in this world I value which is loyalty. Without it, you're nothing." Paul says. Paul tells Stephen he is fired, and Morris agrees with it. It is not because he isn't good, or he doesn't like him. It's because they can't trust him. Molly is never picked up by Stephen. She eventually has to take a cab back to the hotel. Ben is in her room saying he just got promoted to Stephen's job and Stephen was fired threatening to bring everyone down. Molly is scared, thinking she is about to be used as a pawn in Stephen's game. Stephen meets with Tom Duffy saying he wants in. Duffy says he knows he just got fired, and it will look bad if they take him on. "What if I have something? Something big." Stephen asks. Duffy still won't agree. Realization washes over Stephen. "You never intended on hiring me." he says. Duffy talks around the issue but eventually admits it more or less. If he played off Paul's ethics of loyalty so he would fire Stephen, they could poach him. If they didn't want him, Paul and Morris still wouldn't have him. Duffy would still cause a large blow to Morris' campaign. Stephen is enraged, but Duffy tells him to leave politics because soon he will become jaded and cynical like the rest of them, and it will crush his idealistic soul. Stephen goes back to the hotel and sees a man rush out of Molly's room. He goes inside and sees her body on the floor. She killed herself. Stephen eyes her phone and steals it. He listens to her voicemail, pleading for him not to do anything rash (like leak her affair with Morris). Tears brim in his eyes. Steven meets with Thompson, who seems to not know he was fired. Thompson reveals that he wants the cabinet position, and if he does not have confirmation from Morris by the next day, he will endorse Pullman. Stephen listens, stoically. Morris holds a press conference about Molly's death, claiming not to know her too well. He gets a call from Molly's cell. Morris sees Stephen. The message is clear. Stephen wants to meet. Stephen meets Morris in an empty restaurant. Stephen tells Morris to listen. He is going to fire Paul. Stephen will take over as the head manager. Morris WILL endorse Thompson and get his delegates support. They will win the primary and thus the nomination. Morris asks what he thinks he has. Stephen tells him that you can do a lot in this country; you can start wars, ruin the budget, take bribes. "But you can't fuck the interns." Stephen grimly states. Morris is defiant, telling him that everything is circumstantial. Stephen tells him that she was pregnant, and he took her to the clinic. Morris goes on the defensive. The girl is dead. Since she had an abortion, there is no DNA evidence. It will just be Stephen's word versus his. And he is just a disgruntled ex-staff member. Stephen says there was a note he took. Morris freezes momentarily. However, he quickly deduces there is no note and tells Stephen so. "It's your call." Stephen says. Paul is getting a haircut and walks out a barbershop the next day. Morris is nearby in his SUV asking to talk for a minute. We don't see or hear the conversation, but Paul gets out stunned. He has been fired. Paul later gets on TV, claiming new positive numbers made him, and Morris mutually decide to hand it over to someone different (Stephen). Stephen attends Molly's funeral while her father cries at the pulpit saying his daughter was a good person that enriched everyone she knew. Stephen talks to Paul, who reveals he knew Molly since she was born. Morris doesn't attend the funeral, claiming to be working with Thompson, but Stephen knows the real reason why. Paul notes he got a consulting job on K Street for a million a year, a cushy job "where people won't fuck you over." Paul says that he and Stephen should have a beer one day, and Stephen can tell him what he had on Morris to make him fire Paul. Thompson endorses Morris and asks for his delegates support in voting for Morris. Stephen watches from the crowd, apathetically watching as Thompson and Morris speak in platitudes when he knows their real character and motivations. Ben is working in an office when a new intern, a brunette dead ringer for Molly introduces herself as Jill Morris (no relation). Stephen is walking to an interview when he is stopped by Ida, asking if he wants to comment on a story she is doing. Ida claims that Stephen handed the Thompson endorsement to Morris and that he got Paul fired. Stephen dodges her questions. Ida pleads with him, saying, they are friends, right? Stephen looks at her and says, "You're my best friend." Stephen sits in a chair to do a TV interview. As they put an earpiece in and check the audio, Stephen sits in the chair in silence and meditates on the past couple weeks. Duffy's grim prediction has rung true; he is no longer hopeful about the future of politics. He is just another cog in the machine. Nothing ever changes. The only thing that has, is him. His idealism has been irrevocably shattered. He was willing to use Molly, a scared, young girl to get back at Morris and Paul. His actions indirectly caused her suicide. Stephen listens as Morris gives his speech mentioning that integrity and dignity matters. Stephen now knows Morris has neither. Morris for all his talk is just like the rest of the politicians. He made serious mistakes, and when pushed came to shove he failed the test of character. Rather than own up to them, he swept his scandal under the rug and fired his loyal friend in order to cover up his transgressions. The news broadcaster comes into the earpiece, saying they are speaking to new head manager of the Morris campaign, Stephen Myers. The newscaster asks him how recent upheavals including Thompson's endorsement came to be. Stephen stares at the camera with a blank, chilling expression. 
 Michael Clayton (2007)761) A law firm brings in its "fixer" to remedy the situation after a lawyer has a breakdown while representing a chemical company that he knows is guilty in a multibillion-dollar class action suit. Michael Clayton, a high-priced law firm's fixer, leaves a late night poker game, gets a call to drive to Westchester, and watches his car blow up as he's taking an impromptu dawn walk through a field. Flash back four days. He owes a loan shark to cover his brother's debts (Michael's own gambling habits have left him virtually broke). His law firm is negotiating a high-stakes merger, and his firm's six year defense of a conglomerate's pesticide use is at risk when one of the firm's top litigators goes off his meds and puts the case in jeopardy. While Michael is trying to fix things someone decides to kill him. Who? Meanwhile his son summarizes the plot of a dark fantasy novel. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Michael Clayton is Mr. Fix-It for his law firm, Kenner, Back and Ledeen. A former District Attorney, Clayton uses his contacts in the police and the criminal justice system to bail out the firm's wealthy corporate clients. When one of the firm's senior partners, Arthur Edens, has a nervous breakdown while taking a deposition in a lawsuit against a major agrochemicals company, Clayton is dispatched to bring him home. What Clayton soon learns is Edens not only has doubts about defending the lawsuit but that the company may be acting on its own to ensure a positive outcome. garykmcd In New York, the divorced attorney Michael Clayton has been working for many years fixing messy situations for the law firm Kenner, Back and Ledeen. He has never been invited to become a partner due to his conflictive personality of poker gambler and alcoholic that left him completely broken. Michael's addicted brother owes a high amount to a dangerous loan shark and Michael is trying to find a means to cover the debts. When the brilliant attorney Arthur Edens who has been ahead of the U-North case, a complicated three billion dollars lawsuit, for six years has a nervous breakdown and is arrested naked in a parking area in Milwaukee, Michael tries to help his friend, and is involved in an evil scheme plotted by Karen Crowder, the legal counsel of U-North. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Forty-five year old divorced father Michael Clayton, formerly a respected litigator, has long been the "fixer" for New York law firm Kenner, Bach, and Ledeen. Likening his work to that of a janitor, he cleans up the messes of the firm's clients as well as that of the firm itself. He knows that he cannot do this job forever, especially as he is getting burnt out and as the firm is going through a merger, he not having an official job title describing what he does to the other firm. As a fall-back, he had gone through the process to open a bar with his brother Timmy, but is now $80,000 in debt to a loan shark as Timmy, a drug addict who has since gone into hiding, used their money to fuel his drug habit. Despite being the best at his job, Michael seems unable to fix his own personal problem. The latest issue he faces at work concerns Arthur Edens, the senior and best litigator in the firm. A manic-depressive whose condition is largely managed by medication, Arthur has been working solely on a case for U-North, an agro-conglomerate, for the past six years. It is a $3 billion class action lawsuit against U-North. Arthur largely works with Karen Crowder, U-North's general counsel, she a woman who highly controls what others see of her. The issue is that Arthur, off his meds and in a manic state, starts to strip naked while in a deposition meeting in Milwaukee. Beyond needing to fix the problem that Arthur has created, Michael has to figure out if his rantings were that of a madman, or if there was some other end to which Arthur is working. In his dealings with Arthur, with the highers up at the firm, and indirectly with U-North and Karen, Michael may come to some understandings about what is fully going-on, but not without some further risk to his own livelihood as well as his life. Huggo Michael Clayton is an in-house fixer at one of the largest corporate law firms in New York. A former criminal prosecutor, Clayton takes care of Kenner, Bach, & Ledeen's dirtiest work at the behest of the firm's co-founder, Marty Bach. Though burned out and hardly content with his job as a fixer, his divorce, a failed business venture, and mounting debt have left Clayton inextricably tied to the firm. At U/North, meanwhile, the career of litigator Karen Crowder rests on the multi-million dollar settlement of a class-action suit that Clayton's firm is leading to a seemingly successful conclusion. But when Kenner Bach's brilliant and guilt-ridden attorney Arthur Edens sabotages the U/North case, Clayton faces the biggest challenge of his career and his life. Warner Bros. Pictures Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with the rabid ranting and raving of Arthur Eden's (Tom Wilkinson). Most of this speech is rambling and babbling. He begins talking about how one day he was leaving work and he walked out into the street into traffic and suddenly he found he could not move, even though there was traffic incoming. Essentially he tells us he was frozen in a moment of utter consternation brought on by the shambles he has made of his life doing what it is that he does. His work as an attorney helping a corrupt company defend the indefensible has left him where must break the shackles with his old life and try something new. In an office a legal team of dozens of people are diligently taking phone calls, shedding documents, comparing notes, etc. A lawyer talking to a reporter on the phone and walks over to Marty Bach (Sydney Pollack) and hands him the phone. He tells Bach that it's a reporter from the Wall Street Journal inquiring about the "settlement". Bach looks infuriated but takes the phone. He simply tells the reporter that "U-North is not settling at this time" and that nothing has changed in the legal case. The reporter remains dubious, but Bach says he does not care and simply hangs up the phone. Bach then asks about where Crowder went to. We then see Karen Crowder (Tilda Swinton) in the bathroom having what looks like a panic attack. The film cuts to a card game where we see Michael Clayton (George Clooney) at the table with a handful of other men. One of the men recognizes Clayton. He tells Clayton he knows him from a game they played some years back. Clayton looks up and admits he recognizes him. The player says he won a whole bunch of money off Clayton. The player continues to brag about winning a whole bunch of cash off Clayton and it clearly annoys him. Clayton says "I see you've bought some hair since then", but the other gambler retorts, "Yeah, with your money." Clayton leaves. Clayton is sent by a legal friend of his to the house of a man who desperately needs legal counsel. Clayton learns that the man hit a pedestrian and may have killed him earlier that night. Clayton explains to the man and his wife that his options are limited. Even though it may have been an accident, there are all sorts of variables that could affect the criminality of the case. Clayton tells the man he needs to find a good trial lawyer, because he is going to need one. The man becomes irate and asks, "What the hell are you supposed to be?" He wants to know why Clayton can't be his lawyer and he tells Clayton that he was promised a "miracle worker". Clayton tells him that is not the case. He explains what he does by calling himself a "janitor". Clayton is an overall strategic legal adviser. He has a tremendous acumen for understanding how to plan and execute a legal defense from start to finish even though he actually does not lead any of it. He merely advises. Clayton finally realizes there is nothing more he can give the man and leaves. As Clayton is driving he notices his car's GPS system is behaving erratically. As Clayton drives an intriguing sight catches his eye. He sees three horses standing on a hilltop together by themselves. Clayton is so captivated by this event he stops the car. Clayton approaches the horses and is fascinated by their presence in the middle of nowhere. Clayton's car suddenly explodes behind him and the horses charge off. Clayton is stunned and petrified for a few moments as he looks at the flaming wreck. When he finally regains his wits he runs away. The film cuts to four days earlier ...... Clayton's son Henry (Austin Williams) is getting ready to go to school. Clayton is divorced from his wife and his son lives with her and his step-dad. Henry leaves the house and joins Clayton in his car. Clayton drives Henry to school. On the way Henry tells Clayton about all the fantasy novels he likes to read. He describes how the current one is about a bunch of characters that are in a universe where they each have a nemesis, but don't know who that person is so they can't trust anyone and just live for themselves. Clayton laughs and says, "That sounds familiar", obviously alluding to his own legal work. We next see Crowder, who is a head executive for U-North, is a tremendously large, corporate agricultural conglomerate that creates various types of substances to help better cultivate land for farming. As we observer her, the film cuts back and forth between her giving an interview on camera with her boss Don Jefferies (Ken Howard) and Crowder anxiously rehearsing the interview in her hotel room as she tries to prepare herself for it. The subject of Crowder's interview is about how she is taking Jefferies' old job as one of the head corporate managers. As she is giving the interview, an assistant walks in and interrupts them with what clearly appears to be a urgent matter. She tells them that Eden just stripped down in the middle of a deposition for their current legal battle. This is a dire matter, because Eden is handling the legal defense for this case involving a weed killer which is potentially toxic and lethal which stands to lose U-North billions of dollars. We then cut back to Clayton who is visiting an older man. The man is a "Bookmaker" who takes bets and handles local gambling operations. We learn of Clayton's severe gambling addiction. Clayton is in debt for a massive amount of money to the gamblers. He has sold off much of his possessions, but yet still is approximately $80,000 short of what he needs to settle his debt. The man tells Clayton that he had better pay up in a week or the consequences could be catastrophic. Clayton gets in contact with the head of his legal firm, Marty Bach. Bach informs Clayton of the situation with Arthur Eden who also works for the firm. Bach tells him of the disastrous ramifications of Eden's mental breakdown. Clayton says that Eden's episode is understandable given the amount of time and energy Eden has invested into this case. He basically says that for the last decade Eden has basically "lived" this case and his life is tumultuous and fractured because of it. This case is in many ways just as big of a deal for the legal firm as it is for U-North, because it coincides with a vital impending merger with a London-based firm. Clayton then agrees to head to Minnesota to meet with Eden who is currently being held in a police station. As Clayton arrives at the station we hear Crowder (who is at one of the U-North offices) discussing with some of her assistants Clayton's background. She learns from documents that Clayton used to be a major criminal prosecutor, but now has been seemingly relegated to a more menial task of handling "wills and trusts". Crowder seems baffled that Michael is the one being sent to handle the crisis with Eden. As she has been saying all this, we are watching Clayton arrive at the station and visiting Eden in a holding cell. He meets with Eden and learn more about Eden's crazed rambling from the start of the film. As Eden finishes his lengthy and deranged claims, Clayton becomes completely livid and says, "You stopped taking your pills again? Didn't you?", as he shows him the still clearly full bottle. Eden says he is no longer going to be a slave to his medication and that his eyes have been opened by a woman who is one of the plaintiffs in the lawsuit against U-North named Anna. He claims that Anna is a beautiful, kind, and graceful soul and that he refuses to assist in the defense of a product against her and all the other people involved in the law suit knowing that it has really is a killer and how much pain it has caused them. Clayton can clearly see how grievous the situation is. Eden is potentially infatuated with one of the people he is supposed to be defending U-North from and may have caused irreparable damage to the suit in the process. He tries to remind Eden of his responsibilities and what he means to the firm, but Eden only responds to this by proclaiming, "I am Shiva The God of Death!". Realizing that Eden is incorrigible at this point and is causing a scene at the precinct which could potentially make things even worse than they are, Clayton persuades Eden to leave with him and return to his hotel room. The next day Clayton meets with Crowder who is extremely upset over all that has transpired with Eden. Clayton reassures Crowder that all will be fine. He tells her that Eden does have a history of mental illness, but that it has been largely regulated in recent years. He tells her that his last episode was several years ago and that it was not a major issue and Eden was able to continue his war largely unhindered. Clayton reminds Crowder how hard U-North has been pushing him on this case and how he has been near singularly devoted to this case for a long time now. Crowder however, seems full of antipathy over Clayton's claims and says that U-North has been paying Clayton's legal firm a very lucrative sum for Eden's time. Clayton simply reassures her that he will straighten Eden out and everything will return to its previous status. Crowder however, seems completely dubious about this. We then see Crowder back at the U-North office watching a videotape of Eden's episode from the deposition. Everything is going routinely until Eden suddenly stands up and begins spouting a bunch of rhetoric in a obstreperous tone about how Anna was right and how wrong he was. He tells her he doesn't want to continue this charade any longer. As he is saying all this he is stripping off all his clothes. The tape finally ends and we are informed that Eden then followed Anna into the parking lot outside totally naked. Crowder is deeply mortified and aghast as she realizes how damaging this tape could be to further legal proceedings. Especially given how Eden seemingly admits to U-Norths guilt in the case. The scene shifts back again to Eden in the hotel room at night, who has managed to contact Clayton's son Henry. Henry tells him about another new book he is reading called "Realm & Conquest". He says in this book the characters are experiencing visions of things that would seem too fantastic to possibly be real, but they challenge conventional opinions and choose to believe that these illusions are real and that they must believe in them regardless of what others deem to be true, Naturally Eden hears this books plot and it compels him to do the same and keep believing what he has come view U-North as, a corrupt company attempt to insulate themselves from their crimes. In the morning Eden tells Michael that he should go see Anna and he too will feel stimulated to stop trying to help U-North in perpetuating their lies. Clayton tries to assuage Eden and tells him to just take a shower so they can get ready to return to the legal firm in New York. However, Clayton gets occupied for a second and leaves Eden alone, When he comes back the bathroom door is locked. Clayton can hear the shower running, but when he knocks on the door there is no response. Finally, Clayton kicks the door down to discover Eden has fled. He goes over to the window and sees that Eden has left. Back at U-North Crowder learns of the new situation. We see her sitting at a desk looking over a document with an agitated expression. We see the document she is reading. It is an old scientific report from one of U-North's research teams about the hazardous effects of exposure to the weed killer involved in the law suit. It clearly documents that prolonged exposure to the substance can lead to cancer. As we see Crowder reading this document, she is contacting someone on the phone. It becomes immediately evident from the surreptitious tone of the discussion that this is some sort of private cabal of operatives that U-north uses to deal with problems in all sorts of nefarious ways. Meanwhile, Clayton returns to New York to meet with Bach. Bach is absolutely incensed over what has transpired. He tells Clayton that this affair could mean the end of the firm. He says that if the case goes under that U-North could potentially sue the firm for their legal incompetence and ruin them. With the merger coming the situation is even more grave. Bach asks Clayton why he just didn't have Eden committed in Minnesota and says that would've helped quell the problems for the time being until things could be ameliorated. Clayton tells Bach that it is not that simple and that involuntary commitment to a mental facility is a very arduous procedure. Mary asks Clayton "Well don't we have anyone who knows a lot about these types of commitment cases?". Clayton says yes, but informs Bach that the person who is the expert unfortunately is Eden. Eden has also returned to New York and is now roaming freely. He is living a reclusive lifestyle in a private apartment. However, the men hired by U-North are already watching him. They are tracking his movements around the city, have bugged his phone and are surveilling his actions. All the while they are keeping Crowder abreast of important developments. During this time Michael pays a visit to Anna in an attempt to see if he can gain more information about the case. He arrives at a farm in Minnesota. After introducing himself to the family, he taken to meet the woman with whom Eden has become so enamored Anna (Merritt Wever). Clayton gains some more information about Eden and the case. She seems puzzled as to why Eden seems to have been selected to communicate with her when there are over four hundred other people suing U-North. Anna seems rather oblivious of how personally connected Eden is to her. Soon thereafter Eden again contacts Anna over the telephone. He hints to her that he has more information about her case and he will contact her again in the near future about the matter. Anna still seems perplexed and feels awkward about being contacted by the man formerly leading the U-North defense assisting her. Back in New York Bach notifies Clayton about Eden getting in contact with Anna again. It has now become clear that Eden wont abandon this matter and he sends Clayton to go to Eden's location and try to reason with him one last time. Clayton confronts Eden on the street. Eden seems startled, but greets Clayton. Clayton however, is in no mood for pleasantries and is still enraged over Eden's continuing erratic and irrational behavior. Clayton mentions about Eden going to visit Anna again and how idiotic this was. Eden immediately becomes suspicious of how Clayton could possibly have become privy to a private phone call he made to Anna. He inquires to Clayton about this and Clayton responds that Bach told him. He then accuses U-North and the legal firm of colluding together to tap his phone. Clayton tells Eden this is absolutely preposterous and says the most logical answer is that Anna contacted the police herself after Eden called her. Eden disputes this saying that Anna would never betray him like that, but Michael tells Eden this is lunacy. He says after the crazy antics Eden pulled at the deposition, stripping down before Anna and shouting all sorts of psychotic things, it would only be expected she would contact the police. Eden as previously seems totally innocuous to Clayton's continuing reproach and his attempts to reason with him.Finally Clayton makes threats about the state of Eden's sanity and how his recent behavior could lead to him being hospitalized, but Eden still clearly retains his knowledge of legal matters. He tells Clayton that this is New York and here he has no criminal record or history of threatening behavior both of which are critical for compulsory treatment. He says that now that he is out of Minnesota, that Clayton can no longer use prior incidents there to try and go after him in this state. Clayton finally concedes that he cannot win here and leaves. Later that night Eden is in his apartment. He makes a tape of one of U-Norths commercials. He then plays this tape as he makes a phone call, correctly knowing that the U-North agents are listening. He plays the commercial and then begins reading in a sardonic tone to them the scientific report from earlier in the film. As he reads it, he mocks the company and the consequences the report could have. The agents are shocked to learn that Eden has this document in his possession. The agents meet with Crowder. When she hears the tape she becomes very perturbed. She asks the agents what can be done. They make some suggestions about additional measures, but then Crowder subtly implies she wants them to go much further than just mere subterfuge. U-North agents enter Eden's apartment, drug him, and inject a drug under his toenail, killing him. They then arrange a suicide scene. Michael Clayton is notified about Eden's death at a police station. The police detective tells Clayton that it looks like a possible suicide or accidental overdose. Clayton is confounded and doesn't believe that Eden would kill himself, but the policemen reminds him about Eden s perverse behavior in recent weeks. Clayton asks if he can go to Eden's apartment, but the officer says this is impossible and the place has been sealed. Clayton meets with his fellow legal employees. There he tells Bach that Eden was onto something and Clayton feels it is linked to his death. Clayton tells Bach that he desperately needs a loan. Bach promises Clayton he will look into the loan and given what a valuable asset Clayton has been to the firm he should be able to convince them to help him out. Bach also notifies Clayton that Eden was scheduled to meet with Anna in New York. After contacting Anna's sister and learning of Anna's location Clayton arrives at a hotel where she is staying. Clayton inquires with Anna about the final conversation she and Eden had. Anna says Eden told her he has an item in his possession which could win the case for her. Clayton now becomes more convinced Eden's death was no mere suicide. Clayton goes to a family gathering at his sister's house. His brothers Timmy Clayton (David Lansbury) and Raymond Clayton (Kevin Hagan) are there. Timmy is a recovering substance abuser and the two have a rather uncomfortable confrontation over this, which Clayton's son Henry witnesses. Clayton also talks with his brother Ray (who is a policeman) about needing a possible favor regarding Eden's death. After the party, Clayton talks with Henry and says that his son doesn't have to worry about going astray in life like Timmy did and that he believes in him. Clayton then meets with his brother Ray who provides him with keys to Eden's apartment. Ray reminds Clayton that this is a serious issue and Clayton cannot get caught. Eden's apartment is still watched by the U-North operatives and they watch him enter. Clayton searches Eden's apartment and finds a copy of "Realm and Conquest", the book Clayton's son Henry was reading. When Clayton opens it, a slip of paper falls out. It is a receipt from a copy store which shows Eden ordered copies of a memorandum. Shortly afterward cops arrest Clayton. Raymond gets Clayton out of jail, but is angry because Clayton's illegal entry might be connected to Ray. Clayton tells Ray someone set him up at Eden's place and that they called the cops. Following this Clayton goes to the printing place with Eden's receipt. There he finds out that Eden has ordered 3000 copies of: the confidential U-North report. He tells the clerk to hold onto the documents for him and takes one with him. As he leaves, the U-North operatives arrive and learn about the copies. They then tell Crowder about the copies. She realizes she must do something immediately before Clayton finishes what Eden started. Clayton meets with Bach who gives him a check with the money needed to pay off his gambling debt. With the check, Clayton signs a 3-year contract that binds him to secrecy about past and future events. Clayton visits the man to pay what his gambling debt, and then plays cards in a underground card game for a few minutes. From this point the film recaps the opening moments of the film. Clayton leaving the card game, but this time we also see the U-North agents putting an explosive bomb into his car. Since Clayton leaves the game early they didn't finish hooking the bomb up, which apparently interfered with his GPS signal. The two U-North operatives following him experience difficulty tracking the device's signal. Clayton reverses direction and then takes a side road, and they agents lose him. They trigger the bomb, not knowing Clayton is not in the car. Clayton runs back to the flaming car and throws his wallet, watch and other personal belongings inside. A short time later Clayton's brother Timmy picks him up. The staff at Clayton's law firm is notified of Clayton's supposed death from a car bomb. In a hotel theatre, Crowder presents a case for settling the law suit to U-North executives. She says the timing for a settlement has improved due to recent events and that the cost will be offset by tax benefits. Jefferies asks her to leave while they discuss the proposed settlement. Crowder steps outside and is slack-jawed to see Michael Clayton standing before her, thinking he is dead. Clayton tells her that "Arthur is around here somewhere." He shows Crowder the report and tells her how foolish she was to try and eliminate him. He tells her it would've been far easier and more prudent to just buy him off and tells Crowder he wants "10". Clayton tells her to either pay up or he will go public with the report. Crowder asks him what he wants. She asks him if there "is a number?" She says, "10 million?" He offers 5 to "forget about Eden," which she says would be easier. And then he says the "other 5 is to forget about the other 468 people you knocked off with your weed killer." He forces her to repeat the terms of the bribe, and she tells him, "You have a deal." Jefferies emerges from the conference room and asks Crowder to rejoin the board meeting. She finally agrees to Clayton's terms for the payoff, he promptly responds, "You're so fucked.". Crowder, confused, asks, "You don't want the money?" Clayton says. "Wait, let me get a picture of this!" and takes a picture of her with his cell phone. He then begins to walk away. Jefferies asks who Clayton is, and Clayton responds, quoting Eden, "I am Shiva The God of Death!" Jefferies becomes irate and calls for security to seize Clayton. Crowder slumps to the floor in shock and dismay. A group of police officers walk past Clayton and instead move to arrest Crowder and Jefferies. Clayton asks his brother Ray, "Did you get all that?" Clayton thanks him for helping him out. Clayton walks outside and gets in a taxi. He gives the driver $50 and tells him to "just drive". As the taxi drives away the credits roll. 