nm0001741:

 X-Men (2000)761) In a world where mutants (evolved super-powered humans) exist and are discriminated against, two groups form for an inevitable clash: the supremacist Brotherhood, and the pacifist X-Men. In a world where both Mutants and Humans fear each other, Marie, better known as Rogue, runs away from home and hitches a ride with another mutant, known as Logan, a.k.a. Wolverine. Professor Charles Xavier, who owns a school for young mutants, sends Storm and Cyclops to bring them back before it is too late. Magneto, who believes a war is approaching, has an evil plan in mind, and needs young Rogue to help him. Film_Fan Born with extraordinary abilities in a world filled with fear, prejudice, and intolerance, the next link in the chain of human evolution, the powerful meta-humans, will soon have to choose sides. As the telepathic mutant, Professor Charles Xavier, struggles to achieve a peaceful coexistence between the two species, hoping that the gifted students of his institute will use their powers for good, his old friend and super-human antagonist, Magneto, prepares for war. Now, Professor X's newest students--the teenage mutant with the deadly touch, Rogue, and the body-regenerating, adamantium-infused Logan, aka Wolverine--find themselves caught in the middle of a violent confrontation; one that would either stop or usher in a new era in the history of homo superior. Can Xavier's X-Men put an end to Magneto's megalomaniac vision? Nick Riganas In the near future, when children are being born with a special X-factor in their genes, giving them special powers and making them mutants, the seeds of a new Holocaust are being sown by Senator Robert Kelly. The situation brings into opposition the fellow mutants and former friends, Erik Lehnsherr, a.k.a. Magneto, and Professor Charles Xavier. While Xavier wants a peaceful means of stopping the hatred toward mutants, Magneto seeks to even things out with a machine that would speed up the mutation process in all humans, making everyone equal. To stop Magneto, Xavier brings together a special group of mutants called "X-Men" to stop him. In the meantime, two mysterious mutants emerge: Logan, a powerful and aggressive mutant with no past, no memories, and a young girl named Rogue. Their quests for identities eventually land them in the sights of Xavier and Magneto, but for what purpose? Justin Clark <LostFallenAngel@aol.com> After the death of his family at the hands of the Nazis, Magnus, a mutant, vows revenge on all humanity. Meanwhile, a group of good mutants is assembled by Professor Charles Xavier, who trains and cares for them. Magnus, now under the guise of Magneto, assembles the villains Sabertooth and Mystique to destroy anyone who gets in his way, including a furry Canadian mutant named Logan (Wolverine). A fierce battle ensues between Sabertooth and Wolverine. Xavier's group, the X-Men, recruits Logan just in time to learn of Magneto's dastardly plan to destroy the world. Jacob Mathison <dkrogh3850@aol.com> Across the world, children are born with an extra twist to their chromosomes that allow them to exhibit superhuman abilities: fire a beam of force from their eyes, sprout wings that allow flight, or read people's minds. These "children of the atom" are often feared and despised by the world, forcing these mutants to resort to desperate actions. However, one group of mutants have banded together to show the world that it need not fear their kind. Apart, they are simply scientific curiosities, freaks, and monsters, but together, united by their shared belief, they are more. They are the uncanny X-Men. Joe Button <joe@iximd.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Evolution of some lifeform to another is a slow process which takes thousands of years, but every few hundred millennia, some abrupt change may happen giving rise to what is called mutants with special properties and powers. In a world where both humans and mutants are living, a group of mutants that seeks peace and friendship with humans, is led by Professor Charles Xavier who has ability to control others' thoughts and actions; and his students Dr Jean Grey who has telepathic and telekinetic abilities; Cyclops who has the ability to fire an optic blast from his eyes; and Storm who has ability to create storm and lightning. Another group of mutants comprise Sabretooth who features a sabre-tooth, Toad who features a frog like tongue, and Mystique who is a shape-shifter. They are led by Magneto who harbors deep hatred for human race due to his tragic past as a boy Eric in Nazi ruled Poland and now has the ability to create magnetic field. In US Congress, Senator Robert Kelly attempts to pass a "Mutant Registration Act", which would force mutants to publicly reveal their identities and abilities. Magneto begins his plans to fight against humans. Meanwhile, a mutant girl named Marie (a.k.a Rogue) discovers that the touch of her skin physically hurts that person by absorbing their energy/powers and runs away from her home in Mississippi. In Canada, she meets another mutant Wolverine (a.k.a. Logan) who has quick healing power and retractable metallic claws which he brings out from inside his body when threatened. After a fight, Logan drives away in his truck and gives Rogue a lift. Suddenly, both of them are attacked by Sabretooth. Cyclops & Storm arrive and save Logan & Rogue and bring them to Prof Xavier's mansion. Prof Xavier reveals to Logan that he runs the facility in the disguise of a school where they educate young mutants in the responsible use of their powers, who may either rejoin the human society or stay there as "X-Men". Below the surface, they aim to stop Magneto from starting a war with humanity. Rogue joins the school and likes a boy named Bobby Drake there. Senator Kelly, the face of anti-mutant public demonstrations, is abducted by Mystique & Toad and taken to Magneto. Magneto runs a machine that emits a radiation on Kelly and artificially induces mutation, though Kelly manages to escape imprisonment with his new abilities. After an accident causes Rogue to absorb Logan's powers, she is convinced by Mystique (disguised as Bobby) that others are now afraid of her and she should leave the school. Xavier has a machine called Cerebro to locate the mutants around and he uses that to locate the fleeing Rogue at a train station. Mystique infiltrates Cerebro and sabotages the machine. Logan grabs a bike to reach the train station and convinces Rogue to stay with Xavier. Cyclops and Storm too reach the station searching for her but a fight ensues when Magneto, Toad and Sabretooth arrive and they take Rogue. Kelly, now a new mutant, seeks help of Dr Grey at Xavier's school to cure him, but he dissolves into a puddle of water when his mutation becomes unstable. Magneto brings Rogue to Liberty Island and places his machine atop the Statue of Liberty. He intends to use his machine on the world leaders who are meeting for a UN summit on nearby Ellis Island and change them into mutants. The X-Men learn that the machine draws its energy from Magneto and thus weakened him in previous use, to the point of nearly killing him, so he has abducted Rogue who can be used to absorb his powers and then be used to start his machine. Xavier attempts to use Cerebro to locate Rogue but the compromised machine sends him into a coma. Jean fixes it and locates Rogue on Liberty Island. Logan, Jean, Cyclops and Storm take a jet to arrive at the top of the statue and a fight ensues with Mystique disguised as Logan. Toad is killed by Storm's lightning and Mystique is apparently killed by Logan, but then Magneto incapacitates the group with his magnetic powers. The X-men tell Magneto that Kelly is dead and his machine is a killer, not converter. However Magneto goes ahead with his plan arguing it to be fair. Magneto transfers his powers to Rogue who is forced to sit inside the machine and then start it. Logan breaks free and initiates a fight with Sabretooth. Cyclops, with Jean's help, blasts his optic rays on Sabretooth smashing him out of the statue. With Jean stabilizing him, Storm creates a storm to propel Logan to the top of Magneto's machine. With time running out, Logan attempts to stop the machine and save Rogue, but Magneto, now having regained some of his strength, halts Logan's claws. Cyclops manages to find a clean shot, wounding Magneto and allowing Logan to destroy the machine and the radiation stops short of reaching the people. Placing his hand to her face, Logan succeeds in transferring his regenerative abilities to a dying Rogue who recovers. Magneto is arrested. Professor Xavier recovers from his coma and the group finds that Mystique is still alive, now impersonating Senator Kelly. In an attempt to help Logan learn more about his past, Xavier sends him to a military base near Alkali Lake. Xavier visits Magneto in his prison, who warns that he will continue his war, to which Xavier promises that he (and the X-Men) will always be there to stop him. 
 X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014)761) The X-Men send Wolverine to the past in a desperate effort to change history and prevent an event that results in doom for both humans and mutants. In the future, the mutants and the humans who help them are slaughtered by powerful robots named Sentinels. Professor Xavier, Wolverine, Magneto, Storm, Kitty Pryde, and her friends meet at a monastery in China and Xavier explains that the invincible Sentinels were created using the DNA of Mystique that was captured in 1973 when she tried to assassinate their creator Dr. Bolivar Trask. Xavier tells that their only chance is return to 1973 using Pryde's ability to join Charles Xavier and Erik Lehnsherr to convince Mystique to give up her intention. However, only Wolverine can withstand the damages of the time travel. Will he succeed in stopping Mystique and the Sentinel Program, and save the mutants and their human friends from annihilation? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil This movie opens in a dark and desolate future that was set in motion in 1973, when brilliant scientist Dr. Bolivar Trask (Peter Dinklage) created a series of giant robots called Sentinels for the sole purpose of wiping out mutants, who he claimed were a direct threat to the human race. Although initially programmed solely to target mutants, the Sentinels soon began eradicating humans who possessed the DNA to breed mutants, and eventually, any mortal mutant sympathizers. Desperate, Professor Xavier (Sir Patrick Stewart) and Magneto (Sir Ian McKellen) devise a plan to have Kitty Pryde (Elliot Page) send Wolverine back to the year when Mystique (Jennifer Lawrence) assassinated Trask. It turns out that Mystique inadvertently accelerated the Sentinel program when she was subsequently captured by Sergeant William Stryker (Josh Helman), who succeeded at harvesting her DNA to make the robots more powerful than ever before. Upon arriving in the past, Wolverine quickly seeks out a much younger Charles Xavier (James McAvoy), as well as Beast (Nicholas Hoult) and Quicksilver (Evan Peters), and together they help break a young Magneto (Michael Fassbender) out of a heavily fortified prison cell hundreds of feet beneath the Pentagon. Meanwhile, with the help of Havok, Ink, Toad, and Spike, Mystique is already moving in for the kill. Although Wolverine, Beast, Charles, and Magneto manage to thwart the assassination, Charles and Magneto once again find themselves at odds after the latter attempts to alter the plan at the last moment, creating a mass panic during a post-Vietnam War peace summit in Paris. And Dr. Trask, still fuming from having had the Sentinel program rejected by Congress, takes his proposal directly to President Nixon (Mark Camacho), laying the groundwork for an even darker future than the one Wolverine was sent back to prevent. In a dystopian 2023, years after Logan's adventure in The Wolverine (2013) , Bolivar Trask's powerful mutant-hunting robots, the Sentinels, have brought both mutant-supporters and the meta-human race on the brink of extinction. To avert total annihilation, an aged Professor X, his long-standing friend/nemesis, Magneto, and the remaining survivors of the original team in X-Men (2000) join forces with their 1973 versions from X: First Class (2011) , as the body-regenerating Wolverine travels back in time, entrusted with fulfilling a life-or-death mission. Now, the shape-shifting Mystique is caught in the middle of a desperate situation. Can one man alone change the entire course of history? Nick Riganas The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species across two time periods in this movie. The characters from the original X-Men movie trilogy join forces with their younger selves from X-Men: First Class (2011) in an epic battle that must change the past, to save our future. Twentieth Century Fox In 2023, the entire human race is on the brink of extinction. Sentinels, originally created to kill mutants now hunt all of mankind. The remaining survivors cannot stand against the onslaught of the Sentinel army. In order to save the future, Wolverine is sent back to 1973 in order to stop the war before it even starts. Ed Kwong Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Patrick Stewart's Charles Xavier recounts how humans created sentinels to hunt and kill mutants. While they at first only hunted mutants, the sentinels later began targeting humans who held a probability of becoming mutants. The resulting events have created an apocalyptic wasteland in which only a handful of mutants have survived, facing extinction should they be found by the sentinels. Three strange objects are ejected from a large airship and crash to the ground. Warpath realizes that the sentinels have found them and leaves with Blink to warn the others, including Colossus, Sunspot, Bishop, Iceman, and Kitty Pryde. Bishop immediately requests that Sunspot give him some energy in the form of fire, which he absorbs and channels into his advanced rifle. Bishop takes off with Kitty Pryde as the others form a ring of defense against the invading sentinels. The sentinels drill into the mutant's base, their bodies having the ability to rearrange into different forms and tools. They break through and Sunspot engages the first, drenching it in flames. Colossus engages the second, getting knocked to the ground by the towering sentinel. Warpath tries to help but is knocked away. The third sentinel intercepts Bishop and Kitty. Bishop fires a large energy blast at the sentinel, barely affecting it. Blink appears via the use of her portals and makes an exit for the two fleeing mutants. She then opens up a portal for Iceman to assist against their foe. Iceman uses his ice slide to outmaneuver the pursuing sentinel, encasing it in a thick wall of ice. Kitty and Bishop arrive at a safe room, where Kitty has Bishop lie on a table. She puts her hands around his head as he loses consciousness. Meanwhile, the sentinels are getting the upper hand in the fight. When Colossus throws a punch that is caught by a sentinel, Colossus' metal skin begins to form over the sentinel as well. It becomes clear that the sentinels are able to absorb and replicate mutant powers. Both Colossus and Warpath are killed by the sentinel they are fighting. The sentinel fighting Sunspot begins to form a protective cocoon of ice around itself, using the powers of Iceman. It breaks through the gout of flames keeping it at bay and strangles Sunspot to death. Subsequently, the sentinel fighting Iceman encases itself in fire to melt itself free from the ice, using the powers of Sunspot. It breaks through the ice and grabs Iceman by the neck. Iceman's frozen head slides across the floor and the sentinel steps on it. The sentinels proceed to melt down the door to the room Kitty and Bishop are hiding in. But as they enter, Kitty says "Too late, assholes!" Just before the sentinels can kill the two, everyone in the scene disappears. The remaining future mutants, Wolverine/Logan, Storm, Professor X/Charles Xavier, and Magneto/Erik Lensherr, disembark from their jet to greet the group of mutants that we just saw die and subsequently disappear. It is revealed that Kitty Pryde's mutation has evolved to allow her to send someone's consciousness back through time. During the sentinel assault in the previous scene, Bishop's consciousness was sent back through time to his younger body. He warned the others of the impending sentinel assault so they could leave before the sentinels ever arrived. Bishop and Kitty disappeared from the opening sequence because that reality had been erased and the time line altered. Kitty explains to the four arrivals that they have done this many times before. Each time the sentinels attack, Warpath spots them, the mutants make a line of defense to buy some time, Kitty sends Bishop back through time with the warning of the attack, and the mutants of the past flee before the attack can ever take place. Professor Xavier then exclaims that he is aware and has come up with a plan to send his own consciousness back through time to the point when the sentinels were first unleashed. We learn that in 1973, Mystique assassinated Bolivar Trask, the creator of the sentinel program. This murder spurred the humans to further the sentinel program. Mystique is captured that same day and it is through the study of her DNA that the sentinels of the future are born. Her unique DNA allows the sentinels to adapt mutant powers for their own use. Professor Xavier plans to go back in time to stop the assassination of Bolivar Trask and in turn, prevent the anti-mutant tide that leads to the creation of the sentinels. Kitty says, however, that she can only send someone back a couple of weeks or a month into the past, not decades. She warns that the mind can only be stretched so far without breaking. Wolverine volunteers to go back, his healing ability allowing him to survive the procedure. He must go to the past and convince a broken Charles Xavier to take up arms and work with the man that he hates, Erik Lehnsherr. It is only together that they can find Mystique and prevent her from assassinating Trask. Kitty carries out the procedure, warning Logan that while his consciousness is in the past, his body will stay in the future. Only when his consciousness returns from the past will the timeline change. His mind staying in the past is contingent upon his body existing in the future and Kitty remaining at his side. Logan will have a limited amount of time before they are found by the sentinels of the future; he must complete his mission before then or all will be lost. Logan wakes up and finds himself in bed with a woman. He looks outside and realizes that the procedure has worked; it is 1973. Seconds later, three thugs burst through the door as Logan is getting dressed. Apparently, he was supposed to be guarding someone's daughter instead of sleeping with her. He asks if they would believe that he was from the future at which they scoff. He extends his bone claws and the henchmen pull out guns and begin shooting him. He heals from his wounds and proceeds to take out the men, stealing their car. The next scene introduces Bolivar Trask, who is trying to convince members of Congress to fund his sentinel program. He tells the panel that mutants are a threat to humanity. The committee does not share Trask's belief, saying that if mutants have been among humankind for some time now, they have existed peacefully alongside their fellow humans. They decide to not provide the funding. In a US military camp in Vietnam, a high-ranking army officer walks into a segregated tent to find a man named William Stryker preparing to take a group of mutants into custody. The army officer says that these men are going home. Stryker flashes around a document claiming to be part of a special outfit who is transferring the mutants to a Trask Industries facility, informing the army officer that he doesn't have jurisdiction. The officer counters that he does, transforming into the shape-shifter Mystique. She begins to take out all of the men in the tent in hand-to-hand combat with some assistance from the mutants. Before she can kill Stryker, one of the mutants intervenes and knocks Stryker unconscious. This mutant is Havok from the previous film in the series and he asks about the whereabouts of Magneto. Mystique responds that she's on her own now. The mutants board a plane home while Mystique walks away in disguise, claiming that there is still work to be done. Logan drives up to the dilapidated and overgrown Xavier mansion. Hank, also known as Beast, answers the door in his human form. Logan asks to see Charles but is rebuffed by Hank. He forces his way in, exclaims that he and Hank will be good friends in the future, and punches Hank right in the face. Blue fur appears on Hank as he transforms into the Beast. He begins to throw Logan around, giving him a good beating before being stopped by Charles. Despite being paralyzed by a bullet to his spine, he's walking around normally. Logan pleads his case to Charles only to be ridiculed by the drunken and disheveled young man. Logan asks Charles to read his mind, but Charles can't. Beast/Hank explains that he developed a serum to control his mutation and keep his beast form at bay. From this, he developed another serum to cure Xavier's paralysis. A side effect of taking the drug, however, left Charles unable to use his mutant ability to read and control minds. Logan is able to convince him nonetheless, after revealing secrets of Xavier's past that he had never told anybody. Charles refuses to help Logan and it is clear that he is a broken man, depressed and filled with the guilt of losing his friends, students, and most of all losing Raven/Mystique. Eventually, he agrees to assist Logan for the sake of Raven herself. One problem still exists: they need to enlist the help of Magneto, whom Charles absolutely loathes. Magneto is being kept underneath tons of concrete in a prison at the Pentagon, having already served 10 years in prison for the alleged killing of John F. Kennedy. We cut to Mystique disguising herself as Bolivar Trask to gain entrance to his personal office. She pores through documents and discovers that Trask has been experimenting on mutants and killing them. She pulls a file regarding an event at which Trask will be present with members of the Vietnamese government and asks Trask's secretary to type up his itinerary. To break Magneto out of prison, the group enlists the help of Pietro Maximoff/Quicksilver. He uses his ability of ultrafast movement to almost instantly do whatever he chooses. The group arrives at the Pentagon and Hank uses a piece of equipment to interfere with the surveillance cameras. Quicksilver steals a guard's uniform and makes his way to Magneto's prison, where he vibrates his hands at a resonant frequency to shatter the glass ceiling. The two make their way to a kitchen when they confront Logan and Charles. Charles immediately punches Erik, who comments that it was nice to see him. Just then guards burst through the door and draw their weapons. Erik asks Charles to use his powers to stop the men but Charles replies that he can't. The guards open fire and Erik gets ready to kill them, ignoring Charles' pleas not to. Before anything can happen, we experience a scene from the perspective of Quicksilver with time almost standing still. He uses his enhanced speed to comically knock out the guards and redirect the bullets in flight. Charles, Erik, Hank, and Logan are aboard a plane en route to Paris to stop Raven from assassinating Trask. Things get heated between Charles and Erik as Charles accuses Erik of taking the things that were most precious away from him. Erik in turn asks where Charles was when they came for Angel, Banshee, Azazel, and Emma Frost. He shouts that they were taken, experimented on and killed and that both he and Charles were supposed to protect them. (It is implied that Trask was responsible.) During this heated exchange, Erik almost causes the plane to crash before calming down. In a French nightclub, Mystique seduces a Vietnamese army official whom she plans to impersonate to get to Trask. Back on the plane, Erik says that he was not the one who killed JFK. He claims that he was trying to save him, his reasoning being that JFK was a fellow mutant. Erik apologizes to Charles about how things have played out during the last decade and the two begin to play chess. Trask enters a conference room full of officials of various governments and tries to convince them of the threat posed by mutants. Having been turned down by the US government, he is exploring other sources of funding for his sentinel program. During the presentation, he demonstrates how his robots are made without one ounce of metal and goes on to describe their ability to distinguish mutants from non mutants. He pulls out a hand-held detector that can sense the Mutant X gene in people; it begins to go off. Mystique's cover has been blown -- she has disguised herself as the Vietnamese officer she seduced -- and she begins to take out many of the men in the room. Enter Logan, Charles, and Erik, who stop Mystique just before she can shoot Trask. Charles tries to explain everything to Mystique and persuade her to drop the gun. She is defiant and Erik strips the gun from her. He then does the unthinkable and aims it at her. She is a threat to all mutants because her DNA can lead to the creation of the sentinels of the future. Erik believes that it is too risky for her to remain alive. Raven pleads with Charles to use his powers to stop Erik, unaware that he is powerless. Meanwhile, upon seeing Stryker, who is also at the meeting, Logan begins to lose himself emotionally in a flashback to the experiments performed on him during the Weapon X Program; he falls into a sort of coma as his connection between future and past is disrupted. His body in the future thrashes and extends its claws, injuring Kitty Pryde, who struggles to reconnect the link through time. Logan comes to in Paris, doesn't recognize anyone or know where he is, and is told by Charles that someone gave him some bad acid. He passes out again. Hank tackles Erik but fails to stop him from firing the gun. Mystique jumps out the window but Erik is able to guide the bullet to follow her; it hits her in the leg. Outside, crowds of people with cameras capture images of a wounded Mystique running away. They watch as Magneto levitates outside and drags Mystique to him, the bullet still stuck in her leg. He pulls the bullet from her body, ready to finish her off with it, when a transformed Beast attacks him. Onlookers watch in horror as Beast strangles Magneto under water. Mystique uses this time to escape the area and seek medical treatment. Magneto restrains Beast using some metal ornaments from the fountain and makes an escape as well. Logan regains consciousness -- memories intact this time -- and he and Charles rendezvous with Hank and leave for the mansion to plan their next move. The media is now in a panic because of the footage of mutants creating mayhem in public. In a tense, crowded Oval Office meeting, Richard Nixon gives Trask the green light to proceed with his sentinel program. Trask says that he can have eight sentinels operational soon. Nixon want to hold a press conference to unveil the sentinels and reassure the American public that he can protect them from the mutant threat. In a crowded Metro station, Mystique ambushes Magneto, pressing a small pointed piece of plastic to his throat. He claims that he no longer wants to kill her. He notes that their previous encounter left Mystique's blood on the pavement, which Trask has undoubtedly already obtained. They go their separate ways. Upon entering the mansion, Charles' legs give way and he falls to the ground and starts hearing people's thoughts. Hank rushes to get him his serum. Charles says that he doesn't take the serum to walk, he takes it to stop the voices he keeps hearing. He is tired of having to feel and hear all of the pain that mutants and humans are experiencing. Logan convinces Charles to not take the serum, exclaiming that he needs the professor to have his powers; it's the only way to find Raven before she can make another attempt to kill Trask. They proceed to use cerebro to try and locate Raven, but Charles is overwhelmed by all the noise he has been keeping out for the past 10 years. Logan pleads with Charles to try and read his mind. He does so and sees all of the pain and trauma that Logan has experienced through his lifetime. He sees glimpses of the future and has a telepathic conversation with his future self. His future self reassures Charles that there will always be pain but that it is his gift to use that pain to help others. He shows a younger Charles images of what he will accomplish and how he will use his power to bring hope to others in their most dire times. This is just what Charles needed to bring him focus. He tries locating Mystique again. Back at a Trask facility, a preliminary analysis of Mystique's blood holds promise for Trask, who demands that she be captured. They will need to harvest her brain tissue, spinal fluid, and bone marrow. Outside, the Mark I sentinels are loaded aboard a train for their trip to Washington DC; Magneto sneaks aboard the train while it speeds toward its destination. While in motion, Magneto rips the metal from the tracks as they pass over them. He manipulates the metal into small strands which he laces throughout the non-metallic bodies of the sentinels. At an airport, Charles uses random people as avatars to urge Mystique to stop her mission. Charles is not yet strong enough to mentally stop Mystique as she resists his mental probes. He fails to stop her and he, along with Hank and Logan, depart for Washington DC for the press conference. Magneto enters a secure facility holding two large ball bearings. He uses the bearings to incapacitate three guards and opens a vault. In the vault we see several artifacts: Havok's X-Men suit, one of Angel's wings, and Magneto's helmet. He is here for the helmet, which he takes. In the future, Kitty is losing a lot of blood. Standing guard outside, Warpath spots multiple sentinel ships heading their way. The mutants make their preparations for a final defense; Kitty, Iceman, Professor X, and Wolverine shelter inside while the others guard outside. Back in the past, Magneto levitates a sports stadium and moves it towards the press event on the White House lawn at which President Nixon will present Trask's sentinels. Hank, Logan, and Charles are there amongst the crowd trying to find Mystique. Nixon addresses the nation and drops the curtains, unveiling the sentinels to the public to much applause. Charles finally spots Mystique impersonating a secret serviceman and freezes her in place before she can pull her gun. Charles has a conversation with her telepathically, trying to persuade her that she was not always so quick to kill and that the Raven that he knew was incapable of doing so. All of a sudden the sentinels roar to life to the shock of Trask and the others. They fire at the police cars and it is apparent that Magneto is controlling them. Trask, Nixon, and other VIPs flee to an underground bunker. Simultaneously, the battle in the future is erupting as well. Storm uses lightning and wind to crash some of the sentinel transporters. Bishop shoots his rifle through portals created by Blink to take out a few sentinels. Magneto takes the X-Jet and modifies in into an explosive, using Storm to charge it with a bolt of lightning. It explodes sending shrapnel everywhere, decimating much of the sentinel force. Magneto is wounded in the resulting explosion by a piece of shrapnel in his abdomen. The mutants take a sigh of relief, believing the battle to be over. It is not, however, and a sentinel sneaks up behind Storm, stabbing her and throwing her off a cliff as more sentinels flood the mutant stronghold. In the past, Magneto arrives at the press event and drops the stadium around it. He has created a concrete barrier around the White House to prevent any escape. Charles is pinned by debris in the chaos. Magneto posts seven of the sentinels atop the stadium walls to guard the perimeter and leaves one to engage Wolverine and Beast, ordering the sentinel to do what it was designed to do. The sentinel identifies the two as mutants and attacks. Wolverine is unable to inflict any damage against the sentinel with his bone claws and merely distracts it long enough for Beast to jump on its back and rip out its circuitry. While this is going on we see that Nixon, Trask and company are locked securely in their bunker. Trask's mutant detector begins to go off. Before anything can happen, the room begins to shake; Magneto is ripping the safe room from its foundation. In the future, the mutants are dying one by one. Colossus is ripped in half by multiple sentinels. Bishop is bombarded by three of them with energy beams, overcharging him until he explodes. Warpath is killed after a sentinel grabs him, slowly moving the mutant's face into the path of its energy beam. One sentinel forms diamond skin like that of Emma Frost to overcome Sunspot's flames and cuts off one of his arms. He fights back but is flanked by another sentinel who stabs him with claws that resemble Lady Deathstrike's. Magneto, realizing the end is near, uses the last of his strength to apply metal reinforcements to the entrance of the building. Before the sentinels can kill him, Blink transports him inside. As the last line of defense outside, Blink puts up a valiant effort to hold the sentinels at bay but is stabbed by many of them. The sentinels then begin breaking through Magneto's barrier and Iceman leaves to reinforce it with ice. In the past, Wolverine charges at Magneto. In defense, Magneto hurls debris at Wolverine and stops his assault with a large block of concrete to the back. He then proceeds to force rebar all throughout Wolverine's body, lifting him in the air and throwing him hundred of meters into the Potomac River, where he apparently drowns. Beast is thrown from the back of the sentinel into a wrecked car. Magneto has now fully excavated the metal safe room and ripped off its door. He aims news cameras at himself and addresses the world. He explains that the sentinels were created out of fear for how dangerous mutants could be. He says that they should be scared and proclaims that a new order will be established with mutants in control, threatening to kill everyone in the safe room. Nixon emerges from the safe room, urging Magneto to kill him if he wants but to let the rest of the people go. "Nixon" is actually Mystique in disguise with a gun behind her back. The sentinel targeting Beast rips through the car and is ready to finish him off but Beast is able to inject himself with his serum in time to change back into normal. The sentinel thinks Hank isn't a mutant anymore and proceeds to find new targets, Magneto and Mystique are in its sights. The sentinel charges and Magneto begins tearing the robot limb from limb. Mystique uses this moment an takes a shot at Magneto with the metal-less gun. He is hit non-fatally in the neck causing him to lose focus. She is able to knock him out during his brief moment of weakness and remove his helmet. Charles uses his power to pacify Magneto and it is obvious he has lost. Attention turns to Mystique, who is aiming her gun at Trask, saying that he is a monster for the cruel things he has done to her friends. Xavier stops her and makes one final plea to Mystique, saying that he has hope that she will do the right thing. He points out that right now she is a hero in the public eye. He relinquishes control over her, saying that the future is in her hands now. In the future, the sentinels have breached the room and killed Iceman with energy beams. They confront the last of the survivors and fire killing shots at the group, which includes Xavier, Kitty, and the still unconscious Logan. Just before the shots can reach them, everyone on screen disappears. Mystique has dropped the gun in the past and decided not to kill Trask. Magneto remarks that if he is turned in, they will kill him. Xavier agrees and releases control of him, allowing Magneto to levitate and flee. Newspapers run headlines saying that a mutant saved the president, that the sentinel program was being shut down, and that Trask was being indicted for treason. Flash to the future where Logan is waking up at the mansion. He hears schoolchildren outside and realizes that the plan worked. He is surprised to see Storm, Iceman, Rogue, and Beast all alive. He encounters Jean Gray. He is awestruck that she is real and doesn't understand why she is alive. Scott Summers appears and is dumbfounded by Logan's happiness at seeing them all. Logan sees Xavier and tells him it worked. Xavier welcomes him back and begins to explain what has happened in the years from 1973 to the future that Logan has missed. In a voice-over, Xavier explains that events can cause ripples through the river of time and when enough ripples are created, the flow of the river can be changed. Back in the past we see that Logan's body was recovered by military personel. He comes back to life aboard the boat with an army official asking William Stryker what he would like to do with him. Stryker replies that he will take him. As the scene cuts away we see that it is actually Mystique disguised as Stryker. In a post-credits scene, a skinny bluish mutant, robed and hooded, stands atop a structure. Hundreds of people are bowing to him and chanting his name -- En Sabah Nur -- as he uses his powers to levitate ancient pyramids into place. We see four people on horseback covered in black as the scene fades to black: Apocalypse and his Four Horsemen. 
 The Usual Suspects (1995)761) A sole survivor tells of the twisty events leading up to a horrific gun battle on a boat, which began when five criminals met at a seemingly random police lineup. Following a truck hijack in New York, five criminals are arrested and brought together for questioning. As none of them are guilty, they plan a revenge operation against the police. The operation goes well, but then the influence of a legendary mastermind criminal called Keyser Sze is felt. It becomes clear that each one of them has wronged Sze at some point and must pay back now. The payback job leaves 27 men dead in a boat explosion, but the real question arises now: Who actually is Keyser Sze? Soumitra After a number of people are killed and a cargo ship set on fire, Roger 'Verbal' Kint is questioned by U.S. Customs Agent Dave Kujan. Reluctant at first, Verbal begins to tell them what happened starting with when he met four men, all criminals, sharing a holding cell for a few hours. Together, they join forces to successfully hijack a jewel shipment and head to Los Angeles to lay low. There they are contacted by a lawyer, Kobayashi, representing the much-feared international criminal Keyser Sze who wants them to do a job for him. The result is the attack on the cargo ship. Verbal refuses to give evidence in the case and is set free. Only then does Kujan realize what's really happened. garykmcd Police investigating an exploded boat on a San Pedro pier discover 27 bodies and $91 million worth of drug money. The only survivors are a severely burned and very scared Hungarian terrorist and Verbal Kint, a crippled con-man. Reluctantly, Kint is pressured into explaining exactly what happened on the boat. His story begins six weeks earlier with five criminals being dragged in by New York police desperate for suspects on a hijacked truck and ends with the possible identification of a criminal mastermind. John Weeks <J.T.Weeks1@Student.derby.ac.uk> After a waterfront explosion, Verbal, an eye-witness and participant tells the story of events leading up to the conflagration. The story begins when five men are rounded up for a line-up, and grilled about a truck hijacking (the usual suspects). Least pleased is Keaton: a crooked cop - exposed, indicted, but now desperately trying to go straight. The cops won't leave him alone, however, and as they wait for their lawyers to post bail, he is talked into doing one more job with the other four. All goes tolerably well until the influence of the legendary, seemingly omnipotent "Keyser Sze" is felt. Although set in the modern day, it has much of the texture of the forties, plus suspense, intrigue (a fairly high body count), and lots of twists in the plot. <Phil.Kilby@dit.csiro.au> This is a film about five men who are hauled into the New York police station because a crime was committed and they are the usual suspects. They all agree to do a job together for a little revenge. However, little do they know that someone else has the strings and that they are all the puppets--all because each of them crossed the wrong person at the wrong time. After the big job, 27 people are dead, and there are two survivors. But the question is...who's the one controlling everything? thexotherxchris Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the deck of a ship in San Pedro, California, a figure identified as Keyser speaks with an injured man called Keaton. The two talk briefly, then Keyser appears to shoot Keaton before setting the ship ablaze. The next day, FBI Agent Jack Baer ( Giancarlo Esposito ) and U.S. Customs special agent Dave Kujan ( Chazz Palminteri ) arrive in San Pedro separately to investigate what happened on the boat. 27 people have been killed in the fire. There appear to be only two survivors: a crippled man named Roger 'Verbal' Kint ( Kevin Spacey ) and a hospitalized Hungarian criminal and crewman. Baer interrogates the Hungarian, who claims that Keyser Sze, a Turkish criminal mastermind with a nearly mythical reputation, was in the harbor "killing many men." The Hungarian begins to describe Sze while a translator interprets and a police sketch artist draws a rendering of Sze's face. Meanwhile, Verbal Kint tells the authorities everything he knows in exchange for immunity. After making his statement to the district attorney, Kint is placed in a police station office of Sgt. Jeff Rabin (Dan Hedaya), where both he and Kujan requests to hear the story again, from the beginning.... Verbal's tale starts six weeks earlier in New York City, when an armored truck containing spare gun parts is hijacked in Queens. The driver of the stolen truck was grabbed from behind and never saw the person or persons who accosted him, but the unknown hijacker spoke to him. Subsequently, the NYPD round up five different criminals: Dean Keaton ( Gabriel Byrne ) is a corrupt former police officer who has apparently given up his life of crime, and is arrested while eating dinner at a fancy restaurant; Michael McManus ( Stephen Baldwin ) is a crack shot with a temper and a wild streak, arrested in the middle of the night in his bed; Fred Fenster ( Benicio Del Toro ) is McManus's Hispanic partner who speaks in mangled English, and is nabbed on a street corner; Todd Hockney ( Kevin Pollak ) is a car mechanic and part-time hijacker who forms an instant rivalry with McManus, and is picked up while working on a car in his garage; and Verbal himself, who is a con artist that suffers from cerebral palsy. The five men are brought together for a lineup, and are told to say the phrase, "Give me the keys, you fucking cocksucker." They all manage to butcher the phrase. Later, while sitting in a holding cell, McManus convinces the others to join forces to commit a robbery targeting New York's Finest Taxi service, a group of corrupt NYPD police officers who escort smugglers to their destinations around the city. Their attack on one smuggler (Paul Bartel) goes off without a hitch, with farther reaching consequences as numerous other officers are indicted on corruption charges. With their loot, the quintet travels to California to sell it to McManus's fence, Redfoot ( Peter Greene ). Redfoot talks them into another job: robbing a purported jewel smuggler named Saul Bass. Instead of jewels or money, as they were told he was carrying, the smuggler had heroin. An angry confrontation between the thieves and Redfoot reveals that the job came from a lawyer named Kobayashi ( Pete Postlethwaite ). The five criminals later meet with Kobayashi, who claims to work for Keyser Sze and blackmails them into destroying the cargo of a ship coming to San Pedro harbor. In the present, Verbal Kint tells Kujan the story of Keyser Sze as he apparently heard it. Verbal's flashback reveals Sze's family being harassed by a rival Hungarian gang in Turkey. Sze goes on a murderous vendetta against all those who were involved. Afterwards, he apparently disappears; thereafter, he rarely conducts business without an alias and maintains anonymity between himself and anyone working for him. With time, Sze's story takes on mythic stature, with most people either doubting his existence or disbelieving it entirely. Back in the present, Kint continues to tell his version of what happened then. His flashback resumes to reveal Fenster's attempt to run away, but he is tracked and killed (off-camera) by Kobayashi. The remaining four thieves kidnap Kobayashi, believing Sze to be a cover for his activities and intending to kill him if he does not leave them alone. Before McManus can execute him, Kobayashi reveals that lawyer Edie Finneran ( Suzy Amis ), Keaton's girlfriend, is in his office. Kobayashi also says that he has the will, the information, and the means to injure or kill the remaining four criminals' relatives if they do not go through with the arrangement. On the night of the cocaine deal, the sellers--a group of Argentine mobsters--are on the dock, as are the buyers--a group of Hungarian mobsters. Keaton tells Verbal to stay back, and to take the money to Edie if the plan goes awry so she can pursue Kobayashi "her way;" Verbal reluctantly agrees to do so. He watches the boat from a distance, in hiding, as Keaton, McManus and Hockney attack the men at the pier in a huge gunfight. During the battle, Hockney is killed as Keaton and McManus discover separately that there is no cocaine on the boat. Meanwhile, the Hungarians, yet untouched by the thieves, are being picked off by an unseen killer, and a closely-guarded Hispanic passenger is killed by an unseen assailant. McManus is killed with a knife to the back of his neck, and Keaton, turning away to leave, is shot in the back. A figure in a dark coat appears, presumably Keyser Sze, and lights a cigarette with a gold lighter. He appears to speak briefly with Keaton before apparently shooting him (the scene which began the film in medias res). In the present, with Verbal's story finished, Kujan reveals what he has deduced, with the aide of Agent Baer: The boat hijacking was not about cocaine, but rather to ensure that one man aboard the ship--the Hispanic passenger held captive, named Arturo (Castulo Guerra), one of the few individuals alive who could positively identify Sze--is killed. After Sze presumably killed the man, he eliminated everyone else on the ship and set it ablaze; Kujan reveals that Edie has also been killed. Kujan has concluded that Keaton was Keyser Sze. Verbal admits that the whole affair, from the beginning, was Keaton's idea. His bail having been posted, Verbal departs with his immunity. Verbal retrieves his personal effects from the property officer as Kujan, relaxing in Rabin's office that he used for the interrogation, notices that details and names from Verbal's story are words appearing on various objects around the room. 'Redfoot' is the name on a wanted poster, for example, and 'Kobayashi' is written on the bottom of a coffee cup that Verbal handled earlier. Quickly putting the pieces together, Kujan realizes that Verbal made up practically the entire story as he talked. He runs outside just as a fax arrives with the police artist's impression of Keyser Sze's face.... which resembles Verbal Kint. As he leaves the police station, Verbal's distinctive limp gradually disappears and he shakes out his palsied hand. He steps into a waiting car driven by "Mr. Kobayashi," departing just as Kujan comes outside to see too late that Kint is gone. Verbal Kint is Keyser Sze, so how much of his narration was truthful is open to interpretation. 
 Superman Returns (2006)651) Superman returns to Earth after spending five years in space examining his homeworld Krypton. But he finds things have changed while he was gone, and he must once again prove himself important to the world. Following a mysterious absence of several years, the Man of Steel comes back to Earth in the epic action-adventure Superman Returns, a soaring new chapter in the saga of one of the world's most beloved superheroes. While an old enemy plots to render him powerless once and for all, Superman faces the heartbreaking realization that the woman he loves, Lois Lane, has moved on with her life. Or has she? Superman's bittersweet return challenges him to bridge the distance between them while finding a place in a society that has learned to survive without him. In an attempt to protect the world he loves from cataclysmic destruction, Superman embarks on an epic journey of redemption that takes him from the depths of the ocean to the far reaches of outer space. Anonymous After eliminating General Zod & the other Kryptonian arch-villains, Ursa & Non, Superman leaves Earth to try to find his former home world of Krypton after astronomers have supposedly found it. When he finds nothing but remnants, he returns home to Earth - to find out that Lois Lane is engaged to a relative of his boss, and that Lex Luthor is at it again - after swindling an elderly, terminally ill woman. The psychopathic Luthor, whose plans to destroy California failed because of Superman's heroics, vows vengeance against the Man of Steel and contrives a new sinister plot - using the crystals of Krypton to build a continent that will wipe out most of North America! Embedded in the continent's structure is Kryptonite - the lethal substance that is Superman's only weakness. Upon learning of Luthor's sinister scheme, Superman must again race against time to stop the psychopathic Luthor before millions - possibly billions - are killed. Derek O'Cain The latest installment of the Man of Steel; the story presented as a Christian parable. After leaving Earth for 5 years to visit his home planet, Superman returns to find that Earth has lost hope in him as its savior. We are reminded that Jor-El has sent his only son to Earth because people are basically good. We get to see Superman rekindle his relationship with Lois Lane, who now has a son of questionable paternity; could it be Superman's son being raised by another man. Superman fights the evil in the form of Lex Luther. Can Superman save humanity? Does humanity have faith in him? anonymous Plotting against his demise Lex Luthor, once more wants to take over the world by creating his very own, and in the process wiping out the lives of billions. After a five-year absence, looking for remnants of his home planet long gone his return finds Lois as a new mother and a new world that has become unrecognisable, his return could not be better timed. With the world once again at the mercy of a madman, it is up to Superman to once again safe us all. Can he too return the world around and defeat his evil adversary and the peril that hangs over us forever? Cinema_Fan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. For five years, Superman ( Brandon Routh ) has been away from Earth, coaxed into space by a belief that Krypton may still exist. In the time he's been away, the world has changed--not only has terrorism become rampant, but Lois Lane has been living with Perry White's nephew, started a family, and won a Pulitzer Prize for her piece "Why the World Doesn't Need Superman." Meanwhile, Lex Luthor ( Kevin Spacey ) has conned a wealthy widow named Gertrude Vanderworth ( Noel Neill ) out of her fortune, with the assumption that he has changed his ways after being in prison. After inheriting her money, Lex, his assistant Kitty Kowalski ( Parker Posey ), and some henchmen take Gertrude's private yacht, and head North toward Superman's Fortress of Solitude. Lex carefully guides them to the location, where he finds several crystals in the fortress' control panel, and the holographic image of Superman's father, Jor-El ( Marlon Brando ). After listening to the hologram, Lex and his crew take the crystals and return to Metropolis. Meanwhile, Superman returns to Earth, landing near the Kent Farm in Kansas where his mother, Martha Kent ( Eva Marie Saint ), currently resides. After spending some time with her, Superman re-adopts his Clark Kent persona, and returns to Metropolis. Reporter Jimmy Olsen ( Sam Huntington ) and Daily Planet Editor Perry White ( Frank Langella ) are there to greet Clark. However, his reunion with Lois Lane ( Kate Bosworth ) is put on hold, as she is aboard a jetliner being used to launch a new shuttle into space. However, the shuttle fails to disengage before it's engines fire and rocket the jetliner in orbit, the flames from the shuttle's engines burning the plane's tail section. Superman flies into action, and manages to disengage the shuttle, but the jet ends up plummeting to Earth, with it's tail section burned up. Chasing it into the Earth's atmosphere, Superman manages to stop the jet before it crashes into a baseball stadium filled with people as a game is underway. After greeting the press and the public in the cheering stands, Superman flies off. Unknown to Superman and the rest of the public, the shuttle's error was due to a brief power outage that affected much of the country. This was caused by Lex Luthor, who, after taking a sliver from a crystal, placed it into some water in a model train layout in the basement of Gertrude Vanderworth's mansion. This triggered an EMP (electromagnetic pulse) reaction that cut off local power, but resulted in a large crystal growth to blossom from the sliver, that ends up demolishing the model, and growing up through the basement ceiling. Back at the Daily Planet, Lois wants to find out more about the power outage, but Perry White wants the entire staff to focus on getting as much information on Superman as possible. It is during this time that Clark reintroduces himself to Lois, and meets her long-term fiance Richard White ( James Marsden ), and their child, Jason ( Tristan Lake Leabu ). After their encounter, Superman later meets Lois on the roof, where she is mildly hostile toward him for leaving her and the people of Earth. They continue their heart-to-heart talk, and Lois explains to him that she has moved on. Superman takes Lois into the upper atmosphere, telling her that he can hear the whole world pleading for a savior despite what Lois wrote in her article. Trying to distance himself from his emotions over Lois, Superman returns to fighting crime, not just in Metropolis, but all over the world. In one instance, he rescues Kitty Kowalski when the brakes fail on her Ford Mustang. However, this was all a ruse to keep Superman occupied, as Lex and some associates break into the Metropolis Museum to steal the Addis Ababa meteorite, a chunk of kryptonite. Shortly afterward, Superman returns to the Fortress of Solitude, where he finds the crystals containing the information regarding Krypton are now missing. Lois continues to investigate the power outage, which leads her to the Vanderworth mansion, with her son in tow. Finding the mansion locked, she finds the Vanderworth yacht floating nearby, and goes aboard. Before she can react, the yacht has pulled away, and Lois finds herself face-to-face with Lex Luthor. While aboard the yacht, Luthor begins to explain his plan to Lois. Using the crystals that he took from Superman's Fortress of Solitude, he intends to sink them into the ocean, creating brand new continents with enough land mass to overtake the Americas, Europe and Africa, and cause the oceans to rise, burying much of the present land mass, killing billions of people. With Luthor having a monopoly on land, he intends to charge exorbitant prices for people to live on his new continents. Lois suggests that the governments of the world will stop him but Lex brags that with the power contained in the stolen crystals, he'll have all the defense he needs and that they'll be lining up to buy swaths of his new landmass. When Lois suggests, at Lex' goading, that Superman will stop him, Les shows her the chunk of kryptonite he stole, machined into a tube. Lex pauses briefly when he sees that a fearful look has crossed the face of Lois' son. He asks her who the boy's father is; Lois says it's Richard. Lex then leaves Lois and her son under the watchful eye of one of his henchmen before going to the main deck of the ship. One of the crystals is inserted into the tube of kryptonite and placed inside a stolen Russian missile. As it is fired into the ocean, it creates a reaction that starts the growth of a new landmass, albeit riddled with Kryptonite. The sudden growth of the landmass creates a power outage that affects Metropolis. Lois tries to distract their captor, and attempts to send a fax with their coordinates to the Daily Planet, but not before she's found out. However, before their hulking captor can kill her, a piano flies across the room, crushing him. It appears to have been thrown by Lois' son...who it appears was actually fathered by Superman. When Lex hears of this, he has Lois and her son locked in the ship's pantry before the rest of them take off in a helicopter on deck to the newly-grown continent. Back at the Daily Planet, the fax has partially come through, and Richard heads off in his small plane to find Lois. Superman attempts to follow, but becomes side-tracked when the newly-growing landmass causes a tremor that threatens the entire city. Superman has his hands full, saving people and averting catastrophes. Once it seems the tremors have stopped, he heads back out to sea. At the exact coordinates, he finds Richard's seaplane, but also the Vanderworth Yacht, skewered by a spiky growth from the new continent. Superman rescues Richard, Lois and Jason, before the yacht cleaves in two, and disappears below the water. As the family takes off, Superman heads to the 'New Krypton' continent to confront Luthor. Luthor greets Superman, who, with the environment teeming with Kryptonite, has grown weaker. Luthor and his thugs beat and pummel Superman, before Luthor stabs him with a Kryptonite shard he'd pocketed from the meteorite's machining, and sends him plummeting off a cliff to the waters below. Superman is saved when Lois convinces Richard to go back, telling him how the new continent is laced with Kryptonite. After Jason spots Superman in the ocean, Lois dives in and manages to catch hold of Superman's cape and haul him to the surface, while Richard gets him aboard the plane. Lois pulls out the Kryptonite shard, but is unable to remove it all. Regaining consciousness, Superman thanks them for the rescue, but decides to go back to stop Lex. Superman first breaks through the clouds above, to absorb as much energy as he can from the Earth's sun. Flying down, he burrows below the new landmass and then lifts it out of the water, shielding himself from the kryptonite underneath with as much rock and soil as he can. Lex, Kitty and their henchmen attempt to flee the ascending continent, but all the henchmen are crushed by a massive chunk of falling edifice. Lex, Kitty and her dog manage to board the helicopter. Kitty, who is tinged with guilt about the how many are going to die when the other continents are destroyed, throws out the other crystals. With no time to retrieve them, Lex pilots the helicopter away. Superman, growing weaker and weaker due to the Kryptonite-laced continent, manages to push it into space before plummeting to Earth, crashing into a park in Metropolis. Superman is rushed to a hospital, where the remaining Kryptonite shard is removed, and the doctors attempt to revive him (spoiling several pieces of medical equipment in the process as they try to resuscitate him). However, after several days, he has not regained consciousness. A vigil is held outside the hospital by hundreds of people, and even Martha Kent is among them. Back at the Daily Planet, Perry White has two front pages ready to run: "Superman Is Dead" and "Superman Lives." Richard generously offers to drive Lois to the hospital, and Lois and Jason manage to get in and see Superman, though he does not wake. While Lois leans over the unconscious Superman, she whispers something softly in his ear, with a meaningful glance at Jason; we are led to think that she has told Superman that he has a son. Jason is entranced by Superman's costume lying on a chair, and as they leave, Jason dashes to Superman's bedside and gives him a brief kiss goodbye. As Lois and Jason are escorted from the hospital, Martha spots them, and gazes speculatively at Jason. We see Lex and Kitty stranded on a small desert island with no food or water. When Kitty wonders aloud what are they going to eat, Lex eyes Kitty's little dog that she's cradling. Shortly afterwards, as a nurse checks on the room, the bed is found to be empty, the window open, and the costume gone. Later that evening, Superman flies to Lois and Richard's house. Lois is at her desk tearfully attempting to start writing another article: "Why The World Needs Superman." Superman slips into the house to gaze at Jason, who is asleep. Superman repeats the same words his father spoke to him so many years before: "You'll be different. Sometimes you'll feel like an outcast. But you'll never be alone. You'll make my strength your own. You'll see my life through your eyes, and your life will be seen through mine." Gently he caresses Jason's head, and finishes softly, "The son becomes the father, and the father becomes the son." Just before he leaves, Lois, who is outside, suddenly hears Jason piping, "Goodbye!" and sees Superman leaving. She asks him if they will see him again, and before he flies away, he assures her that he will always be around. With that farewell for now, Superman takes off and ascends to a high altitude for another patrol of his home, a world that knows that he has truly returned. 