nm0004909:

 On the Line (2001)321) A shy advertising employee meets his dream girl on the El train, but doesn't remember to get her phone number, resulting in an all-out search for the mystery girl A young man meets a girl on a train, only to spend the rest of the movie trying to reunite with her (one of the love-at-first-sight things), aided by his best friend in a quest of posters and signs that soon gains public notice. Will he ever find his soul mate? Jim Smith <jimsmith@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Kevin Gibbons (Lance Bass) is singing in his prom night with his band. Everything is going alright, until the girl of his dreams arrives with her boyfriend, and Kevin fucks it up big time: he starts sweating, freezes and then passes out. Seven years later, Kevin works for an advertising agency which wants to prepare a campaign for Reebok. For that, his boss Mr Higgins (Dave Foley) tells him that he needs a lot of charisma and confidence, which is the image Reebok wants to portray. Boss assings Kevin to work in a team with Jackie (Tamala Jones), who basically thinks that Kevin is a bit useless and a pain on the neck. She doesn't like much the ideas put forward by Kevin. The next morning, Kevin goes to work in the same train as always. Taken away by the music he is listening to, he stands up and sings it aloud. All the rest of commuters look at him like he's a weird guy, except for one girl, -nameless, but which the audience will know later that her name is Rod- (Joey Fatone) who says she's liked his performance. They start talking. She studies archaelogy, and she notices his company pass saying he works for FKR agency. They keep on chatting, and they get off in the same station. While they are leaving, he asks her to tell him something which she would only tell a complete stranger she will never see again. So she says that her dad is a pilot and that she loves creating paper planes. She makes one, throws it up and it crashes onto some guy's thick afro hairstyle. His secret is that he can name all the presidents in order. She can name them as well. When they have to go separate ways, there is a weird moment of silence but she leaves to go wherever she needs to go. Kevin admits to his friends that the only thing he was able to say was "It was a pleasure committing with you.". They laugh about him. Eric (GQ) talks about Kevin's legendary lack of confidence. They are at a rock bar, discussing the matter. They all remember Kevin's disastrous night during his prom while playing with his school band. At home, Rod makes another paper plane, and she remembers her weekend in Chicago. Her friend Sam (Kristin Booth) asks her about the weekend she met with her boyfriend, but Rod is not so enthusiastic about that. She is more interested in that guy she met on the train. Boss presents the slogan for Reebok, "Step into the Future", but they expected a warmer tagline. Kevin is blamed for the disaster, and in frustration, he starts daydreaming. A song starts to sound, and he makes plenty of photocopies "Are you her? We met on the train. We talked about the presidents" with his telephone number. He distributes this all over town. A journalist called Randy "Freaky" Francis (James Bulliard) sees it and his editor thinks he's got a story. It happens that he was the guy who was dumped by the girl who went to her prom with Kevin instead of him. He is still on the story. When Kevin comes back home, the phone is ringing but none of his two flatmates picks it up. He does, and it's a girl who says she is the girl from the train. They will meet at 1:00. Of course, it's not her, because Rod is dating with her boyfriend, whom she has less and less in common. The weirdo who wants to date Kevin felt a "cosmic connection" with him by reading his poster. Rod's boyfriend is answering his phone all the time and keeps on forgetting her. She starts making a paper plane, bus his boyfriend buys her out with two tickets for the Al Green (himself) concert. Brady phones Kevin to interview him. The next day, the story gets printed, and everybody in the office giggles at Kevin behind his back - and in front of. The people at Reebok wants Kevin officially on the team which is working on their campaign, as they want that kind of passion. Margie the Receptionist (Jenny Parsons) is the one who has to deal with some of the prank calls Kevin and his friends go to a baseball match where Eric is hit with a ball for the third time. The Reebok campaign goes on, but so many calls from different girls are starting to get disruptive. Mr Higgins thinks that Kevin is still lacking drive and confidence. Jackie is constantly pouting at Kevin's childish behaviour. He wants more involvement from Kevin in Reebok. When he says "yes" at this proposal, Kevin is also agreeing by phone to the night plans Eric has for him. Kevin thinks he's finally found Rod at a bar, but it was not her, only somebody who looked like her from behind. Eric is thrown out of the bar while Al Green is performing a song about Kevin's search. While Eric and Kevin leave the bar, we can see Rod entering, looking for her boyfriend and not happy at all. They didn't see each other. The next morning, in the same train, Kevin is commutting. The girl appears and tells her name to him, but he can't quite hear it because of the noise. Suddenly, he wakes up: he's just reached his station and it was only a dream. Kevin's friends start pretending to be him when answering the phone. Nathan (Jerry Stiller) goes out with some freaky girls. One of these calls was Randy's call. He is outraged that so many girls want to meet Kevin. Back in Chicago, Rod finally sees the newspaper article about Kevin. She phones him but it's one of his friends who picks it up. All his friends are dating these girls pretending to be Kevin, so one of them sets a date on Saturday evening with Rod. Obviously, when Rod arrives to the restaurant she realises that he is not Kevin. Rod is first surprised, then annoyed and leaves without having even sat up. The friend runs after her and he realises that this time, she is the real deal. He makes her believe that Kevin knows and approves of his friends dating the lonely girls who call him. Randy's girlfriend Julie (Amanda Foreman) tries to set a date with Kevin. She comes back home with a broken nose, a plastered leg and crutches. The next morning, The Chicago Post says that it was all a scam. The first thing Kevin notices is that Margie doesn't want to talk to him. Higgins also calls him to his office and takes him out of the Reebok team. Jackie has to make some photocopies for the Reebok team in a hurry, but the clerk is on his coffee break, so it's Kevin who helps her out. At the end of that day, at the station, Kevin notices Rod also waiting for a train, but for another train in the other side of the lane. He calls out for her, but she doesn't hear him. He runs to her, but she is already in the train. The doors close. He taps on the window on her compartment, but she shows him The Chicago Post's headline saying that it was all a scam. Kevin tells Eric while playing baseball that he found her but that she blew him off. Eric tells him that she had called and that he went on a date with her. Kevin gets angry and punches Eric. CUE to images of Rod and Kevin, both strolling around the city, feeling lonely and depressed. Kevin's friends want to straighten things up. Following Eric's description of Rod, they renew the efforts to look for this girl. Kevin visits his father, in an elder people's home. He gives him a baseball and advises him to find that girl. Jackie has told the Reebok people that it was Kevin's idea. Kevin puts billboards all over Chicago saying that he was sorry and further asking the "train girl" to meet him at 7 at their stop. All the media and the general public is there waiting for him and the train girl. Meanwhile, Eric presents his new song to Julie. It's getting late, and all the camera crews leave because the train girl is not going to appear. A paper plane appears. It's from Rod. Kevin looks up and it's Rod. He asks for her name and they kiss. The next day, there is a picture of Rod and Kevin on the first page with the headline BOY FINDS GIRL! EXTRA FOOTAGE: N-Sync singers / dancers / whatever they were show fake behind the scenes footage. 
 Bring It on (2000)321) A champion high school cheerleading squad discovers its previous captain stole all their best routines from an inner-city school and must scramble to compete at this year's championships. The Toro cheerleading squad from Rancho Carne High School in San Diego has got spirit, spunk, sass and a killer routine that's sure to land them the national championship trophy for the sixth year in a row. But for newly-elected team captain Torrance, the Toros' road to total cheer glory takes a shady turn when she discovers that their perfectly-choreographed routines were in fact stolen from the Clovers, a hip-hop squad from East Compton, by the Toro's former captain. While the Toros scramble to come up with a new routine, the Clovers, led by squad captain Isis have their own problems - coming up with enough money to cover their travel expenses to the championships. With time running out and the pressure mounting, both captains drive their squads to the point of exhaustion: Torrance, hell bent on saving the Toros' reputation, and Isis more determined than ever to see that the Clovers finally get the recognition that they deserve. But only one team can bring home the title, so may the best moves win. <BriRyeMuls@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Torrance Shipman (Kirsten Dunst) anxiously dreams about her first day of senior year. Her boyfriend, Aaron (Richard Hillman), has left for college, and her cheerleading squad, the Toros, is aiming for a sixth consecutive national title. Team captain, "Big Red" (Lindsay Sloane), is graduating and Torrance is elected to take her place. Shortly after her election, however, a team member is injured and can no longer compete. Torrance replaces her with Missy Pantone (Eliza Dushku), an ill-tempered tomboy gymnast who recently transferred to the school with her twin brother, Cliff (Jesse Bradford). Torrance and Cliff develop a flirtatious friendship. After watching the Toros practice, Missy realizes the squad has been copying routines from a rival team that her previous high school competed against. She drives Torrance to Los Angeles, where they watch the East Compton Clovers perform routines that are virtually identical to their own team's. Isis (Gabrielle Union), the Clovers' team captain, angrily confronts the two. Torrance learns that "Big Red" regularly attended the Clovers' practices to videotape and steal their routines. Isis informs Torrance of her plans to defeat the Toros at the regional and national championships, which the team has never attended due to their economic hardship. When Torrance tells the Toros about the routines, the team still votes in favor of using the current routine to win; Torrance reluctantly agrees. At the Toros' next home game, Isis and her teammates show up and perform the Toro's routine in front of the whole school, humiliating them. The Toros realize that they have no choice but to learn a different routine. In desperation, they employ a professional choreographer named Sparky Polastri, which was suggested by Torrance's boyfriend, Aaron. At the Regionals, the team set to play before the Toros performs the exact routine they had been practicing. The Toros have no choice but to perform the very same routine. After the debacle that ensues, Torrance speaks to a competition official and is told the routine was given to several other teams in California. As the defending champions, the Toros are nevertheless granted their place at Finals, but Torrance is warned that a new routine will be expected. Torrance, crushed by her failure to lead the team successfully, considers quitting. Cliff encourages and supports her, intensifying their growing attraction. Aaron, however, suggests that she is not leadership material and recommends that she step down from her position. When Cliff sees Torrance and Aaron together, he angrily severs his friendship with Torrance. Although distressed, Torrance's confidence is renewed by Cliff's encouragement and she convinces her unhappy team to create an innovative, new routine instead. She breaks up with Aaron, realizing his infidelity and inability to be supportive, but Cliff still refuses to forgive her. Meanwhile, the Clovers are initially unable to compete at Nationals due to financial problems. This prompts Torrance to get her dad's company to sponsor the Clovers, but Isis rejects the money and gets her team to Nationals by appealing to a talk show host who grew up in their area. In the finals, the Toros take second place, while the Clovers win. However, at the end of the movie, Torrance and Isis find some respect in each other and Cliff and Torrance share a romantic kiss. 
 My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 (2016)541) A Portokalos family secret brings the beloved characters back together for an even bigger and Greeker wedding. Still working in her parents' Greek restaurant, Toula Portokalos' daughter, Paris, is growing up. She is getting ready to graduate high school and Toula and Ian are experiencing marital issues. When Toula's parents find out they were never officially married, another wedding is in the works. Can this big, fat, Greek event help to bring the family together? Nanciejeanne Continuing saga of Toula Portokalos-Miller. The travel agency where she worked is closed and the family's dry cleaning business is also closed. She now works at the family's restaurant. Her daughter, Paris, is so fed up with how the family smothers her that she's considering going to a college in another city, which makes Toula and most of the family unhappy. When Toula's father learns, because of a technicality, he and his wife are not married, they decide to get married and as usual the whole thing becomes a circus. rcs0411@yahoo.com Toula Portokalos-Miller's (Nia Vardalos) life is in shambles. Her travel agency and the family dry cleaners have closed due to the recession. The only business still open is the family restaurant that her father, Gus (Michael Constantine), still runs. Her husband, Ian (John Corbett), is the principal at their teen-aged daughter Paris's (Elena Kampouris) high school. Paris, who is applying to college, feels smothered by her close-knit clan, who constantly interfere in her life. Desperate for independence and privacy, she applies to schools across the country. Ian and Toula's marriage has become strained due to Toula's obsessive need to be involved in Paris's life and to "fix" whatever goes wrong in her family.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Toula (Nia Vardalos) and her dad Gus (Michael Constantine) driving her daughter Paris (Elena Kampouris) to school. They stop to pick up Nick's (Louis Mandylor) kids, and then Nikki's (Gia Carides) kids. Gus bugs Paris about finding a Greek boyfriend and to get married soon and have sons. This goes all the way to school when Paris gets out of the car. Toula, trying to comfort her daughter, only embarrasses her in front of everyone. Toula narrates that she has been trying to stay close to Paris, even going as far as to volunteer at her school, but all it does is embarrass both of them. On top of that, Toula and Ian (John Corbett) haven't had much of a romantic spark to their relationship since getting married. Paris is at a college fair at school. Toula and Ian want her to pick Northwestern University so she can stay close to home. The whole Portokalos clan shows up for support, including Maria (Lainie Kazan), Angelo (Joey Fatone), Aunt Voula (Andrea Martin), and Mana-Yiayia (Bess Meisler). Paris talks to the rep from Northwestern (Rob Riggle), which prompts the Portokalos men to confront him and ensure that she gets accepted. However, Paris is set on going to school far from Chicago, to Toula's dismay. Gus has taken it upon himself to prove that he is a direct descendant from Alexander The Great. He gets Toula to teach him how to use a computer so he can trace his ancestry. It proves to be such a struggle that Ian and Nick must help as well. Gus finds his marriage certificate and sees that it was never signed by a minister, meaning he and Maria are technically not legally married. Gus breaks the news to Maria and insists they must set up a wedding immediately. Maria refuses, as she wants Gus to propose properly, which he didn't do 50 years earlier. Gus doesn't see the point in doing so, so Maria turns against him. Following this, Voula tells Toula that she and Ian need to go on a date to retain the romance in their marriage, but to avoid arguments, they must not talk about Paris. Toula and Ian go out for dinner that night, and they do talk about Paris and how concerned they are that she might pick a school away from Chicago. When they get home, they start to fool around in the car until Maria, Voula, and Nikki catch them. After they leave, they continue. The family meets a famous TV personality named George (John Stamos) and his wife Anna (Rita Wilson). Knowing George is Greek, Gus invites him and Anna to their restaurant and to bring their son so he can meet Paris. When they arrive at the restaurant, the family is stunned (and disappointed) to see that George and Anna's son is 7 years old. One evening, Maria calls Toula's home to tell her and Ian that Gus got stuck in the bathtub since his bad hip locked. Toula, Ian, Nick, and Angelo rush over to help, but they're afraid to do so because Gus is nude. They try to turn him over, but they eventually resort to calling an ambulance. As he is being carried away, Gus then proposes to Maria properly, and she accepts (begrudgingly). The Portokalos women help Maria plan her wedding, but her demands become so hectic that their wedding planner quits on them. Meanwhile, Paris receives acceptance letters from both Northwester and NYU. She tells her parents that she wants to go to Northwestern just to make them happy, even though that's not what she wants. Toula, being tasked to fix everything, assembles the family together so that Maria can have the wedding she really wants. With everybody having a job to do, the time has come to plan another big fat Greek wedding. At school, Paris witnesses her crush Bennett (Alex Wolff) approaching his own crush to ask her to the prom. Unfortunately, the girl's new boyfriend asks her as well. Paris saves Bennett and asks him herself to go to prom. He accepts. Prom night arrives, which is the same day as the wedding. Paris tells Toula and Ian that she wants to go to NYU, and while it hurts them to send her away, Toula and Paris share a tender moment before Bennett shows up. On the way to prom, Paris bonds with Bennett after learning that he comes from a Greek family. Gus receives a surprise visit from his older brother Panos (Mark Margolis). He is there to support his brother, and they have a drink with Ian and Nick. Ian gets his buddy Mike (Ian Gomez) to get his police buddies to get them all to the church on time. At the church, Maria is walked down the aisle by Nick. Problem is, Gus has gotten pretty drunk and he can't stop giggling. Maria walks away since he won't take this seriously, prompting the women to run and convince her to go on with it. Panos enters and tells Maria that Gus has loved her for the last 50 years since she agreed to go with him to America. Maria knows she loves Gus too, and they proceed with the wedding. As it goes on, Toula and Ian rekindle their spark, while Paris and Bennett share their first kiss at prom. The family gathers at home for the reception. Paris and Bennett join them, and Bennett is jumped by Paris's cousins. Toula gives Gus a letter from the ancestry site confirming that he is a direct descendant of Alexander The Great. He proudly goes up to announce it. Toula lets Ian know that she really wrote it. The film concludes with the whole family dropping Paris off at her dorm in NYC. 
 My Big Fat Greek Wedding (2002)431) A young Greek woman falls in love with a non-Greek and struggles to get her family to accept him while she comes to terms with her heritage and cultural identity. Toula Portokalos is 30, Greek, and works in her family's restaurant, Dancing Zorba's, in Chicago. All her father Gus wants is for her to get married to a nice Greek boy. But Toula is looking for more in life. Her mother convinces Gus to let her take some computer classes at college (making him think it's his idea). With those classes under her belt, she then takes over her aunt's travel agency (again making her father think it's his idea). She meets Ian Miller, a high school English teacher, WASP, and dreamboat she had made a fool of herself over at the restaurant; they date secretly for a while before her family finds out. Her father is livid over her dating a non-Greek. He has to learn to accept Ian; Ian has to learn to accept Toula's huge family, and Toula has to learn to accept herself. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Toula Portokalos is a single thirty years old Greek woman, living with her parents and brother in a Chicago Greek community. After convincing her father to go to the university, she meets the non-Greek Ian Miller and they decide to get married. Her father does not accept the wedding of his daughter with a non-Greek man. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with 30 year old Toula (Nina Vardalos) being picked up by her father in a rain storm. She flashes back to being different and not fitting in at school as a little girl, because she was (staunchly) Greek and nerdy. Her father wants her to get married and says she is getting so old. Not listening and unhappy waiting tables at her family's restaurant, she meets a new man. It goes no where at first, but she breaks away and convinces her parents to let her run her Aunt's travel agency, while she attends computer school. Toula feels like a caged animal set free, and of course, the new man, Ian Miller (John Corbett) stops by after seeing Toula through the window. The two start dating and dad finds out. Toula's dad Gus, has a fit because Ian is not Greek and has longer hair. So Gus starts inviting Greek men to dinner and Toula has no part of it. Soon, Ian asks her to marry him and the family must accept it! So Gus has Ian convert and Ian's parents go to Toula's parents to meet the family. Of course they have all of the cousin's and other relatives over, loud Greek music and a lamb on a spit in the front yard. Toula's parents and aunt are totally over bearing and scare Ian's parents. Toula's brother and cousin won't stop having Ian speak to the family in Greek, while disguising curse words as greetings. But the wedding is on, and it is big and loud. Gus gives a toast and found that Miller comes from Milo which means apple in Greek. yes, Toula's last name means orange and the joke goes over well. Then Gus gets emotional and reveals the wedding gift. Its a house! Excited, the couple hug her parents and music and merriment break out. Then the movie ends with Ian and Toula living next door with their little daughter who complains about going to Greek School. 