nm0004790:

 Ocean's Eleven (2001)541) Danny Ocean and his ten accomplices plan to rob three Las Vegas casinos simultaneously. Danny Ocean wants to score the biggest heist in history. He combines an eleven member team, including Frank Catton, Rusty Ryan and Linus Caldwell. Their target? The Bellagio, the Mirage and the MGM Grand. All casinos owned by Terry Benedict. It's not going to be easy, as they plan to get in secretly and out with $150 million. Film_Fan Recently paroled con artist Danny Ocean is a man who keeps his cool in situations unlikely to make any individual comfortable. No sooner does he violate his parole that he's traveling around the country gathering people for his next big scheme: to rob three casinos owned by the ever ruthless Terry Benedict. With the aid of a right hand man named Rusty, a thief out of retirement, a pickpocket, a card dealer, a surveillance man, a Chinese acrobat, an explosives expert, two frontmen, and a bitter casino mogul, they make up Ocean's eleven, out to make one very big score. MonkeyKingMA Danny Ocean is a thief who has just been paroled from prison. He seeks out his partner, Rusty and he has a job. And it is to rob the vault that houses the cash of three casinos in Las Vegas. And he plans to rob it on a night when 150 million is in it. So they recruit nine guys and they begin to put Ocean's plan in motion. Everything is going well until Rusty discovers that Ocean's ex-wife, Tess is the main squeeze of Terry Benedict the (ruthless) owner of the casinos. Rusty asks him what is he going to do if he has to choose. But Ocean says that if his plan goes smoothly, he is going to be able to have his cake and eat it. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Daniel Ocean (George Clooney), a convicted thief, is being questioned by a parole board about his upcoming release from prison and the chances of him breaking the law again. The board implies they know Danny has been involved in several other robbery and fraud cases, although he was never officially accused or charged, which Danny simply confirms that he was indeed never charged. They ask him why he committed this particular crime or why he was caught this time. He claims the reason for his crime was that his ex-wife, Tess, left him, and he spiraled out of control. When asked what he would do if released from prison, he simply smiles without answering. Ocean is released from his New Jersey prison and goes to an Atlantic City casino to meet with an old friend, Frank Cotton (Bernie Mac) who works there as a blackjack dealer. The two of them pretend not to know each other and uses coded phrases to meet up later somewhere more private away from casino security. They talk about "him" and where to find "him". Frank asks Danny if he already has a job in mind to which Danny simply states that he just came out of prison. Next, he's off to Hollywood (breaking the terms of his parole, which require him to stay in New Jersey) to reunite with "him" who turns out to be his right-hand man Rusty Ryan (Brad Pitt). Rusty is bored out of his mind trying to teach TV and movie stars how to play real poker. Danny sneaks into their meeting and, with a little help from Rusty, cons the stars into betting a lot of money on a hand Danny wins easily. They then move into a more private club where Danny reveals he has a job in mind which targets casino tycoon Terry Benedict (Andy Garcia). Benedict owns three Las Vegas casino-hotels: the Bellagio, the Mirage, and the MGM Grand. All three casinos share one vault, and Ocean plans to assemble a crew to empty that vault. Rusty is skeptical of Danny's plan but pledges his support and his valuable insight. Rusty questions Danny's reasons for the heist to which Danny provides a contrived and humorous speech. Together, they go over exactly what would be needed to pull the job, who they would need in their crew and who they could get to finance the operation. They find their financier in their old friend, the flamboyantly wealthy Reuben Tishkoff (Elliott Gould). Reuben is not interested at first because he knows a lot about the outrageously tight security in casinos and deems the scheme unlikely to succeed. He changes his mind however when he learns the target is Benedict, an old enemy of his. With Reuben's financial backing secured, Danny and Rusty starts discussing the crew. Frank Cotton pulls some strings to get transferred to one of Benedict's casinos in Las Vegas to serve as an inside man. The Malloy brothers, Turk (Scott Caan) and Virgil (Casey Affleck), are a humorous pair of car enthusiasts from Utah recruited for transportation and multiple other skills. In charge of the electronics is the anxious and jumpy Livingston Dell (Eddie Jemison). Basher Tarr (Don Cheadle) is Danny and Rusty's top choice for a demolitions man, but his other project and subsequent arrest require Rusty to rescue him from the cops, which he does by impersonating an arrogant ATF agent. In San Diego they find their "grease man" in Yen (Shaobo Qin), a circus acrobat. Rusty then meets up and guilts old-timer Saul Bloom (Carl Reiner) out of retirement in Florida. With 10 people already committed, the two agrees they need an eleventh member. Danny goes to Chicago to recruit a young but highly skilled pickpocket Linus Caldwell (Matt Damon), son of the infamous thief Bobby Caldwell who referred him to Danny without telling him it's his son. Danny is successful in wooing Linus. Everyone converges to Ruben's house in Las Vegas for their very first meeting where the whole plan will be discussed in details. Danny gives fair warning to everyone that the job could be extremely lucrative but also extremely dangerous and that if they join him inside the house, they are now officially part of the job and cannot back out. Everyone goes in except Linus who still appears reluctant until Reuben abruptly tells him to "get in the god damn house" with everybody else. Danny and Rusty proceeds to reveal the target and all the security measures they will have to deal with in order to pull the job. However, Danny believes they can grab over $150 million from Benedict's vault if they pull the job on the night of a big upcoming boxing match scheduled in two weeks. The team set up camp in one of the Bellagio suite and prepares to carry out the heist. They canvas the whole location to make sure they know everything there is to know. They tap into the surveillance system to have an eye on everything and everyone. They build an exact replica of the vault in a warehouse to familiarize themselves and practice parts of their plan, mostly for Yen to learn how to move inside the vault without triggering the alarm system which will be fully functional at this particular part of their plan. Saul impersonates an international arms dealer residing at the hotel and looking to ask Benedict for a favor. Under the pretense of wanting to stash some extremely valuable stones safely, Saul cons Benedict into offering to stash them into his casino vault. The stones in question are explosives created by Basher to look like gems. Linus is assigned to shadowing Terry Benedict, much to his chagrin. He is excited to be included in the group but upset that, with all his skills, he is given little responsibility. During his surveillance of Benedict, Linus unknowingly reveals to Rusty something Danny had been keeping secret from everyone so far, his true motive for pulling this job; Terry Benedict has a gorgeous girlfriend, Danny's ex-wife Tess (Julia Roberts). Rusty confronts Danny at the warehouse, where Danny admits that Terry and Tess are dating and his intention is to win her back. Rusty is understandably upset and threatens to abandon the project, fearing Danny may compromise the job to get his girlfriend back. Danny assures him he has a very specific plan for Tess and the rest of the crew is not in jeopardy of losing their fair share of the score. At this point we see that Tess and Terry's relationship is a little bit awkward and not very close. Danny surprises Tess at a restaurant and admits to her that he came to Vegas to take her back which makes her angry. But through this hostile interaction we can see that Tess and Danny are far more passionate and closer than Tess and Terry could ever be. They have a brief conversation before Terry shows up to join Tess for dinner, oblivious and unconcerned to Danny's intentions towards either his money or his girlfriend. When a former casino-hotel is demolished through bombing, Basher brings the team some bad news when he finds out a weakness he was looking to exploit in the hotel's electrical system, will no longer be available due to the city's electrical engineers now aware of that weakness and fixing it after the hotel lost power. As a solution, he decides to cause an electrical pinch by connecting a bomb like device that fries circuitry with a huge electromagnetic pulse straight into the city's main power lines. The device in question however, is in California which requires the team to make a detour. Danny, Basher, Yen, Linus and the Malloys take a van and drives to California. Linus is left in the van with the brothers which annoys him quickly. Unable to sit in anymore he goes inside to join Danny but Danny and the others have already grabbed the device and are exiting the building. They leave only to realize Linus is no longer with them. Linus is able to escape the building but not without triggering an alarm and getting chased by security. Upon leaving in a hurry, Yen's hand gets broken when the backdoor violently slams on it. Danny and the others are obviously frustrated by Linus' mistake and potential compromise of the job. Back at the hotel, the team is worried because Danny has been "red-flagged" by security and will now be watched wherever he goes in the hotel. With his anger and embarrassment boiling over, Linus reveals to everyone that Danny is after Tess and that is the reason he was caught, and Rusty confesses to Danny that he ordered Linus to watch him. With Danny now unable to take a step without being tracked, he is a liability and Rusty kicks him off the team. The responsibility of "triggering the vault" is given to Linus, a show of respect he had been dying for, but now that the task is actually conferred upon him, he is nervous. Fight night arrives and everything is set in motion. Yen is hidden inside one of the vault carts and is sneaked into the vault along with Saul's suitcase containing the explosive fake gems. To get close to the vault -- and also to keep Terry distracted -- Linus poses as an agent of the Nevada Gaming Commission who comes to Terry with evidence that the Bellagio is illegally employing a convicted criminal as a dealer. The criminal in question is their inside man Frank Cotton, who drags out the interrogation by accusing "agent" Linus of racism. During the altercation with Frank, Linus pickpockets the vault's security codes from Benedict. Terry is so eager to get back to work after this meeting that when, on the way out, Linus claims to have left something behind in the conference room, Terry leaves Linus to show himself out -- which of course he doesn't. Linus uses the codes to make his way to the vault elevator. Meanwhile, Danny meets up with Tess, claiming he will leave her alone and giving her one last kiss on the cheek before leaving. He then hangs out at the hotel's casino where he makes sure Benedict sees him. Benedict orders his thugs to teach Danny a lesson. The thugs lead Danny to a private backroom and leave him alone with a monstrous sized man to beat him up. The man happens to be a friend of Danny paid by him to pretend he is beating up Danny. The man throws himself around and makes a lot of noise so the thugs on the other side of the door believe Danny is being massacred. Danny actually sneaks into the hotel's air duct and makes his way to the vault's elevator shaft where he surprises Linus, revealing he and Rusty played Linus to give him the opportunity to play a key role. In the meantime, Rusty, Saul, Turk, and Virgil distract the vault monitors in the security headquarters by having Saul pretend to have a heart attack. While the monitors are distracted, Livingston taps into their computer system and have it display a video they shot in their vault's replica where all they see from then on is a peaceful vault with nothing going on inside. He also makes Linus disappear from the other cameras while he is heading to the vault. With everyone in position, Basher cuts power across the whole city by triggering the pinch. Danny and Linus break into the vault, with help from Yen waiting inside, all unseen by the video cameras. Rusty then calls Terry on a cell phone Danny planted on Tess to reveal that he is being robbed. Incredulous, Terry goes to his security center to find that nothing is happening, until the monitors switch back to the real live feed and show three men in the vault packing all the money into black duffer bags marked with X's. The robbers rig the money with explosives and split it into two parts. They threaten to blow up all the money unless Benedict lets them get away with half of it. Upon hearing this, Benedict calls 911 and asks for a S.W.A.T. team. Benedict complies with Rusty's demands knowing that the S.W.A.T. team is on the way. With half the money in the vault and half the money being driven away in a van, Benedict accepts his loss and focuses on catching the culprits by allowing the S.W.A.T. team to enter the vault under cover of darkness. S.W.A.T enters the vault and a confrontation ensues where the explosives are triggered, blowing up the money. Benedict goes down to the vault to assess the damages and angrily calls for S.W.A.T to leave the premises. Benedict then orders his men to retrieve the money from the van but learns the bad news that the van was blown up too. He is then surprised to find out the van was not carrying money but just fliers advertising prostitutes. Benedict then realizes he has been played. Through flashbacks, it is revealed that the video of the three men loading up the duffer bags inside the vault was also a video shot within the team's vault replica. Livingston had tapped into the hotel's phone network and intercepted the 911 call. The S.W.A.T team that responded was the rest of Ocean's crew coming down to help clear out the vault. In the dark, the crew staged a confrontation while they were actually loading the real money into their gear bags. Benedict realizes that somebody made a duplicate of his vault, and that he just watched the S.W.A.T. team walk out with ALL of his money. Meanwhile, Tess is in her room, now fully aware that Danny is robbing her boyfriend when she receives a phone call to turn on her TV to a specific channel. The channel in question is the camera outside the backroom where Danny is supposedly getting beat up. Danny has slipped back into the room and allows the big man to give him a few real shots for looks. Terry goes to confront Danny, correctly assuming that he is somehow responsible. While never admitting anything, Danny tells Terry that he can get the money back if he's willing to give up Tess, who can hear everything. Terry agrees without hesitating and Tess is furious. Danny then says he knows a guy and that he'll find out who took Benedict's money within 24 hours. Frustrated beyond belief, Terry gives Danny to the police and he is arrested for violating his parole. Tess meets Terry as she's leaving and lets him know she knows what just happened. She finds Danny before the police takes him away and promises to wait for him to come out of jail just as he planned. Everyone in the crew (minus Ocean), about $15 million richer, watches the fountain show in front of the Bellagio to the music of Claire de Lune before leaving one by one all proud of what they just accomplished. Three to six months later, Danny is released from the same prison as earlier, only this time, Rusty is waiting for him with Tess in the car. Danny laughs at Rusty's old car when Rusty points out that Benedict's thugs are currently watching them. Danny joins Tess in the back of the car and Rusty drives them off, unconcerned by Benedict's thugs following them. 
 Gone in 60 Seconds (2000)761) A retired master car thief must come back to the industry and steal fifty cars with his crew in one night to save his brother's life. In exchange for his little brother's life, the reformed car thief, Randall "Memphis" Raines, has to do the impossible: in less than three days, he has to steal not one, but fifty exotic supercars for the ruthless crime lord, Ray Calitri. To stand a chance of pulling off this intricate and time-sensitive grand theft auto, once more, Memphis has to rely on his old gang--his knowledgeable mentor, Otto; the old friends, Sphinx and Donny; his reluctant ex-girlfriend, Sway, and a band of tech-savvy young thieves--however, the police are already onto them. Now, fast Lamborghinis, precious Ferraris, luxurious Porsches, and Eleanor--a rare Ford Shelby Mustang GT500--are just some of the cars in Raines' long list. Can Memphis execute the perfect car heist? Nick Riganas Car theft in Long Beach went down 47% when Randall "Memphis" Raines walked away from the life. He gets dragged back into it by assuming the job his brother Kip screwed up for stolen-car broker Raymond Calitri: steal 50 exotic cars and have them on a container ship by 8 AM Friday morning, and he got this news on a Monday. With Calitri threatening to kill him and Kip, and the police GRAB unit breathing down his neck, Memphis reassembles his old crew and attempts to pull off the logistically impossible. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> Memphis Raines must return to the world of auto theft after his brother breaches a contract with a Russian crime lord to deliver high end cars. Memphis must get a gang together for a one night 'boost' to grab all the cars while avoiding apprehension by the auto theft cop who trailed him years before. FMJ_Joker Kip Raines, a young car thief, was contracted to steal 50 specific cars but something went wrong. Now the man who hired him, Raymond Calitri, wants his head. When his brother, Memphis, once a great car thief, who retired a few years ago, learns of this, he comes back to town to see if he can help his brother. The only thing that will appease Calitri is if the order is fulfilled. So Memphis has to assemble his old crew, and he has to do the job in a few days. And a cop who hounded him, upon learning of his return, is keeping an eye on him. And another car thief, whom he competed with before wants to get the Calitri job, and is telling Memphis to back off, but he won't. rcs0411@yahoo.com Legendary car thief/booster Randall "Memphis" Raines retired from the criminal life in 1994. Now six years later after Auto Theft in the greater Los Angeles/Long Beach district went down by 47%, his brother, Kip Raines takes over "the job", employed by British car broker Raymond Calitri. When one night Kip messes up stealing some cars, Memphis gets called back to the life he got out of. His most impossible mission: Steal 50 exotic cars all over Los Angeles and Long Beach in just one night and deliver them to Long Beach Harbor, Pier 14 by 8:00am, Friday morning, on the button, or never see his brother again. And so Memphis and Kip, with the help of longtime friend Otto Halliwell reassembles his old crew which includes sexy Sara "Sway" Wayland", a renegade white-haired mechanic by day, bartender by night, to pull off the biggest mission ever. The only problem is the LAPD G.R.A.B. (Governor's Regional Auto-Theft Bureau). It's on the lookout and Det. Roland Castlebeck and his partner, Det. Drycoff are keeping close eyes on Memphis and his team. Can the team pull this assignment off and collect $200,000 in cash? Will Kip finally realize that car boosting is dangerous? And can Memphis escape Castlebeck and the cops? It's a long shot and it's going to be one hell of a long night, but they may have a chance. Cut to the chase. Christopher Howell (Ckh87520@aol.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Randall "Memphis" Raines, a notorious Los Angeles car thief, has left his life of crime behind him and gone straight, teaching Go-Kart Racing for kids in Central California. His younger brother, Kip Raines, has nevertheless followed in his footsteps and is in the midst of stealing 50 high-end cars for a British gangster, Raymond Calitri. One night after stealing a Porsche, Kip spies a beautiful woman in the passenger seat of another car, and to impress her, challenges her date to a race. This chase attracts the attention of the police, who follow Kip to the warehouse where the stolen cars are being stored. Kip and his gang flee from the police in time, but the boost is ruined, the cars are impounded and Calitri is infuriated. Calitri kidnaps Kip. Atley Jackson, Memphis' long-time friend, takes him to see Calitri, who threatens to kill Kip and Memphis if they don't steal the required 50 cars in three days, when they are due on a ship headed to South America. With no choice but to steal the cars, Memphis gathers a rag-tag crew of car thieves including Atley, autobody shop owner Otto Halliwell, DMV employee Donny Astricky, a mute mortician known as The Sphinx, and Memphis' ex-girlfriend, mechanic/bartender Sara "Sway" Wayland. Kip insists on helping with his young crew members Tumbler, Mirror Man, Freb, and Toby. They use Otto's shop as headquarters for the heist, and Toby hacks the DMV database to locate the cars on the list, which are all given female nicknames. The last car on the list, dubbed Eleanor, is a customized 1967 Mustang GT that has repeatedly brought trouble for Memphis. LAPD Detectives Castlebeck and Drycoff of the Governor's Regional Auto Theft Bureau investigate the case. At the abandoned warehouse, Castlebeck notices mysterious shattered glass. They hear Memphis is back in town and pay him a visit, but he claims he is merely visiting for a family emergency and will soon be leaving. The detectives remain suspicious. The three Mercedes impounded by the police all require laser-cut keys, which are impossible to clone. Drycoff discovers that all were purchased from a Newport dealer, Dressner Foreign Motors, which has only one ex-con working there, who happens to handle replacing lost keys from the manufacturer in Germany. They confront him and threaten to arrest him for grand theft auto unless he cooperates. He agrees to contact them if the person who paid him for the replacement keys returns, which he does, as they predict. The police set up surveillance on the three Mercedes. While parked in a minivan four doors down, Castlebeck and Drycoff spot the Raines brothers, who just take photos of the Mercedes in the driveway. The Raines brothers are accosted by some gang members who accused Memphis of stealing the job from Calitri. The brothers take shelter in a diner, where members of the California Highway Patrol are eating. Memphis distracts a truck driver while Kip chains his truck to the gang members' chassis. When he drives away, he pulls their car apart and they pull their weapons. The CHiPS run out and arrest the gang members for illegal guns. Freb, eager to prove himself, steals a 1983 Cadillac Eldorado when he spots it in a bad neighborhood with the keys left inside. Unfortunately, it turns out to be a car used by drug dealers and contains heroin in the trunk. Before they can get rid of the car, Castlebeck arrives at Otto's shop. He remarks that the other cars in the shop are classics and questions why anybody would invest money to restore an '83 Eldorado. While calling to check if the car had been reported stolen, Castlebeck notices that the call signs of the police units working that night are written down, indicating when their second heist is happening. Memphis is worried, realizing the police are breathing down their necks. The heist begins smoothly, and one by one, the cars are stolen and driven to the Long Beach Naval Shipyard, where they are immediately hidden in containers to be loaded onto the cargo ship. Castlebeck and Drycoff continue their surveillance on the three Mercedes and return to the parked minivan in the neighborhood, four houses down from the Mercedes. But they are forced to improvise when another minivan parks in the driveway next to them, blocking their view of the Mercedes, and they park their car closer. When Memphis arrives, he stops just before he opens the car door when he realizes the minivan from the photos is now two doors down, not four. Memphis calls Astricky, about to steal another Mercedes from outside the casino, and tells him the Mercedes are under surveillance. The whole deal will be off if they do not have every single car on the list. As they still have the replacement keys from the Mercedes impounded by the police, they decide to steal the cars from the police impound lot. Mirror Man causes a distraction and they successfully steal the three Mercedes. Detectives Castlebeck and Drycoff are told by a coworker from the Homicide Unit to back off Calitri, as he is under investigation for murder. A despondent Castlebeck receives a report from the lab about the shattered glass, identifying it as a black light. He and Drycoff go to the abandoned warehouse with functional black lights and discover the original list of cars. Knowing Memphis' past with Eleanor, Castlebeck realizes that the 1967 Mustang will be last on the list and their best chance for catching him in the act. Defying Memphis' orders not to deviate from the exact plan, Toby follows Kip and Tumbler to a suburban home where they plan to steal a Cadillac Escalade. Toby wanders outside the garage and is spotted by a young woman, who raises the alarm that the car is being stolen. A private security guard pursues them and fires at the SUV, wounding Toby. Atley takes Toby to a shady doctor he knows, who saves his life, no questions asked. Castlebeck and Drycoff arrive just as Memphis is boosting Eleanor, and begin a long pursuit through Long Beach. He manages to evade the police and arrives with a very beat up Eleanor shortly after the deadline of 8 p.m. Calitri refuses to take the car and instead orders his henchmen to kill Memphis, whose life is saved at the last minute by Kip and Atley. Memphis goes after Calitri and pursues him in a large warehouse at the Navy Yard, where Castlebeck and Drycoff join the pursuit, guns drawn. When Calitri corners Castlebeck and is about to kill him, Memphis arrives and saves Castlebeck's life by kicking Calitri, who falls over the railing several stories to his death. In gratitude, Castlebeck allows Memphis to leave, but first Memphis tells him where he can find the 49 boosted cars in the yard. Later, the gang gathers to celebrate with a barbecue at Otto's shop, where Kip presents Memphis with an old, rusted out "Eleanor" awaiting to be refurbished. 
 Varsity Blues (1999)431) A back-up quarterback is chosen to lead a Texas football team to victory after the star quarterback is injured. In small-town Texas, high school football is a religion. The head coach is deified, as long as the team is winning and 17-year-old schoolboys carry the hopes of an entire community onto the gridiron every Friday night. In his 30th year as head coach, Bud Kilmer (Jon Voight) is trying to lead his West Canaan Coyotes to their 23rd division title. When star quarterback Lance Harbor (Paul Walker) suffers an injury, the Coyotes are forced to regroup under the questionable leadership of John Moxon (James Van Der Beek), a second-string quarterback with a slightly irreverent approach to the game. "Varsity Blues" explores our obsession with sports and how teenage athletes respond to the extraordinary pressures places on them. Steven Chea <schea@mail.utexas.edu> In the small town of West Canaan, Texas, high school football is a way of life but for Jonathan "Mox" Moxon (James Van Der Beek). He has just about enough of it. Pressured by his father to play since childhood, he has barely ever seen some football action being a second string quarterback. But after the star quarterback, Lance Harbor (Paul Walker), is seriously injured, Mox is brought in to finish the season and win Coach Bud Kilmer's (Jon Voight) district championship. He begins to realize the toughness and hardship of being a starter, but with tough things comes rewards and to his surprise he finds out that him being a starter brings more than he can handle, like popularity, women, etc. jaydasnay88 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jonathan "Mox" Moxon (James Van Der Beek) is an academically gifted backup quarterback for the West Canaan High School football team. Despite his relative popularity at school, easy friendships with other players, and smart and sassy girlfriend, Jules Harbor (Amy Smart), Mox is dissatisfied with his life. He wants to leave Texas to go to school at Brown University. He also dislikes his football-obsessed father (Thomas F. Duffy) and dreads playing football under legendary coach Bud Kilmer (Jon Voight). Kilmer is a verbally abusive control freak whose philosophy can be summed up as "win at all costs". He has a strong track record as coach, remarking in a speech that "in my thirty years of coaching football at West Caanan, I have brought two state titles, and 22 district championships!" Kilmer's philosophy finally takes its toll on Coyotes' quarterback, Lance Harbor (Paul Walker). It is revealed that Lance, who is Mox's best friend, had been manipulated into taking cortisone shots into an injured knee that finally gave out on a huge sack. Lance is rushed to the hospital, where doctors are appalled at the massive amount of scar tissue found under his knee. Mox, who has accompanied Lance to the hospital, is shocked when Kilmer tells the doctor that he knew nothing at all about Lance's knee problems, when in fact Kilmer ordered the trainer to inject the shots. In need of a new quarterback, Kilmer reluctantly names Mox to replace Lance as captain and starting quarterback. The move brings unexpected dividends for Mox, one of them being Darcy Sears (Ali Larter), Lance's beautiful blonde cheerleader girlfriend, who is interested in marrying a football player in order to escape small-town life. Darcy even goes so far as to attempt to seduce Moxon, sporting a bikini made of whipped cream over her otherwise naked body, but he rebuffs her as gently as he can. Becoming fed up with Kilmer and not feeling a strong need to win, Mox starts calling his own plays on the field without Kilmer's approval. He also finally tells his football obsessed father off at one point screaming at him "I don't want your life!" Mox's father had been a football player at West Caanan, and although Kilmer dismissed him as a "no talent pussy" he did say that he at least listened (unlike Mox). Kilmer, who becomes aware that Mox has won a full scholarship to Brown, warns Mox that if he doesn't fall in line, he will alter his transcripts in order to reverse the decision on his scholarship. Another friend of Mox's, Wendell Brown, is injured on the field shortly thereafter. Kilmer manipulates Wendell into taking a shot of cortisone to deaden the pain from his injury, allowing him to continue even in the face of a permanent injury. Wendell, who is desperate to be recruited by a good college, grants his consent. At this moment, Mox tells Kilmer he'll quit the team if the needle enters Wendell's knee. Undaunted, Kilmer orders Charlie Tweeder (Scott Caan), a friend of both Mox and Wendell, to take the snaps. Tweeder refuses. Mox tells Kilmer that the only way they'll return to the field is without him. Realizing that he will be forced to forfeit the game, Kilmer loses control and attacks Mox. The other players break up the fight and then refuse to take to the field. Knowing his loss of control has cost him his credibility, Kilmer tries in vain to rally support and spark the team's spirit into trusting him, but not one player follows him out of the locker room. Kilmer continues down the locker room hall, and seeing no one following him, turns the other direction and into his office. The team goes on to win the game without his guidance. In a voice-over epilogue, Mox states that he "never played football again. Lance went on to a successful coaching career (he did not work at Wal-Mart as feared by Darcy), Wendell received a scholarship to Grambling, Billy Bob cried because he's a bit of a crier, Tweeder drank beer because, well...Tweeder drinks beers. Kilmer retired, never to coach football again. However, his statue still stands only because it was too heavy to move. I took the scholarship and will graduate from Brown University." 
 Ocean's Thirteen (2007)541) Danny Ocean rounds up the boys for a third heist after casino owner Willy Bank double-crosses one of the original eleven, Reuben Tishkoff. The last time we saw Danny Ocean's crew, they were paying back ruthless casino mogul Terry Benedict after stealing millions from him. However, it's been a while since they've come back together, which is all about to change. When one of their own, Reuben Tishkoff, builds a hotel with another casino owner, Willy Bank, the last thing he ever wanted was to get cut out of the deal personally by the loathsome Bank. Bank's attitude even goes so far as to finding the amusement in Tishkoff's misfortune when the double crossing lands Reuben in the hospital because of a heart attack. However, Danny and his crew won't stand for Bank and what he's done to a friend. Uniting with their old enemy Benedict, who himself has a vendetta against Bank, the crew is out to pull off a major plan; one that will unfold on the night Bank's newest hot spot opens up. They're not in this for the money, but for the revenge. mystic80 Danny Ocean's team of criminals are back and are composing a plan more personal than ever. When ruthless casino owner Willy Bank double-crosses Reuben Tishkoff, causing a heart attack, Danny Ocean vows that he and his team will do anything to bring Willy Bank and everything he's got down. Even if it includes hiring help from one of their own enemies, Terry Benedict. Film_Fan Danny Ocean's friend Reuben goes into business with Willy Bank, a ruthless casino owner, who then cuts Reuben out. Reuben then suffers a heart attack. Danny and the rest of his crew go to him. Danny gives Bank the opportunity to do what is right but when he refuses, Danny sets out to get him back by taking him down. He plans to make sure his new casino flops. He brings in tech wiz Roman Nagel to help crack the system at Bank's hotel. Eventually they discover that they need more money to pull it off, so Ocean turns to Terry Benedict, the casino owner, he once robbed, who agrees on the condition that he steal something important to Bank. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Reuben Tishkoff (Elliott Gould), in an attempt to legitimize himself in his later years, is conned by his business partner and ruthless businessman Willy Bank (Al Pacino). When Bank forces Tishkoff to sign over the ownership rights of the new hotel/casino they were building together, Reuben suffers a heart attack from the revelation and becomes bed-ridden. Danny Ocean (George Clooney) offers Bank a chance to set things right, given his long history in Las Vegas and the fact that he "shook hands with Frank Sinatra", but Bank refuses. Danny gathers up his partners-in-crime and plans to completely ruin Bank on the night of the opening of his new casino, "The Bank", as a way to get revenge for Reuben. They decide to do so in two ways. First, they plan to prevent Bank's new hotel from winning the prestigious Five Diamond Award from the Royal Review board, which Bank has already won four times before with other casinos. Saul Bloom (Carl Reiner) poses as the reviewer of the board and cons Bank into giving him V.I.P treatment while, the real reviewer (David Paymer), is treated as a V.U.P (Very Unimportant Person) during his stay, by Ocean's associates and paid staff members. They even push the insult to infecting him with skin disease and have him evicted from the hotel due to lack of hygiene. The second plan is to rig the casino's slot machines and other gambling games to force the hotel to pay out more than $500 million in winnings so Bank would be forced to cede control of the hotel to his board. They find a foil in their plan when they realize that most gamblers, not in on the plan, will simply bet their winnings again and lose it. They need a way to have people winning huge amounts of money and then leave. But their biggest concern is when they learn that "The Greco Player Tracker", a new state-of-the-art artificial intelligence system that ensures that all winnings are legitimate by measuring the players' biometric responses for authenticity, have been installed in Bank's casino. They call upon Roman Nagel (Eddie Izzard) to find a way to defeat it. Nagel tells them it is unbeatable unless they provide a giant magnetron or a natural disaster. They decide to go for both. Learning that Bank is seeking a new cell phone made out of gold, they use their connections to have the cell phone delivered to Bank with a magnetron, created by Nagel, hidden inside. To make sure Bank goes to the Greco's server room, Ocean's team acquires one of the giant drills used to bore the Channel Tunnel to simulate an earthquake under the hotel on its gala opening night. The fake earthquake also provides a solution to have gamblers leave the casino once their winning is done. While the group prepares the rigged games, they run into problems when the drill breaks. The group find themselves out of ressources and money and consider quitting when Linus Caldwell (Matt Damon), out of desperation, suggest they speak with Terry Benedict (Andy Garca). Ocean reluctantly approaches his nemesis to fund the purchase of the second drill. While Benedict has a grudge against Bank and is willing to help, he only offers Ocean the funds if they also steal the four diamond necklaces Bank has purchased everytime he won a Diamond Awards. They are currently on display in a secured case at the top level of the hotel. Ocean plans for Linus, disguised as an assistant to a powerful man, to seduce Bank's assistant, Abigail Sponder (Ellen Barkin), to gain access to the display and switch the diamonds with fake ones. On opening night, Ocean's plan is threatened when agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation show up, having been tipped off that machines have been rigged by Livingston Dell (Eddie Jemison), and have Livingston identified and arrested. Ocean knows Bank has an illegal access to FBI records and fears they're about to be revealed when he goes looking for Livingston's know associates. Basher (Don Cheadle) improvises a distraction for Bank long enough to allow the gang to hack into the FBI records and change them. Linus is about to succeed his part of the plan when the lead officer of the FBI walks in the room and arrest him. It turns out the FBI officer is Danny's friend and Linus's father, Bobby Calwell (Bob Einstein), who's in on Ocean's plan and there to help Linus swap the diamonds. As they exit to the roof of the hotel for extraction via helicopter, they are caught by Franois "The Night Fox" Toulour (Vincent Cassel), whom, under Benedict's orders, have been spying on the team all along and is there to intercept the diamonds. Linus hands over the diamonds to Toulour, who leaves by parachuting down from the roof. It is then revealed that Ocean was aware of Toulour's presence all along and that Toulour was given fake diamonds. Toulour throws away the diamonds, angry that Ocean and his crew has fooled him with a fake replica for the second time. Meanwhile, Linus and his father extract the entire display case from the hotel with the helicopter. The remainder of Ocean's plan continues as expected. The Greco is disrupted, guests leaves the hotel with their bountiful winnings while the helicopter flies away with the diamonds and the reviewer from the Royal Review Board informs Bank that he will not get a diamond award. As Bank realizes his defeat, Ocean lets him know that he's responsible for the whole thing and did it for Reuben. Bank tries to threaten Ocean but Ocean informs him that he knows the people Bank would hire to hurt Danny and they already like him a lot more than they like Bank. The group uses the money they made off with to buy property north of the Las Vegas Strip for Reuben to build his own casino. As punishment for Benedict's treachery, Ocean donates his portion of the take to charity, forcing Benedict to pretend philanthropy. As the group disperses on their own and considers settling down, Rusty ensures that the RRB reviewer is compensated for all his troubles by allowing him to win a $11 million jackpot at a rigged slot machine at the airport. 