nm0000611:

 Jurassic Park (1993)761) A pragmatic paleontologist touring an almost complete theme park on an island in Central America is tasked with protecting a couple of kids after a power failure causes the park's cloned dinosaurs to run loose. Huge advancements in scientific technology have enabled a mogul to create an island full of living dinosaurs. John Hammond has invited four individuals, along with his two grandchildren, to join him at Jurassic Park. But will everything go according to plan? A park employee attempts to steal dinosaur embryos, critical security systems are shut down and it now becomes a race for survival with dinosaurs roaming freely over the island. Film_Fan On Isla Nublar, a new park has just been built with genetically engineered dinosaurs. Tragedy strikes when one of the workers is killed by a velociraptor. The founder of the park, John Hammond, (Sir Richard Attenborough) requests Paleontologist Dr. Alan Grant (Sam Neill) and his assistant, Dr. Ellie Sattler (Laura Dern) to come to the park and ensure that it is safe. Also joining them are Hammond's lawyer Donald Gennaro (Martin Ferrero) and chaotician Dr. Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum). When they reach the island, they are amazed to discover that Hammond has created living dinosaurs. However, at the same time, they all have their doubts. Later, Hammond's grandchildren Lex and Tim (Ariana Richards and Joseph Mazzello) join the group in a tour of the park. Sattler leaves the tour to take care of an ill triceratops. Soon the power in the park is shut down by computer systems geek Dennis Nedry (Wayne Knight), who wishes to steal embryos from the park to sell to a secret buyer. In the process, many dinosaurs escape their paddocks, including the deadly Tyrannosaurus Rex, who, during a thunderstorm, escapes his paddock and attacks the children, and eats Gennaro. Malcolm is injured and Grant and the children are then lost in the park. Meanwhile, Hammond, Sattler, and the rest of the operations team learn that Nedry (who in the meantime has been killed) has locked up the computer system to cover his tracks. They attempt to get power back in the park in order to escape the island. After shutting down the system, then restoring it, the group realizes that velociraptors are also on the loose, and are now on the hunt for the visitors. ahmetkozan Paleontologists Alan Grant and Ellie Sattler and mathematician Ian Malcolm are among a select group chosen to tour an island theme park populated by dinosaurs created from prehistoric DNA. While the park's mastermind, billionaire John Hammond, assures everyone that the facility is safe, they find out otherwise when various ferocious predators break free and go on the hunt. Jwelch5742 In high hopes of putting the investors' minds at ease, John Hammond--the visionary billionaire entrepreneur, and founder of the bio-engineering company, InGen--calls in three experts to witness the wonders of the first-ever dinosaur preserve. There, in the isolated island of Isla Nublar, the visitors' wide-eyed excitement will soon turn into pure horror, when the palaeontologist, Dr Alan Grant, the palaeobotanist, Dr Ellie Sattler, and the cynical mathematician, Dr Ian Malcolm, come face-to-face with ferocious primaeval reptiles on the loose, after a devastating malfunction. Now, the ultimate apex-predator, the Tyrannosaurus Rex, is on the hunt for fresh meat. Can they escape from the terrors of Jurassic Park? Nick Riganas On a remote island, a wealthy entrepreneur secretly creates a theme park featuring living dinosaurs drawn from prehistoric DNA. Before opening the attraction to the public, he invites a top paleontologist, a paleobotanist, a mathematician/theorist, and his two eager grandchildren to experience the park, and help calm anxious investors. However, their park visit is anything but tranquil as the park's security system breaks down, the prehistoric creatures break out, and the excitement builds to surprising results. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story begins on Isla Nublar, a small island 120 miles off the coast of Costa Rica. A large group of construction workers and animal handlers offload a large container, the creature within unseen. During the process, the animal attempts to escape, an act which leads to a mass panic, and the death of one of the workers. The story jumps forward to an Amber mine in the Dominican Republic, where we learn that miners extracting amber are involved with a genetic-engineering company called InGen. We also learn that the death of the worker seen earlier has raised serious concerns about the safety of the island, according to Donald Gennaro, an InGen representative, and that the owner of the island is now seeking top scientific experts in the field to help endorse the park. While he speaks to the man in charge of the mine, Juanito, his crew finds a large chunk of amber with a preserved mosquito inside. At a paleontological excavation in Montana we are introduced to Dr. Alan Grant, and his assistant Ellie Sattler, as they slowly uncover the fossilized remains of a Velociraptor, perhaps nature's most lethal and cunning predator to date, a beautiful specimen evolved to kill. Part of Grant's research experiments with a new radiological device that shoots a probe into the dirt which bounces an image of an uncovered raptor skeleton back to a computer screen. Grant is hesitant about the new technology but seems fascinated with the image it produces without having to dig. He is also a follower of a long-held theory among paleontologists that dinosaurs evolved more from birds than reptiles. One of his assistants has brought along his son, who scoffs at the image on the screen, unimpressed with the fact that it looks like a dead turkey. Grant tells the kid a story about how velociraptors would hunt their prey with fast coordinated attacks. The boy is horrified when Grant explains that after their prey is brought down, velociraptors would often eat their prey alive. The dig is cut short by the sudden appearance of Grant and Sattler's main sponsor, the elderly and eccentric billionaire, John Hammond. He invites them over to endorse his latest project, a remote island resort, where he claims that their "unique biological attractions" are "guaranteed to drive children out their minds!" Alan and Ellie are reluctant to leave their dig but Hammond entices them by offering to fund their work for three more years. Grant and Sattler are accompanied by two other characters -- the equally eccentric chaos theorist Dr. Ian Malcolm, and the lawyer, Donald Gennaro, who represents Hammond's investors. As they arrive by helicopter, they are treated to a unique spectacle of living, breathing dinosaurs. Just the sight of these mighty beasts, a towering Brachiosaurus accompanied by a herd of Parasaurolophus, is enough to leave the stunned visitors breathless, save for Gennaro's offhand comment: "we're gonna make a fortune off this place...". Later, as they arrive at the island's central resort and control facility, the visitors are given a brief tour of the process that created the animals. InGen has succeeded in cloning animals from simple strands of DNA salvaged from mosquitoes that fed on dinosaur blood, and were preserved for millions of years inside fossilized amber. The group is shown the egg-incubation room, just in time to witness the birth of a baby Velociraptor, a sight that deeply disturbs Grant. He asks to see where the adults are housed. The special containment facility seen in the introduction, a fortress of electrified fences and dense foliage, all that separates the humans from the most dangerous creature on the island. Grant is witness to the daily feeding of the animals: a cow is lowered into the pit, only to be stripped clean within moments. The visitors (and the audience) is spared the gruesome sight of the carnage by a thick covering of jungle foliage... The group prepares to experience the theme park's central attraction, in which visitors embark on a safari-like tour of the park, on special electrified Ford Explorers. Grant, Sattler, Malcolm and Gennaro are accompanied by Hammond's two grand children: Lex and her little brother Tim. As the group heads off, Hammond settles into the main control room where his two computer experts, Arnold and Nedry, manage the complex infrastructure of the park. The tour is largely un-eventful: the Tyrannosaurus Rex and Dilophosaurus -two extremely dangerous carnivores- refuse to reveal themselves to the eager tourists. A sick triceratops is also encountered, tended to by the park veterinarians, whom Sattler leaves the group to help out with. An approaching tropical storm forces the tour to be cut short, as most of the staff leave by ship for the mainland. In the meantime, we learn the true colors of Nedry - he has been hired to steal dinosaur embryos for InGen's rival corporation, BioSyn. In order to steal the embryos, he shuts down security systems throughout the park, but this also causes the tour's electric cars to break down, and the electrified fences shut down, thus releasing the dinosaurs from containment. In the film's most thrilling sequence, a T-Rex escapes its enclosure and proceeds to wreck the tour vehicles. Gennaro is eaten, Malcolm is critically injured, but Grant manages to escape with the terrified children. In the meantime, a lost and confused Nedry, trying to hand over the stolen embryos to his contact, encounters a venom-spitting Dilophosaurus, and justice is dealt. Sattler and the Park Warden Muldoon arrive in a jeep at the site of the T-Rex attack to find the injured Malcolm and the remains of Gennarro, but everyone else has disappeared. The T-Rex returns to give chase to the jeep down the road in an exciting car chase of an action sequence, but the humans eventually manage to escape. Grant and the kids spend the night sheltering up a tree, and wake up to find a Brachiosaurus grazing nearby. Lex is initially frightened, but Grant reassures her (and the audience) that Brachiosaurs are peaceful herbivores, and that dinosaurs aren't monsters, they're just animals. Once more, we are given the opportunity to appreciate the beauty and majesty of these magnificent creatures. With Malcolm injured and park systems still offline, Arnold is forced to take drastic action and reset the system-an act that has the unintended consequences of freeing the vicious velociraptors from their enclosure. Arnold, Muldoon and Sattler attempt to restore power, only to have Arnold and Muldoon outsmarted and killed by the cunning creatures. Only Sattler manages to narrowly avoid getting killed. After witnessing a stampede of ostrich-like dinosaurs known as Gallimimus, Grant and the kids make it back to the main resort complex, only to find it abandoned. Grant leaves the kids in the main dining area, and tries to search for other survivors. In the meantime, Lex and Tim are cornered by a pair of raptors inside the main kitchen. In one of the most terrifying scenes in the entire film, the raptors stalk through the dark kitchen, searching for the kids. Eventually, Lex and Tim manage to lure one of the raptors into the freezer and lock it in, but the other raptor chases them out of the kitchen. Meeting up in the control room, Grant, Sattler, and the kids attempt to restore power and communications to the park, but are trapped in by the same raptor. In the nick of time, the security systems and phone lines are brought back online. Nevertheless, the raptors manage to break into the control room and gives chase to our heroes throughout the entire building. Eventually, our heroes are cornered by the last two raptors inside the main atrium. Just as all hope is lost, the T-Rex come crashing in and attacks the raptors, buying enough time for the small group of humans to escape. As the humans evacuate the island by helicopter, the T-Rex gives a final victory roar behind a falling banner proclaiming: "When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth". The ending scene is quite powerful and epic, and perfectly captures the spirit of the film in portraying dinosaurs as some of the most magnificent creatures to ever walk the Earth... 
 Tremors (1990)541) Natives of a small isolated town defend themselves against strange underground creatures which are killing them one by one. A small town gradually becomes aware of a strange creature which picks off people one by one. But what is this creature, and where is it? At the same time, a seismologist is working in the area, she detects _tremors_. The creature lives underground, and can 'pop up' without warning. Trapped in their town, the town-folk have no escape. Rob Hartill A group of people in a small peaceful town named "Perfection" located in Nevada. The peace becomes hysteria once people are being killed underground in mysterious ways. The town then investigates, and will do anything to protect their town and their selves. ksnyder19 Trying to escape their dead-end life in the desert town of Perfection, Nevada, Valentine "Val" McKee and Earl Bassett find themselves sidetracked when corpses mysteriously start piling up around them. When Val and Earl have a run-in with some creepy tentacled creatures that have made lunch out of a road crew, they retreat back to the town to spread the news. Although these monsters are not exactly intellectuals, their mental powers are still mind-boggling. Detecting a human hiding in a car, they dig under the vehicle, causing it to sink into the earth. Val and Earl get help from several townspeople. With the help of Rhonda, Val and Earl kill one of the monsters. But there are three of them left, and they are each about 30 feet long. Walter starts calling the monsters graboids. When the survivors think they have outwitted the graboids by taking refuge atop the roofs of buildings, the graboids merely destroy the buildings' foundations, killing two people. The graboids are quick learners when it comes to stalking their prey, and the humans must continually be on their toes if they are to stay alive while they try to find a way to defeat the graboids. Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Valentine "Val" McKee (Kevin Bacon) and Earl Bassett (Fred Ward) are two good-for-nothing odd-job workers. They usually mend fences and railings, help farmers in a sleepy town called Perfection, and take care of cows. They have the use of a down-trodden truck, and not much money to their names. The live near a dry dusty town, and are friends with most of the villagers. Perfection occupies a small part of dried-out Perfection Valley, surrounded by small mountains, except for a county road. Rhonda LeBeck (Finn Carter), is a university student which investigates earthquakes. She tells them that she's getting weird signs from their seismographs, but there were no earthquakes around. Val likes her, but prefers daydreaming about some playmate, so he doesn't ask the seismologist out. One day Val and Earl they find the town drunkard, Edgar, on the top of a electricity tower, dead, with a rifle in his hands. They start wondering whether he was so afraid of something that he preferred dying up there of thirst. They take him to the doctor who confirms that Edgar died of dehydration but leaves his death unsolved. Miguel, a local cattle rancher, also talks about how a good number of his herd disappeared without a trace. One night at the doctor's trailer, where he and his wife live while building a house, the doc hears a strange noise and sees a natural phenomenon like a steam vent spewing from the ground. He goes to investigate, thinking they may have discovered a natural gas pocket. Suddenly, the ground beneath him collapses and he's pulled forcibly down into the hole, screaming in pain while his wife tries to pull him out. She frantically digs in the ground and a snakey head pops up and hisses at her. She retreats to their car but whatever attacked her husband begins to pull the car under the surface. Disenchanted with the odd jobs they perform for the townsfolk, Val and Earl decide to collect their meager possessions and head out of town, even turning down a lucrative job from the local potter, Meghan, to build her a new ceramic oven, where she also offered them all the free beer they wanted. Heading out of town, they stop by Old Fred's farm and find he's been decapitated, his head lying half-buried under his Fedora. Thinking there may be a murderer on the loose. They also discover the doc's car when they hear the stereo still on and the headlights sticking up vertically. On the road they find it blocked by a small landslide. Assuming it was caused by the two road workers, they get out of their truck to yell at them and find the men's helmets lying in the road full of blood and slime. When they try to leave, Val back into a small ridge and gets stuck. They eventually shake the truck loose and head back into town. When they get there, they discover a long, snake-like appendage wound around the rear axle. The shopkeeper, mean Walter Chang (Victor Wong), lends them two horses so they can go and tell the county police, because all phone lines are cut, and there is no mobile phone network coverage on the area. Several people are not worried at all in spite of everything that's going on: dumb teenager Melvin Plug (Robert Jayne) mocks them, Burt and Heather Gummer (Michael Gross and Reba McEntire) have built themselves a nuclear refuge and crammed it with heavy weaponry, so they don't feel they need to have fear of anything. Val and Earl ride as fast as they can but their horses are suddenly spooked by some of the snakes. They run away on foot, but the creature runs after them. As they run, they try to jump across a concrete ditch; the creature chasing them suddenly hits the wall of the ditch, killing itself. At that moment, the seismologist shows up again. They discover that the creature stinks horribly, is several metres long, and that the snakes were a kind of tentacles protruding from its beaked mouth. Rhonda checks her seismographs, learning that there must be at least three more of those snake-mouthed monsters. When the three are going back to Perfection another of the creatures tries to capture them. They can only see a trail of dust flying as the monster swims invisible through the soft soil of the valley. This dust trail is going to be the sign that a critter is moving underground from now on. Val, Earl and Rhonda run for dear life and end up up to some tall rocks where the creatures cannot climb. They stay there, but the creatures are very patient. Finally, Rhonda devises a plan hey manage to climb from one rock to the other and to jump into their van, being closely followed by the hungry monsters. They deduce that creatures feel them because they can make sense of the noise humans make in the form of vibrations, either by simple movement or talking. Back to the drugstore, Walter decides to call the monsters graboids. Melvin is still mocking Earl and Val stupidly, but Val has to risk her life to save Mindy Sterngood (Ariana Richards), who had been hopping around with her headphones on, not listening to her mother Nancy (Charlotte Stewart)'s cries. When they think they have outwitted the graboids by taking refuge atop the roofs of buildings, the graboids destroy the buildings' foundations. The buildings are simple and fragile, completely made of planks of wood. A graboid manages to eat Walter, emerging from under the cheap wooden shopfloor. Another graboid eats Nestor (Richard Marcus), and one of them manages to destroy one of the underground walls of the Gummers, but they fight back with all their weaponry, finally killing the vicious creature. The survivors pick up a bulldozer and they try to run on it. They also go to pick up the Gummers, which have prepared many weapons. The graboids are highly intelligent, and they prepare a trap for the humans, which succeeds. They all have to run to some rocks. They wait there, surrounded by the graboids. They think of another plan. They throw dynamite to the animals, who swallow everything but are afraid of strong noises, which hurt their sensitive sense. The dynamite explodes within one of the critters, killing it. They try the same trick with the other graboid, but the remaining critter spits out the dynamite, and they have to run away from their safe hiding place. Val is on the open earth, so he is going to be detected and eaten by the surviving graboid. He decides to run, but the graboid is very fast. When Val is about to jump from a high cliff, he steps aside, but the graboid can't stop because of the distraction of their last dynamite blast, and falls from the cliff onto the void. They are happily alive, and Earl coaxes Val into asking Rhonda out. Val tries to fight it, because Rhonda is a university student with a brilliant future in front of her, and he has no prospects. Earl tells him that it's her who has to take a decision like that. The final scene shows some loose dirt moving on the dry soil of the valley, proving that there is at least one more ravenous creature alive. 
 Tremors 3: Back to Perfection (2001 Video)Summaries The now famous Burt Gummer returns to his hometown of Perfection, Nevada for the first time in years, but the deadliest Graboid evolution yet forces him to save the town he swore to protect. Third Tremors movie takes us back to the small Nevada town of Perfection where local resident and adventurer Burt Grummer returns after traveling abroad and killing carnivorous worms called "Graboids" (introduced in the first movie) and their offspring "Shriekers" (introduced in the second movie) to life in his home town and must deal with some crooked land developers, a thrill-seeking guy named Jack Sawyer looking for wealth in this potential tourist town, and eventually dealing with a new strain of Graboid worms that meta-morph into their second Shrieker phase, and whom unexpectedly morph into their third stage for another harrowing battle against Burt and Jack in the desert surrounding the town. matt-282 Burt Gummer returns home to Perfection, Nevada, from a trip to Argentina, where he wiped out a herd of Shriekers. Things are a little different in Perfection now -- the community has become something of a tourist attraction because of a battle against Graboids about 11 years ago. Nancy Sterngood and her 22-year-old daughter Mindy still live in Perfection. Burt's friend Miguel still calls Perfection home. Obnoxious Melvin Plug has moved into real estate, and he is now trying to build homes in Perfection. There are even Graboid comic books on the racks, and Safari Jack Sawyer takes families out on phony Graboid hunts for a few bucks. Burt's pretty disgusted by the whole thing. The Graboids haven't surfaced in Perfection since the battle from 11 years ago, but that hasn't kept Burt from slacking off. His home is like a fort, completely Graboid proof and Shrieker proof. But after 11 years, the Graboids and Shriekers have returned, but this time there's trouble. Government officials show up to protect the monsters, because Graboids are an endangered species. To further complicate things, the Shriekers evolve into a new kind of flying creature that can sense body warmth in much the same way the Shriekers can, and local store owner Jodi Chang, the niece of the late Walter Chang, calls them Ass Blasters. Burt unloads his arsenal of weapons to use against the monsters, and Jack and Jodi team up with him. But since these creatures can fly, and are each carrying a Graboid egg inside of it, Burt, Jack, and Jodi are going to have to watch every single step they take if they are going to stay alive long enough to stop the monsters. Todd Baldridge It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Lost World: Jurassic Park (1997)761) A research team is sent to the Jurassic Park Site B island to study the dinosaurs there, while an InGen team approaches with another agenda. A research team is sent to an island eighty-seven miles away from the previous home of Jurassic Park, to document and photograph the now liberated dinosaurs. However, InGen the BioEngineering company has sent another larger team to the same island to catch, sedate, and transport some dinosaurs to San Diego where they will be used in a new Jurassic Park location. But life always finds a way. Will both teams return to the mainland with successful findings? Or will another tragedy occur? Eric Four years after the total catastrophe in Jurassic Park (1993) , the now-humbled entrepreneur, John Hammond, wants to study the progress of the prehistoric living relics that roam free on the secluded island of Isla Sorna: InGen's dino-engineering Site B. Reluctantly, Dr Ian Malcolm joins the expedition in the reptile-infested locale, along with his palaeontologist girlfriend, Sarah Harding; the documentarian, Nick Van Owen, and the tech-expert, Eddie Carr, unbeknownst to them that Hammond's nephew, Peter, is hell-bent on capturing a wide array of primaeval species for his San Diego prehistoric zoo. However, who can harness the raw strength of the ultimate apex-predator, the Tyrannosaurus Rex? Nick Riganas Four years after the failure of Jurassic Park on Isla Nublar, John Hammond reveals to Ian Malcolm that there was another island ("Site B") on which dinosaurs were bred before being transported to Isla Nublar. Left alone since the disaster, the dinosaurs have flourished, and Hammond is anxious that the world see them in their "natural" environment before they are exploited. ahmetkozan With the apparent public discovery of the "Site B" production island full of dinosaurs, John Hammond assembles a team to visit and document the area before it is exploited by InGen. Included in the four person team are Dr. Ian Malcolm and his girlfriend, Dr. Sarah Harding. When the team reaches the island, they soon discover the presence of another group of people. This new group however are not there for biological data, but instead have something more sinister in mind. After a series of events, both groups become stranded when all their communication equipment is lost. It is then that the terror really begins as both groups scramble for their lives. P. Wong <pwong@nt.net> This movie picks up four years after the disaster at Jurassic Park. On a nearby island, dinosaurs have secretly survived and been allowed to roam free, but now there is a more ominous threat from InGen, a plan to capture and bring the dinosaurs to the mainland. John Hammond, who has lost control of his InGen company, sees a chance to redeem himself for his past mistakes and sends an expedition led by Ian Malcolm to reach the island before the mercenary team gets there. The two groups confront each other in the face of extreme danger and must team up for their own survival in a race against time. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with an incident on the island of Isla Sorna (code-named "Site B" by the InGen company), located in the vicinity of Isla Nublar, where the film "Jurassic Park" took place. A British couple has stopped along the coast to relax, and their daughter has gone off on her own. She soon encounters a group of Compsognathus or "Compies," that attack her, much to the shock of her family when they find her after hearing her scream loudly. The film then cuts to Ian Malcolm, who is called to the Mansion of John Hammond, the "former" head of InGen. Malcolm meets Hammond's grandchildren Lex and Tim there, whom he encountered on Isla Nublar in the first film. Malcolm also meets Hammond's nephew, Peter Ludlow, who has taken over InGen as its new Chief Executive Officer. Both trade barbs over the aftermath of the incidents at Jurassic Park, with Malcolm chastising Ludlow for covering up what really happened, and Ludlow claiming Malcolm went public telling stories (of which Malcolm counters he told the truth but took no payment for what he revealed). Malcolm then is allowed to visit Hammond, who is now bed-ridden. Malcolm is soon shocked when Hammond tells him about Site B. Isla Nublar was the location for Jurassic Park, but Site B was where the animals were originally created and bred. However, in the aftermath of Hurricane Clarissa, Site B was evacuated and the animals let loose to roam free, with them inhabiting an environment free of human interference. This shocks Malcolm as he had assumed that the dinosaurs should have died, since they were bred with a lysine deficiency, that needed to be supplied by medical means. Hammond explains he has no idea why they are still alive, and shocks Malcolm when he explains that a research team has been recruited to conduct studies on this subject, and that brings him to Malcolm, who Hammond wants to be the 4th member of the team. Hammond then explains that after the incidents at Jurassic Park, InGen has been on the verge of Chapter 11 bankruptcy for some time, with the Board wanting to exploit the remaining dinosaurs on Site B for profit purposes. Hammond was able to keep them from doing so until the incident with the British Family. After this, control of InGen was taken away from Hammond, and he explains that his plans for the research team are seen as a possible deterrent for whatever his nephew Peter has planned. Malcolm (of course) refuses Hammond's offer, and plans to make sure that the research team does not set foot on the island. However, he soon finds that his former girlfriend Sarah Harding (Julianne Moore) has already arrived, with the additional members to meet her in 3 days. Malcolm then leaves planning to rescue Sarah from Site B. Malcolm's next stop is a garage owned by Eddie Carr (Richard Schiff), who has been prepping vehicles and equipment for the expedition. Malcolm also meets Nick Van Owen (Vince Vaughan), who was planning to take video and photographic footage for Hammond's expedition. Malcolm is soon after joined by his daughter Kelly (Vanessa Lee Chester). Kelly wants to come along on the expedition, but Malcolm explains she can't go, and the two have a small altercation before Malcolm sends her on her way, telling her 'not to listen to him.' Malcolm, Eddie and Nick transport two Mercedes SUV's and a modified RV to Costa Rica, and then head to Site B. However, the ferryman refuses to weight anchor near the islands, claiming that some people wandered too close to the island chain and were never heard from again. Through translation, Nick explains that the islands are known as Los Cinco Muertes ("The Five Deaths"). Once on the island, Eddie, Malcolm and Nick locate Sarah using a homing beacon on her backpack. They encounter her taking pictures of a herd of Stegosaurus, with Sarah seeming to be perfectly fine. Shortly after meeting up with her, smoke can be seen from the direction of the RV, and the group finds that Kelly has stowed away. This surprise is short-lived as suddenly, a fleet of InGen helicopters can be seen flying in vehicles and equipment. The team is headed up by Peter Ludlow, and led by Roland Tembo, a big-game hunter who is leading the expedition to round up various dinosaurs for InGen. After the capture assignment is completed, Roland heads off to try and kill a Tyrannosaurus Rex, which he considers his fee for the assignment. Roland instead finds an infant Tyrannosaur, and has it chained, with the hope that its cries will bring its parents back. Meanwhile, Ludlow has arranged a satellite uplink to InGen's boardroom, where he is attempting to drum up a sales pitch for InGen's latest plan to get itself out of Chapter 11: take John Hammond's dream of a Jurassic Park, but build it in a more convenient place. Ludlow tells of his dream for Jurassic Park: San Diego, when suddenly, the encampment is attacked by the dinosaurs that were caged moments ago (having been freed by Nick Van Owen and the others). On his way back to the RV, Nick finds the infant Tyrannosaur, and noting that it seems injured, talks Sarah into taking it back to the RV to be mended. Once back at the RV, Kelly notes that the Rex is making sounds that could attract other animals. Wanting to be somewhere safe, Malcolm has Eddie take Kelly into a special perched cage high up in the trees some ways off. As they look out over the trees, a familiar sound reaches Malcolm's ears, and he then heads back to the RV. Soon after, the Tyrannosaurs come for their infant, and it is returned to them. However, they then proceed to push the RV off the nearby cliffside. Eddie heads to their rescue and manages to save Malcolm, Sarah and Nick, but not before he is eaten by the Rexes. The group soon meets up with Ludlow and Roland's groups, and now have to work together to get off the island. The only way to radio for communications now is at the main facility in the interior of the island. Ludlow warns them that it will be dangerous, because of scans having shown that Velociraptors are located in the island interior. The group then sets out for the interior of the island. One evening, very close to their destination, the T-Rexes happen to find them. As the female chases after one group, Roland attempts to kill the male. However, he soon finds that someone has removed the shells from his gun, and he instead uses tranquilizers to take down the male. In the confusion, some men scatter into a field of tall-grass, where they are taken down by velociraptors hiding in the field. Malcolm, Kelly, Sarah and Nick end up making their way to the abandoned main facility. While Nick radios for a rescue team, Malcolm, Sarah and Kelly end up trying to fend off a group of raptors that have chased them into the facility. They manage to escape (along with Nick) when a helicopter arrives at the facility. As the helicopter takes off, they see that a group has also come for Roland, Peter Ludlow, and some of the remaining survivors. The crew has also had a giant cage rigged to transport the tranquilized male T-Rex to a waiting ship. Both groups arrive in San Diego, California, where Malcolm and Sarah quickly head to InGen's waterfront facility, where Ludlow has arranged a last-minute press conference to herald the arrival of the male T-Rex as the main attraction for the still-in-construction Jurassic Park: San Diego. However, instead of going smoothly, the ship the creature is on crashes into the docks. Ludlow, Malcolm, Sarah and some workers go aboard, only to find dismembered pieces of the crew, and the cage with the Rex broken apart. Suddenly, the doors to the cargo hold burst open, and the male T-Rex emerges, making his way off the ship and into the city of San Diego. Sarah and Malcolm soon find a surviving crew member who explains that after they were in transport of the T-Rex, it stopped breathing, so an additional drug was given. However, being unfamiliar with the T-Rex, proper dosage was not known. Because of this, the animal is dehydrated. Sarah figures that the T-Rex will first find water and then look for food. They receive word that Ludlow brought the infant Tyrannosaur as well, and transported it in his personal jet to the still-in-construction park. The two head there to retrieve it, in hopes to use it to lure the T-Rex back to the docks. After recovering the infant, the two find the T-Rex rampaging through the city. upon hearing and smelling the infant, the t-Rex follows the Malcolm and Sarah back to the docks. Ludlow, upon hearing what has happened, orders that the adult male be shot, and that the infant be recovered. When he sees Malcolm and Sarah carrying the infant to the cargo ship, he quickly follows, only to find the infant in the cargo hold. Ludlow attempts to lure the infant out, but soon after, the adult male enters the hold, and injures Ludlow, before allowing the infant to kill him. Sarah then launches a tranquilizer dart at the T-Rex, which subdues it as Malcolm closes the hold's doors. In the aftermath, the Navy and a new crew escort the ship back to Isla Sorna, as Malcolm and Sarah rest in front of the TV. John Hammond also releases a statement requesting that with InGen's secret island of dinosaurs now being realized, that Costa Rica help establish the island as a nature preserve, to keep humans from setting foot on it. 