nm0000240:

 Scream (1996)761) A year after the murder of her mother, a teenage girl is terrorized by a new killer, who targets the girl and her friends by using horror films as part of a deadly game. A year after her mother's death, Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) and her friends started experiencing some strange phone calls. They later learned the calls were coming from a crazed serial killer, in a white faced mask and a large black robe, looking for revenge. His phone calls usually consist of many questions, the main one being: What's your favorite scary movie? Along with much scary movie trivia, ending with bloody pieces of innocent lives scattered around the small town of Woodsboro. Joss Oran A teenage girl becomes the target of a killer who has stalked and killed one of her classmates. A tabloid news reporter (insisting that the man who raped and killed Campbell's mother one year earlier is innocent) is determined to uncover the truth. Campbell's boyfriend becomes the prime suspect. Robert B. DeSalvo <rdesalvo@earthlink.net> A peaceful town in California turns into a bloodbath when a masked killer haunts the town. Sidney Prescott, a young teenage girl, whose mother was killed a year before, becomes the target of the mask killer! Her boyfriend Billy Loomis becomes the main suspect along with Sidney's father. Local Tabloid News Reporter Gail Weathers and Woodsbroro's Deputy Dwight "Dewey" Riley investigate and try to figure out who the killer is and if it's the same person who killed Sid's mom the year before! Momoseeko12 One year after Sidney's moms death, more killings start to occur. Their only clue is a ghost mask. A local tabloid reporter, Gale Weathers is on the case to find out who the killer is. She tells Sidney that it could possibly be the same man that killed her mom one year earlier. When the night comes, she will see who the person is behind the mask. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> After an anonymous killer guts two high school lovers, a mysterious rise in fear and rumors rise in a peaceful Californian town. A killer starts killing high school teenagers, with a young teenage girl, an eccentric and dramatic cop, and a selfish and ambitious reporter trying to investigate the murders. A strange number of events starts to happen around Woodsboro and the people of the small town, including a group of high school friends, an accused killer, a suspicious boyfriend and, of course, the mysterious killer with a ghost face mask. Suspenseful, clever, and a little gory. tatersaladmercer Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with young Casey Becker (Drew Barrymore) recieving phone calls from an unidentified caller. At first it seems as if he has gotten a wrong number, but it soon becomes clear he is toying with her, and his voice gets more and more threatening. Casey becomes frightened when she realizes her caller can see her. She begins to panic when the caller threatens to kill her, and forces her to answer movie trivia in exchange for her life and the life of her boyfriend, Steve, who she sees tied up on her back patio. After killing Steve, the caller torments Casey until finally breaking into the house and chasing her; he is dressed in a black costume with a white ghost mask over his face. He chases her across her lawn just as her parents pull up into the driveway. They do not see her, and Casey is stabbed in the chest, unable to scream. After killing Casey, the murderer strings up her body in the back yard for the parents to discover. We then meet Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) and her boyfriend Billy Loomis (Skeet Ulrich). Billy sneaks into her bedroom window and attempts to have sex with her, but Sidney is unsure and wants to remain a virgin for now. They are almost discovered by Sidney's father, Neil (Lawrence Hecht), and he comes into Sidney's room to discuss the fact that he is going out of town. We learn that Sidney's mother was killed almost one year before, and that Sidney and her father are alone. Sidney's testimony identified Cotton Weary (Liev Schreiber) as the killer, although Cotton swears that he is innocent. The next day, Sidney's school is abuzz with news of the murder, and classes are temporarily cancelled. Sidney decides that since her father is gone and she is alone, she is going to stay with her her best friend Tatum (Rose McGowan). Sidney, Tatum, and BIlly sit with their group of friends, which includes Randy (Jamie Kennedy), who is obsessed with horror movies, and Stu (Matthew Lilliard), a class clown type who used to date Casey Becker. Sidney goes home to wait for Tatum to pick her up. The phone rings and she hears a strange voice, the same one that was on the phone with Casey. At first she thinks it is Randy joking around, but the caller turns abusive and brings up Sidney's mother. "Do you wanna die, Sidney? Your mother sure didn't!" The killer emerges from a closet in Sidney's house and a chase starts through out the house and Sidney locks herself in her bedroom and dials 911. Then Billy arrives, climbing through Sidney's window again, and a cell phone falls out of his pocket. Sidney realizes that it may have been him phoning her and she runs downs stairs and out of the house only to be greeted by the police. She is taken to the police station along with Billy, where he is questioned. At the police station, Sidney meets Dewey (David Arquette), Tatum's older brother and the town deputy, who is considered a dolt. Outside the police station, she is confronted by nosy reporter Gail Weathers (Courtney Cox), the writer of an expose about the murder of Sidney's mother. Gail feels that Cotton Weary was wrongfully convicted, and now Gail is following up a story about the murder of Casey Becker; she feels the murders are connected. Tatum takes Sidney to her house, where she recieves another phone call from the killer, who tells her "You got the wrong guy, Sidney...again." The next day at school, Sidney is threatened by the killer while she is in the bathroom, but she escapes. School is over and a curfew is in place, so the group of friends decide to throw a party. Gail Weathers takes a cameraman to the party in an attempt to talk to Sidney, but Dewey intercepts her. The two of them talk and seem to have a mutual affection for one another. They enter the party and Dewey chooses not to bust the partygoers for underage drinking. During the party Billy and Sidney go upstairs and Sidney has sex with him. Meanwhile, Tatum is murdered in the garage by the killer, who has infiltrated the party after all. After the interlude between Sidney and Billy, the door opens and in walks the killer, who stabs Billy in the back. Another chase starts. Dewey is stabbed. Gale, in her newsvan, swerves to avoid hitting Sidney and runs her car down a hill, striking a tree and appearing to be killed. Sidney ends up in the house facing Randy and Stu, both claiming the other is the killer. Stu is vying to come inside and obtain the gun, while Randy wants to leave. Eventually Billy stumbles down the stairs, bloodied, and lets Randy and Stu into the house, shooting Randy and turning to reveal that the blood is fake; Billy was only pretending to be stabbed. He was aided by his accomplice, Stu; both of them are the killers. Billy also reveals that he was responsible for killing Sidney's mother, who had an affair with his father. Billy blamed Mrs. Prescott for the dissolution of his parents' marriage, and murdered Mrs. Prescott out of revenge. Billy and Stu also reveal that they have kidnapped Mr. Prescott, who is tied up in a closet. They have framed Mr. Prescott for the murders, and intend to wound themselves to make it look as if Mr. Prescott attacked them, at which point they will kill both him and Sidney. Billy and Stu inflict flesh wounds on one another with the knife, but they are interrupted by Gail Weathers, who returns, armed with Dewey's gun. Gail forgets to switch off the gun's safety, and a struggle ensues. Sidney strikes back at her tormenters, killing Stu with a television and shooting Billy in the head with the gun. Dewey is revealed to be alive, as is Randy. All ends well as Gale reports that the Macher house has been the scene of what seemed to be some real-life scary movie. 
 The Craft (1996)541) A newcomer to a Catholic prep high school falls in with a trio of outcast teenage girls who practice witchcraft, and they all soon conjure up various spells and curses against those who anger them. A new girl moves to a new city with her family to start a new life. She meets up with the girls who are very interested in the occult and together, the four of them have a seemingly unstopable power. They can do anything, from getting thier dream guys to like them to... the possibilities are limitless. Lisa Buckley <buckley@idirect.com> Four girls at a Los Angeles Catholic school form a coven of witches that cast spells on their classmates and each other. Their new powers overwhelm them, leading to an internal power struggle. Ben Combee <combee@techwood.org> Sarah Bailey, a sixteen year old troubled teenager with a painful past and a history of suicidal tendencies and hallucinations, moves to L.A. with her father and stepmother to start a new life - and is enrolled into a Catholic school. It is at school that she comes into contact with three unlikely friends, Nancy, Bonnie and Rochelle, all who are socially outcast with various problems in their lives that they wish they could fix. Nancy, Bonnie and Rochelle dabble in occult practices, and when they notice Sarah has the powers of a natural witch, they talk her into joining their coven. When Sarah joins, they soon realize that with a fourth witch in the coven they can begin to cast spells they couldn't before, and begin to amend all the things wrong in their lives - but like everything else in life - things come with a price. Dismal Angel Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sarah Bailey (Robin Tunney), a troubled teenage girl who has previously attempted suicide, has just moved from San Francisco to Los Angeles with her father (Cliff De Young) and stepmother. She enrolls in a local Catholic high school, but has trouble fitting in. During French class, her classmate Bonnie (Neve Campbell) witnesses Sarah telekinetically causing a pencil to rotate while standing on its tip. During lunch, Sarah is hit on by Chris (Skeet Ulrich), the school's football star. She asks about Bonnie and her two friends Nancy (Fairuza Balk) and Rochelle (Rachel True). Chris tells Sarah to stay away from the trio, because "they're witches". Bonnie tells Nancy and Rochelle that Sarah is the "fourth" who will complete their circle and make a full coven. The three girls each have issues: Nancy lives in a trailer with her mom, Grace Downs (Helen Shaver) and abusive stepfather Ray (John Kapelos) , Bonnie has massive burn scars all over her back, and the painful treatment recommended by the surgeon (Brenda Strong) is likely to fail. Insecure African American athlete Rochelle is subjected to racist taunts by the most popular girl in school, blonde Laura Lizzie (Christine Taylor). After school, the three girls befriend Sarah and take her to an occult shop. The owner, Lirio (Assumpta Serna), comments that Sarah is not like the other girls and says to her: "Maybe you are a natural witch; your power comes from within." While leaving the shop, Sarah is harassed by a vagrant (Arthur Senzy), and all four girls simultaneously will for something to happen; the vagrant is then hit by a car. The girls escape, and Nancy is thrilled at their "connection". Nancy tells Sarah about "invoking the Spirit" Manon, which is their ultimate goal as a coven. Sarah leaves the girls to meet Chris, but refuses to have sex with him. However, at school the next day, Sarah discovers that Chris boasted to the whole school that they slept together, and that she was the worst he's ever had. Nancy, Bonnie and Rochelle comfort Sarah, and invite her on a field trip. They take the bus out to the country. The bust drivers tells them to be careful about wicked boys, but they say that they four are the dangerous ones. While on the countryside, they call the corners and cast some spells: Rochelle asks for the strength not to hate those who hate her, Sarah performs a love spell on Chris, Bonnie asks for beauty inside and out, and Nancy asks for "all the power of Manon." Shortly after the spells are cast, they show signs of working: Chris becomes infatuated with Sarah and goes after her constantly in spite of his friends Mitt (Breckin Meyer) and Trey (Nathaniel Marston) taunting him about it, Bonnie's scars miraculously heal, and the next time Laura bullies Rochelle, Laura's hair begins falling out. At home, Nancy causes the microwave and all light bulbs to explode, and Ray suffers a massive heart attack and dies. Then Nancy and her mother are told by the insurance man (Brogan Roche) that they have inherited $175,000 from an insurance policy, and they feel overjoyed about it. Nancy and her mother move into a posh high-rise where the girls meet one night and learn disguise-changing magic. Nancy's mother looks confused and dazzled. She has bought a weird-coloured sofa and a jukebox with only songs by Connie Francis. The four friends lock themselves in Nancy's room ignoring Nancy's mother, who is left empty and ignored, just as she felt before cashing in on the insurance money. The girls go to Lirio's shop again, where Nancy finds a book about "Invoking the Spirit". Later that night, the girls go to the beach and form a circle, calling on Manon. At the culmination of the spell Nancy is struck by lightning. The next day the rest of the girls witness Nancy walking on the water, and from this point on, Nancy's powers have increased. Later on, Rochelle sees a balding Laura in the locker room, hysterically sobbing after swim practice. Laura's two closest friends (Elizabeth Guber and Jennifer Greenhut) try to offer some consolation, to no avail. Rochelle feels remorse for the spell she has cast and when she looks in the mirror at herself, her reflection looks away. Sarah's love spell also backfires on her. She finally accepts to have a dinner date with Chris, but he takes her to the top of a hill and attempts to rape her. Sarah runs away and knocks on Nancy's door. Nancy leaves her home for a party Chris is attending in order to punish him. However, when she arrives to the party, she tries to seduce Chris by disguising herself as Sarah, but when the real Sarah arrives as they engage in foreplay, Nancy causes Chris to fall out a third-story window, killing him. On consequence of this, Sarah starts having nightmares concerning her old friends, and feels like they're following her everywhere to torment her. She tries to stop Nancy - who has become the leader of the three remaining coven witches - by binding her powers so that she won't be able to hurt other or herself, but this does not work and the three other coven girls now hate Sarah. Nancy appears and tells Sarah that in the old days, if a witch betrayed her coven, they would kill her. Needing help, Sarah goes to Lirio, who tells her to invoke the spirit herself. Lirio also reveals that Sarah's mother was a powerful witch, and that her talent has passed on to Sarah. Sarah starts to invoke Manon, but she has a vision of fire and the shop exploding, so she leaves the shop absolutely terrified.. Sarah returns home, where she is tormented by Nancy, Bonnie and Rochelle, who taunt her using magic and intimidate her with threats on her life. Sarah arrives home and nobody is there. She is instructed to turn on the TV set and listens that her family went back to San Francisco thinking that she had run away there, and that their plane had had an accident without any survivors. Without a second of rest, all kinds of snakes and worm appear everywhere. The three other coven girls then appear. After a few seconds of intimidation Nancy says that Sarah will commit suicide. Nancy later slashes Sarah's wrists and a letter on Sarah's handwriting stating the reasons of her suicide magically appear - blaming herself for Chris' death. Sarah runs to her room, while Nancy, Bonnie and Rochelle wait for her to die. Rochelle then tells Nancy that this has gone out of hand. Nancy tells her to go upstairs to check on Sarah and threatens to slit her throat if she doesn't. Bonnie pulls up Rochelle to Sarah's room. Sarah is almost too weak to invoke Manon, but then she hears her mother (Janet Eilber) moving in an old photograph and her sweet voice whispering, "Don't be afraid. Reach inside yourself". Sarah successfully invokes Manon and is able to cast spells to fight back, as well as heal the injuries to her wrists. Forced by a counter spell of Sarah's to see themselves and what they've become by catching their reflections in a mirror, Bonnie's face horribly scarred and Rochelle's hair falling out, Bonnie and Rochelle flee, leaving only Nancy and Sarah at home. Nancy and Sarah have a showdown, in which Nancy is ultimately defeated by Sarah as she binds Nancy's power to prevent her from doing any more harm. In the end, Nancy has been sent to a psychiatric hospital, and Bonnie and Rochelle lose any powers they had. They go to see Sarah and half-mockingly tell her not to be angry with them because when Sarah was made to believe that her family had died it was just an illusion. Sarah's father is packing everything in his car to move out of LA. The two girls ask Sarah if she still has any powers, and when she shows no interest in continuing a friendship with the two girls who tried to kill her, they make fun of her as they leave, saying, "She probably doesn't have powers, anyway". On hearing this Sarah makes a bolt of lightning strike causing a tree branch to fall, nearly crushing the two girls, revealing that she still has powers. As they stare back at her in shock, Sarah warns them, "Be careful. You don't wanna end up like Nancy", and smiles. The scene cuts to a bird's eye view of Nancy's room in the psychiatric hospital. She is screaming like a maniac, telling the nurse (Esther Scott), "He gave me powers! I can fly, I'm flying, I'm flying, I'm flying!" 
 Into the West (2005)Summaries Tales from the American West in the 19th century, told from the perspective of two families, one of white settlers and one of Native Americans. An epic tale of two figures during the American colonization of the west, one white and the other Native American. Jacob Wheeler leaves his dull life behind to strike out west, while Loved By the Buffalo faces his destiny to try to fight a prophecy that his people will be wiped out by the settlers. Jacob marries Loved By the Buffalo's sister Thunder Heart Woman, uniting the two families while around them relations between the two races crumble. rmlohner It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Armored (2009)431) A newbie guard for an armored truck company is coerced by his veteran coworkers to steal a truck containing $42 million. But a wrinkle in their supposedly foolproof plan divides the group, leading to a potentially deadly resolution. The war veteran, Ty Hackett, is hired to work as security guard by the Eagle Shield Security where his old friend Mike Cochroone works. Ty is having financial difficulties after the death of his father, and is raising his brother Jimmy alone. He teams up with Mike's brother-in-law, Baines, and their coworkers Quinn, Palmer and Dobbs. One night, Mike invites Ty to join in the robbery of two armored trucks transporting forty-two million dollars. The reluctant Ty accepts after Mike promises that nobody would be hurt in the heist. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Mike Cochroone works as security guard in an armored cars company with an eye for the loopholes. When fellow veteran Ty Hackett, whom he got engaged there, is in deep financial trouble to keep his home and raise wayward orphan teen kid brother Jimmy, Mike presses whole team, including brother-in-law Baines, to go along with a daring plan to rob their own two cars when the load is forty-two million dollars in cash. It starts well, despite hesitations from some whether to turn to crime, even 'victimless' as insured. But unformed zealous guard Eckehart on the abandoned industrial lot they planned to hide is on their trail, and one of them looses his nerve and shoots the young man. Cahoots who didn't sign up for murder get serious second thoughts, leading to division, when even locks himself up with Eckehart in an armored car, forcing the others to turn on them by any means before the game is given away as the police can't take too long to find missing Eckehart. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Early morning, Ty Hackett (Columbus Short) is getting ready for work. He wakes up his younger brother, Jimmy (Andre Kinney), and tells him to get ready for high school. Ty is a war hero, having earned the Silver Star in Iraq. Both his parents recently died and left him with the mortgage and Jimmy to look out for. Ty is picked up by Mike Cochrane (Matt Dillon), and they carpool to work at the Eagle Shield Armored Truck Co. At work, the security team meets for the morning briefing with Chief Ashcroft (Fred Ward). They get their assignments and Ty, Mike and Baines (Laurence Fishburne) go to a bank. They pick up the money and on the way back, Baines notices a black van following them. The truck stalls in a small underpass and they have no radio reception due to the location. Mike says he smells sugar and they worry that someone has sabotaged the truck as they desperately try to restart it. Ty is in the back with the money and sees a black van speeding towards them. The van stops, and masked men get out and attach an explosive device on the back of the armored truck. Ty is scared and braces for the explosion, which turns out to be just a bottle rocket. Mike and Baines laugh hysterically, and the men remove their hoods: it was Tys final test and now he is a full-fledged guard. The guys go out for drinks to celebrate. While drinking, they tell him a story about a hijacked armored truck in Abilene years ago where they got away with $4 million; the thieves were never caught and the money was never found. At work, Ty asks Ashcroft for extra shifts; he is in jeopardy of losing his house to the bank. Mike tells him that theyll figure out something, and that he is like family to him. While they are driving, Mike talks again about the Abilene heist, and tells him that he thinks it was a fake-that the guards took the money. They go for dinner at a hot dog stand, and local Sheriff Eckehart (Milo Ventimiglia) is there. Mike tells Ty that tomorrow they will probably be carrying $42 million in their truck. Ty asks if he thinks they might get jacked and Mike says yes. He tells him that the other four guys on the team are in, and they are going to jack the entire $42 mil, and pretend they were hijacked. Ty tells him hes crazy and wants no part of it. Mike tells him to sleep on it, and if hes in, to be at the bus stop in the morning. Ty is in shock at the idea of robbing the company and refuses a ride, and runs the whole way home. Once home, Ty is met by a lady who works for Child Protective Services. Jimmy has skipped more school than hes attended, and she is thinking of removing Jimmy from Tys care and putting him in foster care, especially when she hears they may lose the house. The next morning, Mike is at the bus stop and waits for Ty to show up, but he never does. In the locker room, no one speaks, but by showing up without Ty, they know he is out and they are worried about their plan. Suddenly, Ty shows up, and they smile. At their lockers, Ty makes Mike promise that no one will get hurt, because he cant go to jail and leave Jimmy, and that he cant have any more blood on his hands. Mike promises. The two trucks go the bank, and each has three agents: one team is Mike, Baines and Ty, and the other truck has Quinn (Jean Reno), Palmer (Amaury Nolasco), and Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich). The money is divided into the two trucks, while be guarded by heavily armed guards. The two trucks drive off and radio in at the checkpoint. Ashcroft OKs the position and expects them in 51 minutes. The trucks pull into an abandoned steel mill, which is full of old buildings and smokestacks. It is next to electrical transformers and they lose radio contact due to interference. Inside, they park the trucks and unload the money. They put it in duffel bags and then down deep in one of the smokestacks. They see someone outside move past a window, and chase him. It is an old homeless man, and when they chase him up the catwalk, he is shoved and falls. Ty rushes down, and sees he isnt dead, and drags him towards a truck. Baines shoots the homeless man in the back. Ty is furious, and said he could have survived if hed gotten medical care. Mike is angry at Baines for shooting him, but realizes they had no other choice. Ty runs to one of the trucks, and locks himself in. Mike tries to talk Ty into opening the truck doors, but Ty wont and then drives off. Mike takes the other truck and follows him in a high-speed chase through the steel mill. Mike finally gets ahead and rams Tys truck. The trucks crash. Ty turns on the siren, and Mike fumbles with the hood and then pulls out the fuse, turning off the siren. Meanwhile back at the hot dog stand, Sheriff Eckehart hears a faint siren, and goes to investigate. Mike and the gang realize Ty isnt coming out, and they only have 40 minutes left, so they plan to pound the bolts on the hinges of the armored trucks back doors, until they release, and break into Tys truck. They will kill Ty and tell the cops he died a hero trying to stop the hijacking. They begin hitting the thick steel hinges, and they hardly budge. The guys take turns swinging the hammer at the hinges, switching off when they tire. Ty whispers to Dobbs while the others are hitting the hinge, and gets him to help him. Dobbs tries to get the fuse from the other truck to give to Ty, and Baines catches him. He beats up Dobbs and then pours gas all over the engine. Before he lights it, Mike stops him and tells him it is a stupid idea, because if the truck burns, so does the money. Palmer walks with Dobbs and they talk, and Dobbs thinks all is ok, and then Palmer stabs him. Sheriff Eckehart drives around the lot, and loses radio contact. Before he can enter the building and catch them, Mike comes out, and tells him he is the security guard for the property and also the handyman. Ty has an idea, and tries to hook up the siren with parts from other equipment in the truck, so the sheriff will hear it. As the sheriff is about to leave, Tys siren sounds, and Baines shoots the sheriff with his shotgun. Mike drags him inside, and he is bleeding from a shot to the stomach, but alive. While they are distracted with the sheriff and arguing with each other, Ty sneaks out of the truck and lights the stash of stolen money on fire with a flare, and runs back. The guys run to the money, and Ty takes the sheriff to the armored truck and locks him in with himself. He tries to clean the wound and stop the bleeding. Without saying anything, Quinn drives the other truck away, with some sort of plan. While Quinn is gone, Ty has an idea: he sticks dollar bills all over the windows so they cant see in, and then while they are banging in the hinges, he pries the floor panel of the truck open, and sneaks out with the sheriffs radio, to go to the roof and try to get a signal. He does and gets a call out, and turns to find Palmer with a gun on him. Palmer is distressed, and cant justify how wrong things have gone, and instead of shooting Ty, he jumps off the roof, killing himself. Ty sneaks safely back in the truck, and tells the sheriff that help is on the way. Quinn returns with Jimmy, who he has kidnapped. Mike threatens to shoot Jimmy in the head, and so Ty opens the truck doors. They grab Ty and beat him a bit. As Quinn and Baines open the box with all the money in Tys truck, it explodes as he set a trap with flares inside. There is a huge explosion, and the two men are flung from the truck. Mike is, too, but since he wasnt in the truck, he lives. Ty makes Jimmy hide, and then runs. He heads for the sheriffs car, and while trying to start it, is rammed by Mike driving the other armored truck. Ty escapes, and starts running on foot with Mike chasing him in the truck. Ty sees a drop in the road and jumps down, and Mike drives the truck right down into the hole, crashing the truck. Ty walks over, and we see Mike, thrown from the truck take a few breaths, then die. Ty walks away. At the hospital, Ty sees the sheriff through his window, and it appears that he will be OK. Ashcroft walks out, and tells Ty that Sheriff Eckehart explained all that Ty did to save him, and he mentions there might even be a reward. He smiles and leaves. Jimmy exits the ER, with a few bandages on and the two brothers go home. 