nm0005130:

 NYPD Blue (19932005)Summaries Detectives from NYPD's 15th Precinct investigate homicides within their precinct. Each week, viewers saw the gritty reality of life in a New York City Police unit, as the officers go about their work with a grim determination, and a willingness to break the same laws that they're supposed to be enforcing. Two partners, Detectives Andy Sipowicz (Dennis Franz) and John Kelly (David Caruso) (later replaced by Bobby Simone (Jimmy Smits)), were the central characters in this weekly Police drama, and personified very different approaches to their difficult job. Sipowicz's brash gruffness (covering an emotional vulnerability) was tempered by the precise and controlled demeanor of the two partners with whom he has worked. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Shameless (20112021)55) A scrappy, feisty, fiercely loyal Chicago family makes no apologies. Watch the Irish American family the Gallaghers dealing with their alcoholic father Frank. Fiona, the eldest daughter, takes the role of the parent to her five brothers and sisters. Lip, Ian, Debbie, Carl, and Liam deal with life on the South Side of Chicago. Fiona balances her sex life and raising her siblings. Every episode is another crazy situation that one or more of the Gallagher six get into. Watch them grow and learn how to make their way in life with what little they have. Linda Taylor Shameless is the story of a family of six kids and their drunk and selfish father. The eldest daughter Fiona has to raise the rest of the family on her own. They need to steal food and steal money to live while their father takes everything and offers nothing. Charlie A single father of six who spends much of his free time drinking at bars. The Gallagher children - led by oldest daughter Fiona, who takes on much of the child-rearing responsibility due to her mother's absence - manage to raise themselves in spite of Frank's lack of parenting and unusual parenting style when he does choose to act like a father. Meet the fabulously dysfunctional Gallagher family. Dad's a drunk, Mom split long ago, eldest daughter Fiona tries to hold the family together. Eldest son Philip (Lip) trades his physics tutoring skills for sexual favors from neighborhood girls. Middle son Ian is gay. Youngest daughter Debbie is stealing money from her UNICEF collection. Ten-year-old Carl is a budding sociopath and an arsonist, and toddler Liam might actually be black, but nobody has a clue how. Showtime Publicity It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Ranch (20162020)Summaries The son of a Colorado rancher returns home from a semi-pro football career to run the family business. The Ranch is a comedy revolving around a former pro football player who returns to Colorado to help run the family ranch business. The show takes place on the fictional Iron River Ranch in Garrison, Colorado, detailing the life of the Bennetts, a dysfunctional family consisting of two brothers, their rancher father, and his separated wife and local bar owner. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Queen Sugar (2016 )Summaries Follows the life of three siblings, who move to Louisiana to claim an inheritance from their recently departed father - an 800-acre sugarcane farm. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 