nm0006819:

 Rennie's Landing (2001)Summaries Fate reuintes college friends a year after graduation and they decide to recapture the idealistic spirit of their college days. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Days of Our Lives (1965 )Summaries A chronicle of the lives, loves, trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. "Like sands through the hourglass... so are the Days of Our Lives." These words, spoken by late cast member Macdonald Carey, open every episode of this daytime drama, chronicaling the trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I'll Do Anything (1994)Summaries An aspiring actor has his life turned upside down when his ex-wife dumps off their bossy, wild daughter into his custody. Matt Hobbs is a talented but unsuccessful actor. When estranged (and strange) ex-wife Beth dumps their daughter Jeannie on Matt, father and daughter have a lot of adjusting to do. His budding relationship with attractive production assistant Cathy Breslow is made complicated, while the precocious child is overly accustomed to getting her own way. Matt eventually faces the choice of family versus career in a particularly difficult way. Reid Gagle This movie is about an actor that has had trouble getting a job in the past two years. His ex-wife is forcing him to take his daughter home with him, despite the fact that he has no money. Little does he know, she won't be staying for the "three weeks" his ex requested, she will be staying for a few years. Simone Brown <bianca_s_b@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Not Suitable for Children (2012)Summaries A young playboy who learns he has one month until he becomes infertile sets out to procreate as much as possible. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 