nm0005331:

 Criminal Minds (20052020)Summaries The cases of the F.B.I. Behavioral Analysis Unit (B.A.U.), an elite group of profilers who analyze the nation's most dangerous serial killers and individual heinous crimes in an effort to anticipate their next moves before they strike again. Based in Quantico, Virginia, the Behavioral Analysis Unit (B.A.U.) is a subsection of the F.B.I. Called in by local Police departments to assist in solving crimes of a serial and/or extremely violent nature where the perpetrator is unknown (referred to by the Unit as the unknown subject or "unsub" for short), the B.A.U. uses the controversial scientific art of profiling to track and apprehend the unsub. Profiling entails coming up with basic characteristics of the unsub and the victims (referred to as the victimology), using evidence from the case and matching that information to historic precedents and psychological analyses as a means to solve the case. Because of the nature of the work conducted by the B.A.U. - the work being time consuming and psychologically demanding - its members are fiercely loyal to the Unit and to its other members. Also because of the work's overall demanding nature, not many members of the B.A.U. have been able to maintain a happy or stable family life. Huggo In this crime series, a crack team of F.B.I. profilers fly from Quantico to the focal point of the criminal activity of various serial killers. There they investigate the evidence from the crime scenes, compose a profile, and try to prevent the next fatal strike. Top brain was academic Jason Gideon (Mandy Patinkin), who left the bureau after some difficult decisions. His more by-the-book operational right hand man Aaron "Hotch" Hotchner (Thomas Gibson) then took over the team. After Gideon leaves, David Rossi (Joe Mantegna), previously retired, rejoins the bureau in an effort to make a difference in people's lives again and follow-up on a case he worked years ago. The still juvenile Dr. Spencer Reid (Matthew Gray Gubler) is an erudite on everything except real-life, Penelope Garcia (Kirsten Vangsness), a brilliant computer whiz who gets access to any database, et cetera. As they are mobile, cooperation with local Police and F.B.I. Agents is important, but often poses jurisdictional and other problems, as do some witnesses and suspects. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Letters to Juliet (2010)541) Sophie dreams of becoming a writer and travels to Verona, Italy where she meets the "Secretaries of Juliet". An American girl on vacation in Italy finds an unanswered "letter to Juliet" -- one of thousands of missives left at the fictional lover's Verona courtyard, which are typically answered by the "secretaries of Juliet" -- and she goes on a quest to find the lovers referenced in the letter. Anonymous Sophie goes to Verona, Italy with her fianc. There she finds a place where people write heart-breaking letters to Juliet and wait for an answer. Sophie meets the "secretaries of Juliet" who write back their letters. When she finds a letter that has been hidden for 50 years, she become a secretary of Juliet and helps the girl find her true love. Tanaya Naya Sophie, a woman who yearns to be a writer, travels with her fianceon a pre honeymoon to Verona, Italy. Because of her fiances many connections, she is left alone to sightsee. Among the sights she finds the "Secretaries of Juliet". There, woman write to women who have left letters to Juliet for love advice. While picking up the letters, she finds one that was written 50 years ago. Being a believer in true love she writes hoping to give the girl the answer she was searching for so long ago. She never expected her to come to Verona, bringing along her very attractive grandson. They soon begin a journey to find the notorious Lorenzo Bartillini. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with Sophie (Amanda Seyfried) walking through downtown New York while on the phone, trying to track down several individuals to see where they were on the day they found out WWII was over. In her hand she has a picture of the famous kiss that took place between a sailor and a nurse, and she's trying to confirm if it was staged or spontaneous. As she's in Times Square, where the picture was taken, she finds the right person who can verify her question. She meets with her boss at the New Yorker who asks her to be very certain that the information is correct, which she is, and he compliments her on her work. She asks him if she can start to submit some stories to him as she really wants to write, but he says she's such a good fact checker that there is no need to want more. He then asks her about the trip she is going on. Sophie and her fianc Victor (Gael Garcia Bernal) are leaving on a pre-honeymoon trip to Verona, Italy, because he will be opening up a restaurant in a few weeks and there will be no time to go after the wedding. She heads to the restaurant to find Victor unhappy because she can't write like she wants to, and finds that instead of packing, he's in the kitchen reinventing the noodle. She's annoyed because they're leaving for Italy in 12 hours, but he sweeps her off her feet and makes her smile and forgive him. They fly to Italy and stay at a hotel in Verona, where their room has a small balcony. They are both so excited to be there but for different reasons. Victor has been called by his manager, who has arranged for him to meet with some of their suppliers while he's there, and they spend the first day traipsing around the countryside meeting with suppliers at the wineries and in the cheese shops. Victor speaks fluent Italian and Sophie doesn't, so she's left out of most of the conversations. She's visibly getting more and more annoyed and finally snaps a little when Victor says that they are now ready to go on to the forest 125 kilometers away to see his truffle supplier. Sophie says she doesn't want to go, and wants to do some sightseeing with him, but Victor really only cares about the food. He makes her feel guilty by saying that he'll do what she wants, even though it's obvious that it's not what he wants, and she relents and offers to go sightseeing alone while he goes onto see the truffles. He claims its a win-win situation but Sophie isn't sure. We later see Sophie wandering through the streets of Verona by herself and she stumbles upon a tiny alleyway where a crowd of people stand. It's the alley below the balcony made famous by William Shakespeare in Romeo and Juliet, and it's known as Juliet's balcony. There are many people there, especially young women and girls writing letters which they pin on the wall for Juliet. Sophie stops one girl who's sobbing and asks if shes ok, and the girl, speaking only Italian, makes it clear that her heart has been broken. Sophie stays to write and spots a woman taking down all of the letters and putting them into a basket, taking them away with her. Sophie is curious so she follows the woman to a house several doors down and discovers the office of a group of women known as the Secretaries of Juliet. They take down the letters each day and write back offering advice and comfort. Sophie is so intrigued and fascinated that she stays for the day learning about them. She's invited to stay for dinner by one of the women but she says she needs to get back to Victor, who will be missing her. The mother of the woman sends her back with dessert for them both. She goes to the hotel to tell Victor about her find, but he can't concentrate on what she's saying, as he's too busy smelling and then enjoying the food she's brought back with her. He goes with her the next day to meet the woman who prepared the food and tells Sophie that he really wants to stay to learn how to cook from her. Sophie is disappointed once again but is excited to spend the day with the Secretaries of Juliet, seeing what they do. As she's helping to take down the letters off the wall that afternoon, she comes across a hole in the wall where a letter was left more than 50 years ago. It's from a young British girl, Claire, who writes that she left her love, Lorenzo Bartollini, and didn't run away with him as she had promised she would. She asks Juliet for guidance but, until now, the letter hasn't been seen. Sophie is moved by the letter and insists that she must write back. She spends all day perfecting her words and sends the letter out. She returns to the hotel and Victor tells her about an amazing opportunity. He has to go to a wine auction for several days but he can only get one ticket. He tells her that if she doesn't want him to go he won't go, but it's obvious he's already made up his mind. She tells him to go and he tells her that she can stay and write with the women and do her thing and it's a win-win situation again. Several days later, Sophie is sitting with the Secretaries and a man comes in asking who wrote the letter to Claire. Sophie is shocked that it actually found her, and the man turns out to be Claire's grandson, Charlie (Christopher Egan) who has come with his grandmother on her journey. Sophie desperately wants to meet Claire (Vanessa Redgrave), but Charlie refuses, saying that she's done enough, and angrily leaves. Sophie follows him to meet Claire who has been waiting under Juliet's balcony in the alleyway. Sophie introduces herself, to Charlie's annoyance, but she and Claire quickly become friends. They have dinner together that night and Claire reveals she has come to find Lorenzo and apologize for being such a coward, and shows that she still has the ring he gave her. Charlie is worried about this plan, but Sophie asks if she can come along, as she would love to write a story about it all. Charlie and Sophie argue but Claire says that she would love for Sophie to come with her. They drive to the village where Claire first met Lorenzo, and meet a man called Lorenzo Bartollini but he's not the right one. They regroup and try to narrow down how many people there are by the same name, and map them throughout Tuscany, since Claire is certain that he would never have left the area. They show a montage of clips as they meet different Lorenzo Bartollinis and each time it's not the right man. However, most are very attracted to Claire and offer that they would be happy to be her Lorenzo whenever she likes. Each night they return to a local hotel in Sienna, where they regroup and Sophie and Charlie come to a truce and then eventually a better understanding of one another as they reveal why Charlie is so protective of his grandmother. He explains that his parents were killed in a plane crash when he was young, and Sophie tells why she is clinging to Victor so hard (her mother walked out on her and her dad when she was very little). Sophie calls Victor each night but he's distant and uninterested in what she's doing and keeps adding just a few more days to his trip to do more of the things for his restaurant. Meanwhile, Charlie has taken a very big interest in Sophie and tries to spend more time with her each day. However, as they continue to look for Lorenzo Bartollini, they discover that one recently died and Claire is obviously upset because she has no way of knowing if it was her Lorenzo. Charlie takes his anger out on Sophie and says that it's all her fault, and what would she know about loss. Her mother didn't die, she just left. Claire scolds him and says that in Sophie's case it was worse, because her mother chose to leave her. They are quiet as they return to the hotel that night and Charlie says that it's time to go home. That night, Sophie comes out to speak with Charlie who's lying on the ground looking at the stars. She joins him and tells him that she's not sorry that she sent the letter, but she is sorry that they are leaving. Charlie says the same thing, and that he doesn't want to go, meaning that he doesn't want to leave her. He kisses her and she kisses him back and then suddenly realizes what she's doing and gets up and goes inside. Charlie doesn't know whether or not to say anything, and we see that Claire has been watching from her window the whole time. The next morning they are all quiet and Claire tries to lighten the mood and encourage them to not be afraid of their feelings. She suggests that they go and get a bottle of wine at a vineyard that they pass to prolong their journey. As they drive through the vineyard Claire spots a young man working in the fields and she begs them to stop the car. She looks like she's seen a ghost and says that the young man IS her Lorenzo. Sophie goes to ask him his name and it's Lorenzo Bartollini. Charlie gets excited and joins Sophie as another man comes up and asks what's going on and says that HIS name is Lorenzo Bartollini. Sophie deduces that they must be his son and grandson. They ask where their father is and are told that he's out riding and will be back soon. Claire begs them to leave before he returns. Charlie and Sophie try to convince her but she hears the sounds of hooves and watches as HER Lorenzo (Franco Nero) shows up on horseback. His son and grandson tell him her name and it's clear that he remembers her very well and they embrace while Charlie and Sophie look on. Lorenzo invites them all for dinner and they visit and catch up while Charlie and Sophie try not to look at each other at the table. Lorenzo reveals that he lost his wife, Rose, just as Claire has lost Jack, her husband, but that Destiny must have wanted them to get together, and he thanks Sophie for making it all happen. Sophie is uncomfortable being around Charlie and asks Lorenzo for a ride from one of his sons back to Verona. Charlie looks on in disbelief as she leaves and his grandmother asks what he's waiting for, and how many Sophies does he think he'll meet? He drives back to Verona meaning to confront her about his feelings for her, and sees her on the balcony hugging Victor who is happy to see her. He decides that he can't ruin her happiness and he drives away, missing the fact that Victor gets interrupted by a phone call again and walks away from Sophie who looks miserable. Back in New York Sophie is showing her story about the letter to her boss who is enthralled and wants to know what happened next. Sophie says sadly that she didn't stay in touch. She asks what her boss thinks and he tells her to buy stock in the Italian Airlines because of the number of women who will be flocking to Verona. Sophie is overjoyed that he's printing her story and he asks her if she has any more for him. She is on her way out to lunch with her friend to celebrate when she is handed her messages and mail by the receptionist. She has received a wedding invitation from Claire and Lorenzo, for their wedding that weekend in Sienna, and Claire has included the letter that Sophie found that started it all. Sophie heads to the restaurant where she proceeds to tell Victor that she will be going to the wedding, but alone. He tries to protest but she breaks off things with him and heads home to pack for her journey, leaving him alone with his kitchen. She arrives at the wedding looking for Charlie and surprises him that she came. He looks very happy to see her and she starts to tell him why she's there when she's interrupted by a woman named Patricia, who Sophie believes is his date. She heads inside and watches as Lorenzo marries Claire. As they are enjoying the reception Sophie is struggling not to cry while watching Charlie, then Claire interrupts and asks if she can read aloud the response that Sophie sent to her. The letter is wonderfully written and centers around the words What If and encourages her to follow her dreams. Everyone applauds the letter and Sophie smiles and excuses herself from the reception. Charlie notices that she's upset and follows her. He chases her behind the building but she seems to have disappeared, but she appears on a balcony above him. She tearfully tells him that she broke up with Victor because she's in love with him but that since he's with Patricia now she wishes him well. Charlie interrupts saying that Patricia is his cousin, not his date and proceeds to climb up to the balcony to Sophie, telling her that he's in love with her too. He asks her where she wants to live and talks about how London is wonderful and he can make her happy there but if she wants to live in New York then he will be more than happy moving there so long as he can be with her. She agrees and as he's leaning in to kiss her the vine he's climbing snaps and he falls to the ground. Sophie rushes to him and asks if he's ok, and he asks her if anyone saw him fall. She looks up to see the whole wedding party looking on but lies and tells him 'No' as she kisses him. ~Beth~ 
 Platoon (1986)651) Chris Taylor, a neophyte recruit in Vietnam, finds himself caught in a battle of wills between two sergeants, one good and the other evil. A shrewd examination of the brutality of war and the duality of man in conflict. Chris Taylor is a young, naive American who gives up college and volunteers for combat in Vietnam. Upon arrival, he quickly discovers that his presence is quite nonessential, and is considered insignificant to the other soldiers, as he has not fought for as long as the rest of them and felt the effects of combat. Chris has two non-commissioned officers, the ill-tempered and indestructible Staff Sergeant Robert Barnes and the more pleasant and cooperative Sergeant Elias Grodin. A line is drawn between the two NCOs and a number of men in the platoon when an illegal killing occurs during a village raid. As the war continues, Chris himself draws towards psychological meltdown. And as he struggles for survival, he soon realizes he is fighting two battles, the conflict with the enemy and the conflict between the men within his platoon. Jeremy Thomson Chris Taylor leaves his university studies to enlist in combat duty in Vietnam in 1967. Once he's on the ground in the middle of battle, his idealism fades. Infighting in his unit between Staff Sergeant Barnes, who believes nearby villagers are harboring Viet Cong soldiers, and Sergeant Elias, who has a more sympathetic view of the locals, ends up pitting the soldiers against each other as well as against the enemy. Jwelch5742 A gritty and emotional look at the lives of a platoon of American soldiers as they patrol, fight and die in the jungles of Vietnam as seen through the perspective of a young recruit. Two veteran sergeants clash when one of them precipitates a massacre of villagers. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> Chris Taylor has arrived in Vietnam in the year 1967. Initially, he is mostly isolated from the rest of his platoon given that he is new to the unit. Over time, after witnessing combat and getting wounded, Taylor becomes more integrated into his unit. At the same time, tensions emerge following a massacre conducted by members of the platoon and Taylor finds himself caught in the crossfire. Sam Freeman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chris Taylor (Charlie Sheen) is a young American who has abandoned a privileged life at a university to enlist in the infantry, volunteering for combat duty in Vietnam. The year is September 1967. Upon arrival in Da Nang, South Vietnam, he sees dead soldiers of American soldiers in body bags being loaded into his plane. Taylor and the other recruits pass by a group of soldiers also departing on the plane who laugh at the "new guys", but more distressing to Taylor is the shell-shocked state of a departing soldier with the "thousand-yard stare." Taylor and several other replacements have been assigned to Bravo Company, 25th Infantry division, "somewhere near the Cambodian border." The platoon goes out on patrol in the trackless and inhospitable jungle dealing with mud, thick bushes, snakes and ants. Worn down by the exhausting work and living conditions of patrolling, Taylor's enthusiasm for the war wanes quickly and he develops an admiration for the more experienced soldiers, despite their reluctance to extend their friendship. One day, another new arrival, platoon commander Lieutenant Wolfe (Mark Moses) discusses the plans for a patrol later that night with the platoon sergeants: the compassionate Sergeant Elias (Willem Dafoe), harsh but hard core Staff Sergeant Barnes (Tom Berenger), cowardly, sycophantic "lifer" Sergeant Red O'Neil (John C. McGinley), and drug addict Sergeant Warren (Tony Todd). Barnes and Elias argue over whether to send the new men out on a patrol that is likely to be ambushed. O'Neil insists that the new troops go out instead of several men under him who are nearly finished with their tours of duty. Barnes agrees, only on the condition that O'Neil goes out as well. That night, North Vietnamese soldiers set upon Taylor's sleeping unit. Gardner (Bob Orwig), a fellow new recruit, is killed, and another soldier, Tex (David Neidorf), is maimed. Despite having passed the watch duty to Junior (Reggie Johnson), a more experienced but consistently irresponsible soldier who fell asleep, Taylor is blamed for the casualties (O'Neil is also to blame, having thrown the grenade that maimed Tex). Immediately after the fighting, Taylor discovers a light wound to his neck, and he is sent to the field hospital for treatment. A few days later, Taylor returns to his unit from the hospital and, through a soldier named King (Keith David), gains acceptance from the "heads", a tight-knit group led by Elias that socializes, dances, and takes drugs in a private bunker. Next door in another bunker, Barnes leads the more traditional members of the unit whom drink beer, play cards and don't smoke opium. Taylor becomes a more seasoned soldier as the patrols continue and soon no longer stands out among the others. During one patrol on New Years Day, January 1, 1968, the platoon finds what appears to be an abandoned bunker. Elias explores a series of tunnels connected to the bunker. Two members of the platoon, Sandy (J. Adam Glover) and Sal (Richard Edson) are killed when they stumble upon a booby trap attached to a box of documents. Shortly after, a soldier named Manny Washington (Corkey Ford) goes missing. His mutilated body is found tied to a post close by. The platoon is infuriated by the senseless death of their comrade and are ordered to report to a nearby village of South Vietnamese citizens. The platoon reaches the village, where a food and weapons cache is discovered. The other soldiers explore the village. In one house, Taylor discovers a mute and mentally challenged teenage boy and his mother hiding in a hole beneath the floor. Taylor harasses and taunts the retarded boy by shooting his rifle at his feet, but stops himself short of killing the boy. However, Bunny (Kevin Dillon) takes over and beats the boy to death with his gun, even though Sgt. O'Neil orders them to leave the hut. While questioning the village chief, Barnes loses his patience and senselessly kills the man's wife despite his denials that they are aiding the Viet Cong. Barnes is about to murder the man's young daughter to force him to tell them to where the enemy is when Sergeant Elias arrives at the scene and starts a fistfight with Barnes. Lieutenant Wolfe, passive during the shooting of the wife, eventually ends the fight, and relays orders from his own superior officer to burn the village. As the men leave, a group of four soldiers, including Bunny and Junior, drag a young Vietnamese girl into the bushes with the intention of raping her. Taylor comes upon them and stops the group from raping the girl. His comrades ridicule him for stopping them. Upon returning to base, Elias reports Barnes' actions to Captain Harris (Dale Dye), who cannot afford to remove Barnes due to a lack of personnel. However, Harris threatens to court martial Barnes if there is evidence that he murdered an unarmed civilian. O'Neil and Bunny, nervous about the possibility of an investigation, speak to Barnes and Bunny suggests "fragging" Elias. A narrating Taylor speaks of this as "a civil war in the platoon. Half with Elias, half with Barnes." Taylor talks with Elias one night and Elias tells him that the United States is due for a loss in war because they'd been mostly successful in past wars. He also confesses that he's disillusioned with America's mission in Southeast Asia, that he used to believe it was winnable even a few years ago, but knows now that it's not. On their next patrol, the platoon is ambushed and pinned down in a firefight by unseen enemy soldiers. Flash (Basile Achara) is killed and Sergeant Warren and Private Lerner (Johnny Depp) are badly injured in the resulting skirmish. Lieutenant Wolfe calls in wrong coordinates for artillery support, resulting in the deaths of Fu Sheng (Steve Barredo), Morehouse (Kevin Eshelman), and Tubbs (Andrew B. Clark) and the severe wounding of Ace (Terry McIlvain). Big Harold (Forest Whitaker) has his leg blown off by a trip-wired booby trap while trying to escape the artillery barrage. Elias, with Taylor, Rhah (Francesco Quinn), and Crawford (Chris Pedersen), go to intercept flanking enemy troops. Though Lt. Wolfe is commanding officer, Barnes takes command. He orders the rest of the platoon to retreat to be airlifted from the area, and goes back into the jungle to find Elias' group. After sending Taylor, Rhah, and Crawford (who has been shot in the lung) back, Barnes finds Elias. The two stare at each other for a few moments and then Barnes fires three rounds into Elias' chest and leaves him for dead. Barnes runs into Taylor and tells him that Elias is dead and that he'd seen his body nearby. Barnes orders Taylor back to the landing zone. After they take off, the men see a severely wounded Elias emerge from the jungle, running from a large group of NVA soldiers. He dies after being shot several more times by the NVA while the American helicopters futilely attempt to provide him cover overhead. As they fly from the area, Chris takes a long look at Barnes' hardened face. At the base, Taylor tries to talk his dwindling group of six "heads" into killing Barnes in retaliation, claiming that when he'd met Barnes in the forest after shooting Elias, that the look on Barnes' face told him the truth. While King agrees, Doc Gomez (Paul Sanchez) believes they should wait for "military justice" to decide Barnes' fate. Rhah reminds Taylor how much he admired Barnes when he first arrived, and that Barnes isn't meant to die, noting that on several previous occasions Barnes has sustained wounds that ought to have proved mortal: "the only thing that can kill Barnes, is Barnes." Barnes then appears, very drunk with a bottle of bourbon, having overheard Taylor calling for his murder. He enters the room, daring them to kill him. No one takes up the offer but as Barnes leaves, Taylor attacks him. Barnes quickly gets the upper hand, pins Taylor down and holds a knife to his face. Rhah urges him not to do it, telling Barnes he'll be court-martialed and imprisoned, and he leaves after slashing Taylor under the eye. A few days later, the platoon is sent back to the ambush area in order to build and maintain heavy defensive positions against a potential attack. Rhah is promoted to Sergeant, commanding the remains of Elias' squad. The platoon is so severely weakened, though, that there are numerous gaps in their defense. When this fact is pointed out to him, Lt. Wolfe only replies that he doesn't "give a fuck" any more. The troops try to prepare for the incoming battle, during which they know the majority of them will die. Just hours before nightfall, King is allowed to go home as his tour of duty has come to an end. O'Neil tries to use Elias' R&R days for himself in order to escape the impending battle (in which he believes he will die). When he asks Barnes for permission, Barnes refuses, saying, "Everybody gotta die some time, Red." Junior tries to escape the battle by spraying mosquito repellent onto his feet and passing it off as trench foot, a ploy that Barnes recognizes right away. Bunny states that he feels no remorse for the murders he has committed, saying that he enjoys Vietnam, and goes on to proclaim himself to be "Audie Murphy", a famous and highly decorated World War II hero. Francis (Corey Glover), one of the last few remaining "heads", is assigned to the same foxhole as Taylor. That night a large attack occurs and the American defensive perimeter is broken and the camp overrun by hundreds of attacking North Vietnamese troops. Taylor and Francis take on and cut down several attacking enemy troops until they both pause when they hear signal whistles from the unseen NVA sergeants ordering their men to cease fire. Hearing a Vietnamese voice over a bullhorn and understanding that the NVA are ordering RPGs up to the line to blow up the foxhole they are in, Taylor grabs Francis and both of them crawl out of the foxhole seconds before it's hit by an RPG. Taylor and Francis then attack and kill several enemy soldiers that overrun their destroyed foxhole until Taylor loses it during the fight and charges off into the carnage, shooting one enemy soldier after another. Meanwhile, the NVA attack against the base continues relentlessly. The command bunker is destroyed by a NVA suicide bomber (Oliver Stone makes a cameo as the doomed battalion commander inside the bunker). During the massed North Vietnamese Army attack, many members of the platoon are killed, including Lt. Wolfe, Parker (Peter Hicks), Doc, Bunny, and Junior when their foxholes are overrun. The cowardly O'Neil survives only by hiding himself under a dead body. The desperate company commander, Captain Harris, orders the Air Force pilots to "expend all remaining" inside his perimeter. During the chaos, Barnes and Taylor come face-to-face. As a crazed Barnes is about to beat Taylor with a shovel, the two are knocked unconscious by the last-ditch American napalm attack. A wounded Taylor regains consciousness the next morning with a serious wound to his lower abdomen caused by Barnes striking him with the sharpened edge of the shovel earlier from the night before. Taylor soon finds Barnes, who is also wounded after being shot in both legs during the battle. Taylor takes an AK-47 rifle from a dead enemy soldier and aims it at Barnes, who lays helpless on the ground. Nonetheless, Barnes feels at first not threatened, and he dismissively orders Taylor to call a medic. When Taylor does not comply, but instead continues to aim his weapon, Barnes (deranged to the last) dares him to pull the trigger by saying: "Do it!" Taylor shoots Barnes three times in the chest, killing him. Taylor then drops his rifle, collapses, and awaits medical attention. Interestingly, although not in the script, Taylor is seen on the verge of pulling the pin of a grenade that he found, only to drop it as reinforcements reach him. (Charlie Sheen thought that Taylor would be committing suicide after killing Barnes. Oliver Stone thought that the mistake was good so he decided to keep it in the film.) Francis emerges from his foxhole and stabs himself in the thigh with a bayonet in order to be evacuated as a casualty. O'Neil is found by other Americans, and Harris (much to O'Neil's distress) gives him command of the platoon. As he is loaded onto the helicopter, Taylor is reminded by Francis that because they have been wounded twice, they can go home. Back at the bombed-out command post, hundreds of NVA bodies are being dumped into mass graves. After bidding farewell to Rhah, Francis, Tony Hoyt (Ivan Kane) and Ebenhoch (Mark Ebenhoch) (his last surviving friends in the platoon; the other survivors are Rodriguez (Chris Castillejo), Huffmeister (Robert Galotti), and O'Neil), Taylor boards his helicopter. The helicopter flies away and Taylor weeps as he stares down at the destruction, while he (from a future perspective) narrates that he will forever be in Vietnam, with Barnes and Elias battling for what Rhah called "possession of his soul", and that he believes he and other veterans must rebuild themselves, and find goodness and purpose in their lives. 
 Transformers: Dark of the Moon (2011)431) The Autobots learn of a Cybertronian spacecraft hidden on the moon, and race against the Decepticons to reach it and to learn its secrets. Autobots Bumblebee, Ratchet, Ironhide, Mirage (aka Dino), Wheeljack (aka Que) and Sideswipe led by Optimus Prime, are back in action taking on the evil Decepticons, who are eager to avenge their recent defeat. The Autobots and Decepticons become involved in a perilous space race between the United States and Russia to reach a hidden Cybertronian spacecraft on the moon and learn its secrets, and once again Sam Witwicky has to go to the aid of his robot friends. The new villain Shockwave is on the scene while the Autobots and Decepticons continue to battle it out on Earth. ahmetkozan Picking up two years after the Egypt incident, the Autobots and their human allies discover a lost piece of Cybertronian technology which has been in human possession for several years. It is revealed that the artifact is part of an Autobot spacecraft which has crashed on the moon during the Apollo 11 mission to the Moon and carries a special technology and the legendary Sentinel Prime (Optimus Prime's old mentor). However, Sam Witwicky discovers a conspiracy by the Decepticons who plot to use it for their own evil purposes. And Optimus Prime finds that they are up against a menace who plans to also use it to enslave humanity in order to restore Cybertron. Blazer346 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During the final days of the war that devastated the planet Cybertron, a spacecraft known as The Ark attempted to escape. Piloted by the great Autobot leader named Sentinel Prime ( Leonard Nimoy ), the ship was said to contain special items that could help the Autobots win the war over the Decepticons. However, the ship was hit by enemy missiles, and the ship and its crew were lost into the far reaches of space. In 1961, the crash of the Ark on the moon is detected by NASA. Fearing that the Russians may beat them to finding out what this unidentified object is, President John F Kennedy pushes for NASA to land men on the moon to investigate. 8 years later, in 1969, Apollo 11 lands on the moon, and astronauts Neil Armstrong ( Don Jeanes ) and Buzz Aldrin ( Cory Tucker ) secretly explore the craft. They return with samples and pictures, and future moon missions bring back more information, before the manned moon missions are cancelled. In the present day, The Autobots are still working with the NEST Team to track down Decepticons loose on the planet, as well as anything unusual. While the Autobots Bumblebee, Sideswipe, Enzo, and Que attempt to take out an illegal Middle-Eastern nuclear plant, Major Lennox ( Josh Duhamel ) is informed by a Ukranian official, Alexi Vokshod, about something strange going on around the Chernobyl disaster site. Lennox leads a team along with Optimus Prime ( Peter Cullen ) and Ratchet ( Robert Foxworth ) into the radioactive site. Inside the plant, Prime discovers a fuel cell from the Ark, and something even more shocking: the Decepticon Shockwave ( Frank Welker ) and a giant drilling robot at his command. After a short fight, Shockwave and the driller retreat. During the battle, a Decepticon assassin, Laserbeak ( Keith Szarabajka ), ambushes Vokshod kills him. Eventually, Prime and the other Autobots return to NEST's headquarters. Once there, Optimus demands answers from Secretary of Defense Charlotte Mearing ( Frances McDormand ). Prime shows the recovered fuel cell, and Mearing admits the true intentions of the American rush to reach the moon in the 1960's. Wishing to investigate further, Optimus and Ratchet take a ship (that had been used by other Autobots who now make Earth their home as well) to the moon, and inspect the Ark. In a secret chamber, they find the weakened body of Sentinel Prime, as well as 5 metal 'pillars'. Megatron ( Hugo Weaving ) is hiding in Africa, still sporting battle damage from his last fight with Optimus Prime. Starscream ( Charlie Adler ), Laserbeak, and Soundwave report to him, telling him that Optimus has recovered Sentinel Prime and the pillars. Megatron tells Soundwave that their human collaborators have served them well, now it is time to clean up loose ends. Meanwhile, Sam Witwicky ( Shia LaBeouf ) has graduated from college. Even though he has been instrumental in helping the Autobots (which is classified information) and received a Medal of Honor from President Barack Obama, he is still unable to find a job. Sam currently resides in Washington D.C. with his new girlfriend Carly Spencer ( Rosie Huntington-Whiteley ), and two smaller Autobots named Wheelie ( Tom Kenny ) and Brains ( Reno Wilson ). Eventually, Sam lands a job with Accuretta Systems, a technology firm run by an eccentric man named Bruce Bezos ( John Malkovich ). Though Sam came highly recommended (by an unnamed person), Bezos explains that the only position they are hiring for is the company's mail room. Sam is about to turn down the position, but Bezos convinces him it is a necessary first step toward the job he really wants. Sam then goes to visit Carly at her place of work, where he runs into her accountant (and car-collecting) boss, Dylan Gould ( Patrick Dempsey ). Sam is easily jealous and ticked off by how close Dylan seems to be to Carly. As if to add insult to injury, Dylan gives Sam an aside that he was the one who recommended Sam to Accuretta (at the insistence of Carly to help him out), as he is one of its senior board members. Soon afterwards, Dylan invites Carly to a social function at his place, and even gives her a brand-new Mercedes SLS AMG (further ticking off Sam). No sooner does Sam start his job, then he is accosted by an excited co-worker named Jerry Wang ( Ken Jeong ). Jerry corners Sam and gives him a number of papers and news clippings, talking about the 'Dark Side of the Moon' and that the Autobots are in danger. Sam peruses through the clips, but before he can get more information, Jerry plunges to his death out his office window. A few moments later, Laserbeak transforms from a nearby copier, and attempts to kill Sam. Sam manages to escape, and drives to the 'Department of Health and Human Services' where NEST is secretly stationed. The Autobots and Lennox allow Sam and Carly clearance into the facility, but Mearing is not at all happy. Sam attempts to tell Mearing about Jerry's death and the notes he passed to Sam, but Mearing refuses to listen to him. Also at the base, Prime and Ratchet have returned with the body of Sentinel Prime. Using the Matrix of Leadership, Optimus manages to revive Sentinel. At first disoriented, Sentinel soon demands to know about the pillars. When the group tells him they found five, Sentinel claims there were more. He is further upset when Mearing tells him that the five they recovered are locked away from him for security reasons. When Sentinel explains they could be used to open a bridge through space and time, Mearing grows even more uncertain about returning them. Bumblebee is allowed to escort Sam home for protection, but Sam feels that there's something going on that they should investigate. Having copies of Jerry's notes, Sam puts in a call to Seymour Simmons ( John Turturro ), who has since written a book about his exploits, and hired a retired NSA agent, Dutch ( Alan Tudyk ), as an assistant. Though claiming he has sworn off getting involved in the affairs of the Transformers, Sam's request and the promise of unknown Transformers information sends Simmons right to Sam's doorstep. Optimus gives Sentinel a tour of Earth. As they watch a sunset in Washington, DC, Sentinel marvels at the planet's beauty, reminding him of Cybertron before the war. Optimus offers to relinquish the Matrix to Sentinel, but is politely rebuffed. On this new, unfamiliar planet, Optimus is now Sentinel's teacher. Perusing over Jerry's notes, it soon becomes apparent that a number of people who had some involvement with the cover-up of the Ark on the moon are either missing or have died mysteriously. Carly soon finds out about Sam's investigations, and expresses her disdain for Sam possibly getting into harm's way. She has already lost her Brother to the war involving the Transformers, and this explains her distaste for what he is doing. Sam claims he is doing this because it is important, but Carly leaves for her meeting with Dylan at his mansion. Shortly thereafter, the investigation reveals that there were several planned moon missions to be made by Russia, but they were mysteriously cancelled. Sam, Simmons, and Dutch track two of the defected Cosmonauts to a seedy bar. After some discussion, they explain that before the Americans landed on the moon, satellites that took photos of the moon revealed strange tracks and stacked objects. The classified photos reveal stacks of pillars like the five recovered with Sentinel Prime. Sam soon realizes that Wang's conspiracy theory is true. The Decepticons needed Sentinel Prime to activate the pillars. They stole what they could, but left five (including the Master Pillar that controls them) with the weakened body of Sentinel, planting clues to lead the Autobots to him and revive him, most likely planning to bring an invasion force to Earth! Sam and the other Autobots manage to find Sentinel and help escort him back to NEST for safety. However, the group is menaced by three black SUV's that turn out to be three beast-like Decepticons known as The Dreads. The group manages to destroy them, and return to the base. It is then that Sentinel shockingly reveals that long ago, he had made a deal with Megatron to end the war and rebuild Cybertron. He then shocks the others by killing Ironhide, as well as destroying NEST's base and making off with the five pillars. Optimus returns soon afterwards, with Mearing blaming him for what has happened. Sentinel joins Megatron and Starscream at the Lincoln Memorial. While Sentinel aligns the pillars in the reflecting pool, Megatron explains to Starscream that Sentinel was actually defecting when he left Cybertron. Megatron had planned to rendezvous with him after recovering the Allspark, but "fate waylaid them both." Optimus arrives in an attempt to stop Sentinel, but is easily overpowered and forced to retreat. As Megatron claims the Lincoln Memorial as his throne, Sentinel activates the spacebridge. One on the moon activates as well, and numerous Decepticons and aerial combat craft emerge, running about and even disguising themselves like nearby vehicles. Fearing for Carly's life, Sam returns to their place, only to find her gone. Remembering that she was going to Dylan's mansion, Sam shows up there, but is shocked when Dylan reveals that his Dad was a previous accountant that fixed the books at NASA, preventing further moon landings. Realizing that he's somehow connected to the Decepticons and their plans, Sam attempts to drive Carly away, only for her Mercedes to transform into Soundwave, who locks her inside him! Sam is menaced by Laserbeak and Dylan, who has a Decepticon in the form of a watch attach itself into Sam's wrist. Sam is given an ultimatum: find out for Dylan and the Decepticons how Optimus intends to fight back, or Carly will die. Sam is soon after contacted by Mearing, who apologizes for doubting him previously. After they meet, the United Nations receives a voice-encoded message from Sentinel Prime, demanding that the humans exile the Autobots from Earth. The demands are met, and Optimus and the remaining Autobots are taken to Florida to be flown away. While there, Sam meets former Chief Epps ( Tyrese Gibson ), who has been working with the Autobots known as The Wreckers to prep the shuttle for their departure. As the Autobots prepare to leave on the shuttle Xantium, Sam attempts to secretly warn Optimus, claiming that he knows Optimus has a plan, and that 'no human will ever know' if he tells him (Sam). Optimus claims they have no plans to fight back, and Bumblebee says his goodbyes to Sam as well. The next day, the Xantium takes off as Sam looks on from nearby. However, Starscream has been lying in wait in the upper atmosphere, and shoots down the rocket. The destruction of the Autobots causes the Decepticon watch on Sam's arm to slither away. Sam soon receives a call from Dylan, who is pleased that the Autobots are now out of the way. After Dylan hangs up, Sam gets ahold of Simmons and Dutch, they pinpoint that Dylan has taken Carly to Trump Tower in Chicago, IL. Sentinel Prime, Megatron, and Starscream also arrive in Chicago, and take control of the top of a building, where Sentinel plants the pillars with Dylan's help. Dylan reveals to Carly that the Decepticons intend to rebuild Cybertron, strip-mining the earth for resources and using humans as slave labor. In order to do this, the Decepticons have placed Pillars around the world to call Cybertron itself through the space bridge, with Sentinel planning to activate the control Pillar at a specific time. Carly witnesses a crack in the fragile alliance, as Sentinel angrily reminds Megatron that he is an ally, not a minion. Shortly thereafter, the Decepticons and an army of ships and weaponry descend upon Chicago, destroying much of the city, and creating a heavily fortified perimeter keeping any armed forces from getting inside. Sam still intends to rescue Carly, and Epps along with several disbanded NEST team members accompany them to the outskirts of Chicago. They are almost vaporized by an attack drone, until the Autobots appear and take it down. The group reveals that they secretly hid in one of the booster rockets that detached from the Xantium and fell into the ocean before Starscream blew up the main craft. They laid low to make the Decepticons think they had left. Bumblebee pilots the downed drone, while the Autobots drive into the city. Sam manages to rescue Carly from Dylan's penthouse, killing Laserbeak in the process, but the group is then faced with the task of taking stopping Sentinel Prime. It doesn't help that Dylan has also alerted the Deceptions of the Autobots survival. Megatron orders all available troops to protect Sentinel while he aligns the final pillars. Optimus and the other Autobots attempt to create a diversion, while Sam, Carly, Epps, and the NEST agents attempt to use a rocket launcher to take out one of Sentinel's pillars. Que also provides Sam and the NEST agents with some special devices he's been working on. They take aim in a heavily-damaged office building, but are unable to finish their plan as Decepticon drones and their pilots attempt to bring down the building, along with Shockwaves' 'pet' drilling robot. The group is saved when Prime (outfitted with accoutrements from his trailer) flies in and destroys the giant drill-bot. Meanwhile, using a drone, Lennox is able to communicate with the group, and he and several of his men fly into the danger zone with 'squirrel-suits,' allowing them to jump out of transport carriers and glide through the city. The group manages to catch up to the others as Sam ends up destroying Starscream with several of Que's gadgets. They then regroup near an area where several Decepticons (including Soundwave) have captured Bumblebee, Ratchet, Que, and Dino. Dylan is also nearby, claiming that taking hostages was not part of their deal, he wants the Autobots to suffer for disrupting what should have been a peaceful process. Soundwave agrees and decides to execute the hostages. Barricade kills Que before Soundwave takes aim at Bumblebee. However, the group is distracted when drone ships begin raining down from the sky. Wheelie and Brains have managed to get into one of the main ships, jettisoning its cargo as it crashes into the Chicago River. At this point on, Bumblebee kills Soundwave after overpowering him in a fight. The Autobots and the NEST agents are soon joined by some Navy Seals, Together, they destroy some Decepticon Protoforms and they end up killing Barricade as well. As they watch Sentinel activates the Master Pillar, activating the other spacebridges placed throughout the Earth. As everyone watches, Cybertron begins to materialize in Earth's upper atmosphere. Soon after, Optimus swoops in and destroys the ground troops. After dodging the decepticon's poor aim, Optimus Prime kills Shockwave before using his cannon to blow up one of the pillars, causing the spacebridge to disengage. Sentinel drops to the ground, and begins to battle Prime, before calling for reinforcements, all of which are destroyed by some human allies. Megatron, sitting in a throne of junk in the side alley, wearily sighs that Cybertron is safe when Carly finds him. Having witnessed the previous argument between Megatron and Sentinel, Carly convinces Megatron that he will answer to Sentinel Prime once Cybertron is restored, instead of leading the Cybertronians himself. Sam has managed to reach the downed Pillar, but is confronted by Dylan, who reactivates it, causing Cybertron to continue reforming in the atmosphere. Eventually, Sam knocks Dylan out, causing him to get electrocuted by the pillar before Bumblebee takes it out. This causes the partially-formed planet above to be sucked into a vortex, pulling the numerous Cybertronian ships and drones into it. Optimus engages Sentinel in a battle. Sentinel soon gains the upper hand and Optimus loses his arm before being knocked down by the older prime, Sentinel prepares to kill Optimus when all the sudden, Megatron saves Optimus and damages Sentinel, having listen to Carly's words and declaring that this plant is his to rule. Megatron proposes a truce between him and Optimus, but the Autobot leader will have none of it, too many have died because of him. Megatron then attempts to shoot Optimus, but the battle between them is quickly finished as Optimus rips Megatron's head and spine from his body, killing him. In the aftermath, a weakened Sentinel claims that he was only thinking about saving their race, and did not mean to betray them. Prime claims that Sentinel betrayed himself, and shoots him as the old Prime pleads for mercy, killing Sentinel. As the NEST agents and the Autobots gather, Sam embraces Carly, and with all chances of ever reviving or returning to Cybertron gone, Optimus realizes that the Autobots' only home from now on will be Earth. 