nm0005578:

 Dangerous Minds (1995)Summaries An ex-Marine turned teacher struggles to connect with her students in an inner city school. Louanne Johnson is an ex-marine, hired as a teacher in a high-school in a poor area of the city. She has recently separated from her husband. Her friend, also teacher in the school, got the temporary job for her. After a terrible reception from the students, she tries unconventional methods of teaching (using karate, Bob Dylan lyrics etc) to gain the trust of the students. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bulletproof (1996)541) Two criminals, Keats and Moses, end their friendship, when Keats turns out to be an undercover cop. Many years later, the two are forced to work together when Keats is assigned to protect Moses as a witness. An undercover police officer named Rock Keats befriends a drug dealer and car thief named Archie Moses in a bid to catch the villainous drug lord Frank Coltan. But the only problem is that Keats is a cop, his real name is Jack Carter, and he is working undercover with the LAPD to bust Moses and Colton at a sting operation the LAPD has set up. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Rock Keats and Archie Moses are the best of friends and have spent the past year together performing various small time criminal acts. This all changes when they become involved in a major drug smuggling operation. Rock Keats turns out to be Jack Carter, an undercover police officer and tries to arrest Moses during a failed attempt to catch criminal mastermind Frank Colton. However, Moses ends up shooting Carter and makes an escape. Moses is later caught and agrees to turn state's evidence on Colton with one condition, Carter escorts him in. When they meet, both are bitter towards each other. Unknown to them, Colton's men have orders to take out Moses and arrive to shoot down the transport plane. Carter and Moses end up by themselves in the countryside with Colton's men closing in. Will they survive?...will their friendship? P. Wong <pwong@nt.net> The criminals Rock Keats and Archie Moses are best friends and have been stealing cars together for one year. Archie invites Rock to join the gang of the drug lord Frank Colton without knowing that Rock is indeed the undercover detective Jack Carter, assigned to get evidences against Frank. During the police raid against a heroin shipping of Frank, Archie accidentally shoots Jack in his head. Once recovered, Jack declares Archie his enemy, and arrests him. But the former mates have to join forces against Frank's gangsters and many dirty cops. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Archie Moses (Adam Sandler) is a small time crook and thief who lives in Los Angeles, and he is working for a local drug lord Frank Colton (James Caan). He is unaware that his best friend Rock Keats (Damon Wayans) is actually an LAPD undercover cop, whose real name is Jack Carter, and who's seeking evidence against Colton, and he is trying to infiltrate Colton's gang. One night, Jack goes out with Moses and gets him drunk, and manages to get info from Moses, and he finds an address for one of Colton's fronts. During a raid on Colton's warehouse, Archie realizes that Jack is a cop, and he tries to escape the warehouse during the police raid, during which an out of control crane hits Moses in the back and he accidentally shoots Jack in the head, but he miraculously survives and makes a full recovery with the aid of his physical therapist Dr. Traci Flynn (Kristen Wilson). Moses then flees the state, and is subsequently found and arrested later on. Moses is brought into custody, and he agrees to testify against Colton, but the trial is at the other side of the country. After Jack's recovery, his superior officer Jensen (James Farentino) orders him to get Moses to transfer him personally to the courtroom. Having been bitter about the accident, Carter harbors resentment against Moses, and problems get escalated since a simple transfer has gone awry when Colton learns through bribed federal agents and Los Angeles Police Department officers of Moses's attempt to testify against Colton. Carter and Moses slowly mend their friendship and are successful in returning back to their local police department. However, Colton apparently holds Flynn hostage, and blackmails Carter into turning Moses over in order to save Flynn. Carter and Moses pretend to comply with Colton and shoot their way through Colton's guards. It is later revealed that Flynn was responsible for leaking Carter and Moses's whereabouts to Colton and was actually on Colton's payroll. Carter manages to distract Colton after Moses gets shot in the shoulder by Colton and after apprehending Flynn and Moses manages to kill Colton. Moses gives the incriminating documents on Colton to Carter, and he heads to Mexico, where he becomes a bullfighter, with Carter and Moses's mother later accompanying him. 
 What Happens Next (I) (2011)431) Paul, a closeted and self-unaware CEO in his 50's, retires and begins falling for a younger man half his age whom he meets in a dog park. At age 55, Philadelphia CEO Paul Grecco decides to make changes in his life, including the sale of his company, and that terrifies him. He was right to be terrified, because the new owners force him to retire early. His sister, Elise decides that the best things for him is a puppy she has gotten him, and dating the women that Elise sets Paul up with. It's funny though, but Paul finds himself disinterested in the women Elise fixes him up with, and oddly fascinated by a young man he meets while walking his new puppy in the park across from his condo. Paul has never really thought about dating or sex before, with anyone, so now what should he do? trivwhiz Successful CEO Paul retires at 55. His appearance-oriented socialite sister, Elise, gets him a french bulldog, which forces Paul to take it to a dog park where he meets comely 20-something dog-owner Andy. Meeting daily, Paul begins to investigate his life-long buried feelings, with attraction growing for Andy. Fortunately, Andy finds Paul mutually appealing. Elise, meanwhile, wants to see Paul married and tries matchmaking him with friend Irene, but Elsie also has issues over her art-photographer son, Brian, whom she mistakenly suspects is gay. statmanjeff Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Billionaire/Socialite Paul Greco (Jon Lindstrom, As the World Turns, General Hospital, & Port Charles) seems to have it all. Or does he? Upon the sale of his lucrative business, his retirement, and more money and time than he knows what to do with, there are many sudden changes in his life. Starting with his overbearing (but well-meaning) sister Elise (Wendie Malick, Just Shoot Me, Hot In Cleveland, and All My Children) who decides giving Paul a dog would be the perfect start. With little else to do, Paul assumes the daily dog walking routine in the park. There he encounters Andy Chance (Chris Murrah), a gay self-employed advertising whiz, who happens to walk his dog on the very same schedule. What starts as a casual daily meeting in the park, eventually develops into something a bit more questionable. Andy and Paul find themselves in a series of comedic situations in the give-and-take, of the differences in their personalities, upbringing, background and ages and, above all, the clarity of their undefined relationship. This gets even more complicated by the influential and overbearing women in both of their lives. Elise senses definite and curious changes in Pauls behavior and personality but becomes preoccupied about her own alternative lifestyle artist son, Brian (Ariel Shafir), with whom she has become seriously estranged. At the same time Andys adopted sister Roz (Natalia Cigliuti, All My Children), a high-powered art gallery owner becomes overtly uncomfortable with Andys fascination over Paul a straight philanthropist from an elite world of socialites and black-tie benefits. After many twists and turns in the screenplays story line, revelation, clarity and reconciliation are exposed and settled. The elements of discovery, surprise and delight are everywhere. What Happens Next explores the meaning, definition and redefining of family, the nature of relationships, the meaning of the varieties of love as a concept, attitude and human experience, fraught with laughter and surprise. 
 Rappin' 4-Tay Feat. the Spinners: I'll Be Around (1995 Video)Summaries Rappin' 4-Tay performs in the music video "I'll Be Around" from the album "Don't Fight the Feelin'" recorded for Chrysalis Records. The video begins with an older man playing a record for a young boy. Rappin' 4-Tay raps as he stands in front of a blue screen featuring a spinning record and later drives in a car. Archival video featuring the Spinners plays throughout. Shatterdaymorn It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 