nm0006689:

 Dil Chahta Hai (2001)761) Three inseparable childhood friends are just out of college. Nothing comes between them - until they each fall in love, and their wildly different approaches to relationships creates tension. Three young men Akash, Sameer, and Siddharth are close friends, but their tastes and characters are completely incompatible. So when Siddharth falls in love with a much older woman, Tara, a woman who has been unsuccessful in keeping her marriage intact as well as alcohol-dependent, widens the rift between the trio, forcing them to part company. Years later, the trio will be re-united, they will be much mature and understanding, but will they still accept Siddharth love for Tara, especially when they themselves have fallen in love with women around their respective ages? Sonia 'Dil Chahta Hai' is the story of three friends - Akash is fun-loving, non-believer in love. Sameer is always "ready" for love-but does not know its true meaning. Siddharth is the more serious of the trio. He is sensitive, understanding, caring ... in short the perfect man for any girl. He falls in love with a middle-aged, slightly alcoholic divorce Tara Jaiswal. Akash cannot understand this relationship and when he insults Siddharth's true love, Siddharth slaps him. This causes a rift between both and they go their separate ways. Subsequently Akash too realizes the meaning of true love when the vivacious, bubbly Shalini comes in his life. Same happens with Sameer when he meets Pooja. So finally we get to see how these boys become men. Soumitra Three young men name Akash, Sameer, and Siddharth are close friends, but their tastes and characters are completely incompatible. Akash is fun-loving, non-believer in love. Sameer is always "ready" for love-but does not know its true meaning. Siddharth is the more serious of the trio. He is sensitive, understanding, caring - in short the perfect man for any girl. So when Siddharth falls in love with a much older woman, Tara, a woman who has been unsuccessful in keeping her marriage intact as well as alcohol-dependent, widens the rift between the trio, forcing them to part company. Years later, the trio will be re-united, they will be much mature and understanding, but will they still accept Siddharth love for Tara, especially when they themselves have fallen in love with women around their respective ages? They all believe that they are mature men now and must think maturely. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com The film is about three distinct characters, Akash, Sameer and Siddharth, their individual relationships and the effect that these relationships have on them. Love. One term that can hold different meanings even for close friends like Akash, Sameer and Siddharth. Welcome to a summer of their lives. So you have Akash, who has been sent by his parents to live in Sydney, he does not believe in the concept of love. Two weeks is all that he is willing to give a perfectly healthy relationship. Incidentally, he feels even two weeks is a bit too much! Sameer, like a lot of us, is in love with the idea of being in love. He wants to be in love. But Sameer has not quite understood the concept yet and tends to wear his heart on his sleeve. So this young man is looking for the perfect woman in his life... The most mature, sensitive and understanding of these three is Siddharth. Sid, as he is fondly called, seems to know the true meaning of life. According to his friends, neighbors and even the dogs, Siddharth knows it all. The women who come and change their lives are Shalini and Tara Jaiswal. Anonymous This movie is entwined with the lives of three friends Akash Malhotra (Aamir Khan), Sameer (Saif Ali Khan), and Siddharth Sinha (Akshaye Khanna). Although their thinking and lifestyle is the same, they prove to be three very different individuals. Akash, who has been sent to live in Sydney, by his parents, does not believe in love and is experiencing romantic upheaval, but an impulsive action lands him a black eye and makes him consider having a life with the beautiful Shalini (Priety Zinta) when he sees her on the flight to Sydney, who is engaged to the charming and handsome Rohit (Ayub Khan). Sameer is a romantic, who will fall in love instantaneously, usually to have his heart broken and his valuables stolen. Sameer's parents want him to marry pretty Pooja (Sonali Kulkarni), but Sameer refuses to marry Pooja, when he learns that Pooja is in love with someone else; at the same time Sameer starts to fall in love with Pooja himself. And Siddharth is an artist, and gets attracted to a much older woman, Tara Jaiswal (Dimple Kapadia), who is also a divorcee, a mother, as well an alcoholic. Tara and Siddharth share the same artistic tendencies. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Akash, Sameer, and Sid have just graduated from college and take a trip to Goa to celebrate. At a scenic spot by the sea, they relax and vow to return there every year. Only Sid is skeptical that they will remain friends once life takes over. On their return, Sameer is arranged by his parents to marry Pooja, his parents' friends' daughter, while Akash's parents ask him to manage the family business in Sydney. Around the same time, Sid meets a new neighbor, Tara (a divorcee and much older than Sid) who lives alone and whom he helps to move in. Soon, two of the friends have fallen in love: Sameer with Pooja and Sid with Tara. Tara receives a distressing call from her ex-husband on her birthday. To cheer her up, Sid takes her out to celebrate with Akash and Sameer. After dropping her on the way back, he tells his friends that he loves her. Akash makes a disparaging remark about Tara's age, causing Sid to slap him. Akash and Sameer are both shocked, and the former leaves the night with anger. Sid leaves the town, and Akash departs for Sydney. On the flight, he runs into Shalini, a one-time acquaintance from college who agrees to show him around Sydney while there. Meanwhile, Sameer waits for Pooja to dump her much-disciplined boyfriend Subodh and eventually asks her out. Tara walks in on Sid telling his mother about his feelings and does not wish to talk with him for believing a relationship between them is possible. In Sydney, Akash is having a change of heart by falling in love with Shalini. Shalini, however, is engaged and returns to India to marry Rohit. The heartbroken Akash is asked to return home by his father. Encouraged by those around him and Shalini's uncle Mahesh, he talks to Shalini on the eve of her wedding and proposes to her. Shalini is conflicted by loyalty to Rohit's parents, who raised her after the death of her parents. Rohit's parents ask her to listen to her heart and marry Akash instead. In the present day, Sid finds Tara in an advanced stage of cirrhosis. He rushes to the hospital, but she passes away while still talking to him. Sid is devastated, but the night gave him the chance to reunite with Sameer and reconcile with Akash. Six months later, the friends return to Goa as promised, accompanied by Shalini and Pooja. At their picnic spot from earlier, Sid sees a woman in the distance who smiles at him. He approaches her and the film ends with the three couples enjoying dinner together at a restaurant. 
 Veer Zaara (2004)321) Veer-Zaara is a saga of love, separation, courage and sacrifice. A love story that is an inspiration and will remain a legend forever. Squadron Leader Veer Pratap Singh (Shah Rukh Khan) is a rescue pilot with the Indian Air Force. In the line of duty he comes across a stranded Zaara (Preity Zinta) --a girl from Pakistan who has come to India to fulfill her surrogate mother's dying wish. Veer saves her life, and his is never the same again. 22 years later Saamia Siddiqui (Rani Mukerji), a Pakistani human-rights lawyer on her first case, finds herself face-to-face with an ageing Veer Pratap Singh. He has languished in a Pakistan jail cell for 22 years and has not spoken to anyone for all these years, and no one knows why. Her mission is to discover the truth about Veer and see to it that justice is served. VEER-ZAARA is a saga of love, separation, courage, and sacrifice. A love that is divine, a love that is whole-hearted, a love that is completely consuming, a love that grows with separation and deepens with sacrifice. A love that is an inspiration--and will remain a legend forever. Official Source Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Squadron Leader Veer Pratap Singh is a rescue pilot with the Indian Air Force, who risks his own life to save the lives of others. One day, on duty, he comes across a stranded Zaara... a girl from Pakistan. Zaara, a carefree, sprightly girl has come to India to fulfill her surrogate mother's dying wish. She meets with a bus accident leaving her stranded in a foreign land. Veer saves her life... and his life is never the same again... Twenty-two years later, Saamiya Siddiqui, a Pakistani lawyer on her first case, finds herself face-to-face with an ageing Veer Pratap Singh. He has languished in a Pakistan jail cell for 22 years and has not spoken to anyone all these years - and no one knows why. Her mission is to discover the truth about Veer and see to it that justice is served. And thus starts her journey to unveil the truth... the story of Veer and his life... Why has Veer been silent for 22 years? Why is he in a jail in Pakistan? Where is Zaara? What happened to her? God has written the destinies of Veer and Zaara, such that they can never be joined together. Saamiya has come to change that... to join Veer and Zaara together... forever... Veer-Zaara is not an ordinary story - it is a Love Legend... Veer and Zaara's love legend. This is a saga of love, separation, courage and sacrifice. A love that is divine, a love that is whole-hearted, a love that is completely consuming, a love that grows with separation, deepens with sacrifice. A love that is an inspiration... and will remain a legend forever. 
 Dil Se.. (1998)55) A radio broadcaster's intense attraction to a mysterious woman opens the door to a tidal wave of powerful emotions and desires. Amar Varma, a producer for Indian news radio, meets an enigmatic woman at a railroad station and then again at a hill station. He falls in love with her, but the woman, who calls herself Meghna, rejects and leaves him although she seems to be interested. Later, Varma agrees to marry his family's choice, Preeti. But suddenly Meghna is back, and what is the secret that she holds? <sunilm@nwu.edu> Amar Varma is sent on a temporary assignment from New Delhi to one of the northern provinces as a journalist for All India Radio. While there, he becomes curious about an illegally formed separatist movement that is committing acts of terrorism to free themselves of India's rule. He secretly meets the head of the group and interviews him--but can't comprehend the group's grievances against the government. "We are all Indians, aren't we?" he asks naively. He also meets a mysterious village woman named Meghna at a train station and then later in town, and is immediately drawn to the sadness in her tired eyes. Later, she claims that all the laughter left her when she was 8 years old and had never returned. She shows absolutely no interest in Amar, but his obsession only grows and he continues to chase after her even after being beaten up badly by her brothers. Finally, he is called back to the capitol and realizes reluctantly that this is a love that is not meant to be. Upon returning, he discovers that his family has found a woman whom they want him to marry. This potential bride comes in the form of Preeti, an adorable, westernized woman who in truth makes a much better match for Amar than did his village fantasy. Pushing his love into the background, he agrees to marry Preeti, and a wedding date is scheduled--but then Meghna shows up on his doorstep asking for a place to stay, and he lets her in. She is, in fact, in Delhi to commit a horrific act of terrorism.... Hariharan Amarkanth Varma is employed with All India Radio as a reporter who is dispatched to cover festivities in the northeastern part of India. While waiting for a train at a remote and isolated railway station, he comes across an attractive young woman who refuses to help him. Both meet again, and this time she asks him to leave her alone because she says that she is married. Thereafter, her relatives severely beat up Amarkanth. He finds out during the beating that, in fact, she is unmarried. On his recovery he is unable to get her out of his mind. They meet again, and this time she identifies herself as his wife, even tells him to call her Meghna, and both become fairly intimate on a bus journey. Then the next day she vanishes. His search for her is in vain. Heartbroken and under pressure from his family, he agrees to marry a woman named Preeti Nair. On the day of his engagement to Preeti, Meghna shows up at his house and asks him to let her and a friend stay there for a few days. Amarkanth's family readily agrees, not knowing that this time Meghna has come with a private and deadly agenda of her own that will shake the very roots of the Varma family and India as a whole. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) In this story of the clash between love and ideology, the focus is on Amarkant Varma, a deceased army officer's son. As a program executive for All India Radio, he travels all over India to interview citizens to mark the 50th anniversary of Indian independence. On one of his trips, he meets and falls for an intriguing and mysterious woman, whom he finds out is named Meghna, and who seems to enjoy leading him on. He follows her all the way to Ladakh, and after only two days together, she leaves him to join a group of insurgents on a mission. Heartbroken, Amar agrees to marry Preeti, a woman of his mother's choice. Meanwhile, Meghna is chosen to lead a suicide mission on the Republic Day Parade, and when she runs into Amar again where the mission is to take place, their destinies intertwine. Q. Leo Rahman It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kal Ho Naa Ho (2003)651) Naina, an introverted, perpetually depressed girl's life changes when she meets Aman. But Aman has a secret of his own which changes their lives forever. Embroiled in all this is Rohit, Naina's best friend who conceals his love for her. The film's female lead, Naina (Preity Zinta) narrates the story. Her father had committed suicide years ago which left a deep impact on her heart. Her family is dysfunctional since her mother and grandmother just cannot stop arguing. But when Aman (Shahrukh Khan) arrives next door, the whole gloomy conditions change. Aman infuses life in skeptical and overtly serious Naina, and she falls in love with him. But Aman knows that he cannot marry Naina because of a secret which he cannot divulge to her. So he intends upon setting her up with her best pal Rohit (Saif Ali Khan). Soumitra Naina is a very serious girl with a very serious life. But one day, her soul is awakened by the happy-go-lucky Aman, who teaches her that life is meant to be lived. Naturally, she falls in love with him. But Aman is harboring a secret that keeps him from reciprocating Naina's love. But he cannot stand having her live a life without love, so he sets off on a mission to fill her life with someone else's love - someone she already knows.... anna bo banna Naina and Rohit are best friends. When Aman comes into their lives, their worlds are turned upside down. Aman tries to play matchmaker between them and succeeds as Rohit falls for Naina. However, Naina falls in love with Aman, who although also in love with her, rejects her love. Meanwhile, Aman goes around fixing Naina's family problems. Moneymaker Naina Kapur is the eldest of three and currently doing an MBA course in New York City. Her coursemate Rohit is a playboy wannabe who fails more than he succeeds, and the two befriend each other since she's one of the few women he doesn't plan to court. Naina lives with her mother and her paternal grandmother who, in essence, is your stereotypical mother-in-law. Not everything is going smoothly for the family. Their restaurant business is constantly in the red and family squabbles between the two in-laws are constant. However, the Kapur family still maintains their status quo, even if the children are unhappy about it. Enter Naina's new neighbour, Aman Mathur - a charismatic busybody who gets into everyone's face and then gets away with it. He brings a new life to the neighbourhood and slowly but surely begins to change the lives of everyone around him. He pushes people to become the best that they can be, and even gets Rohit spurred on enough to court Naina seriously. That is, until he realises that he's falling hard for Naina as well. And to complicate matters, Naina has also fallen for him. Peter Lin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Naina Catherine Kapur (Preity Zinta) is an angry young woman, for more than one reason. Her father committed suicide when she needed him the most, leaving his wife Jennifer (Jaya Bachchan) to raise their children all alone. The restaurant Jennifer operates is faltering. Furthermore, Naina's paternal grandmother, Lajjo (Sushma Seth), blames Jennifer for the suicide and refuses to accept Gia, a six-year-old girl whom Jennifer adopted, as her granddaughter, blaming her for bringing bad luck to the family. Naina has to put up with the daily fights that take place in the house as a result. The only factors that redeem her life are the toiling and tolerant Jennifer and Naina's bumbling MBA classmate Rohit (Saif Ali Khan) Aman Mathur (Shahrukh Khan) arrives in Naina's neighbourhood and soon changes everything. Noticing the sadness of his new neighbours, he intervenes. His well-meaning interference in their activities, his revival of their financial condition, and his general optimism soon change their lives for the better. Although Naina is initially reluctant to enjoy Aman's presence as others do and is irritated by his extroverted, overly-enthusiastic attitude, she grows to like him and eventually to love him. Meanwhile, her friend Rohit has fallen in love with her. On Aman's encouragement, he calls Naina for lunch but before he can propose to her, she reveals her love for Aman. Rohit informs Aman about this and leaves shortly for his parents' home. Naina goes to Aman's house where, to stop her from confessing her feelings to him, Aman tells her that he is married to a woman named Priya. Aman, it is revealed, is dying of a severe condition that is progressively weakening his heart. Knowing that his lifespan is limited, he goes through life facilitating friendships and courtship, and urging people to enjoy themselves in the present moment since "tomorrow might never come". His excursions into such altruism eventually lead him to sacrifice his love for Naina and instead playing matchmaker between her and Rohit. After a few weeks of courtship, Naina starts to like Rohit as more than just a friend and accepts his proposal of marriage. The tension within Naina's family also stops when Aman, after intercepting a personal letter addressed to Jennifer, reveals that Gia is Naina's half-sister through their father's extramarital affair. Lajjo finally accepts Gia, and the now-united family wholeheartedly prepare for Rohit and Naina's wedding. As the film progresses, Aman's health deteriorates. One episode of intense excitement nearly kills him. Naina, in a chance encounter, meets Priya, Aman's supposed wife who is actually his doctor. She then realises that Aman had lied about his being married to hide his true condition, and possibly, the fact that he may love her in return. She goes to see Aman, and although he defiantly refuses to admit his true feelings, she finally understands that he loves her as well. Aman convinces her to get married to Rohit anyway, because he will not be alive for much longer. Shortly after Rohit and Naina marry, Aman eventually dies of his weakness, with Rohit and Naina by his side. Sinjan 