nm0004655:

 Dead End (1999)Summaries Deja-vu, as an ex-detective turned best selling true crime author is confronted by the copycat unsolved serial killings he investigated as a cop ten years ago. And now, all fingers are pointed in his direction. This, compounded by Todd's severe, mysterious headaches and his untimely discovery that he's been adopted, turn his life into his own worst nightmare. Iren Koster In Melbourne, the former detective Todd Russell quitted the police force after an unsolved serial-killer case that has deeply affected him. Ten years later, Todd has become a successful writer, writing best-sellers about his cases. He lives with Lori Peterson and has an assistant, Ben Sykes. Todd has strong headaches and discovers that he was adopted after the death of his biological mother. When a copycat killer is investigated by Detective Inspector Wolcott and Special Agent Seaver, they seek-out Todd that refuses to collaborate claiming that he was traumatized by the case ten years ago. Now Todd becomes the prime suspect of the police. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mr. Nice Guy (1997)44) A Chinese chef accidentally gets involved with a news reporter who filmed a drug bust that went awry, and is now being chased by gangs who are trying to get the video tape. In Melbourne, the Chinese Chef Jackie has a successful show on television. The drug lord Giancarlo and his gang are dealing cocaine with The Demons gang, but they fight against each other. During the shooting, the snoopy reporter Diana and her partner are accidentally exposed and they flee with a VHS tape with the footage of the negotiation. On the street, she stumbles with Jackie and he helps her fighting against the gangsters. When they are escaping in his car, her tape accidentally mixes with other videotapes that Jackie has in a box on the backseat of his car. Jackie goes to his apartment and meets his girlfriend Miki while his nephews "borrow" the tape to watch. Meanwhile Giancarlo's gangsters are looking for the tape and abduct Miki. Jackie's friend Romeo, who is a police detective, chases the gangsters with other policemen while Jackie teams up with Diana and his friend Lakisha to release Miki from Giancarlo. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Melbourne, Australia. TV Journalist Diana tapes evidence against drug lord Giancarlo, but on her way away from the scene, she is spotted and has to run. In the street, she runs into TV cook Jackie, whose knowledge of martial arts helps her survive the threat. Accidentally, her VHS-tape then gets mixed up with some kid's films in Jackie's car and so all the bad guys are after him as well as Diana, without him knowing where to find the right tape. But when Jackie's visiting girlfriend Miki gets kidnapped for the tape as ransom, Jackie puts the image of being the nice and friendly TV cook aside and goes to see Mr. Giancarlo himself to get her back: playtime's over. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Jackie is a well known television chef who is drawn into a war between two rival gangs by a TV reporter, Diana, who has video taped Giacarlo murdering a rival. R. L. Strong <RS080455@PACBELL.NET> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Nothing Better (2015)Summaries When Sophie's husband Sam runs off with a younger woman, she sets a trap of delicious revenge and nothing is going to stop her from getting what she wants. Sophie's husband Sam has run off with a younger woman and with the help of some expensive lawyers is evicting Sophie from the family home. Her belongings are packed ready for the movers the next morning. That night she says goodbye with a candle lit dinner for one, with her favorites of prawns, caviar and champagne.The next day the movers collect her boxes and she closes the doors to a former life. One week later Sam moves back into the house with Penelope, his new love. But something is not right. Penelope is taken aback by the smell of the house. She doesn't like it at all. Sam smells it too. He attributes the smell as a result of the house being locked up and opens all the windows and doors to let in fresh air. That night, in bed, the last thing on Penelope's mind is passion; she can't get the smell out of her nostrils. She is not liking the house at all. Sam disappointed and frustrated decides to bring in cleaners to deodorize the place- top to bottom. The next day the cleaners vacuum, scrub and clean every inch of the house. One week later the smell hasn't gone. Sam and Penelope spray the house with air-fresheners but nothing helps. Finally Penelope breaks down to Sam. Her friends don't want to visit anymore, the cleaners have given up and the plumber has found nothing wrong with the pipes or sewerage. Sam concedes that it is time to move out. The house now has a "For Sale" sign. But there are no takers as the buyers are driven out by the smell. Six weeks later Sam and Penelope are signing the papers to their new home when Sophie calls. What happens next will surprise you and put a smile on your face. Vasili Papanicolou It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Trojan Warrior (2002)Summaries When a comical mob bag-man rats out the local mob boss, the bagman's cousin must rescue him from both the mob and the cops so he can testify at the grand jury. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 