nm0000093:

 12 Monkeys (1995)761) In a future world devastated by disease, a convict is sent back in time to gather information about the man-made virus that wiped out most of the human population on the planet. James Cole, a prisoner of the state in the year 2035, can earn parole if he agrees to travel back in time and thwart a devastating plague. The virus has wiped out most of the Earth's population and the remainder live underground because the air is poisonous. Returning to the year 1990, six years before the start of the plague, Cole is soon imprisoned in a psychiatric facility because his warnings sound like mad ravings. There he meets a scientist named Dr. Kathryn Railly and Jeffrey Goines, the mad son of an eminent virologist. Cole is returned by the authorities to the year 2035, and finally ends up at his intended destination in 1996. He kidnaps Dr. Railly in order to enlist her help in his quest. Cole discovers graffiti by an apparent animal rights group called the Army of the Twelve Monkeys, but as he delves into the mystery, he hears voices, loses his bearings, and doubts his own sanity. He must figure out if Goines, who seems to be a raving lunatic, holds the key to the puzzle. Claiming to be a time traveller from the distant 2035, James Cole--a delusional patient hospitalised in a 1990 mental institution--feels compelled to carry out his important mission: to save the world from a devastating virulent agent capable of annihilating billions. However, as Cole's psychiatrist, Dr Kathryn Railly, senses that there is more to him than meets the eye, a fateful encounter with another inmate--the unhinged, Jeffrey Goines--will trigger a string of unfathomable events, balancing between the past and the present, sanity and insanity. Now, all clues point to the extreme activist group known only as the Army of the Twelve Monkeys; nevertheless, is the reality Cole so eloquently describes, indeed, true, or is it only a disturbing but subjective hallucination? Nick Riganas An unknown and lethal virus has wiped out five billion people in 1996. Only 1% of the population has survived by the year 2035, and is forced to live underground. A convict, James Cole, reluctantly volunteers to be sent back in time to 1996 to gather information about the origin of the epidemic (who he's told was spread by a mysterious "Army of the Twelve Monkeys") and locate the virus before it mutates so that scientists can study it. Unfortunately Cole is mistakenly sent to 1990, six years earlier than expected, and is arrested and locked up in a mental institution, where he meets Dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Goines, the insane son of a famous scientist and virus expert. Giancarlo Cairella <vertigo@imdb.com> When Cole, a convict volunteer, is sent back in time to find information on a deadly virus that will destroy 5,000,000,000 members of the human race in 1996-1997, he mistakenly arrives in 1990. After explaining his plea to Dr. Kathryn Railly, he is placed in a mental institution. In 1996, he kidnaps Railly, using her to find the 12 Monkeys, a group of revolutionists that are planning to release the virus into select cities. But, he is wanted by the authorities for murder and kidnapping, plus he refuses to return to the future; he is in love with Railly. Scott Morris <nute@mhv.net> Terry Gilliam's nightmarish low-tech/high-tech future vision takes place in 1997, after a deadly virus has killed 99% of the human population--forcing the survivors to flee beneath our planet's surface. This leaves the (other) animals topside, to rule the Earth once again. The scientists select James Cole, an imprisoned sociopath, to return to the past and gather information useful in the defense against this contagion. Once back in time, he is to investigate the mysterious 'Army of the Twelve Monkeys' and report his findings. Scientific, social, and political themes like time travel (and its inherent paradoxes and nested loops), mental illness, the nature of reality, animal rights, and the Armageddon-potential of unchecked technological advances are artfully and cleverly explored. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story is set in the indeterminate future. A virus, deliberately released in 1996 in multiple locations around the world, has killed off nearly all of the Earth's population, at least five billion people. Survivors have established an elaborate underground civilization because the earth's surface is considered uninhabitable by humans. Animals roam freely having re-inherited the surface. From time to time prisoners "volunteer" to don protective gear and gather specimens of insects from the surface to test for the presence of the virus. One such prisoner is James Cole, who after retrieving samples is given the chance to go back in time to 1996 and find information about the group believed responsible, known as "The Army of 12 Monkeys." Throughout the ensuing episodes, Cole finds himself remembering, as if he were dreaming, various things that he witnessed as a child, including the killing of a man in an airport, a theme that persists through the story. Miscalculation sends Cole to 1990, and he finds himself incarcerated in an insane asylum after severely beating his arresting officers. His psychiatrist, Kathryn Railly, thinks she has met him before, but his ravings are incoherent to her. Eventually Cole is sent to an insane asylum where he is locked up with other mental patients. When he stands for evaluation by the hospital's board, including Railly, he asks if he can make one telephone call, a communication with the scientists of his time to retrieve him. The phone is answered by a random woman who has a bunch of crying children and knows nothing about any scientists. While he's in the asylum, Cole meets Jeffrey Goines, an off-the-wall patient who tries to help him escape, handing him a key to the day room's barred gate. Cole is quickly recaptured and restrained in an isolation room. When Railly & her boss, Dr Fletcher, enter the room to check on Cole, he has vanished, snatched back to his present time by the scientists who sent him there. He is interrogated by the scientists and given a second chance to complete his mission after telling the scientists that he was sent to the wrong year, institutionalized and drugged. A second miscalculation sends him to the battlefields of World War I, where he is shot in the leg. As he crawls around the trenches, naked and in pain from his wound, he spots a friend, Jose, who is wounded and being carried on a stretcher. Before he can talk to Jose, Cole is suddenly propelled into the future. Arriving in 1996, Cole kidnaps Dr. Railly and tries to convince her that he is from the future. He finds that Jeffrey Goines, whose father is a famous virologist, is now out of the asylum, working for his father, and has formed "The Army of 12 Monkeys." Cole is now racing against time, and after a few mishaps, finally decides that he wants to stay in 1996 with Dr. Railly, surrendering to the inevitable destruction of human life. They travel to Philadelphia, eventually finding a shabby storefront, the headquarters of Jeffrey Goines' Army of the 12 Monkeys. The organization is dedicated to animal rights and freeing them from abusive laboratories. The members claim they've severed their ties with Jeffrey because he'd become too unpredictable, radical and went to work for his father, whom they consider their enemy. Kathryn and Cole travel to Jeffrey's father's mansion where Railly removes the bullet Cole had picked up in the trenches of World War I from his leg. Dropping his kinder demeanor, Cole locks Railly in the trunk of their car, and leaves her in the woods. In the middle of a fundraising dinner, Cole meets with Jeffrey. Jeffrey rambles about how Cole, while they were both housed in the asylum, had given him the idea to release a virus that would destroy most of humanity. Cole leaves, chased by security from the mansion and finds Railly in the woods. While he rants about wanting to stay in Railly's time, a furious Railly honks the car's horn to try and attract attention from Dr. Goines' security, who are searching for them. When she turns to find Cole, he has disappeared again. Dr. Railly soon becomes convinced that somehow Cole knows something--his predictions of the outcome of minor events is too uncanny. The radio had been following the disappearance of a nine-year-old boy believed to have fallen into a mine shaft, but just as Cole said, the boy is found hiding in a barn and the disappearance was a prank played by the boy and his friends. The bullet she'd removed from Cole's leg proves to be pre-1920 and forces her to check a photograph from her own research, taken on the battlefield which, impossibly, shows Cole in the trenches. She becomes convinced that "The Army of 12 Monkeys" indeed poses a threat, and she begins searching for Cole in order to persuades him to take up his cause again. Railly continues her investigation of the clues Cole was collecting and makes her way to the same shabby storefront in the western district of Philadelphia she and Cole had visited earlier. While she pounds on their door, Cole suddenly appears. He's now convinced himself that he is delusional and wants Railly to help him. Inside the storefront, with his loyal followers and those who fear him, Jeffrey is rambling about how Railly found him, that she must have processed his thoughts through a complex computer system to predict his next location. He and his loyalists leave with him to carry out their plans. Ultimately, they do not release the deadly virus but kidnap Jeffrey's father and place him in a paddock at the zoo and release all the zoo's animals into the streets of Philadelphia. Cole and Kathryn learn the 12 Monkeys plan from the news. Cole realizes that the 12 Monkeys are not the threat, and he leaves a phone message to that effect. Shortly after, Jose appears and approaches Cole with orders for him to complete his mission and hands him a revolver. Cole initially refuses, but then notices a guard from the present glaring at him. Jose makes it clear Dr Railly will be killed if Cole does not comply. Meanwhile, the police are after Cole for kidnapping Dr. Railly. In an airport, while attempting with Cole to elude capture, Dr. Railly recognizes Dr Peters, a man who worked with Jeffrey Goines' father in the virology lab and who is "an apocalypse nut." She rushes to inform Cole and frantically identifies him, along with his travel plans, with Jose overhearing her rantings. The man goes through airport screening and manages to persuade security that his biological samples--one for each of the many cities on his itinerary--are harmless, briefly opening one vial and holding it very close to the screener's nose. Dr. Railly alerts Cole, and they attempt to stop the man. To Dr. Railly's horror, Cole is shot by the police while chasing the real perpetrator, who escapes to board his plane. Cole's death is witnessed by a boy named James, who is with his parents: the young James Cole. Cole's dream is finally revealed as a memory of his own death. Young Cole and Dr. Railly lock eyes for a moment. James' mother tells her son to forget about the incident and the family walks out of the airport to their car. On the plane, Peters takes his seat and starts a conversation with his fellow passenger. We recognize her as the lead scientist from Cole's present. Cole had stated once the virus was located, a scientist would be sent back to study it in its original unmutated form, so that a cure could be developed in the present. She identifies herself as "Jones" and cryptically says she's "in insurance." 
 Moneyball (2011)651) Oakland A's general manager Billy Beane's successful attempt to assemble a baseball team on a lean budget by employing computer-generated analysis to acquire new players. Oakland A's GM Billy Beane is handicapped with the lowest salary constraint in baseball. If he ever wants to win the World Series, Billy must find a competitive advantage. Billy is about to turn baseball on its ear when he uses statistical data to analyze and place value on the players he picks for the team. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) In 2001, General Manager Billy Beane's Oakland A's lose to the Yankees in the playoffs then lose three stars to free agency. How can Beane field a competitive team when the A's player salaries total less than a third of the rich teams'? To the consternation of his scouts, Beane hires and listens to Peter Brand, a recent Yale grad who evaluates players using Bill James' statistical approach. Beane assembles a team of no names who, on paper, can get on base and score runs. Then, Beane's manager, Art Howe, won't use the players as Beane wants. Can Beane circumvent Howe, win games, make it to the 2002 Series, and stand baseball's hidebound conventions on their heads? <jhailey@hotmail.com> The Oakland A's end their 2001 season with a loss in the AL fifth game of a best of five elimination series, still an admirable accomplishment seeing as the A's are considered a poor team with a payroll one-third of that of a rich team like the New York Yankees. During the off season, they lose three of their star players through free agency, most problematic being first baseman Jason Giambi . Without more money which he doesn't get from owner Stephen Schott, the A's GM, Billy Beane , knows that they will never win the World Series as richer teams will always be able to pilfer their best players - ones they have been able to nurture - with more lucrative contracts. Billy knows they have to think differently about how to replace the three, looking at what they require in combination rather than looking at the three as individuals, which is different than the way scouts have looked at players over the sport's history. In a meeting with Cleveland Indians management about players, Billy meets Peter Brand, a quiet Yale Economics graduate, who works for the Indians doing player analysis. Upon questioning Peter later in private, Billy realizes that purely academic Peter has much the same thought process as he does. Billy hires him as the A's Assistant GM after receiving what he considers the correct answer to Billy's question on his own checkered past as a first round 1979 draft pick which led to notoriety as a failure as a player. But once on the payroll, Peter convinces Billy to look at the entire dugout, and acquire undervalued players for what they can do in order for the team to win. As an example, they acquire former catcher Scott Hatteberg , whose career is seen as being over by all other teams due to an elbow injury that doesn't allow him to throw. Although not a hitter, they acquire him for his ability to "get on base" in whatever way required (usually by walks), and plan to teach him how to play first base, a generally non-throwing position. These moves don't sit well with the A's scouting team and sports analysts. Problematic is that the A's Manager, Art Howe , who also doesn't agree with or understand the strategy, refuses to listen to Billy about how best to manage the team as assembled. Billy knows that his and Peter's jobs are on the line if they don't produce, which he realizes means nothing less than winning the World Series. But more important to Billy is to show the world of baseball that his way is the right way. Huggo Bennett Miller's adaptation of Michael Lewis' non-fiction best seller Moneyball stars Brad Pitt as Billy Beane, a one-time phenom who flamed out in the big leagues and now works as the GM for the Oakland Athletics, a franchise that's about to lose their three best players to free agency. Because the team isn't in a financial position to spend as much as perennial favorites like the Yankees and the Red Sox, Beane realizes he needs to radically change how he evaluates what players can bring to the squad. After he meets Peter Brand (Jonah Hill), an Ivy League economics major working as an executive assistant for scouting on another team, Beane realizes he's found the man who understands how to subvert the system of assessing players that's been in place for nearly a century. However, as the duo begin to acquire players that seem too old, injured, or inept to play major-league baseball, they face stiff resistance from both the A's longtime scouts and the team's manager Art Howe (Philip Seymour Hoffman), who outright refuses to allow Beane's more-nontraditional acquisitions to play. When Billy gets his fired for his actions, Peter Brand (Jonah Hill) becomes GM and is the greatest GM ever. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Oakland Athletics baseball team won many games and succeeded in reaching the "Playoffs" games of the 2001 post-season. When they lose the elimination games against the Yankees, their general manager Billy Beane ( Brad Pitt ) is very disappointed. He knows that several good players will soon be leaving the team: i.e. star players Johnny Damon ( Johnny Damon ), Jason Giambi ( Jason Giambi ), and Jason Isringhausen. Beane negotiates for replacement players in the hope of assembling a competitive team for the following year, but the teams budget for payroll is limited. During a visit to the Cleveland Indians, Beane meets Peter Brand ( Jonah Hill ). Brand says that he is a Yale economics graduate. Beane sees that Brand has radical ideas about assessing players' value. Beane tests Brand's theory by asking whether Brand would have drafted him. Despite the fact that Beane was a Major League player before becoming general manager, and scouts considered Beane a phenomenal player, Brand says that he would not have drafted Beane until the ninth round. He adds that Beane would probably have gone to college instead. Sensing opportunity, Beane hires Brand as the Athletics' assistant general manager. The team's scouts are first dismissive of and then hostile towards Brand's non-traditional ideas for scouting players. Rather than relying on the scouts' experience and intuition, Brand selects players based almost exclusively on their on base percentage (OBP). By finding players with a high OBP but characteristics that lead scouts to dismiss them, Brand assembles a team of undervalued players with far more potential than the A's hamstrung finances would otherwise allow. Despite vehement objections from the scouts, Beane supports Brand's theory and hires the players he selected, such as unorthodox submarine pitcher Chad Bradford ( Casey Bond ). Following the free agent signings, Beane finds that he also faces opposition from Art Howe ( Philip Seymour Hoffman ), the Athletics' manager. With tensions already high between them because of a contract dispute, Howe disregards Beane and Brand's strategy and plays the team in a traditional style despite their unsuitability. Beane is eventually forced to trade away the lone traditional star player, Carlos Pea ( Gerardo Celasco ), to force Howe to use the new recruits. Early in the season, the Athletics fare poorly, leading critics within and outside the team to dismiss the new method as a dismal failure. Beane convinces the owner to stay the course, and eventually the team's record begins to improve. Ultimately, the Athletics win an unprecedented 20 consecutive games, setting the American League record. Their streak is capped with a victory over the Kansas City Royals. Like many baseball players, Beane is superstitious and avoids attending or sometimes even following games as they are in progress. His family convinces him to go to the A's game against the Royals, as Oakland is already leading 11 to 0 after the third inning and appears set to continue their winning streak. Beane arrives, only to watch the team go to pieces and allow the Royals to even the score. Finally, the A's do clinch the victory with a walk-off home run by one of Brand's picks, Scott Hatteberg ( Chris Pratt ). Despite all their success, the A's lose in the first round of the postseason, this time to the Minnesota Twins. Beane is disappointed, but satisfied at having demonstrated the value of his and Brand's methods. In closing, the film notes that Beane passed up the opportunity to become the general manager of the Boston Red Sox, despite an offer of $12.5 million a year salary, which would have made him the highest paid GM in baseball history. Also noted is Boston's World Series victory soon after in 2004, based on the theories that Beane pioneered. 
 Mr. & Mrs. Smith (2005)761) A bored married couple is surprised to learn that they are both assassins hired by competing agencies to kill each other. John and Jane Smith are a normal married couple, living a normal life in a normal suburb, working normal jobs...well, if you can call secretly being assassins "normal". But neither Jane nor John knows about their spouse's secret, until they are surprised to find each other as targets! But on their quest to kill each other, they learn a lot more about each other than they ever did in five (or six) years of marriage. Anonymous John and Jane Smith are a normal married couple, living a normal life in a normal suburb and working normal jobs, too. However, in reality, John and Jane are both skilled assassins working for different firms, both the best in their field, each concealing their true profession from the other. When both are assigned to kill a man named Benjamin Danz, nicknamed "The Tank", they encounter each other on the job and discover the truth. Both employers task one Smith to eliminate the other, and each must choose between their personal and professional lives. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} A married couple are getting bored with their quiet domestic life. What they don't know, however, is that they're both assassins, secretly hopping the world and killing for hire. But their separate lives are about to collide when they find out their next target is each other. Austin4577@aol.com John and Jane Smith are a married couple, both living unexciting lives and attending marriage therapy, as their passion has cooled since they got married. But what they don't know about each other is that they are both professional assassins working for two rival agencies. John's latest assignment is to eliminate Benjaiman "Tank" Danz, but it all becomes complicated when Jane is also assigned to eliminate the same target. Learning that they are both assassins and failing to eliminate Danz, John and Jane's separate employers decide that they try to take each other out (John kill Jane, Jane kill John). Engaged in a deadly game, John and Jane try to take each other out and learns more about each other as they try to finish the job and eliminate Danz. Daniel Williamson John and Jane Smith are a couple who have been married for 6 years and things appear to be normal. But it also appears that things are changing -- they are seeing a marriage counselor. And what neither of them know is that they are professional assassins. However, they are both assigned by their employers to kill the same person. When they each try to take out the target, they get in each other's way and blow the job. Now they are told to go after the person who made them miss the target. And when they learn about each other, they try to take each other out. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with John (Brad Pitt) and Jane Smith (Angelina Jolie) answering questions during marriage counseling. The couple has been married for "five or six" years, but their marriage is suffering to the point that they cannot remember the last time they had sex. They tell the story of their first meeting in Bogot, Colombia, where they met while both were secretly on the run from Colombian authorities. They quickly fell in love and were married. John later states that Jane "looked like Christmas morning" to him on the day they met. In reality, John and Jane are both skilled assassins working for different firms, both among the best in their field, but both with very different methods of assassination, with Jane working out thorough plans and John taking a less analytical approach. Each is concealing their true profession from their spouse. Under these cover stories, John and Jane balance their apparently mundane marriage which both of them find after a few years to be growing dull and suffocating with their secretive work. When both are assigned to kill Benjamin "The Tank" Danz (Adam Brody), they encounter each other on the job and botch the hit. Believing each had been sent to stop the other from completing their mission, they seek to discover and eliminate the other. After a few "mild" attempts on each other's lives, fueled by a mutual sense of betrayal, the marital spat culminates in a high-octane fight in the Smith house. After a long, evenly-matched fight, with their house shot to shambles, they wind up with guns in each other's faces. John balks, and lays his gun down; Jane finds she cannot shoot her spouse either, and both succumb to their love instead. Mr. and Mrs. Smith reunite and rediscover each other. The newly-rekindled Smith partnership is quickly threatened by their employers, who have now decided to eliminate the couple. John's best friend and coworker, Eddie (Vince Vaughn), turns down a bounty of $400,000 for each Smith, but John and Jane find themselves under fire from an army of assassins. Fending off an attack which blows up their house, the Smiths steal their neighbor's minivan and successfully destroy three pursuing armored cars of attackers, all while bickering over their fighting styles and newly-discovered personal secrets. After meeting with Eddie, the Smiths decide to fight together to preserve their marriage. They kidnap Danz from his high-security prison in order to give their employers something they want more than the Smiths. Danz reveals that he was merely bait, hired jointly by their employers after it was discovered that the Smiths were married, in the hopes of having one Smith kill the other. Danz also wears a cameo Fight Club t-shirt, referencing to Brad Pitt's previous movie of the same name. John and Jane forgo their separate contingency plans and make their stand together. In the final fight scene of the film, the Smiths now working smoothly together as a team defeat an extended attack by a large number of armed forces during a long shoot-out inside a department store. The film ends with the couple meeting the marriage counselor again, where the Smiths state how much their marriage has thrived and how happy they really are. 
 Ad Astra (2019)541) Astronaut Roy McBride undertakes a mission across an unforgiving solar system to uncover the truth about his missing father and his doomed expedition that now, 30 years later, threatens the universe. Astronaut Roy McBride (Brad Pitt) travels to the outer edges of the solar system to find his missing father and unravel a mystery that threatens the survival of our planet. His journey will uncover secrets that challenge the nature of human existence and our place in the cosmos. As a series of immense energy surges sweep the entire solar system and the unprotected Earth, the U.S. Space Command suspects that the reasons behind the space anomaly may be the ambitious Lima Project and the renowned long-lost astronaut, Clifford McBride. Now, Clifford's composed son and impeccable astronaut, Major Roy McBride, has to travel to the edge of the cosmos on a manned mission to the cold blue planet, Neptune, to see firsthand whether his father is still alive, and, hopefully, locate the source of a problem that threatens the stability of our vast galaxy. The answers we seek lie 4.3 billion kilometres away; however, in the unending emptiness of space, is Roy prepared to answer the ultimate question? Is anybody out there? Nick Riganas 30 years ago Dr Clifford McBride and his crew set off on an expedition to Neptune. At a point all contact was lost and the expedition is assumed to have failed. Now, life in the Solar System is under threat as strange energy surges are experienced, caused by activity on Neptune. US Space Command is convinced that McBride is behind this and sends McBride's son Roy, a highly competent and experienced astronaut, to Neptune to seek answers. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the near future, the Solar System is being struck by mysterious power surges of unknown origin, threatening the future of human life. After surviving an incident on an immense space antenna caused by one of these surges, Major Roy McBride (Brad Pitt), son of famed pioneering astronaut H. Clifford McBride (Tommy Lee Jones) is informed by U.S. Space Command (SpaceCom), the United States Armed Forces branch operating in Space, that the source of the surges has been traced to the "Lima Project" base. The Lima Project had been sent some twenty-six years prior to search for intelligent life from the farthest regions of the Solar System under Clifford McBride's leadership, and disappeared sixteen years prior in orbit around Neptune. A SpaceCom officer informs Roy that they believe Clifford may still be alive, and Roy is tasked with the mission of traveling to Mars to try and establish communication with him. Roy accepts the mission, and is joined by an old associate of his father, Colonel Pruitt (Donald Sutherland). After taking a commercial flight to the Moon, Roy and Colonel Pruitt are escorted by US military personnel to the SpaceCom lunar base, taking them across no-man's-land. En route to the base via lunar rovers, they are ambushed by scavenging pirates, who kill most of the group except for Roy and Pruitt. After reaching the base, a dying Pruitt is placed into intensive care. Roy transfers to a SpaceCom flight, crewed by four SpaceCom officers, whom make up of Captain Lawrence Tanner (Donnie Keshawarz), Donald Stanford (Loren Dean), Franklin Yoshida (Bobby Nish), and Lorraine Deavers (Kimberly Elise). The crew aboard the Cepheus then flies to Mars. During the journey to Mars, the ship receives a distress signal from a Norwegian bio medical research space station. Boarding the space station, Roy and the ship's captain find it abandoned, only to be attacked by an aggressive baboon escaped from the Norwegian station. The ape kills Captain Tanner before being neutralized by Roy. Another baboon attacks Roy but he is able to escape the station with the captain's body. While making a routine landing on Mars, another power surge hits the ship, forcing manual intervention. The interim captain finds himself too scared to fly, leaving Roy to take the controls and land the ship safely. Having landed on Mars, Roy is taken to the underground SpaceCom base, where he briefly meets Helen Lantos (Ruth Negga), the facility Director, and is then tasked with recording voice messages to be sent to the Lima Project, in hopes that Clifford will respond. After going off-script, the crew apparently receive a response, but Roy is abruptly taken off the mission, as his personal connection to the mission is deemed to pose a psychological risk to himself and the mission's success. While being kept in a "comfort room", he is visited by Lantos, who reveals she is a native Martian and has only been once to Earth as a child. She also reveals that she is the daughter of Lima Project crew-members. In a secret conversation, she shows Roy classified footage from the Lima Project, revealing that Clifford's crew mutinied against him trying to return back to Earth, leading him to kill them all by turning off their life-support systems, and that her parents were among the crew killed. She also tells him that the crew that brought him to Mars are soon heading to the Lima Project base themselves, where they intend to destroy it with a nuclear payload. The two decide that Roy is the only person who should confront Clifford, and Helen sneaks Roy out of the base, leading him to an underground lake beneath the rocket launch site. As the rocket takes off, Roy climbs aboard, and after being discovered, the crew is instructed to neutralize him. The ensuing altercation results, despite Roy's best efforts, in the death of the entire crew. Now alone, Roy takes command of the ship. During the long journey to Neptune, he reflects on his relationship with his father, as well as that of his estranged wife, Eve. The isolation and stress of the mission take a toll on his mental condition, but after several weeks he arrives at the Lima Project. While approaching the base in a small module, another surge strikes, damaging the module and forcing Roy to enter the base through a space-walk. Finding the Lima base nearly abandoned and most of its crew dead, he plants the nuclear payload and meets his father. Clifford McBride, now the sole survivor of the base, explains to his son that the cause of the surges is the ship's malfunctioning anti-matter power source, which was damaged during a mutiny, and which he has been unable to solve. Clifford also reveals that he has continued to work on the project all these years, refusing to lose faith in the possibility of non-human intelligent life. Despite his father's protests, Roy arms the payload and prepares to return to his ship with Clifford, who ultimately resorts to using the thrusters on his spacesuit to launch himself into deep space, refusing to go back to Earth. Roy tries to save him, but Clifford refuses the help, leaving a distraught Roy to watch as his father drifts away in Neptune's orbit. Alone, Roy manages to thrust himself back onto his ship, going through Neptune's ring using a piece of the Lima Project ship's hull to shield himself, while also bringing along with him the data retrieved from the base. Not having enough fuel to return on his own power, he uses the shock-wave from the nuclear explosion to propel the ship home. Finding that the Lima Project data strongly suggests that humans are the only intelligent life in the universe, Roy finds himself imbued with a renewed desire to reconnect with those closest to him, and returns to Earth with a new-found sense of optimism. He seemingly reconnects with his wife. 