nm0001667:

 The Tudors (20072010)Summaries A dramatic series about the reign and marriages of King Henry VIII. This costume drama features England's splendid Renaissance dynasty under King Henry VIII. Beginning in Season 1 when Henry VIII was growing desperate for an heir and growing distant from his first wife, the series moves quickly to the period when Anne Boleyn became his obsession. During this time Cardinal Wolsey rose to become the power behind his throne, ruling ruthlessly and nearly absolutely while Henry (played by Johnathon Rhys Meyers) for the most part followed the Cardinal's advice, maneuvering through a series of betrayals and plots against him. When Anne Boleyn plays much harder to get than any woman ever has, Henry begins to search for a way out of his marriage to Catherine of Aragon, so that he can make Anne his wife. Needing a divorce, Henry turns to Wolsey, who promises to help him create waves of backlash from the church, as well as the Spanish Habsburg dynasty and its overseas empire. Against this background gyrate the private lives and political intrigues of several members of the royal court and chancery. This includes Henry's friend and his sister Margaret's true love Charles Brandon, the Habsburg ambassadors, greedy and power-hungry schemers, their incidental victims and composer Thomas Tallis... KGF Vissers and Ayla Slessor It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The 12th Man (2017)55) They were 12 saboteurs. The Nazis killed 11 of them. This is the true story of the one that got away. True World War II story about Jan Baalsrud, one of the 12 saboteurs sent in 1943 from England to the Nazi occupied Northern Norway. After their boat is sunk by the Germans, Jan goes on the run towards the neutral Sweden. However, the brutal weather conditions turn out to possibly be an even greater foe than the Nazi patrols. Fact is stranger than fiction in this WW2 drama. The bravery of the main character is perhaps only overshadowed by the bravery of those helping him escape the Nazis hunting him. The scenery is breathtaking and you can feel the cold which is the greater enemy in this tale of survival against innumerable odds. A lesson in the goodness of human nature. mickyc-01642 Above the Arctic Circle in Northern Norway, the dramatic story of the young resistance fighter, Jan Baalsrud, unfolds. Jan is the only one out of twelve resistance fighters to escape the Germans, but the Gestapo is on his heels. Jan's moral fibre, incredible strength, and his courageous countrymen keep him alive. But when he seeks refuge in a mountain cave and ends up being trapped by a blizzard for two weeks, all hope seems lost. Nevertheless, Jan is recovered, weak, frostbitten and barely alive, but one question remains - will he make it to neutral Sweden before the Germans find him? March, 1943. Twelve British-trained Norwegian saboteurs are ambushed by German troops when they enter Norway. Eleven of the saboteurs are either captured or killed. The twelfth, Jan Baalsrud, manages to escape the trap but now there is a massive German manhunt out for him. The odds on him escaping back to the Allies are very slim. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Elvis (2005)Summaries A chronicle of the life of Elvis Presley, from his humble beginnings to his rise to international stardom. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Vikings (20132020)66) Vikings transports us to the brutal and mysterious world of Ragnar Lothbrok, a Viking warrior and farmer who yearns to explore - and raid - the distant shores across the ocean. The adventures of a Ragnar Lothbrok: the greatest hero of his age. The series tells the saga of Ragnar's band of Viking brothers and his family as he rises to become King of the Viking tribes. As well as being a fearless warrior, Ragnar embodies the Norse traditions of devotion to the gods: legend has it that he was a direct descendant of Odin, the god of war and warriors. History Channel The story of how Ragnar Lothbrok, a Norse farmer with a thirst for exploration, who becomes the king of the northmen. Lothbrok, clouded by ambition and an urge to attain supremacy leads his men and his family to glory in the historic lands of Britain and France. Archit srivastava The story of Ragnar Lothbrok who, in the 9th century, rises from simple farmer to King of the Vikings. Along the way he deals with internal crises, family issues and foreign foes, and discovers a few new lands. grantss Vikings is inspired by the sagas of Viking Ragnar Lothbrok, one of the best-known legendary Norse heroes and notorious as the scourge of England and France. The show portrays Ragnar as a farmer who rises to fame by successful raids into England, and eventually becomes a Scandinavian King, with the support of his family and fellow warriors. In the later seasons, the series follows the fortunes of his sons and their adventures in England, Scandinavia and the Mediterranean. jwscott-home The series broadly follows the exploits of the legendary Viking chieftain Ragnar Lothbrok and his crew, and later those of his sons. The first season of the series begins at the start of the Viking Age, marked by the Lindisfarne raid in 793. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 