nm0004783:

 Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 )Summaries A young woman, destined to slay vampires, demons and other infernal creatures, deals with her life fighting evil, with the help of her friends. "In every generation there is a chosen one... she alone will stand against the vampires, the demons and the forces of darkness. She is the slayer." Buffy Summers knows this tale by heart, and no matter how hard she tries to be just a "normal girl", she can not escape from her destiny... Thankfully, she is not alone in her quest to save the world, as she has the help of her friends, the hilarious (and surprisingly quite effective) evil-fighting team called "The Scooby Gang". Together, Buffy & co. will slay their demons, survive one apocalypse after another, attend high school and college... and above all, understand that growing up can truly be Hell sometimes... literally. m_starling It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Legend of Butch & Sundance (2004 TV Movie)Summaries Just before the turn of the Century two young outlaws team up for a historic ride. Based on historical references, the "True Story" of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. Midwest preacher's son 'Butch' Parker gets a pardon after a well-deserved year in jail on promise never again to commit crimes in Wyoming. He befriends naive ranch hand Harry, would be-crime king the Sundance Kid. In relative Mike Cassidy's gang, they rob targets defended by the ruthless Pinkerton Agency men. The gang becomes the Wild Bunch after Mike is killed and Butch takes his place, by now reputed Robin Hoods as the railroad is so unpopular. Having faked their death, they retire to a pueblo in Mexico with shared girl-friend, photographer Etta Place. Sergeant Sanchez wants the bounty on their heads, or a larger share of their loot. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Winter Break (2003)Summaries Four post-college men living in Aspen try to figure out what to do with their lives. Viscerally experience a "year off" in Aspen, Colorado with a group of recent college grads who have elected to defer graduate school and career opportunities to ski, snow-board, climb, party, fall in love and basically live life to its absolute fullest out in this spectacular mountain town. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Extremedays (2001)Summaries As four lifelong friends, Will, Bryan, Matt, and Corey, are on the road trip they've been planning their whole lives, Corey's beloved grandfather unexpectedly dies. When going to claim Corey's inheritance, the gang meets Matt's beautiful cousin Jessie and embark on a hilarious, extreme sports-filled adventure. doggans It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 