nm0004166:

 Darkworld (2006)Summaries Fallon is a gorgeous twenty-something with just a couple of flaws. For starters, she's dead. A close second, she has found herself in a new job serving as a soul huntress for an evil overlord. Fallon accepts her new role and quickly turns loose on humanity. Her sinister supervisor, Mr. Sixx, is greatly impressed. Over confident in his new student, he assigns Fallon to a forbidden case -- one that ignites terrible memories and turns her against him. Can faith and family survive an onslaught of soul-searing demons? What happens when Fallon discovers that her next target is someone that she greatly cares for? Adam Hackbarth It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Inbred Redneck Alien Abduction (2004 Video)Summaries Aliens meet their match. Abducting a bunch of crazed hillybillies can be a little messy. Government special agents are sent to the hills of Arkansas to investigate an alien abduction. The agents meet and "team up" with some back woods hillbillies to infiltrate the alien's mother ship. Once aboard the spacecraft, hillbillies and government agents alike must fight for their lives and escape their alien foes! It's DELIVERANCE, STAR WARS, CLOSE ENCOUNTERS and THE X-FILES, all chewed up and spat out as truly bizarre and twisted fun! You'll like it even if you don't own a double-wide! Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Studio 666 (2005)Summaries Cassidy, the lead singer of a band, lives with her boyfriend and band member, Neal. Cassidy records the torment of her silent pain and suffering in a private journal. Thinking Neal does not love her, Cassidy is devastated and commits suicide. Neal, shocked and horrified, witnesses the suicide. Three months following Cassidy's death, band members, Dora, Donny, Victor, and Neal visit Dr. Meso, a psychic, for answers. They question whether or not to continue recording their album with out Cassidy. After posing the question, Cassidy's spirit overtakes Dr. Meso's body. Cassidy addresses the band, and specifically Neal, before revealing four tarot death cards. The band returns to the recording studio where Rex and Madison are working on a recording of their own. During a session break, Cassidy's spirit takes over Dora's body. One by one, Dora isolates and murders each member. When Dora is finally killed, Cassidy's spirit is exorcized from the body. Will Cassidy need to kill those closest to her so her own pain subsides? None It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Poultrygeist: Night of the Chicken Dead (2006)55) Zombified chickens attempt to kill the fast-food workers that cook them in a restaurant built on an ancient burial ground. When the American Chicken Bunker, a military-themed fried-chicken chain, builds a restaurant on the site of an ancient Indian burial ground, local protesters aren't the only ones crying fowl! The previous tenants, fueled by a supernatural force, take "possession" of the food and those who eat it, and the survivors discover that they must band together before they themselves become the other white meat! Film lovers have been starved for sustenance. The relentless diet of predictability and pretense Hollywood has been serving up just doesn't cut it. Poultrygeist is hearty food for thought. In Poultrygeist, Troma takes on the the fast-food industry-skewering the soulless restaurateurs-in the world's first horror-comedy film to feature zombie chickens, American Indians and a bit of singing and dancing! It's Poultrygeist! Troma Entertainment A group of consumers, staff and ordinary citizens are trapped inside a chicken fast food restaurant which is being attacked by a chicken-possessed zombie demonic alien spirit because the building is erected on top of a sacred Native American burial ground. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com When Arbie's girlfriend turns out to be a lesbian, he decides not to go to college but to work at the American Chicken Bunker where she always protests. One thing, the American Chicken Bunker was built on an Ancient Indian Burial Ground and on Toxic Waste. What will Arbie do when the mutated toxic spirits of the Indians enter the dead carcass of the Chickens? It's POULTRYGEIST! ATTACK OF THE CHICKEN ZOMBIES! Ben Dover A former member of the Ku Klux Klan, General Lee Roy, now owns and runs a fast food chain 'American Chicken Bunker'. His new store is located on a site that was the burial ground of Native Americans. He has leased this franchise to an African-American, Denny, and has hired a Jew-hating/chicken-loving employee, Carl Jr.; a Burkha-clad Muslim woman, Humus; a Mexican, Jose Paco Bell; a male named Arbie, who is now called 'Daisy' amongst others. He attends the official opening of the store amidst protests from the local community of atrocities carried out on chickens, and the Indian burial grounds' desecration. Watch what happens when Lee Roy decides to pacify the protesters with free chicken meat. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 