nm0008279:

 Gandhi (1982)651) The life of the lawyer who became the famed leader of the Indian revolts against the British rule through his philosophy of nonviolent protest. In 1893, Mohandas K. Gandhi is thrown off a South African train for being an Indian and traveling in a first class compartment. Gandhi realizes that the laws are biased against Indians and decides to start a non-violent protest campaign for the rights of all Indians in South Africa. After numerous arrests and the unwanted attention of the world, the government finally relents by recognizing rights for Indians, though not for the native blacks of South Africa. After this victory, Gandhi is invited back to India, where he is now considered something of a national hero. He is urged to take up the fight for India's independence from the British Empire. Gandhi agrees, and mounts a non-violent non-cooperation campaign of unprecedented scale, coordinating millions of Indians nationwide. There are some setbacks, such as violence against the protesters and Gandhi's occasional imprisonment. Nevertheless, the campaign generates great attention, and Britain faces intense public pressure. Too weak from World War II to continue enforcing its will in India, Britain finally grants India's independence. Indians celebrate this victory, but their troubles are far from over. Religious tensions between Hindus and Muslims erupt into nation-wide violence. Gandhi declares a hunger strike, saying he will not eat until the fighting stops. The fighting does stop eventually, but the country is divided. It is decided that the northwest area of India, and eastern part of India (current day Bangladesh), both places where Muslims are in the majority, will become a new country called Pakistan (West and East Pakistan respectively). It is hoped that by encouraging the Muslims to live in a separate country, violence will abate. Gandhi is opposed to the idea, and is even willing to allow Muhammad Ali Jinnah to become the first prime minister of India, but the Partition of India is carried out nevertheless. Gandhi spends his last days trying to bring about peace between both nations. He thereby angers many dissidents on both sides, one of whom finally gets close enough to assassinate him. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) The last fifty years of the life of Mahatma Gandhi leading to his assassination in 1948 is portrayed. In the late 1800's South Africa, then Indian-British attorney Mohandas K. Gandhi takes up the cause of fighting what he sees as racially discriminatory laws against colored people such as himself and other ethnic Indians. Being that South Africa is part of the British Empire, he is hoping that news of such in the British press will support his cause. Although violence is used against him by the authorities, his protests are only by peaceful means. Having made a name for himself as a motivator of peaceful action which he does not want confused with passivity, Gandhi returns to India in 1915, when he has now abandoned his western clothing for more basic self-made garb of shawls and loincloths. He is asked by prominent Indian figures of the day, such as Jawaharlal Nehru , Vallabhbhai Patel and Muhammad Ali Jinnah , to join the fight for Indian independence from the British, despite some within that group believing Gandhi's methods ineffective. Because of internal religious conflicts between the Hindus and minority Muslims among others, the British believe that an Indian self-government would lead to chaos, which to Gandhi is beside the point. But Gandhi's ability to rally the troops is enough to strike fear in the British controlled authorities, who do whatever they feel they need to quash his quiet revolution while trying not to make him appear the martyr. Even if Gandhi and his cohorts are able to achieve independence for their homeland, Gandhi must figure out how to control the dissent between the Hindus and the Muslims. Among those documenting the process are American journalist Vince Walker and American photojournalist Margaret Bourke-White , both on the most part sympathetic to Gandhi's cause. Huggo This acclaimed biographical drama presents major events in the life of Mohandas K. Gandhi , the beloved Indian leader who stood against British rule over his country. Dedicated to the concept of nonviolent resistance, Gandhi is initially dismissed by English officials, including the influential Lord Irwin, but eventually he and his cause become internationally renowned, and his gatherings of passive protest move India towards independence. Jwelch5742 When Mohandas Gandhi first set foot in British India, he had already been to Britain and South Africa, and had created quite a stir for the betterment of the people. But in India, he realized that he had first to live the life of a peasant to understand what it is to be an Indian. This resolve will lead him to shed his westerners clothing, don a simple loincloth, mobilize awareness of local industry, lessen dependence on imported clothing and material, the historic Dandee march for withdrawal of the salt tax, a fast unto death to stop the virtual slaughter of British troops, and be imprisoned several times. His resolve was to work with stalwarts such as Mohammed Ali Jinnah, Sardar Valabhbhai Patel, Professor Gokhale, J.B. Kripalani, Maulana Azad, and Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru to ensure first of all to get the British to quit India, and then run an Indian Government under the Congress party. Gandhi will soon realize that it is not enough to be just an Indian, for India has many facets - Muslim, Hindu, Sikh, Jewish, and Christian. The British relied on these many facets as an excuse for their continuance as they wanted to ensure that the minorities are not oppressed. Concerned over the inroads made by Gandhi to unite the Hindus, Muslims, and all others under a common umbrella, the British invited Jinnah for talks, and it is here that a seed was laid for a separate country called Pakistan. When Gandhi came to know about this, he pleaded with Jinnah to unite the Muslims, even take over as the first Prime Minister with his choice of Muslim candidates for Parliament, but separatist Jinnah had already made up his mind. The World Wars of 1914 and 1944 having taken its toll on Europe, and on Britain in particular, the weary British finally decided to leave India in 1947 - not the India they had conquered - but an India that was ready to be divided in East Pakistan and West Pakistan. Now after the much awaited independence was the real test for Gandhi - a test that will make him or break him - as he started a fast unto death to try and stop the violence that was threatening to break out into a civil war. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story begins with the assassination of Mohandas K. "Mahatma" Gandhi (Ben Kingsley) in New Dehli, India on January 30, 1948 when he is shot by a young Hindu man three times in his chest. The following funeral procession is a long one and his body is conveyed on a jeep covered in flowers. The story flashes back to Gandhi's early days as an attorney in 1893 in South Africa. He is thrown off a train by the racist conductor for sitting in the segregated first-class compartment despite possessing a ticket to be there. He later stages a non-violent protest in the center of town where, with several police officers and officials present, he burns work permits that all non-Afrikaners are required to carry and present to police when demanded. Gandhi's reasoning is that the permits are an unfair and oppressive symbol of Afrikaner rule over minorities. As he burns them, he is struck by a police officer on the hand. Though quite plainly in pain, Gandhi continues to burn the permits, his will overcoming the blows from the officer. He is finally knocked down, unable to continue his protest and is arrested. When he's freed from jail, he meets a young American reporter, Walker (Martin Sheen), with whom he converses about the oppression of the masses by a handful of bureaucrats. While they walk, Gandhi is confronted by an angry youth (Daniel Day-Lewis in a bit part) and his friends. They demand that he pay them to walk down their street. Gandhi refuses in the face of obvious bigotry. When the young man's mother calls him inside, Gandhi and Walker continue down the street. In 1915, Gandhi travels back to his home country of India. When he arrives there he is met by members of the press who know of his exploits in South Africa. They ask if he'll take up any political causes, especially those in opposition to the British rule of India. Gandhi politely refuses the requests, saying he's only going to his home city of Porbandar. His wife accompanies him. Gandhi's real plan is to organize a non-violent protest against Britain, knowing that millions of Indians will follow him. Very soon Gandhi realizes that the British rule of India is harsh and oppressive, having grown more so since he left to pursue his law degree and is growing worse each day. One of Gandhi's first public protests is against the British textile industry. He urges his followers to weave their own cloth for clothing and other needs and burn the British cloth they've been forced to buy and wear for decades. However, many Indians, both Muslim and Hindu, stage more aggressive protests. The crowds become angry mobs when they are attacked by the police. Gandhi appears inwardly angry that his message has been misunderstood. He is later arrested by the British on charges of inciting the violence of his people. When he stands before the judge -- who himself stands in respect when Gandhi enters the court chamber -- he refuses to comply with the judge's decree to merely impose a fine on the defendant. The judge, though showing great respect for the defendant, sentences Gandhi to serve time in prison for several years. A few years later in 1919, in Amritsar, a city in Northern India, a group of Indian citizens gather in the Jallianwala Bagh garden to protest an unfair town curfew. Though the protest was peaceful, a British general, Reginald Dyer (Edward Fox), orders his troops into the garden. They take up firing positions in the courtyard. When one of his lieutenants suggests that the protest is peaceful, the racist Dyer says that the people have "had their warning" and commands his troops to open fire. Thousands, including women and children, are killed. A trial is held by the Hunter Commission, comprised of British and Indian officials. Dyer himself testifies and is at first quite proud and defiant, claiming he wished to "inflict a lesson that would be felt through all of the India". When asked if he'd ordered his troops to fire at the thickest part of the crowd, he says yes. He also states he would have used the machine gun on the tank that accompanied his troops (it was unable to fit through the narrow passage to the garden). When an Indian attorney asks Dyer if he attempted to help the wounded in any way, he becomes agitated and says he would have. A British official asks him how a wounded child that had been shot would be able to approach him for help. Dyer is silent. Nevertheless, the incident generates great attention, and Britain faces intense public pressure. Gandhi, Jawarlalhal Nehru and several other officials representative of the Indian state and it's people, Hindu, Muslim and other cultures alike, meet with British nationals. Gandhi tells them that they are "masters in someone else's home" and they should leave India forever. The Brits argue that without their rule, India will likely tear itself apart. Gandhi retorts that there will be problems but they will be India's problems, not the British. Though Gandhi continues his wish for civil disobedience, riots continue to break out. Gandhi stages a personal fast as a means of protest. Though his action is successful, violence continues. In 1931, Gandhi stages his most famous protest: the Salt March. He marches 240 miles from his home to the ocean to make salt in defiance of British regulations. The march is a great success and further disrupts British rule. Gandhi continues his diplomacy with the other heads of the Indian state to insure that when India gains it's sovereignty that all the faiths of the country, chiefly Hindu and Muslim, will live together peacefully. After World War II ends, Great Britain finally grants Indian independence in August 1947 with India becoming a commonwealth. Indians celebrate this victory, but their troubles are far from over. The country is subsequently divided by religion. It is decided that the northwest region and the eastern part of India (current-day Bangladesh) around Calcutta, both places where Muslims are in the majority, will become a new country called Pakistan. It is hoped that by encouraging the Muslims to live in a separate country, violence will abate. Gandhi is opposed to the idea, and is even willing to allow Muslim leader Muhammad Ali Jinnah (Alyque Padamsee) to become the first prime minister of India, but the Partition of India is carried out nevertheless with Jinnah becoming the Governor-General of the Commonwealth of Pakistan. Religious tensions between Hindus and Muslims erupt into nationwide violence. Horrified, Gandhi declares another hunger strike in the city of Calcutta, saying he will not eat until the fighting stops. The fighting does stop eventually. While weak and barely able to speak, he is confronted by a Hindu man who confesses that while enraged over the death of his young son at the hands of Muslims, he killed a young Muslim boy himself. Gandhi tells the man how to achieve forgiveness: he must find a young boy whose own parents have been killed and raise the boy as his own -- but the boy must be a Muslim and the man must raise him as one. The aged and in ill-health 78-year-old Gandhi (aware that he might not live through the year) spends his last days in January 1948 trying to bring about peace between both nations. He thereby angers many protesters on both sides, one of whom (Godse) is involved in a conspiracy to assassinate him. As Godse shoots Gandhi in a scene recalling the opening, the film cuts to black and Gandhi is heard in a voiceover, saying "Oh, God!" The audience then sees Gandhi's cremation; the film ending with a scene of Gandhi's ashes being scattered on the holy Ganga. As this happens, viewers hear Gandhi in another voiceover from earlier in the film: "When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love has always won. There have been tyrants, and murderers, and for a time they can seem invincible, but, in the end, they always fall. Think of it. Always." 
 Gandhi to Hitler (2011)Summaries Adolf Hitler assists India in it's freedom struggle against the British, while Mohandas Gandhi writes to him to end violence. Chancellor Adolf Hitler assists Azad Hind Fauj, led by Subhas Chandra Bose, which include a group of Indians who are frustrated with the Gandhian manner of non-violence to compel the oppressive British to quit their country. Punjab-based Balbir Singh is one such member of the Fauj, who has left his wife, Amrita, and son, Veer, behind. Ironically, Amrita is a follower of Mohandas Gandhi, and patiently awaits her husband's return home. Mohandas writes to Adolf, addressing him as 'dear friend', imploring him to end the violence. The allies, which include America, Russia, Britain and France close in on the Germans, while Adolf, a little perturbed by defectors, but still in company of many loyal supporters, is determined to continue, and even makes preparations to wed his mistress of 12 years, Eva Braun. Meanwhile Balbir and the rest of the Fauj must risk their lives through treacherous territory, allied soldiers, and quite surprisingly - they themselves - when they end up bickering and fighting with each other. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Om Shanti Om (2007)651) In the 1970s, Om, an aspiring actor, is murdered, but is immediately reincarnated into the present day. He attempts to discover the mystery of his demise and find Shanti, the love of his previous life. Om Prakash Makhija is a Junior Artist in the 1970s Hindi film industry and in love with actress Shantipriya. Om rescues Shanti from an out-of-control fire scene and they become friends. His hopes seem to be coming true--until he finds out that she's married to film producer Mukesh Mehra and expecting his child. He then watches in horror as Mukesh, after luring her into an abandoned studio, sets it afire to prevent a financial loss and protect his career. Om attempts--unsuccessfully--to rescue her and eventually dies himself. 30 years later, Om has been reincarnated as the only son of Bollywood actor Rajesh Kapoor, and is himself an actor. His memories start to return when he meets his widowed mother Bela, from his previous life. He also meets Mukesh and they decide to make a movie, 'Om Shanti Om'. Om hires a look-alike of Shantipriya and hopes to force a confession from Mukesh, but things go awry and Om finds his life endangered once again. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Bollywood junior artiste Om Prakash Makhija hopes to make it big in life and is infatuated with popular starlet Shantipriya. But alas!--Shanti is to marry film producer Mukesh Mehra and is already pregnant by him. This crushes Om's hope of uniting with Shanti, but he is forced to rescue her when Mukesh lures her into an enstrangled position, resulting in the death of both. 30 years later Om is re-born to yesteryear Bollywood actor Rajesh Kapoor and is himself an actor. He meets with Mukesh and together they attempt to make a film 'Om Shanti Om'. Here Om will reunite with his beloved Shanti and start to regain his memory, which forces him to investigate--endangering his life once again. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Junior artist Om Makhija dreams of becoming a big star and is in love with top actress Shantipriya. He spends most of his time in film studios with his friend Pappu, and they have had small roles in some big films. During a shoot Om saves Shantipriya and they become friends, and Om tries to express his love to her. Later he hears Shantipriya and producer Mukesh Mehra talking about their secret marriage and is devastated. Mukesh decides to shelve his film as Shantipriya is pregnant, but kills her instead. Om witnesses the murder before he too dies. Years later he is reborn as Superstar OK and recollects his past life when he comes across Mukesh--now known as Mike--and decides to work on a film with him. During auditions he meets Sandy, a Shantipriya lookalike, and with her and Pappu he plans to have Mukesh confess to Shantipriya's murder. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Om Prakash Makhija is a junior artist who dreams of becoming a hero overnight; his mother Bela inspires and encourages him to become a success. He gets to meet Shanti Priya one day and finds out that she is very popular, after a few misunderstandings, Om finally falls in love with Shanti, but is unable to express it to her. He gets to attend her first film, Dreamy Girl, by masquerading as actor Manoj Kumar. He also saves her in a filming episode from an uncontrollable fire and both became good friends. Om asks her out on a date and she agrees. Om is ecstatic and plans a wonderful evening for her, using props and a film set and several backgrounds in a studio to woo her, and she finally attends but under the pretext of a friend. The following day, Om tries to talk to Shanti on the sets of a film but she looks very preoccupied. He follows her into a makeup room and overhears her arguing with top producer Mukesh Mehra, and learns that she is married to him and expecting his child. Shocked and heartbroken, Om flees. One night, he notices Mukesh escorting Shanti to the set. He sees it catch fire and realizes that Shanti is trapped inside. Om tries to save Shanti, but is trapped and severely beaten by Mukesh's guard. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the 1970's, Om Prakash Makhija (Shah Rukh Khan) is a junior artist in the film industry. He and his friend Pappu (Shreyas Talpade) are trying to become big heroes one day. Om's mother, Bela Makhija (Kirron Kher), inspires and encourages her son to become a hero. Om's whole family consists of junior artists. Om's love interest is the country's heart throb and the star of the film, Dreamy Girl, Shantipriya (Deepika Padukone). During the Dreamy Girl premiere, the pallu (scarf) of Shanti's sari gets entangled with Om's hand. Pappu steals an exclusive pass that belongs to Mr. Manoj Kumar to watch the premiere, but have to run out when the real Manoj Kumar appears. While being dragged out of the theater Om manages to get Shanti's attention and he swoons under her gaze.(He does this alot). During the shooting of film in which Shanti stars and Om is an extra, the set catches fire in an uncontrolled manner. Shanti is trapped inside the set and Om rescues her, hurting himself. After the incident, Shanti comes to thank him personally, and incidentally she overhears Om's love for her. They become good friends. Pappu says to Shanti that Om is a big superstar of south India film industry, and even calls her to watch him during a shoot. A hilarious scene of Om fighting the bad guys & a stuffed tiger in true South Indian style being shot by a fake crew occurs. However, the truth is revealed to Shanti that he is really a junior artist and not a big star. She tells him that she thinks that he is a star to her, and he can ask her to do anything he wants, except jump into a fire. He asks her to spend one evening together. Shanti comes to meet Om hidden in a muslim woman's burkha. Om asks Shanti to bring out her hand and ask for love to anyone she loves. After that day they often meet each other. Next day Om manages to pass security and tries to meet Shanti in her dressing room. He overhears that Shanti is already married to the producer Mukesh Mehra (Arjun Rampal). Mukesh first says that he wants to keep their marriage under wraps as a married heroine is not accepted in tinsel town. Mukesh also tells Shanti that he cannot officially accept this because a rich businessman is financing his upcoming film Om Shanti Om for which he requires 40 lakhs rupees. The truth is he is getting married to the daughter of the businessman. Shanti then reveals that she's pregnant & Mukesh is overwhelmed. Om gets heartbroken and tries to avoid Shanti. One night as Om is sitting near a set of Om Shanti Om he finds Mukesh and Shanti driving in to the set. Unknown to them, Om creeps into the set and sees Mukesh telling Shanti that he has decided to cancel the film and he is going to reveal his marriage with her to the public. He also tells Shanti that he will destroy the set after they have a marriage ceremony on it. Om hears all of this and leaves, unable to hear anymore. After Om is gone, Mukesh changes his behavior and he holds Shanti responsible for his financial loss and sets fire in the set of the film. Om sees Mukesh going away in his car & Shanti trapped inside, crying out for help. He tries to help her, but Mukesh's security guards beat him up. Even after the beating, Om tries to save Shanti by going into the set, but in vain. A blast occurs Om is thrown outside and he sees the set explode, killing Shanti. As he runs for help, he is hit by a car owned by Rakesh Kapoor (Javed Sheikh), a well known actor who was rushing his pregnant wife to a hospital. Rakesh takes him to the hospital, but Om dies. The film moves 30 years on after the incident. Om is reincarnated as Om Kapoor, son of Rakesh Kapoor, who was born right after Om Makhija dies and has a burn mark like the Om sign on his wrist (where Om had a tattoo). He is seen as a rising star, a star's kid, and a rich brat, who is also known as "OK". During the shooting, Om freaks out because of the special effects fire eruptions & it is revealed that he is terrified of fire. Om Kapur sees Om Makhija's mother running along side his car. He does not recognize her yet but she recognizes him. Deciding to move onto a new film project, he has his assistant set up a shoot for the next day. They choose the same burnt studio and set of the old Om Shanti Om. As soon as he sees it, Om gets the feeling that he has been there before. As Om visits the burnt set, he remembers everything about his past life. The Filmfare Award ceremony follows, in which Om wins best actor. During the party that follows, he meets Mukesh now Mikey, who has been a popular Hollywood producer for the past 25 years. Om goes to meet Pappu and Bela, Om's mother. He decides to remake the film Om Shanti Om with Mukesh as a way to trap him into confessing for his crime. During the audition for the role of Shanti, the crew meets Sandy or Sandhya, a look-a-like of Shantipriya who swoons the same way he used to swoon whenever he saw Shanti. Sandy is then trained to walk & talk like Shantipriya. Om lashes out at her when she starts laughing while she's reciting a serious dialogue. He then reveals is story to her & Sandy then says that she would've believed him anyway because she loves him. Om then takes Mukesh to the burnt film set (where he killed Shantipryia) to announce the beginning of the film. Here, Om tries to re-enact the whole murder with the help of the new cast of Om Shanti Om with a young actress who Mukesh often looks at with lecherous intentions. Sandy often appears to make Mukesh believe that Shanti has turned into a ghost & he begins to believe that he's going crazy. Later on at the launch of it's music release, Om does a song & dance number where he reveals the whole story. Suddenly a chandelier hits Mukesh's head, making him unconscious. After he wakes up, he finds there is no one in the set except him and Om. Om faces Mukesh and they started fighting. Mukesh reveals that he knows about the plan & his fake Shanti. Sandy appears and starts to speak lines which were not part of their plan, lines that nobody knew about. She reveals that Mukesh came back after burning the set to take care of her body and buried her underneath the set's floor even though she was still alive. Om realizes that she is actually Shanti's ghost when Sandy & his friends burst through the front door. The ghost Shanti kills Mukesh by making a chandelier fall on him. At the end, Om sees the ghost of Shanti tearfully bid him good-bye. She and runs up the stairs and disappears. It is implied that Om and Sandy (who was never the reincarnation of Shantipriya) get together in the end. 
 Main Hoon Na (2004)541) An army major goes undercover as a college student. His mission is both professional and personal: to protect his general's daughter from a radical militant, and to find his estranged half-brother. When India and Pakistan decide to end their hostilities, there is one army person in India who is unhappy, because of his son's death in the Indo-Pak war. He decides to launch terror attacks and bring an end to peace, and for this purpose he shoots and gravely injures an Indian army officer, then decides to do away with the man's daughter Sanjana, who is studying at university. Raghavan and his men descend on the campus and hold over 100 students hostage. There is only one student who can save them, and his name is Ram, he claims he is a student, but is here on a mission--a mission that when told will reveal his real identity and two plans which he must carry out simultaneously. Sumitra (corrected by Iqbal) The governments of India and Pakistan have launched, "Project Milaap", where both the governments will release the POVs from the previous wars. Raghavan, a deranged ex-army-man-turned-militant, does not want the peaceful operation to turn to reality and makes an attempt on Gen. Amarjeet Bakshi's life. While trying to rescue Gen. Bakshi, Brigadier Shekhar Sharma falls prey to a stray bullet. On his deathbed he confesses to his son Major Ramprasad Sharma that his wife and son had left him many years ago due to his infidelity. He tells Ram his last wish: his family be reunited under one roof--and then he dies. Meanwhile, Gen. Bakshi tells Ram that his teenage daughter Sanjana's life is in danger, and asks him to go undercover to Darjeeling and pose as a student in Sanjana's class . As the fate would have it, Ram learns that his younger brother Laxman "Lucky" is studying at the same college. So Maj. Ram starts off on his dual mission: personal and national. Soumitra Laxman Prasad Sharma lives with his mother Madhu in a small town in India. He studies in a local college and has a sweetheart, tomboyish Sanjana Bakshi. The College gets a new student when Ram joins; initially there is considerable friction between Ram and Lakhsman, which soon turns to close friendship. Lakhsman even rents Ram a room in his house and introduces him to his mother. Then all hell breaks loose on campus when renegade former Indian army soldier Raghavan Datta holds about 100 students hostage to stop the prisoner swap between India and Pakistan. Raghavan also exposes Ram for what he really is--a fact that Ram had managed to conceal from all the townspeople and collegians, and an ulterior motive for entering the lives of Lakhsman and Madhu. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie takes place against the background of the political relationship between India and Pakistan. The governments of the two countries have launched "Project Milap", where both the governments will release the POWs from the previous wars. Major Raghavan (Sunil Shetty), a rogue ex-para commando-turned-militant does not want the peaceful operation to turn to reality, and makes an attempt on Gen. Amarjeet Bakshi (Kabir Bedi)'s life. While trying to rescue Gen. Bakshi, Brigadier Shekhar Sharma (Naseeruddin Shah) falls prey to a stray bullet. On his deathbed, Shekhar confesses to his son, Major Ram Prasad Sharma (Shahrukh Khan), that Ram is his illegitimate child, and his wife and son had left him many years ago due to this infidelity. He tells Ram that his last wish is to see his family reunited under one roof, and dies. Gen. Bakshi tells Ram that his teenage daughter Sanjana's (Amrita Rao) life is in danger, and asks him to go undercover as a student in Sanjana's class, to ensure her safety. Ram is reluctant at first but then learns that his younger half-brother Lakshman "Lucky" (Zayed Khan) is studying at the same college. Ram agrees, and starts off on his dual mission: personal and national. At first, Ram is not able to fit into college life due to his age and military background. Ram meets Sanjana, who is Lucky's friend and is secretly in love with him. Lucky is portrayed as a popular student who is not interested in studies and has been at the college for some time now, unable and unwilling to pass his final year. Sanjana is constantly irritated by Ram because of his attempts at friendship, and tells him to stay away from her. Lucky and another student, Vivek, then end up in a competition, which involves getting to the roof of the school. Lucky slips off the roof, but is caught just in time by Ram, and this causes the two to become friends. Soon thereafter, Mrs. Sharma (Kirron Kher), Lucky's mother, advertises for a paying guest in their house in order to make ends meet, and Ram takes this opportunity to live in their house. Ram finally starts adjusting to college life, building a good relationship with the other students and himself. He succeeds in wooing his lecturer, Ms. Chandini (Sushmita Sen), and Lucky and Sanjana engage in a romantic relationship. At the same time, Major Raghavan arrives at the college, also posing undercover as a member of staff. Mrs. Sharma and Lucky find out that Ram is actually Shekar's son, and kick him out of their house. Ram then explains why he entered their lives, revealing his father's ashes and his last wish. This causes Mrs. Sharma to have a change of heart and realize her mistake of not reuniting with Brig. Sharma when he was alive. Major Raghavan kidnaps Sanjana and holds a large number of students and staff members hostage. In return for their safety, he wants Ram to call off the prisoner exchange program. Raghavan and Ram engage in a dangerous battle and Ram emerges as the victor. The film ends on a positive note, showing the success of Project Milap. 