nm0007730:

 Happily Even After (2004)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dream with the Fishes (1997)Summaries Terry is a suicidal voyeur who treats a dying addict to a final binge, but Terry will only do this if he promises to kill him. Terry is a suicidal voyeur who doesn't seem to be able to kill himself. While preparing for jumping off a bridge, he meets Nick who ends up saving his life. Terry discovers that Nick is terminally ill and doesn't have much time left. Scared by the lack of time, Nick offers Terry a deal he can't refuse: Terry will become the beneficiary of Nick's life insurance or, since money doesn't matter to Terry, Nick promises to kill him before he dies. All Nick asks is Terry's help to realize a few fantasies before dying. Hugo Lopes Depressed and dissatisfied, young Terry decides to commit suicide by jumping off a bridge. However, when he arrives at the chosen place, he cannot find the courage to jump. Nick passes by and points out that Terry's chosen method of dying does not provide many guarantees of success. Then he offers Terry a massive dose of sleeping pills he has at home in exchange for his watch. In the apartment, Terry takes the pills, he regrets once more his choice and asks to be taken to the hospital, where a gastric lavage show that he had only swallowed vitamins. Enraged he returns to Nick, asking him the return the watch. Nick then tells him he is terminally ill and proposes a deal: if Terry agrees to fund his wishes in the short time that he has left, he will repay him by killing him. Terry accepts. After a period of dissolute life dedicated to bank robberies and prostitutes, Nick gets worse, recovers his relationship with his girlfriend Liz and manages to make peace with his father. When he is about to die, he decides to marry Liz from his hospital bed. Faced with these examples of attachment to life, Terry realizes he no longer wants to die. Back in San Francisco, he meets the woman who he had passed for his dead wife. She is a neighbor; he reveals that he has spied on her and photographed her, asks for forgiveness and returns an object he had stolen from her. yusufpiskin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Harrison Montgomery (2008)Summaries In a rundown apartment complex in San Francisco's Tenderloin, a septuagenarian seer is waiting for his final message. For decades the eccentric recluse has chronicled the phrases of the Wheel of Fortune and deciphered their hidden meaning - the details of a mission to save his neighbors from their troubles. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 True Crime (1999)44) Can an over-the-hill journalist uncover the evidence that can prove a death row inmate's innocence just hours before his execution? Steve Everett (Clint Eastwood), Oakland Tribune journalist with a passion for women and alcohol, is given the coverage of the upcoming execution of murderer Frank Louis Beachum (Isaiah Washington). His attractive colleague Michelle Ziegler (Mary McCormack) died in a car accident the night before. Bob Findley (Denis Leary), Steve's boss and husband to Steve's current affair, wants him dead and gone as soon as possible. When Steve stumbles across the possibility of Frank Louis Beachum being innocently on death row, Bob feels his time to have come. Now Steve only has a few hours left to prove the innocence of Frank and to be right with this theory, as he definitely will be history if he's not. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Recovering alcoholic and womanizing reporter Steve Everett (Clint Eastwood), who can't stay out of trouble with his bosses (mostly because he is sleeping with their wives), inherits a human interest story about a prisoner, Frank Louis Beachum (Isaiah Washington), who is sentenced to die at midnight for the murder of a pregnant woman who owed him ninety-six dollars. However, Steve immediately figures out that the key witness lied about what he saw, and believes the prisoner is innocent. He then sets out to prove his belief in the final twelve hours of Frank's life. Editor-in-Chief Alan Mann (James Woods) is the only man who still believes in Steve's talents. Editor Bob Findley (Denis Leary) wants him fired for his direct belligerence and the fact that he slept with Bob's wife, Patricia (Laila Robins). John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Reporter Steve Everett (Clint Eastwood), who is an alcoholic and a womanizer, is tasked with interviewing a man, Frank Louis Beachum (Isaiah Washington), who is about to be executed for killing a pregnant woman. After doing a little research and speaking to Frank, Steve is convinced that he is innocent. He tries to investigate, but because of his drinking and womanizing, he is not very credible, and he when he thinks that he's onto something, he hits a wall. Eventually, his personal and professional life are damaged, and the man who he believes is innocent is getting closer to his date with the needle. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 