nm0004822:

 Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist (2008)541) High school student Nick O'Leary, member of the Queercore band The Jerk Offs, meets college-bound Norah Silverberg when she asks him to be her boyfriend for five minutes. It's been three weeks, two days, and 23 hours since Tris broke up with Nick. And now here she is at his gig, with a new guy. How could she have moved on so fast? This begins the night of Nick, Norah and Manhattan. The night of stripping nuns, hotel ice rooms, Russian food, psychotic ex-boyfriends and lovingly trashy ex-girlfriends. It's the night of Julio and Salvatore. The night of holding hands and writing songs and singing in the rain. It's a night they'll never forget. Anonymous Nick, a high-school senior from Hoboken, can't stop obsessing about Tris, his cute, blond, conniving ex-girlfriend. Norah, also a senior and an acquaintance of Tris's, is dissed by Tris at a club in New York City, so to show she's cool and has a boyfriend, she goes up a stranger, whispers in his ear, and kisses him. It's Nick. Thus begins a night of fits and starts between Nick and Norah as they share a love of music, hunt for an elusive band scheduled to play somewhere that night, search for Norah's drunk friend Caroline - with the help of Nick's gay band mates, and keep running into Tris and Nora's sort-of boyfriend. Both Nick and Norah have to figure out what they want. <jhailey@hotmail.com> In New Jersey, the straight high school student Nick plays bass guitar in the gay band Jerk Offs with his gay friends Thom and Dev. Nick misses his sweetheart, Tris that despises the CDs he gives to her. The teenager Norah that studies in the Sacred Heart school with her best friend Caroline and Tris, has never had a boyfriend and does not know Nick but loves his musical taste, and collects the CDs that Tris throws in the garbage. One weekend, Norah and Caroline go to see aconcert of the 'Where's Fluffy' band and they see Tris dating Gary. Meanwhile, Nick drives his old Yugo to meet Thom, Dev and his boyfriend Lethario and play in the same club where Norah, Caroline and Tris are. Tris gibes Norah and she asks Nick to be her boyfriend for five minutes without knowing that he was the ex of Tris. When the alcoholic Caroline is completely wasted, Thom and Dev offer to take her back home and ask Norah to date the brokenhearted Nick. During the night, they learn that they are soul mates. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens in Nick's (Michael Cera) room. The screen pans the scene as Nick leaves a message on his ex-girlfriend Tris' (Alexis Dziena) answering machine. Nick tells her that he is leaving the last of his mixed CD's on her doorstep, making this volume # 12 of the Road to Closure series. Nick is heartbroken that they broke up and wants to know why it happened especially why on his birthday. The scene then goes to Sacred Heart High school in Englewood, NJ. Bopping down the hallway listening to her iPod is Norah (Kat Dennings). On her way to her locker she meets up with Caroline (Ari Graynor). Caroline asks her if they are heading out to the city for the night. Norah agrees as long as Caroline promises not to get drunk again. Caroline agrees when Tris comes up to them. Tris used to be friends with Norah and Caroline but it's obvious Norah and Tris don't agree on much anymore. Tris brags to the girls about how she received another mixed CD from her ex and ridicules the cover art and song selection. She ends up throwing it in the trash. As soon as Tris walks away, Norah picks it up from the trash bin. Norah has been listening to the past seven mixed CD's Tris has thrown out and loves both the music and cover art. The girls leave for home to get ready. On their way out they meet with Tris again who asks to meet up with them on her way to try and find the elusive band Where's Fluffy?. A loud dingy van pulls up to Nick's house and his friends Dev (Rafi Gavron) and Thom (Aaron Yoo) get out. Apparently, all three of them have a gig at Arlene's Grocery in the East Village tonight with their band The Jerk Offs. Nick says that he doesn't feel up for it and is taking a mental health day. With some convincing from his friends they pack up their instruments and head out to the city. That night, Norah is in the crowd as the Jerk Offs take the stage. She listens intently all the while looking at Nick up on stage playing bass. Caroline, is off by the bar getting steadily drunker by the minute and flirting with whoever comes by her way. After the Jerk Offs set, Caroline pokes fun at Norah for obviously having a crush on Nick. She even proceeds to bump into her so she would bump into Nick and get his attention. This doesn't work, since Nick has just spotted Tris and her new boyfriend Gary in the crowd. Nick says hello to Tris but is basically disheartened at the sight of her new boyfriend who is older and in college. Tris eventually goes up to say hello to Norah but ends up insulting her by saying that she is alone again as usual. In order to get Tris off her back, Norah says that she isn't alone and that she really should be headed back to her boyfriend. Tris is taken aback by this and asks her where her boyfriend is. Norah just walks away to the bar where she spots Nick; she quietly asks him to be her boyfriend for five minutes and plants a kiss on him. They both enjoy it until Tris rushes over and asks how they both met, Norah covers up by saying they met at a dentist and have been dating ever since. Tris is obviously jealous but ends up leaving with Gary. Norah decides that Caroline is again too drunk to handle and attempts to get her home. Nick's friends Dev and Thom see this and try to stall; they obviously hate Tris and think Norah would be perfect for their friend. Dev, Thom, and Thom's date Beefy Guy end up offering Caroline a ride home in their van so Nick and Norah could stay in the city and search for the band Wheres Fluffy?. Nick and Norah are both hesitant but ultimately agree. Nick tells Norah that Dev, Thom, and the beefy guy are all gay so if anyone gets raped in the van it would be a guy and not Caroline. Before the group splits up, Thom talks to Nick and convinces him to give Norah a shot since they obviously mesh great together. Dev takes Norah to the van and gives her a push-up bra to replace her sports one. Nick and Norah head off around the East Village trying to find Wheres Fluffy? Norah teases him about his Yugo and they both talk about how much they love the band and playfully argue about whom loved them first. A drunken couple blag their way into Nick's yellow Yugo, thinking it's a cab. They ask him to drop them off at Bowery Ballroom and proceed to make a drunken spectacle fooling around in the back seat. Nick lets them off at their destination and Norah continues to tease him playfully. Nick ultimately ruins it by bringing up Tris and asking Norah if she is the friend Tris claimed was always jealous of her. Norah gets out of the car and is about to get a taxi when Nick calls her back saying his friends had lost Caroline. Caroline had jumped out of the van after hearing the boys discuss band new band names like Balls Deep. Now no one knows where Caroline is so they all decide to meet up and try to find her. They scour the city looking for her; Caroline is shown in Port Authority terminal trying to get a ticket back home to Jersey, since she doesn't have any money she is pretty much stuck. Caroline end up having a drunken one-sided conversation with a guy dressed as a chef, she ultimately tries to eat half of his sandwich but ends up running to the bathroom and throwing up. Nick, Norah and the gang all show up at Port Authority and realize that the last bus to Jersey had already left, they assume that Caroline must be wherever Wheres Fluffy? is and they leave to go look for her. As they leave, Caroline is seen stumbling out of bathroom. Nick, Norah, and the rest of the gang end up at BK Pool, a club in Brooklyn. Norah can easily get into club and Nick asks why, but they're both interrupted by Tal (Jay Baruchel). Tal is Norah's ex, he proceeds to drag Norah away and kiss her neck. Nick is obviously jealous at this and steals glances at Norah every now and then. Ultimately, it turns out to be the old bait and switch routine and instead of Wheres Fluff? it's a band called Are you randy? Everyone ends up leaving and Nick is surprised to see Norah walk back with them to the van, he ends up giving her his sweater to keep her warm. As they head back to the city they run into Tris again in a convenience store, inside Tris confronts Norah and tries to convince her that Nick isn't the guy for her. When that doesn't work, Tris teases her about the fact that she has never had an orgasm and never will have one with Nick. Tris ends up receiving a call from Caroline, apparently Caroline has found Jesus and Norah ends up rushing out to try and find her. Norah tells the guys the new information and they all scour churches trying to find Caroline. In one particular scene, Nick runs into a group of threatening homeless people including Andy Sandberg (SNL) in front of a church and ends up running away. Eventually, Thom and Dev remember a gay cabaret show with a Christmas theme; they all head there and find Caroline in the show dressed up as a lighted Christmas tree. On their way back to Nick's car, Nick realizes what a good friend Norah is by taking care of Caroline in her drunken state. In a sweet scene, he ends up using a saved wet-nap to clean Norahs hand after Caroline throws up on her. When they reach his car, Tris is found sitting on it. Nick leaves to confront her and basically forgets about Norah, Norah stops him and shyly whispers that it was nice meeting him as his friends lament Nick leaving her. Norah decides to call up her ex and meet up with him at Crash Mansion. Once there, she realizes that Tal is only using her for connections. Norah's dad is famous music producer and that explains why Norah can walk into any club without being stopped. Norah eventually gets frustrated after being asked to take care of a bar tab, she tells the waitress she miscalculated the bill and to add an extra zero, she ends up storming out of the club. In the meantime, Tris tells Nick that she wants a ride home from someone dependable like him, on the way to Jersey she says that was wrong and that she wants him back. She convinces him to pull over on the Westside Highway by Pier 54 to seduce him and dances sexily to You Sexy Thing. As she dances, Nick remembers the fun he had with Norah; he ends up driving away and leaving Tris still dancing. Nick calls up Norah to apologize and asks to meet with her. Norah is eating pirogi at Veselka, and she tells him to meet her on 2nd Ave and 10th St. There Nick apologizes again and they both agree to go someplace where they know no one will find them. Norah decides to surprise Nick and drives the car, Norah turns out to be a pretty reckless driver and crashes Nick's car into a fire hydrant while scrolling through his iPod and deeming him her musical soul mate. Nick and Norah end up at Electric Lady Studios, which is owned by her father. Nick is amazed by where they are and all of the equipment. Norah asks him to record something and he steps into the booth and sings a little song about how she crashed his car. Norah ends up walking into the booth with him, they stare at each other before making out on the couch, the sound equipment then picks up Norah having an orgasm inside the booth, courtesy of Nick. The moment is interrupted by Norah receiving a text message from Caroline, they had found Wheres Fluffy? Norah and Nick rush out to meet up with them, in the crowd Norah is confronted by Tal and Nick is confronted by Tris. Both want to know why they were ditched. Tal ends up pulling Norah away from Nick again, Nick pushes him and a fight is about to start but the Beefy Guy/ Lothario ends up head butting Tal. Nick and Norah then glance at each other and leave hand in hand as Wheres Fluffy? takes the stage. They are then both seen entering Penn Station. Norah is curious if Nick regrets not watching the show and asks if he minds missing it all. Nick who doesn't care about the show answers her back instead about their connection, saying this is it and they share a kiss as they go down the escalator. 
 Spice World (1997)431) World famous pop group the Spice Girls zip around London in their luxurious double decker tour bus having various adventures and performing for their fans. Climb aboard the double decker Spice Bus and get ready for a madcap musical adventure with the sexy phenomenons of pop - the Spice Girls. An encounter with extra-terrestrials, a night in a haunted castle, and a moment of truth in a maternity ward are just a few of the escapades the endeavored upon as the Girls gear up for their first live concert at London's Royal Albert Hall. Anonymous The Spice Girls have become superstars and a global phenomenon. As they prepare for what may be their most prestigious concert to date at Royal Albert Hall in London, everyone in the world wants their two pounds of flesh from the girls at their expense. Their manager Clifford and his behind the scenes boss "The Chief" want to control all aspects of the girls' lives with the sole goal of getting them to the concert in the best shape possible. A documentary film crew wants 24/7 access amidst the girls' busy schedule. A Hollywood pitch team wants them to star in a movie, they pitching one outlandish idea after another. The London tabloids want to print whatever salacious story they can get their hands on, even if it ruins the girls' careers. And even some out of this world visitors want what all their adoring fans want. Through it all, the girls, who want to have some fun along the way, evaluate their lives and wonder if they've lost sight of what is really important in life, those priorities, like being with their pregnant best friend Nicola, which may be incompatible with being pop superstars. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the movie opens, the Spice Girls are enjoying their fame, but becoming dissatisfied with the burdens of it. The sinister owner of a newspaper, Kevin McMaxford (Barry Humphries (also known as Dame Edna Everage)) is trying to ruin their reputation in order to cash in on the headlines, and even dispatches a photographer (Richard O'Brien) to take pictures and tape recordings of the girls. Less threatening but more annoying is a film director (Alan Cumming) who with his crew stalks the band, hoping to use them as documentary subjects; at the same time, the girls' manager, Clifford, (Richard E. Grant) is fending off two over-eager Hollywood writers (George Wendt and Mark McKinney) who relentlessly pitch absurd plot ideas for a Spice Girls feature film. Throughout their busy schedule, the girls keep asking Clifford for time off to spend with Nicola (Naoko Mori),who is due to give birth soon, and to relax, but he refuses--mainly because his own boss, the cryptic and eccentric "Chief" (Roger Moore), won't allow it. The stress and overwork compound, culminating in a huge argument with Clifford and among the bandmates; the girls storm out, refusing to play Albert Hall. Separately, the bandmates think back on their humble beginnings, their struggle to the top, and their strengthened friendship. They reconcile, then decide to take Nicola out dancing. However, she goes into labor at the nightclub and is rushed to the hospital in the tour bus. The band stay at the hospital to provide Nicola with support, refusing to perform until after she has given birth. The next morning, the day of their Albert Hall gig, Nicola finally gives birth to a girl. As they are leaving the hospital, the girls bump into a doctor, but when Emma notices he has a camera, the girls realize the doctor is the photographer whose been stalking them in disguise. The photographer runs off with the girls in hot pursuit, only to hit his head on the wall after colliding with an empty stretcher, and when he sees the girls standing over him, he tells them that they've made him see the error of his ways, and he goes after the owner of the newspaper. After noticing their bus driver (Meat Loaf) missing, Victoria decides to drive herself. So, it becomes a race against time as she drives like a maniac to get to Albert Hall. The bus drives by Buckingham Palace, the the girls wave to the Royal Family, Victoria puts her foot down on the gas pedal when Tower Bridge starts to go up to let a boat through. They land safely on the other side, but when Emma opens a trapdoor in the floor, she discovers a bomb! The girls finish the movie with a performance of "Spice Up Your Life". 
 6 Underground (2019)321) Six individuals from all around the globe, each the very best at what they do, have been chosen not only for their skill, but for a unique desire to delete their pasts to change the future. What's the best part of being dead? It's the freedom. The freedom to fight the evil which lurks in our world. 6 Underground's group of unnamed individuals have chosen to change the future. The team's brought together by enigmatic leader code-named 'One', whose sole mission is to ensure that, he and his fellow teammates will have their actions remembered. Peter Tilbrook Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Four years after witnessing the horrors of a brutal regime in the Central Asian nation of Turgistan, an unnamed American billionaire and philanthropist, who made his fortunes from inventing neodymium magnets, fakes his own death to form an anonymous vigilante squad to take down criminals and terrorists that governments will not touch. Now known as "One", he recruits five other people to abandon their pasts and join his cause as "ghosts": Two, a spy; Three, a hitman; Four, a parkour runner and thief; Five, a doctor; and Six, a driver. On their first mission in the Italian city of Florence, the team kills the lawyer of Turgistan's four generals before they drive across the city in a green Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio while chased by the Mafia and the police. Six is killed just as they manage to get away. Days later, One recruits Blaine, a former Delta Force sniper suffering from survivor's guilt over his inability to save his team due to orders in Afghanistan, and renames him "Seven". One plans a mission to stage a coup d'tat to topple the government of Turgistan dictator Rovach Alimov and install his imprisoned brother Murat as the country's new leader during the Day of the Dead. It is revealed that Two had reluctantly captured Murat and handed him back to Rovach before becoming a Ghost. The team assassinates Rovach's generals in Las Vegas and successfully extracts Murat from Hong Kong, but Four is nearly killed until Seven intervenes despite protests from One. Following an argument between One and Seven about One's willingness to leave people behind, the Ghosts break their code of anonymity and reveal each other's names. In Turgistan, One sets his plan in motion by hacking the state-run television station during Rovach's address to give Murat a voice to the people. Murat's impromptu speech inspires the citizens to revolt while strategic explosions in the city force Rovach to evacuate to his private yacht and Murat occupies the palace. The Ghosts storm through the yacht and One activates a magnetic pulse to incapacitate the guards. When the yacht is immobilized in the middle of the ocean, One decides to save Four from a henchman instead of capturing Rovach. Rovach flees by helicopter, only to discover it to be commandeered by Murat and the Ghosts, who drop him near the border to feed him to the refugees that fled his regime. In the aftermath of the revolution, Murat becomes Turgistan's new president and the ghosts part ways until they are once again needed. Two and Three begin a relationship, as well as Four and Five, and One travels to New York City and sees his son, whom he will pass his fortunes to should he die in the next mission. 
 Bend It Like Beckham (2002)761) Two ambitious girls, despite their parents' wishes, have their hearts set on careers in professional soccer. A kaleidoscope of color and culture clash humorously as an Indian family in London tries to raise their soccer-playing daughter in a traditional way. Unlike tarty elder sister Pinky, who is preparing for an Indian wedding and a lifetime of cooking the perfect chapatti, Jess' dream is to play soccer professionally like her hero David Beckham. Wholeheartedly against Jess' unorthodox ambition, her parents eventually reveal that their reservations have more to do with protecting her than with holding her back. When Jess is forced to make a choice between tradition and her beloved sport, her family must decide whether to let her chase her dream...and a soccer ball. A comedy about bending the rules to reach your goal, Bend It Like Beckham explores the world of women's football, from kick-abouts in the park to freekicks in the Final. Set in Hounslow, West London and Hamburg, the film follows two 18 year olds with their hearts set on a future in professional soccer. Heart-stopping talent doesn't seem to be enough when your parents want you to hang up your football boots, find a nice boyfriend and learn to cook the perfect chapatti. Anonymous Teen-aged Londoner Jesminder Bhamra - Jess for short - is fanatical about football. She even uses a poster of her idol, footballer David Beckham , as her confidante. Although she only plays in pick-up games in the park with her male friends, she is naturally gifted at it. She's spotted by Juliette Paxton - Jules for short - who plays in a local women's league, and who talks Jess into coming to try out for her team. Jules has aspirations of playing in the Women's United Soccer Association (WUSA) professional league in the United States. Playing organized sports goes against Jess' traditional Punjabi parents' wants for her - especially her mother's - which are to go to law school and to learn how to cook Punjabi food so that she can attract a nice Punjabi husband. But Jess is determined to play on Jules' team regardless of her parents. Jess sees Jules as having the perfect situation, not realizing that Jules also has a mother who doesn't want her daughter to focus so much attention on football, but for slightly different reasons. The team's compassionate and sympathetic coach Joe tries to help Jess overcome any of these obstacles in whatever way he can. Jess has to try and reconcile these two aspects of her life, especially in the lead up to the final game at which an American scout will be in attendance who may be able to get both Jules and Jess one step closer to playing in the WUSA league if he likes what he sees. The game also unfortunately coincides with the rescheduled wedding of Jess' sister. Huggo Of East Indian origin of the Sikh faith, the Bhamra family have been settled in Great Britain for several years. They have two daughters, Pinky and Jessminder. While Pinky is in the process of getting married, Jessminder is preparing to play football - which is not acceptable to her parents. But Jessminder knows she is good at the sport, and she does receive considerable encouragement. Her parents are clearly uncomfortable with their daughter running around in shorts, chasing a big ball, instead of being clad in a traditional salwar khameez, and learning to cook East Indian recipes. Jessminder must now decide what's important for her. To make matters worse, a football tournament is arranged on the very day of her sister's marriage. Will Jessminder be able to play, or will her dreams be shattered? rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Jess Bhamra is a teenager with only one real passion in her life: football. She daydreams of being a great soccer star and her hero is David Beckham. She soon strikes up a friendship with Juliette Paxton, Jules to her friends, and joins a girls team coached by the rather handsome Joe. She comes from a traditional, close-knit and loving Sikh family. Her parents only want the best for both of their daughters but Jess' fascination with sports doesn't fit into their idea of a young woman future. Jess isn't comfortable sneaking about and she and Jules fall out when they both take an amorous interest in Joe. With her sister's wedding on the same day as the football final, where a US College scout will be present to assess her performance, Jess must decide if she will support her family or her friends. garykmcd Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jesminder "Jess" Bhamra ( Parminder Nagra ) is the 18-year-old daughter of Punjabi Sikhs living in London. Juliette "Jules" Paxton ( Keira Knightley ) is the same age and the daughter of a native English family. Jess is infatuated with football, but because she's a woman, her family won't let her play. However, she sometimes plays in the park with boys including her best friend, Tony ( Ameet Chana ), a closet homosexual. Whilst on a jog through the park, Jules discovers Jess' skills, befriends her, and invites her to try out for the local women's football team, the Hounslow Harriers coached by Joe ( Jonathan Rhys Meyers ). Jess is extremely happy and excited about the tryouts, even though Joe is skeptical about a new player joining the team. After seeing Jess' skills, Joe accepts her on the team and Jess lies to Joe about her parents being cool with the idea. Jess develops an attraction toward Joe, and when the team plays in Hamburg and goes out clubbing, they're caught about to kiss by Jules, who also has a crush on Joe, souring Jess and Jules' friendship, as Jules is adamant she'd told Jess about her crush. When Jess goes to Jules' house to try to patch up their friendship, Jules' mother ( Juliet Stevenson ) is misled and thinks they're hiding a lesbian relationship. Meanwhile, having discovered that Jess has been playing football behind their backs, Jess' parents ( Anupam Kher ) and ( Shaheen Khan ) become more strict and forbid Jess from playing any more matches. The elder Bhamras are also distracted by their elaborate wedding plans for Jess' older sister, Pinky ( Archie Panjabi ). Thanks to Jess and Jules' skills, the Harriers reach the finals of the league tournament. Unfortunately, the final and Pinky's wedding are on the same day. Joe pleads with Mr. Bhamra to allow Jess to play, but Mr. Bhamra refuses, revealing that he doesn't want Jess to suffer the same way he did when he was kicked out of the cricket club because of his being an Indian. Joe accepts that Jess isn't allowed to play, and the final begins without her. But halfway through Pinky's wedding, Tony convinces Mr. Bhamra to let Jess go. He agrees, and Tony drives Jess to the game, where the Harriers are losing 1-0 with half an hour left. Jess and Jules tie the score, and when Jess is awarded a free kick, she must bend the ball around the wall of players to score. She succeeds and the Harriers win the tournament. Jess and Jules are offered scholarships at Santa Clara University in California, which Jules tells her parents immediately, whereas Jess has trouble telling hers. Jules and her mother arrive at the wedding so that Jules can celebrate with Jess. When Mrs. Paxton accuses Jess of being a hypocrite and a lesbian, Jules grabs her mother and runs off in shame. Jess still hasn't told her parents about the scholarship. Tony decides to lie to the family and tells them he's engaged to Jess as long as she gets to go to any college she wants. Jess reveals the lie and her mother blames Jess's father for allowing her to play and refuses Tony's proposal. Jess's father convinces her mother to accept Tony after telling her he doesn't want Jess suffering like he did. Jess flees to the football field to tell Joe of her parent's decision. The two almost kiss, but Jess pulls away, saying her parents would object, and that although they had come far enough to let her go to America to play, she doesn't think they would be able to handle another cultural rebellion from her. On the day of Jess' and Jules' flight, Jules' mother gives her daughter a football jersey and wishes her good luck. The two are about to board the plane when Joe arrives and confesses his love for Jess. The two kiss and Jess agrees to sort out their relationship (and her parents) when she returns for Christmas. Jess and Jules send their parents a team photograph, and it is revealed that Pinky is pregnant. Mr. Bhamra practices cricket with Joe's help. 