nm0010329:

 The Last Date (1927)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tren de las 8'47 (1934)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El hombre que se quiso matar (1942)Summaries The pusillanimous architect Federico Sol is a thirty years man who life seems determined not to smile: no job, no girlfriend, no friends, one day decides to stand up and stand up to life. And he do not think of anything better than to publicly announce his intention to commit suicide during a lecture on the virtues of cement. From that moment on he checked with satisfaction that all doors seem to open for him without much difficulty, as people, knowing the little time remaining for him, just yield to his claims. A new Federico is born and Sol is the man of the moment: "The man who wanted to kill himself." jsanchez It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 No te niegues a vivir (1942)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 