nm0008231:

 Gilmore Girls (20002007)Summaries A dramedy centering around the relationship between a thirtysomething single mother and her teen daughter living in Stars Hollow, Connecticut. Thirty-two year old single mom, Lorelai, lives with her teenage daughter Rory in the small town of Stars Hollow, Connecticut, with crazy neighbors and many ups and downs. Lorelai Gilmore, 32, has such a close relationship with her daughter Rory that they are often mistaken for sisters. Between Lorelai's relationship with her parents, Rory's new prep school, and both of their romantic entanglements, there's plenty of drama to go around. lcheala@imdb.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bad Teacher (2011)651) A lazy, incompetent middle school teacher who hates her job, her students, and her co-workers is forced to return to teaching to make enough money for breast implants after her wealthy fianc dumps her. When her wealthy fianc breaks it off, gold digger Elizabeth Halsey returns to middle school: she's an awful teacher but wants to save for breast-implant surgery. She brightens when Scott, a new teacher, turns out to be rich, and she stops showing films and sleeping in class when told there's a bonus for the teacher whose class scores highest on the state exam. Her competition for Scott and the bonus is cheery and tightly wound Amy. Amy digs for dirt on Elizabeth who cheats her way toward Scott's bed and the money. Honesty with students seems to be her only skill. She ignores Russell, a droll gym teacher, who looks on. Will she succeed with Scott and get those new breasts? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Ready to marry into money, teaching is a passable past-time for Elizabeth ( Cameron Diaz ), but when her fianc dumps her for being a gold-digger, teaching becomes her only option. This school year introduces a new young teacher whom everybody seems to be in love with. Since he seems to be in love with big chests, Elizabeth has to find a way to pay for breast implants. She'll do whatever it takes, including stealing from her students or stealing for her students. She'll do even more once a perky, over-achieving teacher starts getting in her way. napierslogs The gold digger Elizabeth Halsey quits her job as a teacher at the JAM High School expecting to marry her wealthy fianc. However, he calls off their engagement and Elizabeth returns to the school. Elizabeth is reckless, incompetent, pothead and does not give any attention to the students and her coworkers, and she shows movies to her students along the classes. The envious teacher Amy Squirrel hates Elizabeth and they are estranged to each other. When Elizabeth meets the substitute teacher Scott Delacorte, she discovers that he is very rich and she flirts with him. Further, she learns that Scott likes big breasts and she decides to have a surgery of silicone-implant. She needs to raise US$ 10,000.00 for the breast-implant, and she learns that the teacher that gets the best scores in the state exam would receive US$ 5,700.00 bonus. Elizabeth changes her attitude and teaches her students to prepare them for the exams. However, Elizabeth uses an unethical means to win the competition and Amy seeks evidences to prove that Elizabeth has cheated the exams. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Foul-mouthed, shallow, and above all, money-obsessed, the uninterested middle school teacher, Elizabeth Halsey, is a textbook case of gold-digger. Of course, Halsey has planned everything down to the last detail: have a breast enlargement, snag a fabulously affluent husband, and then, quit teaching once and for all. However, as there's no such thing as a foolproof plan, when her nearly perfect fianc calls off the wedding, Elizabeth will find herself back to square one, on the hunt for a new sugar daddy. Perhaps, under those dire circumstances, the sensitive young teacher and rich heir, Scott Delacorte, could be the ideal substitute; but, there's a catch: the goody-two-shoes colleague, Amy Squirrel, has already set her sights on winning his heart. Will the bad teacher ever get a new pair of spectacular breasts? And what about Scott? Is he, indeed, Mr Perfect? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Elizabeth Halsey ( Cameron Diaz ) is a poor Chicago-area teacher who curses at her students, drinks heavily, and takes copious amounts of drugs. She plans to marry her wealthy fiance, but when he dumps her, she tries to win over substitute teacher Scott Delacorte ( Justin Timberlake ), also wealthy. Their colleague, Amy Squirrel ( Lucy Punch ) is also pursuing Scott, while phys ed teacher Russell Gettis ( Jason Segel ) is making advances on Elizabeth. Halsey had planned on getting breasts implants in order to impress Delacorte, but cannot afford the operation. To make matters worse for Halsey, Delacorte begins to have feelings for Squirrel and only views Halsey as a friend. She attempts to raise money for the surgery by participating in her 7th-grade class car wash and by manipulating parents to give her money for more school supplies. Her efforts, however, are to no avail. She later learns of a bonus for the teacher whose class earns the highest state scores. Halsey decides to change her style of teaching, going from a teacher who only showed movies to one who makes her students study vigorously for the approaching exam. Alas, the change in her teaching style and her efforts to prepare her students is not enough, as they score low on the quizzes she gives. Meanwhile she begins a friendship with Gettis, the gym teacher, and Squirrel and Delacorte begin dating. Halsey then decides to steal the state exam by posing as a journalist reporting on the exam's racial bias. When the rector she is interviewing, explains he cannot give her the exam due to protocol, she resorts to seducing and drugging him in his office and stealing it. She also takes nude pictures of him as insurance in case she gets caught. A month later Halsey wins the bonus and pays for the appointment to get her breasts enlarged. When she hears about a field trip her class is taking, which Delacorte and Squirrel will chaperone, she puts poison ivy on an apple and leaves it on Squirrel's desk for her to eat, causing her to not be able to go on the field trip, and Halsey replaces her. On the field trip she seduces Delacorte and they have sex, which Squirrel finds out through Halsey leaving a 'revealing' voice message on her cell phone. She also advises one of her students on letting go of a crush who doesn't like him because she is too superficial, causing her to reflect for a moment on how she has been superficial as well with her love interests. After hearing Halsey's message, Squirrel switches her desk with Halsey's in order to get a someone to unlock her desk for her to find evidence that Halsey won the bonus unfairly. Squirrel informs the principal and a meeting is set up for Halsey discuss the matter with the principal and the superintendent. She gets away with her mischief through blackmail and informs them that some teachers in the school are doing drugs. When the police search the school, they find drugs on Halsey's desk (which is now in Squirrel's classroom), thus throwing suspicion onto Squirrel, who is moved to another school by the superintendent. With Squirrel gone, Delacorte tries to get sparks going with Halsey. She, however, turns him down due to her realizing that she has a better thing going with Gettis, who is more down to earth. The next school year it is shown that Halsey didn't get the breast enlargement because she feels she doesn't need it, and she looks fine the way she is. She also seems kinder to her coworker, and has begun a relationship with Gettis. As well, instead of returning to her English classroom, Halsey is now the school's new Guidance Counselor. 
 Good Night, and Good Luck. (2005)321) Broadcast journalist Edward R. Murrow looks to bring down Senator Joseph McCarthy . In the early 1950's, the threat of Communism created an air of paranoia in the United States and exploiting those fears was Senator Joseph McCarthy of Wisconsin. However, CBS reporter Edward R. Murrow and his producer Fred W. Friendly decided to take a stand and challenge McCarthy and expose him for the fear monger he was. However, their actions took a great personal toll on both men, but they stood by their convictions and helped to bring down one of the most controversial senators in American history. Brian Washington <Sargebri@att.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins on Oct. 25, 1958, at a fancy dinner tribute to Edward R. Murrow (David Strathairn). Its the usual gala affair, everyone is dressed up and looking expensive. Ed Murrow is introduced as a hero who fought against McCarthyism. Ed comes out and proceeds to make a speech about how journalism has become occupied with presenting only good news and how journalists have succumb to escapism, losing touch with the real world. This attack makes the audience uncomfortable and Fred Friendly (George Clooney) looks like hes having a good time. Flashback to 1953. Joe Wershba (Robert Downey Jr.) and Shirley Wershba (Patricia Clarkson) are alone in the copy room; someone walks in and jokingly asks what people might think. Joe takes Shirley aside and tells her about a loyalty (to McCarthy or the government) oath she must sign, or he may get fired. After some thought, she agrees and they kiss. The newsmen are in a conference room, trying to decide news pieces for the next show. People mention some McCarthy related topics, but are immediately shot down given the controversy involved. Someone brings up the topic of an air force officer in Chicago, who was dismissed from the air force because his father was deemed to be a communist or have communist ties. At his trial, all charges and evidence were in a sealed envelope, which no one saw. The Air Force Officers rights to a fair trial were clearly violated, as he didnt even know the charges against him and was found guilty anyway. The newsmen are reluctant to pursue this, afraid of a backlash from McCarthy. They agree to send two people to Chicago to get some footage and decide from there. Later, the crew is watching footage of the Air Force Officer saying that he would not want his kids to be persecuted for the affiliations of their parents and have to denounce their own father. Ed, Fred, and a third man, are in a room, trying to decide whether to run the piece. Ed is completely for it, while the third man is opposed, mentioning their sponsorship from Alcoa, who is dependant on government contracts. Fred seems to be ambivalent, but trusting Ed. They decide to run it as a piece against the infringement of civil liberties and not mention McCarthy. Fred is met in his office by two Colonels, who proceed to berate him about jeopardizing national security, interfering with government business, etc. Fred asks the Colonels if they know the contents of the sealed envelope and they clearly dont. The story runs; Ed comments on the sealed envelope, and closes with his signature Good night and good luck. We see a bit of the show that runs after Eds, its Don Hollenbeck (Ray Wise) praising Eds courage and reporting. There is a tense moment as everyone waits for the phones to ring and none do. Someone in the back asks if he should turn the phones back on and the tension is eased. The phones start ringing off the hook. Later, the crew, along with Don, is having drinks at a bar and decides to get the early edition newspaper reviews of the show. The first one comes out very good, the second one not. Some people look relaxed, some angry, but Don looks very uneasy. William (Bill) Paley (Frank Langella), boss at CBS, summons Fred to his office and chews him out for the piece, mentioning their sponsorship from Alcoa. However, Bill doesnt actually ask Fred to stop reporting on McCarty issues; he seems to both enjoy yelling at Fred and also trust Freds judgment. Joe and Shirley are getting ready for work, before Joe leaves, Shirley reminds him to take off his wedding ring. It turns out that they are secretly married, which is against company policy. Later, Joe is approached by someone from the government, who warns Joe about running future McCarthy pieces, saying, "What if I told you that Ed Murrow was on the Soviet payroll in 1932?" The crew decides to run a direct attack on McCarthy. McCarthy is holding a senate hearing on a woman who supposedly works in the Pentagon Code Room and is a Communist spy. Although the hearing isnt a real trial, they get the woman fired from her job. The woman in the hearing doesnt actually work in the Code Room and denies any Communist ties. Apparently, an FBI agent saw her name on a Communist mailing list and that is all the evidence they are going on. The news crew point out several things wrong with the hearing: the woman has the same name as three others in the phone book and McCarthy himself leaves the hearing after a few questions. All of these facts are brought to light in Eds show, and Ed volunteers to give McCarthy a chance to defend himself on the show. McCarthy takes up the offer and basically uses the show to make a series of accusations about Eds ties to Communism: a writer with communist ties had dedicated a book to Ed, Ed was on the Soviet payroll in 1932 for some foreign exchange program, and Ed is a card carrying member of the International Industrial Workers association, which is known to be communist. Ed uses the next show to rebut: he was a friend of the author despite their different beliefs, he doesnt deny the second charge, and the third charge is untrue. Ed also says that since McCarthy didn't refute any facts Ed reported about him, the world can assume they are true. The newsmen are sitting around and find out that the Air Force Officer from the first story was reinstated back to the army. At the same time, they also learn that Don Hollenbeck has committed suicide, apparently the pressure was too much for him. In other news, the Senate declares an investigation on McCarthy. Joe and Shirley are called into the editors office and are told about an upcoming layoff. The editor mentions that it is against company policy for two employees to be married and everyone knows they are married. In a happy moment, the two put their rings back on and Joe decides to quit. Bill Paley calls Fred and Ed into his office tells them that CBS lost the Alcoa sponsorship and will have to lay a lot of people off. Ed yells at Bill for his trying to censor them, but Bill responses that he showed his reservations, but had never stopped them from running a piece. Bill tells Ed that his show will be cut from 1 hour to 30 minutes, moved to Sunday afternoon, and Ed will only do five more shows. Ed and Fred walk to the elevator and say that they might as well go out with a bang in their last five shows. Fred mentions that Joe and Shirley were married and Ed seems to be the only one who didnt know. Cut back to Oct. 25, 1958. Ed finishes his speech saying that journalists are the ones with the responsibility to keep the public informed of the real world, regardless of its unpleasantness. Good night and good luck. 
 My Best Friend's Wedding (1997)651) When a woman's long-time friend reveals he's engaged, she realizes she loves him herself and sets out to get him, with only days before the wedding. A woman who, by a promise made years earlier, is supposed to marry her best friend in three weeks, even though she doesn't want to. When she finds out that he's marrying someone else, she becomes jealous and tries to break off the wedding. Robert Krzanowski <stonedpsycho@homail.com> Michael O'Neal and Julianne Potter have been friends for years but when Michael rings Julianne to tell her he is getting married to a lady called Kimberly Wallace she finally realizes he has to tell him her true feelings, which are that she loves him. When she gets there she can't do it so she tries to do everything to get them to break up. haylzy When Julianne's best friend tells her that he met a woman and they are getting married in four days, she finds out that she loves him and wants him for herself. So, she sets out to break off the wedding, but things prove to be really difficult, since the bride seems to be "the perfect woman". Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> It's a story of love revealed when Julianne realizes that she is in love...with a man who is going to be married to someone else. The only thought in her head is that she has to break up Michael and Kimmy. George, her boss, comes to the rescue, but helps her open her eyes to see what she needs to do. Heather Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Julianne Potter (Julia Roberts) is a successful and independent food critic. Her closest friend is George (Rupert Everett), who happens to be gay. Over dinner with George, she reminisces about another relationship in her past: her brief romance and long-term friendship with Michael ONeal (Dermot Mulroney), a freelance sports writer. Jules and Michael were such good friends, they made a half-serious promise to each other that if neither found a mate before they turned 28, they would marry each other. Soon afterward, Jules receives a call from Michael, who tells her he has met that special someone -- Kim Wallace (Cameron Diaz), the daughter of a billionaire baseball team owner. Michael is madly in love with Kim, but asks his "best friend" to visit him in Chicago to lend him support. Jules is shocked to hear this news, and suddenly becomes desperate to win Michael for herself. She travels to Chicago, meets Kim, and realizes that this girl really is perfect, not just to Michael. Nevertheless, she embarks on a campaign to turn Michael and Kim against each other. George joins her, and attempts to help her face the truth about what will make her feel good for the immediate moment and in the long term. As the wedding date approaches, Jules becomes more desperate, but her attempts fail. However, just before the wedding, Michael gets a message that throws his relationship with Kim seriously into doubt...and gives Jules her chance to share her true feelings with Michael. This romantic farce features the music of Burt Bacharach. 