nm0004859:

 Providence (19992002)Summaries Successful Hollywood plastic surgeon Sydney Hansen returns home to Providence, Rhode Island to try to keep her dysfunctional family together with the help of her mother's friendly ghost. She also finds work with the local free clinic. Dr. Sydney Hansen, a successful plastic surgeon in Hollywood, California, quits her private practice and returns to her hometown in Providence, Rhode Island after the sudden death of her controlling, demanding mother Lynda, in order to keep her dysfunctional family together with a little help and advice from Lynda who gives advice from beyond the grave in helping Sydney deal with her new career as a doctor for the local free clinic and dealing with her distracted veterinarian father Jim, her mixed-up sister Joanie, and younger brother Robbie, a small-time hustler. Matthew Patay Providence, Rhode Island, is the Hansen home city, where widowed father Jim practices as a veterinarian and over the years raised three now (nearly) adult kids after their beloved mother Linda's death, none of which left the city. Playfull Robbie has a golden heart but all too often gets himself into all kinds of trouble by impulsive plans, for (elusive) profit or to help almost anyone. Syd, the eldest, is devoted to her medical calling with a heart for her patients, abandoning a lucrative plastic surgery career to run St. Clare clinic for the poor and accepting teaching positions, but haunted by her demanding mother Linda and often too hard on herself and her lovers. Younger, flippant sister Joanie may attract great lovers, it never works out long-term through her own fault, including a failed marriage to the father of Hannah, so Robbie beats her to the altar with preteen Pete's divorced mother. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bewitched (2005)431) Thinking he can overshadow an unknown actress in the part, an egocentric actor unknowingly gets a witch cast in an upcoming television remake of the classic sitcom Bewitched (1964) . Out in California's San Fernando Valley, Isabel is trying to reinvent herself. A nave, good-natured witch, she is determined to disavow her supernatural powers and lead a normal life. At the same time, across town, Jack Wyatt, a tall, charming actor is trying to get his career back on track. He sets his sights on an updated version of the beloved situation comedy Bewitched (1964), re-conceived as a starring vehicle for him in the role of the mere-mortal Darrin. Fate steps in when Jack accidentally runs into Isabel. He is immediately attracted to her and her nose, which bears an uncanny resemblance to the nose of Elizabeth Montgomery, who played Samantha on Bewitched (1964). He becomes convinced she could play Samantha in his new series. Isabel is also taken with Jack, seeing him as the quintessential mortal man with whom she can settle down and lead the normal life she so desires. It turns out they're both right, but in ways neither of them ever imagined. Sujit R. Varma The witch Isabel Bigelow arrives in California with the objective of having a normal life without spells. Meanwhile, in Hollywood, the egocentric actor Jack Wyatt is trying to retrieve his former prestige in the cinema industry playing Darrin in a remake of the successful television series, Bewitched (1964). When Jack meets Isabel by chance and sees her moving her nose, he immediately decides to invite her to test for Samantha. His second intention is to cast an unknown actress and overshadow her performance. When Isabel finds out his real intention, she becomes upset, and her aunt puts a hex on Jack. But Isabel is in love with Jack and decides to tell him the truth about her. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After a couple of movies flopped badly, a film star, Jack, agrees to a TV role as Darrin in a revival of Bewitched. His intent is to make Darrin the major part. He wants an unknown to play Elizabeth Montgomery's role (Samantha) so she won't try to upstage him. A real witch trying to act human becomes romantically interested in Jack and is cast as Samantha because she can do the nose twitch. But the audience prefers her to him. She becomes disillusioned when she realizes what an egotistical jerk he really is. After quarrels in which she uses her powers, Jack finally realizes he's been a jerk and reforms. -------------------------------- Isabel Bigelow (Nicole Kidman), who has been a real witch her whole life, moves to San Fernando Valley to try to be a normal person. Isabel wants to feel the hardships that mortal people experience everyday by not using her powers. Jack Wyatt (Will Ferrell) is a movie star whose career has gone down since his last picture lost millions. His agent gets him a job on a remake of the Bewitched television show as Darrin Stephens. Jack wants an unknown actress to play the part of Samantha. The casting call goes out and the search is on. Jack sees Isabel twitch her nose at a book store and follows her. Jack thinks she is the perfect choice to play Samantha. What they don't know is that Isabel is a witch. While filming the show, Isabel uses her witchcraft to get events to go her way. Isabel has a little help from her father (Michael Caine). Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) Will Ferrell is Jack Wyatt an actor with minimal talent whose career has been declining steadily. Desperately seeking something that will boost his sagging career and his self esteem, Jack agrees to star in a re-make of the TV show Bewitched on the condition that he gets a complete unknown for the female lead to play opposite him. This will ensure that the audience will only be left with Jack to see with lots of screen time. Jack and the producers audition a long roster of wannabes, and in a period of frustration, he sees Isabel (Nicole Kidman) at a caf and begs her to become an actress and work in his TV show. He is confused when she initially rebuffs his advances, mistaking his attention as declaration of love. Since she is a witch and has been brought up in a world of spells and goblins, without TV, she is unaware of Elizabeth Montgomerys role of Samantha Stevens and the legacy of the TV show Bewitched. Isabel is trying to be a regular mortal person, and ultimately trying to catch a normal husband form the mortal side of reality. During the course of events she finds she must use her magical powers to help things along. But in the end she discovers that she must decide finally between a life spent on earth with mortal man or return home, where she will be a witch forever more. 
 Prank (2008)Summaries Jessica: A college co-ed gets more than she bargained for after playing a not-so-innocent telephone game and discovers that sometimes the wrong people just might call you back. Madison: As Madison sits alone and waits anxiously for her boyfriend to come home, she fears something terrible has happened to him, that she is being watched and that her life is in danger. Cassidy: Cassidy loves a good mystery and finds herself wrapped up in her very own surprise whodunit party, but the fun stops when her friends start really dropping dead. Antony Bloody It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Perception (20122015)Summaries Dr. Daniel Pierce is an eccentric neuropsychiatrist who uses his unique outlook to help the federal government solve complex criminal cases. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 