nm0005533:

 White Chicks (2004)431) Two disgraced FBI agents go way undercover in an effort to protect hotel heiresses the Wilson sisters from a kidnapping plot. After an unsuccessful mission, FBI agents Kevin and Marcus Copeland fall into disgrace at the agency. They decide to work undercover on an abduction case disguised as Brittany and Tiffany Wilson, the vain, spoiled white daughters of a tycoon. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Two disgraced African American FBI agents, siblings Kevin and Marcus Copeland, are assigned the duty of protecting cruise-line heiresses Brittany and Tiffany Wilson from a kidnapping plot. Their supervisor, Elliott Gordon has given them this duty as a last resort to being fired from the agency given their recent reputation. When the Wilson sisters suffer facial scars from a car accident, they refuse to leave the hotel. To save their jobs, the Copelands will do the unthinkable: disguise themselves as white women in the form of Wilson sister lookalikes. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Plot Summary Two black FBI agents, Kevin and Marcus (Shawn and Marlon Wayans), have gone undercover to bust a drug dealer, but their sting falls apart. Their boss gives them a new assignment to escort two hotel heiresses, Brittany and Tiffany Wilson, to the Hamptons. The FBI has received word that there is a plot to kidnap the sisters at the Hamptons. As they are driving from the airport to the Hamptons, the girl's little dog goes out the window, and causes them to have a wreck. The two girls end up with cuts on their faces in the wreck. Brittany and Tiffany take a stand, and refuse to go to the Hamptons looking like this. If they don't go, the kidnapping plot will not occur. Kevin and Marcus will fail again, and probably lose their jobs. They decide to disguise themselves as the Wilson sisters and catch the kidnappers. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) ************************************************************** Plot The plot begins in a convenience store where two FBI agents and brothers, Kevin Copeland and Marcus Copeland (Shawn and Marlon Wayans), try to capture members of an organization that sells drugs inside ice cream boxes (where in they disguise as old Caribbean men that are recipients of the drugs). A gunfight ensues, Kevin and Marcus finally knock out the criminals, leaving the place in shambles. But they soon find out that the men are actually selling real ice cream. Moments later, the real drug dealers arrive and escape. The FBI supervisor, Elliott Gordon (Frankie Faison) and some agents arrive after the scene. The place gets very messy when they arrive. He gives the two agents a last chance to remain in the FBI by giving them the duty of protecting the mega-rich billionaire cruise line heiresses Brittany and Tiffany Wilson (Maitland Ward and Anne Dudek) from a kidnapping plot (known as the socialite kidnappings). When the Wilson sisters get facial cuts in a car accident, they refuse to leave the hotel due to their appearance (despite the fact their cuts are barely noticeable). The agents then disguise themselves as white women in the form of Wilson sister look-alikes in order to save their jobs. At the Hamptons hotel, Kevin and Marcus meet Brittany and Tiffany's three best friends, Karen, Tori and Lisa. They also meet their enemies Megan and Heather Vandegeld. Marcus' wife Gina gets suspicious when she hears a woman's voice while she was on the phone with Kevin. Their marriage goes through a bumpy road. Kevin shows an interest in the news reporter Denise Porter, they have a long bumpy road of trying to be men, Marcus for his wife and Kevin for Denise as well as trying to be women at the hotel. In the end they attend the "white" party, the real Tiffany and Brittany Wilson turn up and they dont know what to do, but something more important accures, they spot a suspicious man with a gun at the party. 
 The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 )Summaries The saga of high fashion glamour, honor, romance, passion, and most importantly, family. The saga of the rich Forresters and the poor Logans is told against the backdrop of the fashion world in Los Angeles. Forrester Creations is the premiere fashion house in the city, thanks to the designing brilliance of Eric Forrester and the money and social grace of his wife, Stephanie Forrester. The ups and downs of their on-again, off-again marriage parallel the stormy lives of all their children, who have shared lovers and spouses with one another and even with their own father. Ridge Forrester is the arrogant oldest son (whose paternity will eventually be called into question); Thorne, the oft-neglected younger son; Kristen, the sweet but sexually-frigid older daughter; Felicia, the wild child. At the center of many of these storms is the Logan family. Beth Logan, the matriarch, has always carried a torch for Eric. Her three daughters include Brooke, the willful and sexually promiscuous oldest; Donna, the ditsy model; and Katie, who has always felt overshadowed by her more beautiful older sisters. Into the lives of these two families comes the brazen Sally Spectra of Spectra Fashions, a knock-off house that has frequently stolen from Forrester; Taylor Hayes, the beautiful but emotionally-troubled psychiatrist; Sheila Carter, a devious and homicidal nurse; the Marone family, with closer ties to the Forresters than anyone would have dreamed; and many others. Death, divorce, alcoholism, duplicity, betrayal and adultery are the everyday concerns, while murder, attempted murder, rape, impersonations and returns from the dead are the bizarre shocks that happen with dreadful regularity. J. Spurlin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Boy Meets World (19932000)44) An adolescent with two siblings tests his various theories about life as he endures the trials of growing up alongside a good friend. In this TV series we see the "adventures" and goofs of a young schoolboy named Cory Matthews and his best friend Shawn Hunter. At school, they aren't very popular with girls, and they have enemies like Harley, Joey, and Frankie. They also get often in trouble with Mr. Feeny, the school's funny principal. Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> The show starts with Cory as an average eleven year old boy. He has a best friend from the other side of the tracks, a teacher that constantly keeps him on his toes, a classmate named Topanga who he has trouble understanding, and a family that keeps his life interesting - including an older brother who seems to become more idiotic as the show progresses. As years wear on and Cory grows up, everything gradually changes. Shawn begins to feel the strains of his less than perfect life, Topanga become more than a friend, and the constant spinning of the world leads up to Cory slowly becoming less naive and more responsible. Max Vaughn The show begins and progresses the adventures and goofs of adolescent schoolboy Cory Matthews, his best friend from "the wrong side of the tracks" Shawn Hunter, his hard-to-understand girlfriend Topanga Lawrence with the help of former teacher now principal and Cory's next-door neighbor George Feeny and his continually-progressing idiotic older brother Eric. Alex Madison <degrassilover2057@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Drive (I) (2019 Video)Summaries Angela displays perfect execution in all aspects of her life until a chance encounter with a stranger makes her to face off against her own sexuality. What follows is an unraveling that pulls her out of the order of home and work and strings her along through a pulsing underground world of illicit gratification. The only thing stronger than the will of a woman who thrives on control is the part of her that breaks through once she loses it. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 