nm0001095:

 Inside (2007)651) Four months after the death of her husband, a woman on the brink of motherhood is tormented in her home by a strange woman who wants her unborn baby. Four months before Christmas, Sarah and Matthieu Scarangelo were in a car crash, of which Sarah and her unborn baby were the only survivors. On Christmas Eve, Sarah stays home alone, where she grieves her husband and prepares to go to the hospital the next morning for the delivery. As night falls, a woman knocks on Sarah's door asking to use the phone. When she refuses, the woman reveals that she knows Sarah and tries to force her way in. Sarah calls the police; they inspect the home and determine the woman has left, but promise to keep watch over Sarah through the night. The woman returns and tries to take Sarah's unborn child, but Sarah locks herself in the bathroom. The strange woman torments Sarah through the night and kills all who try help her. EllenRipley112 While driving in a rainy day, the pregnant photographer Sarah crashes her car against another one in a road with no survivors. Four months later, in Christmas Eve, Sarah decides to stay alone at her home, grieving her deceased boyfriend Matthieu and preparing to go to the hospital on the next morning for the delivery. During the night, a stranger wearing black heavily hits on her front door asking to get inside, but Sarah calls the police and the woman vanishes. Later, while sleeping, Sarah is attacked by the woman that broke in her house with a pair of scissors and she runs to the bathroom. During the bloody night of terror, the woman attacks Sarah's visitors and discloses to Sarah who she is and what she wants. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Depressed after the ghastly car accident that killed her husband in a horrible head-on collision, the young mother-to-be, Sarah, suddenly, finds herself all alone. Four months later, with Christmas Eve just around the corner, nothing much seems to have changed in Sarah's mental condition; she is still unable to come to terms with her loss; she is still overcome with silent grief, and her only refuge is her work as a photojournalist. Then, unexpectedly, in the dead of night, a knock at the door by an unknown woman in distress will pave the way for a demented razor-sharp nightmare, as the unrelenting raven-haired intruder has deeply malevolent intentions. Now, the pitiless woman in black wants something precious from Sarah, and she will stop at nothing to get it. Is there an escape from this blood-soaked Yuletide horror? Nick Riganas A pregnant woman loses her husband in a car accident. Months later, it is Christmas Eve and she is going to give birth to her baby on Christmas Day. Against the wishes of her family and friends, the woman decides to spend Christmas Eve all alone. Still depressed over what happened months earlier and angry at the world, her only hope is the unborn baby. During nighttime she gets a knock on her door.. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a shot of a baby in utero with the mother's voice soothing it. The baby recoils as if struck. Expectant mother Sarah (Alysson Paradis) has been in a car accident, and her husband has been killed. Months later on Christmas Eve, Sarah is making final preparations for her delivery the following day. In light of her husband's death, Sarah is now moody and depressed. That evening, a mysterious woman (Batrice Dalle) arrives at Sarah's door asking to use the telephone to call for help. Suspicious, Sarah lies that her husband is sleeping and she does not want to be disturbed, but the woman tells her that she knows that he is dead. When the visitor persists on coming in, Sarah, a professional photographer, attempts to take her photo through a window and telephones the police. When they arrive, the woman has already vanished. The police assure Sarah that she will be fine, but arrange to have a patrol car visit throughout the night. Upon developing her photos, Sarah recognizes the woman in the background of an earlier photo that Sarah had taken, indicating she was stalking Sarah over the past several days. Sarah telephones her employer, asking to have the photos enhanced. As Sarah goes to bed, the woman sneaks into her house and arrives in the bedroom, awakening Sarah with scissors puncturing her navel. Sarah fights the visitor off and locks herself in the bathroom, where the woman tries to gain entry. The woman makes clear that her intentions are to take Sarah's unborn child for herself. Sarah's employer arrives, and later her mother, both unaware of the predicament that Sarah is in. Believing her to be the attacker, Sarah accidentally kills her mother. Her employer is later stabbed to death by the mysterious woman. A little later, two policemen arrive to check up on Sarah, and upon realizing what is going on, attempt to apprehend Sarah's assailant but they are also murdered by the mysterious woman. A final confrontation ensues between Sarah and the woman, with both of them injuring each other via various household appliances. Sarah manages to gain the upper hand on her attacker and burns off half the woman's face with an aerosol container and a lighted cigarette that the woman smokes. The severly burned woman flees, and upon being cornered by Sarah in the living room, reveals her identity; she was the other driver in Sarah's car accident and, being pregnant at the time, had suffered a miscarriage and lost her child. (Thus, the baby in utero at the beginning and the mother's voice at the beginning of the film was not Sarah's at all, but rather the woman's.) The two are interrupted by the revival of one of the police officers; having been shot in close proximity by the woman with his riot gun, he survived the attack and was brain-damaged instead. In his current state of mind, he confuses Sarah with her attacker and brutally beats her with his club. The woman comes to Sarah's aid and kills the officer, but it is too late; Sarah has begun to give birth and the baby is stuck. Desperate to save the child, the woman proceeds to perform an impromptu Caesarian section on Sarah with her scissors. In the final scene, Sarah lies dead on the stairs drenched in blood while the murderous deranged woman, having been successful with her delivery, sits on a rocking chair and comforts the newborn child. FINE 
 Betty Blue (1986)Summaries A lackadaisical handyman and aspiring novelist tries to support his younger girlfriend as she slowly succumbs to madness. Zorg is a handyman working at the seaside in France, maintaining and looking after the wooden bungalows. He lives a quiet and peaceful life, working diligently and writing in his spare time. He is in love with Betty, a young woman who is as beautiful as she is wild and unpredictable. After a dispute with Zorg's boss, they leave and Betty finds a place to stay at her girlfriend's house. The girlfriend's lover owns an Italian restaurant and there they find a job. She is obsessed to try to get one of Zorg's books published, but it is rejected, which makes Betty fly into a rage. Suddenly, Betty's wild manners start to get out of control. Zorg sees the woman he loves slowly going insane. Is his love for Betty strong enough, if even if it comes to the worst? Mattias Pettersson <seaman@sbbs.se> Leading an uneventful, simple, but carefree life, Zorg, an incurable dreamer and aspiring writer, toils away restoring beach houses to make a living. Then, suddenly, Betty--an explosive, unpredictable, and dangerously beautiful nineteen-year-old perfect stranger--enters Zorg's life, ushering in a new era of creative madness, intense passions, and feverish love. Indeed, lively Betty is like a breath of fresh air; however, as unbounded affection gradually turns into destructive desire, Zorg stands powerless before Betty's hideous transformation. But, to Betty, Zorg is everything. Can he live up to her expectations? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lux terna (2019)Summaries Two actresses, Batrice Dalle and Charlotte Gainsbourg, are on a film set telling stories about witches - but that's not all. 'Lux terna' is also an essay on cinema, the love of film, and on-set hysterics. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Night on Earth (1991)321) An anthology of 5 different cab drivers in 5 American and European cities and their remarkable fares on the same eventful night. A collection of five stories involving cab drivers in five different cities. Los Angeles - A talent agent for the movies discovers her cab driver would be perfect to cast, but the cabbie is reluctant to give up her solid cab driver's career. New York - An immigrant cab driver is continually lost in a city and culture he doesn't understand. Paris - A blind girl takes a ride with a cab driver from the Ivory Coast and they talk about life and blindness. Rome - A gregarious cabbie picks up an ailing man and virtually talks him to death. Helsinki - an industrial worker gets laid off and he and his compatriots discuss the bleakness and unfairness of love and life and death. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Los Angeles: As evening falls, sassy tomboy cabby Corky (Winona Ryder) picks up hot-shot Hollywood executive Victoria Snelling (Gena Rowlands) from the airport, and as Corky drives, Victoria tries to conduct business over the phone. Despite their extreme differences socially, the two develop a certain connection. Sometime during the ride Victoria, who is evidently a talent scout or casting director, discovers that Corky would be ideal for a part in a movie she is casting, but Corky rejects the offer, as she has plans to become a mechanic. New York: Helmut Grokenberger (Armin Mueller-Stahl), a mild East German immigrant who was once a clown in his home country, now works in New York as a taxi driver. He picks up a passenger named YoYo (Giancarlo Esposito), a brash, streetwise young man and attempts to drive him to Brooklyn. Helmut doesn't really know how to drive with an automatic transmission so he allows YoYo to drive. On their way, they pick up YoYo's argumentative sister-in-law Angela (Rosie Perez). The story revolves around Helmut's attempts to understand and become a part of the culture of New York. Paris: A blind woman (Batrice Dalle) goes for a ride at night with a driver (Isaach De Bankol) who hails from the Ivory Coast. They both take some verbal jabs at each other during the ride. The driver asks his passenger what it's like to be blind and she attempts to explain to him, but their cultural differences and differences of life experience make things difficult. An ironic twist at the end of the segment turns upon a French pun near the beginning of it: When the driver states his nationality as "Ivoirien," some other Africans mock him with the punning phrase "Y voit rien" (he sees nothing there). After he drops off his blind passenger, he feels fascinated by her and gazes in her direction. This inattention to driving causes him to crash into another car, whose driver angrily accuses him of being blind. Rome: In the wee morning hours, a very eccentric cabbie (Roberto Benigni) picks up a priest (Paolo Bonacelli). As he drives, he starts to confess his sins. Much to priest's discomfort, he goes into great detail about how he discovered his sexuality first with a pumpkin and then with a sheep, then details a love affair he had with his brother's wife. The already-ailing priest is shocked by the lurid confession, and promptly has a fatal heart attack, leaving the cabbie with a very troubling situation. Helsinki: After an evening spent drinking heavily, three workers, one of whom has just been laid off (Kari Vnnen, Sakari Kuosmanen, and Tomi Salmela), climb into a cab to return home. On the way to drop them off the workers talk about what an awful fix their now-unconscious friend is in, by being out of work and having to face a divorce and a pregnant daughter. The driver Mika (Matti Pellonp) then tells them all the saddest story they have ever heard. The workers are terribly moved and depressed by the story, and even become unsympathetic toward their drunken, laid-off companion. As they arrive home, the sun is beginning to rise on a new day. But no one sees change in their stupering friend from his day to day life. 