nm0004379:

 Love & Sex (2000)Summaries Kate's fired from a women's magazine for writing about BJs, based on own experience as requested. She gets a last chance - 2500 happy, perky words on finding/keeping that perfect man. She tells about her relationships. When her rather explicit copy is rejected, magazine journalist Kate is asked by her editor to come up with an article on loving relationships instead, and to do so by the end of the day. This gets Kate thinking back over her own various experiences, and to wondering if she is in much of a position to write on the subject. J-26 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Foundling (2010)Summaries Virginia - a young Chinese woman in the old west - rescues her long lost sister, Mattie, from a brothel in Arizona. On their journey home to San Bernardino, they discover the strange, steaming wreckage of an otherworldly craft. Inside the vehicle, Mattie finds a very mysterious baby. Sergio It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sand Serpents (2009 TV Movie)Summaries A small group of US Army Soldiers are stranded in the remote Afghan desert. But it ain't the Taliban that's worrying them, it's these giant refugees from Tremors. In fact the big worms prove to be an ally of sorts by doing better against the Taliban than themselves but battling these enemies is something not covered in their training. bkoganbing from Buffalo, New York It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Secret Agent Clank (2008 Video Game)Summaries Follows Clank in his Secret Agent persona to save Ratchet, who has been framed by a ruthless enemy and jailed for a crime he did not commit. Clank's on a mission. His best buddy, Ratchet, has been framed by a ruthless enemy and jailed for a crime he did not commit. Not only that, but Ratchet's maximum security prison is full of the universe's most dangerous criminals most of whom are lining up to personally "welcome" Ratchet into his new cell. Luckily for Ratchet he's got Clank on the outside, and luckily for Clank he's the kind of brainy little robot who is cool under pressure and knows a thing or two about tracking down a mysterious enemy. That's why, as Secret Agent Clank, he's hot on the trail of clues to unravel the mystery and secure Ratchet's release from jail. Sony Computer Entertainment America It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 