nm0005322:

 Tarzan (2003)Summaries This thrilling contemporary take transforms the classic Tarzan tale into a rapid-fire adventure, an intriguing mystery and, most of all, a fiery love story. Strong-willed NYPD detective Jane Porter's perfectly ordered life turns upside down when a routine case unexpectedly leads her to primal and passionate Tarzan, now loose in the urban jungles of New York City. After plucking the mysterious feral man from his wild home, Tarzan's billionaire uncle, the CEO of powerful Greystoke Industries, stops at nothing to 'civilize' Tarzan in his own image. And, inexorably attracted to Tarzan's dangerous yet profoundly innocent nature, Jane wrestles with reason and instinct, civilization and savagery, her heart and her head. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sugar Rush (I) (20052006)211) 15-year-old Kim has just moved to Brighton and developed an earth-shattering, hormone-surging crush on her new best friend, Sugar. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. From the beginning of the series, main character Kim is adamant that she is sexually obsessed with her best friend, Sugar. Her strong feelings for Sugar motivate her to do anything for her friend, even when Sugar takes advantage of Kim's eagerness. Kim enters Sugar's world of casual sex, cigarettes, the over-consumption of alcohol and illegal drugs. Sugar is accustomed to using her good looks in order to get what she wants. Sexy, sassy and street-wise, she becomes a bad influence on Kim. She encourages Kim to drink alcohol and eventually gets Kim mixed up in all kinds of situations. 
 The Chameleon (IV) (2015)Summaries A serial killer begins to spiral totally out of control as three women interact with him in very different ways. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kinky Boots (2005)Summaries A drag queen comes to the rescue of a man who, after inheriting his father's shoe factory, needs to diversify his product if he wants to keep the business afloat. Charlie Price grew up with his father in the family shoe business, but he never thought he'd take his father's place. But his father's untimely death places him exactly there, where he learns that Price and Sons Shoes is failing. While in despair at his failed attempts to save the business, Charlie has a chance encounter with flamboyant drag queen cabaret singer Lola. Her complaints about the inadequate footwear for her work, combined with the suggestion of one of Charlie's ex-employees, Lauren, lead to a bid to save the business by making men's fetish footwear. Charlie convinces Lola to be their footwear designer and the transition begins. Now this disparate lot must struggle with this unorthodox idea while dealing with the prejudice of the staff, Lola's discomfort in the small town, and the selfish manipulation of Charles' greedy fiancee, who cannot see the greater good in Charlie's dream. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Price and Sons, located in Northampton, is a fourth-generation owned-and-operated family business specializing in quality shoes for men. The heir apparent to the company, Charlie Price, doesn't plan to take over the company; he wants to move to London with his fiance, Nicola Marsden. Both want to flee as far away from the company and Northampton's close-mindedness as possible. But Charlie's plan changes when his father Harold, the company's current president, suddenly dies. Dealing with immediate company issues, Charlie learns that the primary contract on which the company had been working has long expired--something that Harold hid from everyone--meaning that there is no work and little prospect for work with their current line of shoes. Under the circumstances, Charlie thinks his only option is to lay off several employees. Instead, Nicola wants him to sell the business; she even finds a buyer: a property developer who wants to convert the factory into upscale condos. But one of Charlie's about-to-be-laid-off employees, a young woman named Lauren, believes that either option would be Charlie taking the easy way out and not looking out for the interests of the company's loyal, hardworking employees. She suggests that he change the business model and create another line of shoes in a niche market. Upon a chance meeting with a huge drag queen named Lola, Charlie comes up with the idea of specializing in fashionable women's boots made for the general heft of drag queens. There are many obstacles to converting the business to this new model, including meshing fashionable design with the required functionality of the boots, and having a relatively conservative town, business, and employees into supporting this change, especially with their target market being "unfamiliar" people like Lola. With Lola's assistance, these changes are both advanced and hindered. Charlie believes that to make the company truly successful in this new model, he must show the boots during the Milan fashion season using the target market, drag queens, as the models. Showing in Milan takes money, which Charlie lacks. But more importantly, Charlie must overcome some internal issues to be successful in this venture. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 