nm0006733:

 Top Gun (1986)541) As students at the United States Navy's elite fighter weapons school compete to be best in the class, one daring young pilot learns a few things from a civilian instructor that are not taught in the classroom. Code-named "Maverick", Pete Mitchell, the impetuous daredevil Navy-pilot ace, is accepted into Miramar's elite Fighter School, also known as "Top Gun". There, as the impulsive pilot competes with the best of the best, not only will he meet Charlie, the flying school's curvaceous astrophysics instructor, but also the brilliant and highly competitive fellow student, "Iceman", with whom right from the start, he will engage in a reckless contest. As Maverick is haunted by his father's mysterious death, will he be able to suppress his wild nature to win the prestigious Top Gun Trophy? Nick Riganas Devil-may-care navy pilot Pete Mitchell (Tom Cruise) is sent to Miramar Naval Air Station for advanced training. Here he vies with Tom Kasansky (Val Kilmer) for the coveted "Top Gun" award. When not so occupied, Mitchell carries on a romance with civilian consultant Charlotte Blackwood (Kelly McGillis). Shaken up by the death of a friend, Mitchell loses the Top Gun honor to Kasansky. Worried that he may have lost his nerve, Mitchell is given a chance to redeem himself during a tense international crisis involving a crippled US vessel and a flock of predatory enemy planes. Lieutenant Pete "Maverick" Mitchell is an expert United States Naval Aviator. When he encounters a pair of MiGs over the Persian Gulf, his wingman is clearly outflown and freaks. On almost no fuel, Maverick is able to talk him back down to the carrier. When his wingman turns in his wings, Maverick is moved up in the standings and sent to the Top Gun Naval Flying School. There he fights the attitudes of the other pilots and an old story of his father's death in combat that killed others due to his father's error. Maverick struggles to be the best pilot, stepping on the toes of his other students. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The aircraft carrier USS Enterprise (CVN-65) is on patrol near the Persian Gulf when radar contact is made with a MiG fighter. The Combat Air Patrol of the Enterprise is vectored to meet the incoming aircraft, and the fighters involved are F-14 Tomcat interceptors, each manned by a pilot and a Radar Intercept Officer (RIO). The pilot of the lead plane is Flight Lieutenant Peter "Maverick" Mitchell ( Tom Cruise ), a callsign appropriate for his arrogant rule-bending attitude; his RIO is Lt. Nicholas "Goose" Bradshaw ( Anthony Edwards ). The second F14 is piloted by Bill "Cougar" Cortell ( John Stockwell ) with Sam "Merlin" Wells ( Tim Robbins ) as the RIO. The two F14s split up and are surprised when a second MiG, shielded from radar by riding within feet of its leader, appears. Cougar is outmaneuvered by MiG One while Maverick locks his missile radar on MiG Two, who promptly disengages. MiG One stays on Cougar and is only chased off when Maverick flies upside down, closes up on the MiG, and flashes an obscene gesture to the enemy pilot. The MiG disengages and the two Tomcats fly to the Enterprise, but Cougar is so rattled he cannot land, forcing Maverick, low on fuel and against orders, to abort his own landing and talk Cougar to the deck. Cougar sees the captain of the Enterprise, Tom "Stinger" Jordan ( James Tolkan ), and turns in his wings -- the incident has left Cougar rattled and he feels he can't fly combat any longer. Stinger is forced to change his intended disciplinary action against Maverick, for he must send a Tomcat tandem for additional combat training at the Navy's Fighter Weapons School in Miramar, near San Diego,CA and the Captain is plainly disgusted that Maverick is the only qualified candidate for the assignment. Maverick, however, is quietly overjoyed as he regards the assignment as an opportunity for advancement, and upon arrival begins a rivalry with a fellow Tomcat pilot, Lt. Tom "Iceman" Kazansky ( Val Kilmer ), and his RIO, Ron "Slider" Kerner ( Rick Rossovich ). At a bar the night after their first day at the School, Maverick notices Charlotte Blackwood ( Kelly McGillis ) a pretty young blonde in jeans, and hits on her by following her into the ladies room and serenading her. It seems not to work until the next day she appears at the School, revealing herself to be Charlie, a previously unseen DOD flight instructor that Maverick had assumed to be male. Though technically a civilian, she has mastered the flight simulator where she has beaten several actual pilots. She begins to become smitten with Maverick before the official competition begins. In his first exercise, Maverick takes on the School's resident "enemy" pilot, LTC Richard "Jester" Heatherly ( Michael Ironside ), and succeeds in outmaneuvering him and "shooting" him down, but in so doing he flies below a set minimum engagement altitude - a "hard-deck" - and then compounds this faux pas by "buzzing" (or overflying) a flight tower at absurdly low altitude just to show off. Both Maverick and Goose listen while Jester and their commanding officer, Commander Michael "Viper" Metcalf ( Tom Skerritt ) are chewed out by the tower's commanding officer. Iceman also chews out Maverick for his "unsafe" attitude, but Maverick refuses to have any of it, even after Jester summons him to his office and threatens to expel him should he continue this way. Metcalf, however, knows Maverick because Maverick's father flew with him in Vietnam off the USS Oriskany (CVA-34) and was shot down when he engaged the enemy in "neutral" airspace. The contest between Maverick and Iceman continues; in a later exercise Viper and Jester team up against Maverick and fellow F14 pilot Hollywood. Maverick breaks a cardinal rule by abandoning his wingman to go after Viper, and in so doing Hollywood is "shot down" and then the same fate befalls Maverick. But the worst is yet to come, for Maverick is teamed with Iceman and Maverick, determined to win the School contest, angrily chews out Iceman for taking too long to attack an enemy craft; Maverick takes the shot, but when the two aircraft get close, the backwash from Iceman's thrusters cripple Maverick's engines and the F14 plunges toward the sea. Goose barely succeeds in yanking open the emergency ejection handles, but when the fighter's canopy pops open, the two pilots eject and Goose crashes into the canopy, killing him. Maverick is devastated by Goose's death, and though an inquiry clears him of wrongdoing, his confidence is destroyed. He nonetheless graduates from the class and is reassigned to the Enterprise, where an incident with enemy MiGs leads to a fateful battle involving Iceman as well as Maverick. Iceman, and Hollywood are launched to intercept a pair of MiGs but are jumped by four additional enemy fighters. Hollywood is shot down and Iceman hopelessly surrounded when Maverick is launched, now with Merlin as his RIO. Though delayed by malfunctioning catapults on the flight deck, Maverick still arrives at the scene of battle but is surrounded by enemy and when he flies into one ship's jetwash his own fighter briefly stalls out - and though he regains control he flashes back to Goose's death and breaks off, leaving Iceman (who has long doubted Maverick's courage after Goose's death) trapped as Merlin desperately and furiously yells at Maverick to get back into battle. Maverick pull himself together and returns to assist Iceman, and they destroy four MiGs, prompting the remaining squadron to retreat. As a result, Maverick and Iceman finally become friends. As a reward for his heroism, Maverick is offered any assignment he chooses. He chooses to be an instructor at Top Gun. He tosses Goose's dog tags into the ocean, signifying he has come to terms with his friend's death. 
 The Hitcher (1986)431) A young man who escapes the clutches of a murderous hitchhiker is subsequently stalked by the hitcher and framed for his crimes. A young man transporting a car to another state is stalked along the road by a cunning and relentless serial killer who eventually frames the driver for a string of murders. Chased by Police and shadowed by the killer, the driver's only help comes from a truck stop waitress. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> Driving someone else's car from Chicago, Illinois to San Diego, California, a young man named Jim Halsey (C. Thomas Howell) picks up a hitchhiker with a taste for murder. The Police, unaware of the real murderer (John Ryder (Rutger Hauer)), blame Jim. Ryder shows super human powers in his destructive spree. Rob Hartill Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jim Halsey (C. Thomas Howell), a young man delivering a car from Chicago to San Diego, spots a man hitchhiking and gives him a ride. The man, giving his name as John Ryder (Rutger Hauer), is a brooding, soft spoken man; when Jim passes a stranded car, however, Ryder's personality suddenly shifts. Ryder calmly states that the reason the car is stranded is because he murdered and mutilated the driver, and he intends to do the same to Jim. Ryder produces a switchblade knife and taunts Jim for several moments, before Jim realizes Ryder never put on his seat belt and that the passenger door isn't fully closed and knocks him out of the car. Relieved, Jim continues on his journey, until a station wagon carrying a family on vacation passes, and Jim is horrified to see that Ryder has hitched a ride with them. Jim attempts to signal the family, but ends up nearly totaling his car; when he finally catches up to the station wagon, Jim discovers the entire family has been horribly mutilated by Ryder. The movie shifts into an elongated chase sequence, which finds Jim trying to flee Ryder both on foot and in his car, to no avail; wherever Jim runs, Ryder finds him: It seems that Ryder, impressed with Jim's show of bravery by knocking him out of the car, has decided that Jim is the man who is finally going to put his killing spree to an end. Jim then finds Ryder at an abandoned gas station. Ryder knocks down the gas pumps with a pickup truck and then lights a match. Both cars drive off and the gas station explodes. Jim retreats to a roadside diner, where he meets a pretty young waitress named Nash (Jennifer Jason Leigh) and calls the police. She then serves him a cheeseburger and french fries. He eats these in solitude, until discovering that one of the fries is a severed finger. Realizing that Ryder is nearby, Jim attempts to flee, but is stopped by the police who promptly place him under arrest, mistakenly thinking that he might be responsible for the dead bodies found by the side of the road. At some point, Ryder pick-pocketed Jim, and placed his wallet at the scene of a murder. Jim is taken to a local jail, booked, and placed in a cell. Sometime later in the day, Jim awakens from a nap to find the police station eerily quiet and his cell door open. Jim slips out to discover the bodies of three murdered policemen. Jim panics, steals a gun and runs from the station house as five police cars arrive. Jim comes to a pay phone and sees two cops pull up. Knowing that Ryder has framed him, Jim points his gun at them and takes the troopers hostage, forcing them to drive him away from the scene. He forces the police officers to get him in touch with the captain, and Jim pleads his case. The captain suspects that Jim is telling the truth, and asks Jim to come meet him. Jim agrees, but just then, Ryder pulls up alongside the car, kills the cops with a revolver, shoots out the radio, and drives away. Jim wanders across the desert to a diner and is confronted by Ryder. When Jim asks Ryder why he's pursuing him, Ryder only replies that Jim should know, then calmly reaches across the table and sticks two pennies over Jim's eyes (an ancient funeral ritual performed on corpses, so that their souls could pay Charon to carry them across Styx to the land of the dead). Jim is left terrified and alone with the pennies on his eyes - and a handful of bullets that Ryder left him for his gun. Jim attempted to shoot Ryder, but only to find that his gun has no bullets. Jim leaves the diner and sneaks onto a Greyhound bus. He then sees that Nash is on the Greyhound. He pulls Nash into the bus's bathroom and convinces her that he's innocent. Before the two can act, the police stop the bus and attempt to arrest Jim. But the hot-tempered Trooper Hancock (Henry Darrow) means to kill Jim because one of the policemen murdered by Ryder was his brother. Nash takes Jim's gun and pulls it on the two officers, and she and Jim flee in a police car. They're chased by two more police cars and Jim is forced to blow out their tires and cause them to collide with one another. Then a police chopper arrives and starts taking pot shots at Jim. Then Ryder pulls up, shoots the chopper down and drives away. The pair hide out in a roadside motel, but while Jim is taking a shower, Ryder breaks into the room and kidnaps Nash, dragging her to a truck stop parking lot where he ties her between a Mack truck and its trailer, threatening to tear her in half if he doesn't speak to Jim. The police, now convinced of Jim's innocence, enlist him to try to negotiate with Ryder. In the cab of the truck, Ryder demands that Jim shoot him. Jim refuses, saying that if he were to shoot Ryder, Ryder's foot will slip from the clutch, killing Nash anyway. Furious, Ryder insults Jim and then shifts both the clutch and the accelerator - the truck screams forward, killing Nash. Police swarm the truck and arrest both Ryder and Jim. At the station, the authorities are bewildered, unable to find any information on Ryder: He has no social security number, no driver's license, no indication that he has ever existed. All that the police can determine is that Ryder is a serial/spree killer and a threat which the local department cannot handle, and arrange to have him transported for holding at a state prison. Before Ryder is placed into a transport van, the police allow Jim to see him in the interrogation room. Ryder seems pleased to see Jim and touches his hand. Jim responds by spitting in Ryder's face. The police cover Ryder in shackles and chains and place him in the back of a prison bus, escorted by multiple officers. As Jim is loaded into a police car to be taken to his family, he finally decides to murder Ryder. Jim steals Captain Esteridge's gun and hijacks the squad car, chasing the prison bus. As Jim pulls up on it, the back doors fly open, to reveal the entire police escort murdered and a bloody, still partially chained Ryder clutching a shotgun. As the van veers out of control, Ryder leaps off the back of the van and crashes through the window of the police car Jim is driving. Jim slams on the brakes, throwing Ryder off; the sudden braking, though, causes the police car to stall, and a bloody Ryder lifts himself from the highway, picks up his shotgun, and begins firing it into the police car. Jim avoids the damage of the blasts by lying sideways, repeatedly turning the ignition key and pumping the gas pedal in an effort to restart the car; he eventually restarts the car, and slams it into Ryder, throwing him off the side of the highway. Jim slips out of the car, picks up the still-loaded shotgun, and inspects Ryder's corpse. Satisfied that Ryder is dead, he turns around and heads back to the police car when he hears movement behind him. As he stops, Jim is not surprised that Ryder is alive and standing up. Ryder smiles at Jim and throws his shackles down at Jim's feet. Jim responds by emptying the remaining shotgun shells into Ryder's body, at last killing him, and leaving Jim alone in the desert to light up a cigarette and watch the sun set over the horizon. 
 The Weiss Album: Star of the UnbornSummaries Adaptation of Franz Werfel's STAR OF THE UNBORN - a disheartened Greenpeace researcher goes looking for his girlfriend lost at sea during a whale watching expedition and finds himself 100,010 years in the future on the eve of a world war. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Beverly Hills Cop II (1987)321) Axel Foley returns to Beverly Hills to help Taggart and Rosewood investigate Chief Bogomil's near-fatal shooting and the series of "alphabet crimes" associated with it. Three years after the events in Beverly Hills Cop (1984) , the street-wise Detroit detective, Axel Foley, invades the posh city once more, after the assassination attempt on Captain Andrew Bogomil. Against the backdrop of a seemingly endless string of violent and well-orchestrated smash-and-grab robberies known as the "Alphabet Crimes", Detectives Billy Rosewood and John Taggart struggle to solve the case; nevertheless, in vain. Now, a lethally beautiful hitwoman linked to an international arms trafficking ring is the mysterious and elusive prime suspect. Can the brazen and sassy Axel and his partners solve this thorny case, too? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set approximately two years after the original film, Beverly Hills Police Captain (formerly Lieutenant) Andrew Bogomil (Ronny Cox), Detective Billy Rosewood (Judge Reinhold), and Sergeant John Taggart (John Ashton) are trying to figure out who is behind the "Alphabet Crimes," a series of mostly high end store robberies distinguished by their monogrammed envelopes with an alphabetical sequence the assailants leave behind. Complicating matters is the new "political" state of the Beverly Hills police, headed by an incompetent and verbally abusive new police chief Harold Lutz (Allen Garfield), who is doing everything he can to stay on Mayor Ted Egan's (Robert Ridgely) good side. Unimpressed when Rosewood calls the FBI to help solve the case, Lutz holds Bogomil responsible as commanding officer and suspends him, despite Bogomil's efforts to convince him that Rosewood was only following a hunch, a traditional aspect of police work. Lutz also punishes Taggart and Rosewood by placing them on traffic duty. On the way home, Bogomil is shot by Karla Fry (Brigitte Nielsen), the chief hench-woman of Maxwell Dent (Jrgen Prochnow). Finding out about the shooting over a news report, Axel Foley (Eddie Murphy) immediately flies out to Beverly Hills (covering his absence from his actual job in Detroit by telling his commanding officer Inspector Todd he was going "deep deep deep DEEP undercover" on the credit card fraud case he had been assigned to) to help find out who shot Bogomil to repay the favor he owes Bogomil for saving his job two years ago. Before leaving town, Axel asks his co-worker Jeffrey Friedman (Paul Reiser) to drive his red Ferrari convertable around town to make it appear that Axel is still in the city. Before leaving, Axel meets with his credit card fraud contact Vinnie (Robert Pastorelli) to stall the deal only to discover that Vinnie's front man is the same front man (Robert Pesce) that Axel did business while undercover before two years earlier during the cigarette heist deal. Axel accuses the man of being a cop and leaves for California. After arriving in L.A. by plane, Foley shacks up in a Beverly Hills mansion which is under construction while the owners are on vacation and sets it as his base of operations. Foley then goes to the police station and makes contact with Taggart and Rosewood who secretly agree to assist Foley because of Lutz's apparent attempts to find an excuse to get them fired. Posing as an undercover FBI agent to get past Lutz (by convincing Friedman in Detroit to pose as Todd to intercept Lutz's phone call to Todd's office and convince Lutz that Foley is part of a multi-jurisdictional task force). Foley soon starts making the connection between the robberies and Dent. Foley then asks Bogomil's teenage daughter, Jan (Alice Adair), to use her connections as an insurance agent to find out about Dent's financial dealings. It turns out that Dent is robbing his own businesses deliberately (which have insurance) to finance firearms deals and is discreetly using his henchman Charles Cain (Dean Stockwell) as the front man for his operations. Bogomil was shot because he was on the right track with his investigation into the case. Having foiled a robbery attempt at a bank depository, Foley is able to trick Dent's accountant Sydney Bernstein (Gilbert Gottfried) into using his computer and discovers that Dent and Karla are planning to leave the country, and he also learns from Jan that all of Dent's businesses have gone under except his race track, which he is convinced is the next target. On the way to the race track, Foley solves the latest riddle sent to the police, and is convinced that this riddle was made easily solvable for the cops so Dent could implicate Cain as the Alphabet Bandit (though Foley is aware that Cain is being used as a patsy to throw the authorities off of Dent's trail as he not intelligent enough to be the Alphabet Bandit, having met him personally at Dent's gun club and getting an impression that he is a pawn instead of a criminal mastermind). The three arrive too late to stop the robbery and find Cain's body (he was shot by Karla) among those killed. While Lutz announces publicly that the Alphabet Crimes have been solved, Foley notices some red mud at the stables, which leads him, Taggart and Rosewood to Dent's oil field where Dent is making his final arms deal. The three of them then engage in a shootout with everyone involved in the deal. Dent confronts Foley in the warehouse, but Foley gets distracted by one of Dent's men on the roof and Dent walks into the shadows. Dent then crashes through the wall in his car and Foley shoots Dent through the windshield, sending his car down a hill and erupting in flames, but not before running Foley over. Karla appears and is about to kill Foley, but is shot dead by Taggart. Just as the last thugs are about to flee, the police arrive upon the scene, along with Lutz and Mayor Egan. Lutz tries to fire Rosewood and Taggart for their insubordination and also attempts to arrest Foley. However, both Taggart and Rosewood stand up to Lutz this time and prove that Dent was the real Alphabet Bandit and that the real purpose of the Alphabet Crimes was about financing the arms deal (so Dent could make a larger profit overseas). They are also able to convince Mayor Egan of Lutz's incompetence (since Lutz would had gotten in the way had he known about their activities due to him intentionally ignoring the truth from other cops), and the Mayor personally fires Lutz because he is tired of his abusive attitude towards his own men and for jeopardizing the investigation. At the end, Bogomil is chosen by Mayor Egan to replace Lutz as the next Chief of Police, and Foley returns back to Detroit, but not before he gets chewed out by Inspector Todd over the phone, right after Egan called him to congratulate him on allowing Foley to assist them on this case. On top of that, Jeffrey Friedman is revealed to have accidentally wrecked Foley's car while covering for him. In the final scene, Rosewood and Taggart say their goodbye to Foley for good when the owners of the Beverly Hills mansion return from their vacation to find Foley and the two detectives there, forcing Foley to flee to the airport and leaving Rosewood and Taggart to explain to the owners what they are doing in their house. 