nm0001472:

 The Warlords (2007)541) China, 1860s: Having his army slaughtered, General Qingyun joins 2 bandit leaders in raids on rebels and in blood oath. They form a Qing loyal army with eyes on rebel held Suzhou and Nanjing. Set in China in the 1860's during the Taiping Rebellion, the story is based on the assassination of Ma Xinyi in 1870. Loyalist General Qingyun is the only survivor of a battle with anti-Qing rebels. He encounters a starving village, whose inhabitants engage in banditry to survive, where he is nursed back to health by the attractive Liansheng. With his strength regained, Qingyun impresses one of the village bandit leaders, Jiang Wuyang, with his fighting skills. Wuyang introduces him to his "big brother", who also happens to be Liansheng's husband, Zhao Erhu and Qingyun begins to assist them with their raids. Qingyun convinces his two new comrades to form a loyalist army unit to fight the rebels and feed their own people. The three men swear a blood oath. Their stunning military successes impress the governing powers, but as Qingyun's influence begins to grow, they soon fear him. The political and emotional stakes will be tested, leading to differences between the blood brothers. Sonja Pavkovic Three diverse men--a soldier, a man of honour, and an idealist--whom chance brings together, swear loyalty and allegiance. From now on, they will be brothers of blood, brave leaders of an unstoppable army of bandits, willing to fight tooth and nail for the cause. Together, these battle-scarred lords of war will stop at nothing to get power. However, once victory is within their grasp, an even more challenging task awaits them: find the courage to keep their promises and stand firm when the going gets tough. Nick Riganas It's a heroic tale of three blood brothers and their struggle in the midst of war and political upheaval. It is based on "The Assassination of Ma," a Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) story about the killing of general Ma Xinyi. The story was filmed by Zhang Che in 1973 as The Blood Brothers. anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Imperial General Pang Qingyun (Jet Li) survives a battle which wiped out his whole battalian. As he climbed out from the bodies lying dead in the battlefield, his numbed mind, deadened to life, he wanders around and ends up following a stranger (Jinglei Xu) who stops when she realizes that she's being followed. Pang continues moving forward and faints from hunger. The stranger takes him into a home and feeds him. In the middle of the night, she gets into his bed and they had sex. By morning, she has gone, but Pang regains his strength and his will to live. Jiang Wuyang (Takeshi Kaneshiro) is amongst those distributing food to the poor when he chanced upon Pang and they get into a fight. Apparently Jiang is testing Pang's skills and is impressed, and he brings Pang back to see "big brother" Zhao Erhu (Andy Lau). Here, Pang meets the lady stranger who fed him earlier, Lian (Jinglei Xu) and they exchange glances, and later they meet in secret where he finds out more about her background. The bandits make a raid against a food convoy of the Taiping. Pang makes his move just as Jiang is about to be killed and saves him, and moves to kill the leader of the convoy. The bandits cheer for Pang, with a bit of envy showing from Zhao. They return and feed the village but the food is confiscated back by attacking imperial troops. Zhao, Jiang and Pang swear to be brothers and they take Pang's survival suggestion to join the imperial army. They make some successful attacks against the Taiping, advancing quickly in ranks and we get an insight into the driving force behind Pang's motives - bringing peace to the people. He is able to focus beyond the current issues, not hesitating to sacrifice the lives of his people, even brothers, nor flinching away from secret political deals with his rivals. This brings conflict between Pang and Zhao, who always has the interest of his men first and believes in trust and honour above all. Third brother Jiang is caught between them, understanding the reasons behind Pang's motives yet believing in Zhao's loyalty. In the final conflict, Zhao is sacrificed by Pang and yet, himself killed by people in politics because of his ambition to bring peace. Jiang, believing the reason behind the conflict behind his brothers is caused by their love for the same woman, kills Lian, and made scapegoat for Pang's death. 
 Fearless (2006)431) A biography of Chinese Martial Arts Master Huo Yuanjia, who is the founder and spiritual guru of the Jin Wu Sports Federation. Martial arts legend Huo Yuanjia became the most famous fighter in all of China at the turn of the 20th Century. Huo faced personal tragedy but ultimately fought his way out of darkness and into history, defining the true spirit of martial arts. His self-discovery, and the choices he made, inspired his nation. The son of a great fighter who did not wish for his child to follow in his footsteps, the bullied Huo Yuanjia resolves to teach himself how to fight - and win. Years of training enable him to ace match after match in his home region of Tianjin. But as his fame as a martial arts master grows, so does his pride. After an ill-advised fight leads to another master's death, members of Huo's family are slain in revenge. Grieving and ashamed, Huo wanders the country in shock. Near death, he is rescued by women from an idyllic village, and is offered simple kindness and generosity that help him heal and regain his equilibrium over a period of several years. Huo realizes that the future of martial arts lies in sportsmanship and not brutality, and he rejoins society to apply what he has learned. Returning to Tianjin, Huo takes steps to come to terms with his past and restore his family's name. His evolving, graceful Mizong (Missing) Fist method of fighting brings Huo renewed success, and he forms the progressive Jingwu Sports Federation. Taking note, duplicitous members of the Foreign Chamber of Commerce engineer a Shanghai tournament pitting Huo against four fighters, each representing the major foreign powers in China. Huo commits to the bout and faces off against, respectively, a British boxer, a Spanish swordsman, a Belgian soldier, and a Japanese martial artist. What happened that day in 1910 has never been, and will never be, forgotten in China. Rogue Pictures When an ill-advised fight destroys the reputation of a renowned martial arts champion and his family, his difficult path to redemption will bring him face-to-face with the most ferocious fighters in the world. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Fearless, known as Huo Yuanjia, and as Jet Li's Fearless in the United Kingdom and in the United States, is a 2006 Chinese-Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Ronny Yu and starring Jet Li. Using the events of the life of Huo Yuanjia, was a Chinese martial artist and a co-founder of the Chin Woo Athletic Association, a martial arts school in Shanghai. A practitioner of the martial art mizongyi, Huo is considered a hero in China for defeating foreign fighters in highly publicized matches at a time when Chinese sovereignty was being eroded by foreign imperialism, concessions and spheres of influence. In the final years of the Qing Dynasty, also known as the Qing Empire, officially the Great Qing, was the last imperial dynasty of China, established in 1636 and ruling China from 1644 to 1912. It was before the birth of the Republic of China, a sovereign state in East Asia. Li stated in an interview that the film was his last wushu, "Wushu" is the Chinese term for "martial arts". In contemporary times, Wushu has become an international sport through the International Wushu Federation (IWUF) martial arts epic, a point also made in the film's television promotions and other publicity. The film starts with Huo Yuanjia fighting and defeating three Westerners - British boxer, Belgian lancer and a Spanish fencer. Wracked with guilt, Huo flees Tianjin, and wanders aimlessly for many months. He nearly drowns in a river but is saved by Granny Sun and her blind granddaughter, Yueci. They bring him back to their village. Huo, guided by their kindness, begins to learn the value of compassion and mercy. In 1907, Huo returning to Tianjin and sees the changes that have taken place. He apologizes to Qin's family and reconciles with Jinsun, who's now a businessman. He challenges the American wrestler, Hercules O'Brien. During their match, Huo saves O'Brien from being impaled on some nails and wins the gratitude of O'Brien, who names Huo the victor. Members of the foreign chamber of commerce fear that Huo's victories will create anti-foreign sentiments among the Chinese people and will disadvantage their sentiments. On September 14, 1910, Huo, after defeating the European challengers, starts with Tanaka. In the first round, they fight with their weapons of choice. Huo uses a sanjiegun (three-sectional staff, triple staff, three-part staff, sansetsukon in Japanese, or originally sanjiegun while Tanaka uses a katana that were used by the samurai of ancient and feudal Japan). In the heat of the fight, they accidentally exchange weapons. However, Huo is able to handle the katana proficiently, while Tanaka fumbles with the sanjiegun. Huo offers to exchange w weapons with Tanaka, and the first-round ends in a draw. Before the next round, Huo unknowingly drinks tea poisoned by the members of the foreign chamber of commerce. He then collapses. Tanaka, aware that he would have died had Huo used more force, declares Huo the victor as Huo dies. In the epilogue, Huo's spirit practices Wushu on a field while Yueci observes him. Huo turns to her and smiles, indicating a lovers' reconciliation. - Martin Snytsheuvel 
 Kiss of the Dragon (2001)321) A betrayed intelligence officer enlists the aid of a prostitute to prove his innocence from a deadly conspiracy while returning a favor to her. Liu Jian, a police officer from China, comes to Paris to help the vice squad apprehend a Chinese drug lord and his unknown French connection. The French connection is Richard, the head of the vice squad, who intends to kill the drug lord then frame Jian. Jian ducks a bullet and escapes with a tape of what really happened. By chance, Jian turns to Jessica - a US farm girl who is one of Richard's hookers - for help. She has her own problems, including the fact that Richard has her daughter locked in an orphanage to keep Jessica on the streets and silent about his activities. Can Jian protect Jessica, rescue her daughter, and give Richard the kiss of the dragon? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Liu Siu-jian (Jet Li), a Chinese intelligence agent, is sent to Paris to help apprehend Chinese mob boss Mr. Big (Ric Young), who is involved in heroin smuggling. He meets Inspector Jean-Pierre Richard (Tchky Karyo), a corrupt and violent French police detective, at a hotel. Richard tricks Liu into believing he is simply providing reconnaissance of a meet involving Mr. Big. The plans are changed when Mr. Big is introduced to two prostitutes, one being Jessica Kamen (Bridget Fonda), an American woman, who takes him to his room to service him. While Liu and the rest were watching through the surveillance camera, Mr. Big kicks everyone out except for the two prostitutes. While a prostitute is on top of Mr. Big, she attempts to murder him. Witnessing the events from a surveillance room, Liu rushes to stop the prostitutes. Richard enters shortly later, only to shoot Mr. Big and the prostitute with Liu's police-issue handgun, framing Liu for the murders. Realizing he has been set up, Liu manages to escape from the hotel with a surveillance tape showing Richard shooting Mr. Big. Chinese liaisons are sent to France after the events to investigate the matter, as Richard makes Liu the primary suspect. However, the liaisons do not believe the story Richard provides. Liu manages to contact one of the liaisons, in an attempt to pass on the tape to reveal the truth. Due to French police surveillance, the meet between the liaison and Liu is spotted, and the liaison is assassinated. During Liu's escape, he loses the tape in the chaos, and is forced to maintain a low profile. As he considers his situation, he meets Jessica, whose daughter was kidnapped by Richard to force her into prostitution. Liu discovers Jessica was the second prostitute at the hotel during the night of Mr. Big's murder. He realizes she can prove his innocence, but she refuses to go without her retrieving her daughter, Isabel. Liu decides the tape would provide the best evidence, and sends Jessica to Richard's office to steal the tape. Jessica manages to get the tape, so Liu and Jessica head to an orphanage where Isabel is kept. However, Richard anticipates this move after discovering Jessica has stolen the tape, and ambushes the couple at the orphanage. During their escape, Jessica is shot in the chest. Liu manages to get her to the hospital in time, and becomes driven to retrieve her daughter. Liu arrives at the police station where Richard is holding Isabel hostage, and fights his way through Richard's henchmen to his office. Once at the office, Liu rescues Isabel, getting shot by Richard in the process. To save Isabel, Liu kills Richard by sticking an acupuncture needle into the back of his neck in a forbidden location known as the "kiss of the dragon," which stimulates all the body's blood to travel to the brain to cause a painful death via a brain aneurysm. Liu survives the gunshot wound, and returns Jessica's daughter back to her mother. 
 The One (2001)Summaries A rogue Multiverse agent goes on a manhunt for alternate versions of himself, getting stronger with each kill. Only the last version of himself, an LASD cop, can stop his crusade before he becomes "The One". There is not one universe, but there are many, which is a multiverse. Supposing you are just one person, there are many other versions of you in the other universes, there are ways to travel, but only a police agency, MVA, can travel only for police procedures. Gabriel Yulaw is a former MVA agent, who killed another version of himself in self-defense. It made the other versions of him stronger. When Yulaw found out about this, he became power-hungry killing the 122 other versions for two years. After killing Lawless and getting captured by his former partner Roedecker and a new MVA agent Funsch, Yulaw managed to escape the prison and is trying to kill his last target, Gabe Law who is a police officer. He is also at Yulaw's strength. Roedecker and Funsch now have to arrest Yulaw before he can kill Gabe. There is a possibility that the universe could die or make Yulaw invincible. After encountering Yulaw for the first time, Gabe thought that it was his split personality, but it wasn't. Will Gabe be able to confront Yulaw before or after Yulaw ruins his life? Zero 88 What if there is more than one universe and that all of these universes are held together by one single stream of energy. That energy is equally distributed to every living being in each universe and if one of these beings die, that energy is reallocated equally to each other surviving member. With each allocation, a person becomes stronger. Now one universe has mastered the ability of crossing into another universe and a man named Yulaw who believes that, if he can kill all of his counterparts, he will become invincible. But there are those who believe that it might have detrimental effects, so begins the manhunt for the most dangerous villain in the multiverse. Unfortunately, he just has one more person to kill, Gabe Law. Otherworldly police officers follow Yulaw but the madman has committed some unthinkable crimes, leaving Gabe accused and wanted. But Gabe discovers that he has changed, only wanting to kill Yulaw; unaware of what could happen. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 