nm0011476:

 Dex Hamilton: Alien Entomologist (20082009)Summaries In the year 3000, the planet Earth has become overrun by alien insects. A dangerous rift between man and nature has begun, and the new world government is helpless to stop these powerful creatures. Enter Dex Hamilton, alien entomologist and leader of a team of offbeat characters who are dedicated to keeping the Earth safe while preserving these bizarre insects in his unique sanctuary. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Creative Galaxy (20132019)Summaries Follow the adventures of Arty and his sidekick Epiphany, as they search the galaxy to solve creative problems with art! Whether Arty needs to create a painting for the new children's library, a stuffed animal for his sister, or make a mask for his jungle pretend play, Arty and Epiphany come to the rescue by enlisting the help of the most creative of all - the preschool home viewer. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kingdom Force (2019 )Summaries A 3D-animated action series for kids ages 3-6, KINGDOM FORCE follows the fast-paced exploits of five mighty animal heroes as they serve and protect the citizens of five unique animal kingdoms. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Clang Invasion (2007 )Summaries Three alien robots, Rivet, Widget and Socket, accidentally crashed their spaceship on a backyard tree in Earth. Human twins Robin and Daisy Harrison, and their pet dog Sam went to investigate the crash, where they encounter the robots. Not capable of returning to Planet Clang, the robots becomes friends with Robin and Daisy, made Sam speak by installing a voice box, and utilize a spectrum of gadgetry for their goals. The twins also has to keep the robots a secret. Cameron Iacono It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 