nm0000389:

 Bobby (I) (2006)44) The story of the assassination of U.S. Senator Robert F. Kennedy , who was shot in the early morning hours of June 5, 1968 in the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles, California, and twenty-two people in the hotel, whose lives were never the same. Tuesday, June 4, 1968: the California Presidential primary. As day breaks, Robert F. Kennedy arrives at the Ambassador Hotel. He'll campaign, then speak to supporters at midnight. To capture the texture of the late 1960s, we see vignettes at the hotel: a couple marries so he can avoid Vietnam, kitchen staff discuss race and baseball, a man cheats on his wife, another is fired for racism, a retired hotel doorman plays chess in the lobby with an old friend, a campaign strategist's wife needs a pair of black shoes, two campaign staff trip on LSD, a lounge singer is on the downhill slide. Through it all, we see and hear R.F.K. calling for a better society and a better nation. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It's June 4, 1968, the day of the California Democratic Presidential primary. At the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles, the campaign headquarters of New York Senator Robert F. Kennedy 's Presidential bid, there is optimism as he is seen by many as the savior to get the United States out of its current troubled times, especially in dealing with a war the public doesn't want, and thinks it can't win. In addition to the those working on the campaign, others at the hotel are dealing with their daily lives which reflect both the troubled times and the hope and optimism of the campaign: a young couple about to get married as part of the anti-war effort; hotel staff dealing with race relations among their own, specifically between whites, blacks, and Mexicans; hotel staff dealing with marital relations amongst their own; senior hotel staff chatting about the twilight of their lives over games of chess; those looking forward to what they see as Don Drysdale 's inevitable record-breaking sixth consecutive shut-out at that evening's Dodgers' game; a couple of campaign volunteers feeling guilty about getting high versus doing their volunteer job for the day of convincing a couple of hundred people to vote for the Senator; a Czech reporter wanting five minutes with the Senator for a good news story for her Socialist newspaper; the hotel's diva-ish and alcoholic entertainer and her husband contemplating her professional future; and an upper middle class New York City couple more concerned about public perception than the realities of their marriage. But all hope for a bright American future comes to a halt at 12:06 a.m. on June 5, 1968. Huggo All kinds of different people who assembled, worked and lived at the Amassador Hotel, dealing with their personal struggles at the background of the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy on that fateful day in 1968. Emilio Estevez is actor, Writer, and Director of this movie, which turns out to be a loving portait of this Presidential candidate. Rob It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Public (2018)Summaries An act of civil disobedience turns into a standoff with police when homeless people in Cincinnati take over the public library to seek shelter from the bitter cold. In "the public" an unusually bitter Arctic blast has made its way to downtown Cincinnati and the front doors of the public library where the action of the film takes place. The story revolves around the library patrons, many of whom are homeless, mentally ill and marginalized, as well as an exhausted and overwhelmed staff of librarians who often build emotional connections and a sense of obligation to care for those regular patrons. At odds with library officials over how to handle the extreme weather event, the Patrons turn the building into a homeless shelter for the night by staging an "Occupy" sit in. What begins as an act of civil disobedience becomes a stand off with police and a rush-to-judgment media constantly speculating about what's really happening. This David versus Goliath story tackles some of our nation's most challenging issues, homelessness and mental illness and sets the drama inside one of the last bastions of democracy-in-action: your public library. One of Cincinnati's public libraries soon becomes an unlikely shelter for homeless people seeking warmth from the city's cold weather. All hell breaks loose as the homeless begin barricading themselves in the library and the police are called in to try and defuse the situation. Writer and director Emilio Estevez's carefully-crafted dramedy focuses on the story of two librarians, a crisis negotiator, a district attorney and the leader of the homeless as they become tied up in this act of civil disobedience. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Young Guns II (1990)Summaries In 1881, cattle baron John Chisum pays a bounty to Patrick Floyd Garrett to kill outlaw Billy the Kid. Billy "The Kid" and his gang are wanted by the law, and when "Doc" Scurlock and Chavez are captured, Billy has to save them. They escape and set south for Mexico. "Let's hire a thief to catch one", John S. Chisum said, so he paid Pat Garrett, one of Billy's former partners, $1000 for the killing of William H. Bonney aka Billy "The Kid". Lars J. Aas <larsa@colargol.edb.tih.no> The movie begins with the aging Brushy Bill Roberts narrating his story to a young historian. His claim? He claims that he is the famous outlaw William H. Bonney, alias Billy the Kid, who was supposedly shot and killed by Patrick Floyd Garrett in 1881. The old man gives a very convincing story on how he and Garrett, along with Arkansas Dave Rudabaugh, Chavez y Chavez, Doc Skurlock, and a few others led the outlaw life and avoided the law, as they were wanted men. Garrett, a friend of Billy's, was paid by John Chisum, a cattle king, to eliminate Billy the Kid. So, Garrett and Ashmun Upson set out on a journey to find Billy the Kid. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Way (I) (2010)431) A father heads overseas to recover the body of his estranged son who died while traveling the "El camino de Santiago," and decides to take the pilgrimage himself. "The Way" is a powerful and inspirational story about family, friends and the challenges we face while navigating this ever-changing and complicated world. Martin Sheen plays Tom, an American doctor who comes to St. Jean Pied de Port, France to collect the remains of his adult son (played by Emilio Estevez ), killed in the Pyrenees in a storm while walking the Camino de Santiago, also known as The Way of Saint James. Rather than return home, Tom decides to embark on the historical pilgrimage to honor his son's desire to finish the journey. What Tom doesn't plan on is the profound impact the journey will have on him and his "California Bubble Life". Inexperienced as a trekker, Tom soon discovers that he will not be alone on this journey. On his journey, Tom meets other pilgrims from around the world, each with their own issues and looking for greater meaning in their lives: a Dutchman ( Yorick van Wageningen ), a Canadian ( Deborah Kara Unger ) and an Irish writer ( James Nesbitt ), who is suffering from a bout of writer's block. From the unexpected and, often times, amusing experiences along the way, this unlikely quartet of misfits creates an everlasting bond and Tom begins to learn what it means to be a citizen of the world again. Through Tom's unresolved relationship with his son, he discovers the difference between "the life we live and the life we choose". The Way California-based ophthalmologist Tom Avery has had a strained relationship with his only offspring, late thirty-something Daniel Avery, ever since the death of Tom's wife/Daniel's mother. That strain is due to the differences in their life outlooks: Daniel feels Tom doesn't really live in his standard life, while Tom feels Daniel has no focus, the latest point of contention being Daniel's decision to quit his post-graduate studies in their entirety truly to live and to find himself, the initial process being to hike on his own the 800km El Camino de Santiago as a pilgrim. Tom heads to Europe himself upon the news that Daniel was killed in an accident on the first day of his pilgrimage outside of Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port in the French Pyrenees. In his grief, Tom, upon the suggestion of Captain Henri who was in charge of the the case, decides to have Daniel's body cremated, not to bring the remains back to California (the easier transport being the reason for the suggestion), but using Daniel's largely untouched gear to do the pilgrimage as father and son together, Tom spreading the ashes at key points along the way. This decision is despite Tom's advanced age, not having prepared physically for such a grueling hike, and being a lapsed Catholic himself. In dealing with what he considers a very private matter of which no one knows except Captain Henri, Tom amasses some travel companions along the way, the first, a large Dutchman named Joost, who is able to put two and two together. Each of the three who end up traveling with Tom has a very different reason for doing the pilgrimage, those differences which may bring them closer together or tear them apart as companions as they deal with their individual core issues. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Tom is an American doctor who goes to France following the death of his adult son, killed in the Pyrenees during a storm while walking The Camino de Santiago, also known as The Way of St. James. Tom's purpose is initially to retrieve his son's body. However, in a combination of grief and homage to his son, Tom decides to journey on this path of pilgrims. While walking The Camino, Tom meets others from around the world (three in particular), all broken and looking for greater meaning in their lives. Along The Way, Tom discovers the meaning of one of the last things his son said (in a flashback) to his father. There is a difference between "the life we live and the life we choose." 