nm0001494:

 The Karate Kid Part III (1989)651) Ostracised villain John Kreese attempts to gain revenge on Daniel and Miyagi, with the help of a Vietnam War comrade, the wealthy owner of a toxic waste disposal business. John Kreese, his life in tatters after his karate school was defeated by Daniel and Miyagi, visits Terry Silver, a Vietnam War comrade. Terry is a ruthless businessman and martial arts expert, and he vows to help Kreese gain revenge on Daniel and Miyagi, and reestablish Cobra Kai. Upon returning from Okinawa, Daniel and Miyagi discover that their apartment building has been demolished, which brings Miyagi out of work. Going against Miyagi's wishes, Daniel uses his college funds to realize Miyagi's dream of opening a bonsai tree shop, and becomes a partner in the bonsai business. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> After the utter and multi-levelled defeat of Cobra Kai's former instructor, John Kreese, the disgraced and marginalised karate teacher pays a visit to his old Vietnam War buddy, the nefarious millionaire entrepreneur, Terry Silver, to plot his revenge. In the meantime, Mr Miyagi and Daniel-san venture into bonsai business, unaware that the evil partners, Terry and John, conspire to rob the All-Valley karate champion of his title by hiring the thirsty for fame and glory ruthless fighter, Mike Barnes. Eventually, against his mentor's cautious counsels, Daniel will soon fall for the well-planned intricate trap. Could this be the champion's humiliating downfall? Nick Riganas John G. Avildsen rehashes his shopworn formula for another go-round in The Karate Kid Part III. Going against the wishes of his mentor, Mr. Miyagi (Noriyuki "Pat" Morita), Daniel (Ralph Macchio) will defend his karate title in an All-Valley Championship match arranged by his nemesis Kreese (Martin Kove), whose karate studio folded after his star student lost the championship to Daniel. Kreese's friend, Vietnam veteran and toxic waste dumper Terry (Thomas Ian Griffith), agrees to help his old pal regain the championship trophy. Daniel's rival Mike Barnes (Sean Kanan) is known as "the bad boy of karate," and Daniel feels he requires more training to vanquish him. But Mr. Miyagi refuses to help Daniel train for the tournament: "Karate to defend life and honor means something. To defend a plastic trophy means nothing." As a result, Daniel naively falls into the clutches of Terry, who takes him on as a karate student. But after Daniel finds himself trapped at the bottom of a cliff and Daniel's girlfriend, Jessica (Robyn Lively), has her life threatened, Mr. Miyagi realizes the bad guys have gone too far and agrees to coach Daniel for the tournament. After Daniel and Miyagi defeats the Cobra Kais, and after Miyagi humiliates their master, Kreese, all of his students desert him. Kreese decides to close the dojo, he then goes to to his friend, Terry, who is also the dojo's owner, to turn in the keys, and announces that he is leaving town. Terry decides to send him on a vacation, and while he's away, he'll get Kreese his revenge on Daniel and Miyagi. Part of his plan is to recruit a deadly karate fighter, Mike Barnes, to fight Daniel in the tournament. Mike terrorizes Daniel and his friend, Jessica to participate in the Karate tournament that he won last year, but Miyagi believes that it's not a priority, causing a rift between Daniel and Miyagi. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with montages from the first Karate Kid movie, followed by the first scene in The Karate Kid II, where John Kreese ( Martin Kove ) is severely humiliated by Mr. Miyagi ( Pat Morita ) in front of all of Kreese's students. Cut to Kreese going into his dojo. A number of mail envelopes are on the floor, having been slid through the mail slot in the front door. He quickly throws them in the trash and stares reverently at a photo of his stint in the U.S. Army as its 1970-1972 karate champion, before going into his office in the dojo. Ever since his humiliation at Mr. Miyagi's hands, all of Kreese's students have left him and the Cobra Kai. His dojo has been completely empty for several months now, leaving him with no income and now broke. All of his assorted creditors are beginning to harass him for payment on now-long overdue bills. The organizers of the All-Valley tournament that Daniel ( Ralph Macchio ) won is dropping the Cobra Kai from its membership rolls due to non-payment of dues. As he listens to a recording on his answering machine of his prone provider threatening to disconnect him, he picks up a newspaper clipping article devoted to Daniel's victory in the tournament and crumples it in his hands. Broke, hungry and alone, Kreese goes to the one friend he has left: Terry Silver ( Thomas Ian Griffith ), an army buddy whose life was saved by Kreese several times, and the founder of the Kobra Kai, now a shady and very wealthy businessman dealing with nuclear energy. Kreese goes to hand Silver the dojo keys, saying he is going away, saying good-bye, and will pay him the back rent soon as he finds a new line of work, as he has had no students for nine months. Silver declines, getting Krese to tell him the story of his troubles, and promising to take care of him. Silver learns the story of Daniel and Miyagi and promises to help Kreese make things right. First, he is sending Kreese for some R&R time in Tahiti. Then he's going to formulate a plan to make sure Daniel and Miyagi have to pay for humiliating Kreese. They exchange military salutes before Silver drives off, after dropping Kreese off at the airport. Kreese, walking toward his flight, closely misses passing by Daniel and Miyagi as they are returning from Okinawa (the setting of The Karate Kid II); he does not notice them coming out of their flight, nor do they notice him. Daniel's mother, Lucille ( Randee Heller ) was supposed to pick them up at the airport, but Daniel told her they were coming in on the following day, mischievously saying that she loves surprises. Arriving via taxicab back at the site of Daniel's apartment, Daniel and Miyagi find that the building has been sold by the landlord, and the new owner has evicted everyone and torn it down to build a spa. Miyagi is now out of a job and Daniel and his mother are homeless. The neighbor who informs them of this, tells Daniel that Lucille asked for Daniel to call her collect at the home of Lucille's uncle, Louie, with whom she is now staying. Miyagi speaks to Lucille on the phone and assures her that he is happy to put Daniel up at his home for a while. Uncle Louie has emphysema and Lucille will need to stay with him a while to take care of him. Lucille sighs with relief and gratitude at Miyagi's kind charity. Daniel talks to his mother and tells her (to her great thrill) that college registration is in just a few days. Unfortunately, Kumiko (the Okinawan girl with whom Daniel was involved in The Karate Kid II) will not be coming to America to be with Daniel, though the reason why is very fortuitous-- she was offered a good job with a prestigious Tokyo dance company and couldn't turn it down. Helping Mr. Miyagi about the house, Daniel finds that Miyagi is emotional about having to give up his prized bonsai trees, as without a job he can no longer take care of them. Daniel suggests he open a store to sell the bonsai trees, and Miyagi admits he dreamt about it, for when he was able to retire. Needing to help his mentor who is now facing hardship, Daniel insists on helping Miyagi open a store-- a proposal Miyagi, of course, is strongly opposed to because Daniel would be using the money set aside for his attending college. To Miyagi, Daniel's college education is far too important to sacrifice. But Daniel disagrees, and secretly takes a cab to a local realtor, holding a classified section of a local newspaper in his hand. Silver is on the phone with Kreese, discussing their plan of revenge. Silver plots to have Daniel intimidated into leaving Miyagi and going to Silver to train him to defend his championship in the karate tournament, where Silver would get Daniel overconfident and thinking he couldn't be beaten-- setting him up for a major fall. He assures Kreese he can get Daniel to participate in the tournament. Silver has bought a number of additional dojos for Kreese to run after he returns from Tahiti. Asked if there's anything else he needs, Kreese stares at his hand and asks Silver to make Daniel's knuckles bleed. As he prepares to be driven off to a social event, Silver speaks to his staff about what portion of his revenge plan he has chosen to share with him. This involves procuring a new wardrobe and vehicle for him that will make him look poor and humble, hiding his status as a wealthy entrepreneur. As he rides in his chauffeured limo, Silver browses through a karate magazine and finds exactly what he was looking for-- a young champion with a record of tournament victories and a ruthless attitude. The article calls him 'karate's bad boy-- Mike Barnes' ( Sean Kanan ). Daniel is arriving back at Miyagi's home, where Miyagi has just finished preparing supper... and he tells Miyagi exactly what the elderly mentor does not want to hear; instead of registering for college, he used the tuition money to pay for a lease on an available store for Miyagi to open a bonsai shop. Daniel insists that he wouldn't be able to finish college if he was taking courses there just for the sake of continuing his education-- he needs the break from schooling and the store's success can then put him through college once he's ready to go. Gushing with excitement, Daniel drives Miyagi (without them eating supper) to the empty store lot he's leased. The store is run-down but Daniel isn't worried; it's opportunity knocking. He even points out a pottery shop right across the street where they can strike a deal for planters. Miyagi is less enthused than Daniel about the opening of the shop, but seeing that this time, he cannot budge Daniel, consents-- on the condition that Daniel is his full partner in the shop instead of his employee. Silver is sitting in a bath, giving dictation for letters to his secretary, when he's told that Mike Barnes has arrived as per his invitation. Silver introduces Barnes to two young neighborhood toughs named Snake ( Jonathan Avildsen ) and Dennis ( William Christopher Ford ) who Silver has hired to assist Barnes with everything he'll need. Barnes will live and train on Silver's property, and if he achieves the goal of beating Daniel in the All-Valley tournament, he'll receive 25% ownership in the new chain of Kobra Kai dojos Silver has opened. Barnes states that he wants 50% ownership, making him a full partner. Silver finds this a little too ambitious and offers 35%. Barnes thanks Silver for the hospitality and starts to leave. Impressed at the young man's moxie, Silver gives in-- Barnes will be a fully equal, 50% owner. Miyagi and Daniel are gathering a wild sapling to cultivate as a bonsai, and Miyagi explains the significance of a bonsai tree's strong roots-- something it has in common with Daniel's inner heart and spirit, where his karate comes from-- only the root of it came from Miyagi himself, and that root allowed Daniel's spirit to grow and flourish. Daniel is puzzled, as Bonsai are cultivated with wires and clippers, but Miyagi says that 'true' bonsai grow wild without any aid from caretakers. Miyagi has seen them in his homeland in Okinawa. In America, he's only seen one-- the one personal treasure he brought from his homeland... which he's planted in a nearby gorge called Devil's Cauldron. Finding a peaceful, secluded spot on a hill, Miyagi begins to teach Daniel a kata, or form, practiced by members of Miyagi's family. As they practice, the camera pans away to show Devil's Cauldron. The next day, Daniel and Miyagi are working in the shop, getting it ready for opening. As they prepare one of the bonsai trees Miyagi has been caring for, Daniel tells him about a letter from the All-Valley Tournament announcing a change in the rules-- as the defending champion, Daniel would only need to compete in the final match; he gets a free bye through all the preliminary and quarter/semi-final rounds. But despite this, Miyagi is unwilling to sponsor Daniel to defend his championship in the tournament. He had done it the previous year in order to help him escape the bullying and harassment he had undergone at the hands of Kreese's students. Now that Kreese was no longer a problem for them, the tournament had no more meaning to them-- karate, to Miyagi, is worthless when used as a sport. Daniel goes to the pottery shop across the street to buy a pot for the bonsai tree. Working at the shop, molding a pot out of clay, is an attractive young red-haired woman named Jessica Andrews ( Robyn Lively ). Daniel tells her a little bit about the shop he and Miyagi are opening, which stirs Jessica's interest, as she loves bonsai trees. Daniel shows her the size and shape of pots he's looking to buy and arranges for Jessica to make embossments of a bonsai tree on a few of them as a trademark of the shop. As he leaves, he says, 'see you soon,' and Jessica asks, 'how soon?' showing she is interested in him. Taking the offered bone, he sets up a date with Jessica for that night at 7 pm. As Daniel returns to the shop, Miyagi hands him back the application for the All-Valley karate tournament, but Daniel is confused when he sees it is unsigned. Miyagi tells Daniel that the answer lives inside of him-- and he can get rid of his confusion very easily by discarding the application. That evening, as Daniel gets ready for his date with Jessica, Silver sneaks into the home and goes through Miyagi's box containing his war memorabilia. Finding that Miyagi served with the 442nd division in the Army, Silver smiles in satisfaction. He sees Miyagi's medal of valor on the wall, and then happens to spot a flier on the ground advertising the opening of the bonsai shop. Just then Daniel is approaching the room just as Miyagi is arriving home from the other side. As Miyagi picks up a buddha statue to put in the store for good luck, Daniel shows him the All-Valley tournament application and burns it, much to Miyagi's gratitude and satisfaction. After they leave, coughing is heard, and Silver's feet come down out of the chimney, where he had hid to escape notice from both Daniel and Miyagi. Daniel picks up Jessica and she starts to explain that she is in the process of reconciling with a boyfriend she'd broken up with, and was going to see him again when she went back home to Columbus, Ohio for Thanksgiving. She's apologetic for coming on strong, because she'd been in L.A. for two months and has no real friends. Taking the news much better than Jessica had hoped, Daniel says he'll be her first friend in L.A. and offers to bring her to the bonsai store to meet Mr. Miyagi. After making the introductions and Miyagi starts heading home, Daniel brings Jessica inside the store to show her around, and the work they've done on it so far. Jessica is interested when Daniel tells her that Miyagi has been teaching him karate; even more so when Daniel shows how Miyagi can make lessons out of the most seemingly disconnected tasks. He has Jessica do the hand motions she used when she was molding a ceramic pot, and shows how she can use those motions to defend against a mugger. But just then, worse trouble than a mere mugger invites itself into the shop... Snake and Barnes. They've found out that Daniel has chosen not to enter the All-Valley tournament and are here to see that he changes his mind-- Barnes' financial future is riding on facing Daniel for the championship. They have brought a new application for Daniel to sign. When he refuses, Barnes is ready to fight him then and there, but Snakes pulls him back, suggesting they let Daniel 'sleep on it.' The next morning, Daniel and Miyagi are practicing the kata on the lawn. Silver arrives on the property, putting the next phase of his plan into action. He is dressed in very ordinary-looking street clothes, making him look like a simple and humble man. He approaches Miyagi and bows respectfully, introducing himself and saying who his teacher was, and that John Kreese was the teacher's number one student. Silver says that word only reached he and his teacher in Korea two months ago about what happened the previous year at the All-Valley tournament; the trouble Kreese created, and both Silver himself and his teacher are remorseful about it. Silver says he came back to America to help Kreese 'regain balance,' but arrived too late-- Kreese, as Silver tells them, has died of a broken heart after losing all his students. Silver explains that Kreese was once an honorable man and a war hero who saved Silver's life many times during Vietnam-- a point Miyagi understands all too well. Silver feigns being impressed to hear that Miyagi was in the 442nd Army Division. He also gives a humble bow and apology to Daniel over what Kreese had put him through, and suddenly excuses himself, apologizing for interrupting their training. But Miyagi and Daniel both give him a parting expression of condolences on Kreese's death. Later that evening Daniel is doing more work around the shop when Jessica arrives-- she was supposed to have dinner with her aunt, who owns the pottery shop, but the aunt had to cancel out, so Jessica brought over the macaroni and cheese to share with Daniel. As they sit down to eat, Jessica shows Daniel one of the pots she's finished with the embossment. Daniel, in turn, gives Jessica some tickets to a local dance club for her last night in L.A. before she returns home. A dance of a different kind, however, is on the horizon as Barnes arrives with Snake and Dennis to harass Daniel about signing the entry form for the All-Valley tournament. To help deal with Daniel's 'obstinance,' they start to trash the shop. Dennis pushes Daniel, who pushes back. Dennis throws a punch, and Daniel uses his skills to defend himself and defeat Dennis. Snake starts to lunge at Daniel, but Jessica picks up the ceramic pot and jams it into Snake, knocking him down. As Snake falls, Jessica finds that she is right in back of Barnes-- and he is looking over his shoulder right at her. Barnes knows just what button to push-- he kicks Jessica in her belly with a scoop kick and doubles her over. Daniel and Barnes clash, and Barnes quickly gains the upper hand. Miyagi arrives to fend Barnes and his henchmen off. They hurry out of the store back into their car, shouting that they've just begun their 'persuasion.' Daniel, Miyagi and Jessica watch them drive off; Jessica still holding her stomach in pain, which sets Daniel's blood boiling. As he drives himself and Daniel back home, Miyagi tries to soothe Daniel's nerves by singing, and saying that they were fortunate that the bonsai tree was back at home, safe from the trashing of the shop. Unfortunately Daniel is very badly worked up and Miyagi's efforts do very little to calm him down. And even Miyagi himself is not in much more mood for further singing when they arrive home-- the bonsai trees are missing, and in their place on the workbench is an entry form for the tournament. Daniel completely loses his patience when Miyagi chooses to go fishing rather than let himself lose control as Daniel himself has. Daniel gets back into the car to report the robbery to the police. Without the stock of trees, Daniel and Miyagi have nothing to sell. And the police literally laughed Daniel off when he went to them looking to press charges against Barnes for the robbery; Daniel too upset to understand that he doesn't have a whit of solid proof that Barnes was behind it. Desperate, he goes with Jessica to Devil's cauldron without Miyagi's knowledge, to retrieve the wild bonsai tree, which Miyagi had said was worth a lot of money. Scanning the gorge with his binoculars, Daniel locates the site where Miyagi planted the tree. Jessica, skilled in rappelling, knows how to help Daniel get down the gorge so they can retrieve it. The rappel down the cliff proves more formidable than Jessica had anticipated. Daniel loses his footing and she scrambles to steady him. Then, just as Daniel has unearthed the wild bonsai and is starting to carefully pack it away, Jessica loses her own footing and almost falls. The tree drops down onto the rocks at the bottom. Both Daniel and Jessica must rush to retrieve it before the salt water from the tide soaks into the tree and kills it. They rinse it thoroughly with clean water from a canteen before re-packing it. That's when they notice the ropes are being pulled up the cliff. Sure enough, Barnes, snake and Dennis have found them again. They toss down a bundled-up application form for the All-Valley Tournament. If Daniel doesn't sign it, they will simply leave, and the three of them all know that the tide will come into the gorge starting in twelve minutes. Daniel and Jessica would drown and Barnes would never be suspected. Enraged, Daniel signs the form and says that if Barnes wants it, he has to pull Daniel and Jessica up. But Barnes, Snake and Dennis only pull them up to just shy of the cliff face before making him hand over the form to examine it and see that there was no trickery. Each time Daniel becomes obstinate, they let Jessica slide down several feet, threatening to drop her. Once the form is handed over, suddenly the "price" goes up. Now they want the wild tree. Again they threaten to drop Jessica until Daniel does as is demanded. Then, to his horror, Barnes takes hold of the tree's trunk and snaps it apart lengthwise like breaking a wishbone. Daniel is sick with misery as he arrives back a the bonsai shop during a pouring thunderstorm with the broken tree in tow. Miyagi tends to the tree very carefully as Daniel pleads for forgiveness. Miyagi doesn't know if the tree will recover-- he says it depends on how strong the roots are. Later, Daniel is training on the lawn when Silver puts the next phase of his plan into action. Barnes arrives to harass him over calling the cops. He tries to pick another fight when Silver arrives, ordering him to back down. Barnes and Silver stage a mock battle where Silver easily handles Barnes and chases him off. Silver mentions to Daniel that he's re-opening the Cobra Kai dojos so that the school can make up for its past misdeeds. He good-naturedly offers to teach Daniel a couple of moves and shows him a front leg sweep. He says that if Daniel ever needs it, he can approach Silver to help with training. Daniel hurries to the bonsai shop where Jessica is showing Miyagi a number of pots she's finished with the tree embossment. Daniel asks Miyagi to show him 'how to sweep.' He doesn't need any training for the tournament, just to be shown this one thing. Miyagi, of course, knows better. He gives Daniel the pot and excuses himself, saying he will be right back. He then comes out wiht a broom, 'explaining' how to use it in sweeping. Jessica giggles appreciatively at Miyagi's wit, but Daniel gets very upset, thinking Miyagi is making fun of him, and drives off in a huff. Daniel goes to the Cobra Kai dojo to take Silver up on his offer. Covertly covering himself by inquiring how Miyagi feels about it and being assured that Miyagi neither knows nor needs to know, Silver now puts the next phase of his plan into action. He begins to slowly and gradually get Daniel to vent his anger and frustration at being bullied by Barnes. He brings Daniel to a "training dummy" with two 2x4 boards for legs, and several other thick plans for the chest and head. He has Daniel practice sweeps on the legs until his foot is hurt. Silver shows how he easily breaks the boards and 2x4's, saying 'extreme situations require extreme measures.' As they finish for the night, Silver snickers to himself on noticing that Daniel is hobbling slightly on his hurt foot. Daniel hurries back to Miyagi's home, but Miyagi knows that something is going on. He takes an herbal powder and puts it into hot water so Daniel can soak his hurt foot, slyly suggesting that the next day, Daniel will 'remember' how he injured it. In the solitude of his own room, Miyagi looks at a photo of himself and Daniel when he first began training him, saying that Daniel has a lot of confusion in his soul, and Miyagi's own heart is empty without him. Daniel is back at the Cobra Kai dojo where Silver feigns impression at the bruise on Daniel's foot being healed. Silver asks what the last thing was that Daniel learned from Miyagi. Told that they were practicing kata, Silver says that kata is good-- for practice, but not winning a tournament. He has already explained that a man cannot fight if he can't stand. Now he goes to his second 'rule,' that a man has to breathe. He has Daniel focus on delivering forward elbow strikes to the thick heavy boards that make up the chest of the training dummy. Daniel is almost timid about hitting the boards because of how they had hurt him when he was sweeping the 'legs' of the dummy. Silver simply turns the boards for the "head" around where a poster of Barnes has been pasted, slyly suggesting that Barnes is the training dummy. Feigning exasperation at Daniel seemingly being afraid of some pain, he walks away, but then hides behind a wall and listens, snickering quietly again as Daniel begins hitting the boards more aggressively. That night, Daniel sneaks into Miyagi's room and retrieves the herbal powder to soak his elbow. Miyagi's left eye cracks slightly open to show that he was aware of Daniel's actions. Miyagi knocks at Daniel's door panel to ask why Daniel is doing what he's doing to himself. Trying to hide everything and getting exasperated at himself as much as anyone else, Daniel lays into Miyagi, telling him off. Miyagi's face as he turns away, shows increasing sorrow. Daniel is doing kata at the Cobra Kai dojo when Silver arrives to continue training. His third rule is that a man can't fight if he can't see. A solid punch to the nose would leave an opponent down and out. He tricks Daniel into believing that it's "not his fault" if the opponent "ran into his fist" while lunging at him, then has him return to the training dummy. Goading Daniel about what Barnes has been doing and still wants to do to Daniel, he brings all of Daniel's anger to the surface until the young man punches the boards so hard, he lacerates his knuckles, leaving a blood stain on the poster of Barnes pasted over the head-boards of the dummy. Having fulfilled this promise he made to Kreese, Silver then baits Daniel one last time. Daniel, powered by his anger, sweeps through the 2x4 legs, shatters the chest-boards with his elbow and then punches through the head-board, just as Silver had done. Excited for entirely different reasons than Daniel, Silver celebrates Daniel's achievement with him, exchanging whoops and high-fives. Daniel takes Jessica to the dance club 'Downstairs' for her last night in LA. As they dance, a young man and woman are arguing bitterly and the woman storms out in a huff. Hiding behind a pillar so as not to be seen by Daniel, is Silver. Having overheard the argument, Silver carefully approaches the young man and offers him some money to pick a fight with Daniel a little later on. Presently, Jessica has danced long enough that she needs something to drink. She and Daniel are on their way to the refreshment bar when Silver 'bumps into them.' As Daniel is introducing Jessica to Silver, the young man makes his move as Silver had secretly arranged. He starts to come on to Jessica in a rude manner, brushing Daniel aside. Without hesitating, glaring at the young man, Daniel fires a karate punch that sends the young man to the floor with a broken nose. Almost immediately he is in disbelief at what he's done, listening to a horrified Jessica raise her voice at him. Silver quickly hurries Daniel away, out of the club, so as not to be nabbed by the club's security. As he spirits Daniel from the club, Silver congratulates him, saying he's reached the peak of what Silver has been teaching him. But Daniel is not happy with himself-- and hearing Silver talk, he's beginning to realize that what he's been learning from Silver has made him into a different person than what he had become while learning from Miyagi. Daniel goes to see Jessica to apologize for what happened at the club, trying to explain that it 'wasn't him' who she saw turn overly aggressive right before her eyes. When Jessica curtly tells him that she's only seeing him having more trouble keeping his temper, Daniel falls into complete misery, almost losing coherence as he tries to make sense of all that's been happening to him. Moved to compassion, Jessica tries to reassure him that although she was very unhappy at what he did at the club, she forgives him for it and is still his friend, and she knows Miyagi will be the same way-- he'd told her himself that he loves Daniel and has great faith in him. As hard as Daniel feels it will be, Jessica gently insists that once he goes to Miyagi to reconcile with him, and the young man whose nose he broke, everything else will fall into place. At the bonsai shop, Daniel is frustrated trying to get the local hospital staff to put him in contact with the young man he attacked; as he broke the young man'se nose and is positive that the man is at the hospital being treated. He snaps at the reception nurse, who hangs up on him. Miyagi goes up to him, looking to show him something that will help return some balance to Daniel's life. The wild bonsai tree is budding again. It is recovering well from the abuse at Barnes' hands and will once again thrive and be beautiful. Miyagi says that this is because of the tree's strong root. Like the tree, Daniel also has a strong root from which he grows. Daniel calms down and understands that the first thing he has to do to receive forgiveness, is to forgive himself. The next step, he knows, is that he must go to Silver and explain that he can no longer train with him. Daniel feels he must do this right away, and promises Miyagi that he won't be gone long. But as Daniel leaves, Miyagi is seen looking after him with a very worried expression. Daniel goes to the dojo to explain that he's grateful for all that Silver has taught him, but he cannot continue, and he is not going to compete at the All-Valley Tournament. The person who broke the young man's nose at the dance club was not the person Daniel truly is inside. He has come here in person to give Silver a proper goodbye, believing he owed Silver that much. Silver drops his charade at that point. His lessons weren't free and he's been busy making Daniel do things he didn't want to do, from the moment they met. Finally revealing his true colors, Silver shows Daniel that he is the one behind Mike Barnes-- and that John Kreese is very much alive and well, and that Silver's ultimate agenda was avenging Kreese. Daniel does not want to fight, so Silver is happy to use him as a punching bag. But Miyagi suspected trouble and had followed Daniel to the dojo, and shows up to protect Daniel. Even Silver is no match for Miyagi's skill. As Miyagi starts to hurry Daniel out of the dojo, Silver taunts the two with the news that he is going to open Cobra Kai dojos all over California and Daniel and Miyagi will only be a memory. Daniel asks if Miyagi will train him for the tournament now, and Miyagi says that now, he will. Once again, much more than a mere sport competition is on the line. Montages are shown of Daniel and Miyagi doing kata on the beach, as Barnes trains with Kreese and Silver, savaging a sparring partner. After the montages, we see Daniel and Miyagi descending into the Devil's Cauldron gorge to re-plant the wild bonsai. As they re-plant it, Miyagi repeats his lectures on Daniel having a strong root, just as the tree does-- the tree's root allows it to choose which way to grow. The day of the tournament arrives. Barnes destroys his last opponent to reach the finals and face Daniel for the championship. Before the final match, the announcer gives Silver the microphone to address the crowd. Silver has financed the tournament having a permanent new home, and he tells the crowd that he is re-opening the Cobra Kai dojos around California. Daniel and Miyagi listen with distaste as Silver preaches positive karate values that only they know, he has no belief in whatsoever. As they prepare for the final match against Daniel, Silver gives Barnes a run-down of the game plan. Barnes is to score a clean point, but then perform an illegal move with excessive contact, in order to lose the point to penalty. He will continue to score points and then lose them in the alloted time for the contest to ensure that the score is 0-0. When sudden death is called, Barnes will defeat Daniel once and for all, to show that the Cobra Kai is the dominant way. Barnes enjoys beating Daniel from pillar to post; gaining a point and then losing it, gaining another point and then losing it, finally just lacing into Daniel with roughhouse moves that score no points due to excessive contact without proper technique. As time runs out for the match, a one-minute rest period is called before sudden death. As sudden death is called, Daniel huddles on the floor, reluctant to get up to face Barnes again. As Miyagi goes to him, Daniel admits that he is afraid of Barnes and cannot face him any further. He nearly cries in misery and fear before Miyagi shouts to snap him out of it, forcing him to focus. Miyagi tells him that losing to an opponent is perfectly fine, but losing to fear is not. His best karate is still inside him-- it's time to let it out. At that moment, Barnes ruthlessly taunts Daniel, telling him that both he and Miyagi are nothing and will be quickly forgotten by everyone who comes to watch the tournament. This angers Daniel and makes him want to fight again... but as the referee goes through the preparatory steps to start sudden death, Daniel quickly remembers that anger will only make him fall right back into Silver's trap. As the referee signals for sudden death to begin, Daniel centers himself and begins to perform the kata. Barnes backs off, looking at Daniel in complete bewilderment. Silver, thinking Daniel has simply lost it, orders Barnes to score the final point and finish Daniel. Letting his anger bubble to the surface, Barnes charges in with a lunge punch meant to take Daniel down. But Daniel catches the punch and flips Barnes down to the ground, pulling a punch after Barnes falls, scoring a clean point himself to win the contest and successfully defend his championship. All of Silver's carefully orchestrated plans fall to ruin in that one brief second where the referee declares Daniel the second-time champion. Silver and Kreese storm off as the spectator crowd cheers wildly for Daniel. The movie ends with an overjoyed Daniel telling Miyagi to forget about bowing, and then giving his teacher and friend a hug. 
 The Karate Kid (1984)761) A martial arts master agrees to teach karate to a bullied teenager. Daniel and his mother move from New Jersey to California. She has a wonderful new job, but Daniel quickly discovers that a dark haired Italian boy with a Jersey accent doesn't fit into the blond surfer crowd. Daniel manages to talk his way out of some fights, but he is finally cornered by several who belong to the same karate school. As Daniel is passing out from the beating he sees Miyagi, the elderly gardener leaps into the fray and save him by outfighting half a dozen teenagers. Miyagi and Daniel soon find out the real motivator behind the boys' violent attitude in the form of their karate teacher. Miyagi promises to teach Daniel karate and arranges a fight at the all-valley tournament some months off. When his training begins, Daniel doesn't understand what he is being shown. Miyagi seems more interested in having Daniel paint fences and wax cars than teaching him Karate. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> After leaving his hometown in New Jersey, the gangly teenager, Daniel LaRusso, arrives in sunny Los Angeles with his single mother, Lucille. Like a fish out of water, the shy newcomer will be up against the difficulty of fitting in--and on top of that--he will soon find himself being targeted in school by Johnny Lawrence's gang of local karate-practising bullies. Under those circumstances and constantly picked on, Daniel will turn to the building's inscrutable caretaker and unexpected master martial arts mentor, Mr Miyagi, who will agree to teach Daniel karate for the upcoming tournament. Eventually, taken under Miyagi's wing, the apt pupil will learn a compassionate and more delicate form of karate; however, is the inexperienced Daniel a match for brutal Johnny and Cobra Kai Dojo's lethal karate? Nick Riganas Daniel LaRusso has just moved from New Jersey to Reseda, CA (a neighborhood in Los Angeles) and is finding it hard to acclimatise to life in the new city. He is promised a swimming pool and a beautiful house, but when they get there, it's anything but nice. He meets a beautiful blond girl, but encounters a gang of bullies who make his life a living hell. This further dampens Daniel's spirit as he just wants to go home. He is continually bullied and is afraid to show his face around the high school. He then meets mentor/handyman Mr. Miyagi who takes the naive Daniel under his wing and shows him that Karate and life aren't all about power and strength. It's something deep within you're soul that makes you what you are. Daniel is the underdog and faces the biggest challenge of his life. WIN and he can rejoice forever knowing he beat the bullies. LOSE? They'll never let him forget it!! James Phillips (edited by Anonymous) Daniel is new in town, and is getting picked on by the local bullies, who all are adept in karate. Determined to stick up for himself, Daniel begins to teach himself karate, only to discover that the caretaker at his apartment seems to be a grand master in karate. Agreeing to teach Daniel, Mr. Miyagi shows Daniel that there is more to karate than violence, and perhaps the best way to solve the problem he has with the bullies is in the All Valley Karate Championship. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Meet Daniel Larusso, a mild-mannered New Jersey teenager who has to move from his native state to Los Angeles, California when his mother was offered a job there. He thought that he was going to have a nice house with a pool, then he finds out that his new home is a crummy apartment. He tries to fit into the Californian crowd, what he finds is a nice girl from his new high school, and punks (of a karate school named the Cobra Kai) who want to make his life miserable. Then, a Japanese handyman named Keusuke Miyagi comes to aid Daniel. He asked Miyagi to teach him karate, which he does (in a roundabout way). Daniel and Miyagi then developed a great relationship and he wanted to teach the karate fighting punks a lesson, so he signs up for a karate tournament. Daniel is determined to win. John Wiggins Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Daniel LaRusso ( Ralph Macchio ) is a teenager who moves from New Jersey to Los Angeles after his widowed mother, Lucille ( Randee Heller ), gets a new job. Daniel is unhappy at having to move, make new friends and leave his old friends behind, but he promises Lucille he'll do his best to make a new life in California. Daniel quickly makes a new friend, Freddy Fernandez ( Israel Juarbe ) at the apartment complex. When the faucet at their new apartment breaks, Daniel goes to see the maintenance man, Mr. Miyagi ( Pat Morita ), who is attempting to catch a fly with chopsticks. He seems annoyed at being interrupted but assures he will get to them in due time. Freddy invites Daniel to a beach party where he spots a beautiful blonde named Ali Mills ( Elisabeth Shue ). As the sun goes down, local troublemaker Johnny Lawrence ( William Zabka ) and his flunkies, Tommy ( Rob Garrison ) and Bobby Brown ( Ron Thomas ), crash the party on their motorcycles. After menacingly circling around their bonfire a few times, Johnny dismounts and argues with Ali, revealed to be his ex-girlfriend. He destroys her stereo, prompting Daniel to stand up to him. Johnny quickly reveals that he knows martial arts, and he easily beats up Daniel, giving him a black eye. Daniel is humiliated and refuses Ali's help when she seems concerned. He attempts to hide the eye injury from Lucille by wearing sunglasses to school; when this fails, he lies and tells her that he fell off his bicycle. Daniel receives further humiliation during the soccer tryouts at his new school, when Bobby slide tackles Daniel, prompting Daniel to tackle him and land a punch to his face, which gets him expelled from the field. Although Daniel has some basic knowledge of martial arts via some YMCA self-defense classes, he decides he needs a refresher. While he exercises, Miyagi comes in to fix the sink and comments on Daniel's attempts to learn from a book. He also inquires how Daniel could fall off a bicycle without sustaining any injuries to his arm. When Daniel meets Lucille for lunch he notices a karate school, the Cobra Kai dojo, across the street from the restaurant, and decides to check it out after Lucille returns to work. The dojo's sensei, an ex-Special Forces Vietnam Veteran by the name of John Kreese ( Martin Kove ), runs the dojo like a boot camp, instilling his students with a Draconian philosophy he refers to as "the Way of the Fist", which emphasizes ruthlessness, ferocity, and no mercy. When he sees Johnny, Tommy, and Bobby among Kreese's students, he nervously leaves. While riding home that night on his bike, Johnny and his friends sideswipe Daniel on their motorbikes, causing him to fall down a hill. Daniel is mildly injured but more scared and humiliated. Arriving back at home, Lucille sees him tossing his wrecked bike in a dumpster. Daniel, angry at how his life has been disrupted with the move, tells his mother he wants to move back to New Jersey. As they walk away, Miyagi emerges from his workshop, having heard their conversation. The next day, Daniel finds his bike out of the dumpster and repaired. He goes to Miyagi's workshop and finds out that Miyagi had repaired it for him. Miyagi is also pruning bonsai trees and invites Daniel to try it. Daniel is resistant but Miyagi convinces him that it's a relaxing hobby. Miyagi also shares some of his own personal history with Daniel: he learned about pruning bonsai trees from this father while living in his home town of Okinawa, Japan. Ali and Daniel both decorate the school gymnasium for an upcoming Halloween dance. Daniel, however, chooses not to attend; when Miyagi asks him why, Daniel says he doesn't have a costume. Miyagi also senses that Daniel lacks confidence in himself, and fashions a costume for Daniel consisting of a shower head and curtain. Daniel arrives at the school and meets with Ali, dancing briefly with her. A prankster at the dance smashes a raw egg on Daniel's head and he goes to the bathroom to clean up. Johnny is in one of the stalls, dressed like a skeleton (the other Cobra Kai are as well) and rolling marijuana joints. Daniel rigs a prank, dangling a hose over Johnny and turning on the water, dousing his enemy. Johnny rushes out of the bathroom after Daniel. Ali briefly stalls them by tripping Johnny and spilling all the other Cobra Kais to the floor. Daniel rushes out of the school and nearly makes it over the fence at his home when the Kais catch him and begin to beat him seriously. Yelling about how enemies deserve "no mercy", Johnny winds up for a brutal kick and misses when Miyagi appears and pushes Daniel out of the way. The Kais attack Miyagi, who easily defeats them, including Johnny. Leaving them all on the ground and writhing in pain, Miyagi takes Daniel to his workshop and places a medicinal bandanna on his head and gives him strong tea to drink. Daniel is amazed that an older man is skilled in karate and asks Miyagi to teach him. Miyagi mentions that the Kais' problem is not their own doing but must be their teacher's. Miyagi suggests that Daniel talk to their teacher; Daniel refuses, thinking he'll be beaten again. Miyagi is reluctant to get involved but agrees to teach Daniel and also agrees to go with him to Cobra Kai and speak with Kreese. At the Cobra Kai dojo the next day, Daniel and Miyagi watch as Kreese lectures his students that an opponent is also the enemy and deserves no mercy. When Johnny notices that Daniel and Miyagi are in the room, Kreese interrupts his class and confronts the visitors. Kreese scornfully dismisses Miyagi's request that his students leave Daniel alone and orders Daniel to fight Johnny immediately. Miyagi wants the odds to be more even for Daniel and suggests that Daniel and the Kais match up at the All-Valley Karate tournament a few weeks from then. Kreese likes the challenge and agrees. Kreese also agrees to order his students not to touch Daniel until then, but warns that if Daniel does not show up at the tournament, the harassment will be allowed to resume, which will then include Miyagi. Miyagi takes Daniel to his home to begin his training. Out in front of the house are a dozen classic American cars. Miyagi tells Daniel that they'll have to make a pact: Miyagi will instruct Daniel and his student will not question his method. When Daniel agrees, Miyagi hands Daniel a sponge and orders him to wash and wax all the cars. Miyagi's instructions are very specific; Daniel will only use the sponge and waxing cloths by moving his hands and arms in wide circles. He will also breathe deeply, in through his nose & out through his mouth. In the weeks that follow, Miyagi gives Daniel further chores to complete with similar instructions on technique: sanding a walkway that leads around Miyagi's backyard (landscaped to be a Japanese garden), staining the fence that surrounds his property and painting his house. With each new chore, Daniel's frustration grows at the seeming lack of any karate training and Miyagi's minimal praise of his work. One night, after finishing the painting of Miyagi's house, Daniel expresses his frustration to his teacher. Miyagi tells Daniel to show him how he washed and polished the cars. When Daniel tells him his shoulder aches too much, Miyagi uses acupressure to relieve the tension and orders Daniel to show him the motions he'd been using to do the chores. Daniel quickly realizes that the chores (which are essentially Daniel's "fee" for the lessons) were also practice for defensive moves, exercises to build muscle tone, his reflexes and proper breathing technique. After a few minutes of practice, Miyagi suddenly yells and throws several punches and kicks at Daniel, all of which Daniel blocks easily. Miyagi also shows Daniel how to bow to his opponent, making sure Daniel looks his opponent in the eye, both for defense and to convey respect. Daniel goes on his first official date with Ali. When he arrives, driven by Lucille, at Ali's house, he finds that her parents are quite wealthy and live in Beverly Hills. Daniel is incredibly nervous and embarrassed, especially when Lucille's car won't start and they have to push-start it. However, the date with Ali is enjoyable and his embarrassment melts. In the weeks that follow, Miyagi has Daniel work on his defensive techniques and learn physical balance by standing on the beach and trying to stay upright against the large strong waves of the ocean. When Daniel comes out of the water, he sees Miyagi standing on a post down the beach. Miyagi is practicing a move where he lifts his arms and one leg, but kicks with the other. When Daniel asks him what the move is Miyagi calls it the "crane technique" saying that if it's performed properly, an opponent will have no defense. Back at Miyagi's pickup truck, there are a couple of drunken men who have placed their empty beer bottles on the fender. Miyagi politely asks them to take them off. When the men refuse and insult Miyagi's Japanese heritage, Miyagi suddenly chops the tops of the bottles with a slice of his bare hand. The men quickly remove the bottles. Ali asks Daniel to meet her for another date. Daniel goes to Ali's parents country club where he sees Ali dancing with Johnny. When Johnny spots Daniel, he forces Ali to kiss him. Daniel, ashamed, goes to leave and runs into a waiter, who spills a tray of food on him, drawing laughter from everyone who sees the accident. Ali, furious, punches Johnny and leaves, which Daniel does not see happen. Later that night, at Miyagi's house, Daniel finds him drunk and dressed in an Army sergeant's uniform. Miyagi shows Daniel a picture of his late wife and has Daniel drink a toast with him. After a few minutes, Miyagi passes out in his bed and Daniel covers him with a blanket. Daniel finds an Army document stating that Miyagi's wife and child had died during birth at the Manzanar relocation camp for Japanese Americans in California. Daniel also discovers that Miyagi is a war hero, having been awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. Before leaving, Daniel bows to his teacher. More time passes and Daniel continues to train, often alone. He also practices Miyagi's crane kick at the beach. Miyagi also teaches Daniel how to punch, harshly reprimanding Daniel when the boy begins to goof off. Daniel's 16th birthday comes around and he has cake and ice cream with Miyagi. He has also passed his driver's test. Miyagi gives Daniel a Japanese robe with an embroidered bonsai tree sewn into the back. Miyagi's other present is one of the cars he had Daniel wash and wax, a yellow 1948 Ford Super Deluxe. He tells Daniel to go out and find the "balance" in his life; realizing that he has confidence and to pursue his relationship with Ali. Daniel drives to a local hangout and finds Ali, intending to confront her about kissing Johnny. She mostly ignores him until Ali's friend Susan explains that Johnny had kissed her only to humiliate Daniel and that Ali had hurt her wrist while punching Johnny for that affront. Daniel apologizes to Ali and she accepts. He takes her out for a drive in his new car. On the day of the tournament, Ali and Lucille join him. At the registration desk the official asks what degree of belt Daniel has attained. Miyagi tells the official that Daniel is a black belt and slyly steals the official's belt from his bag sitting beside the desk, giving it to Ali. In the locker room while dressing, Daniel is confronted by some of the Cobra Kais led by Dutch, one of Kreese's top-ranking students,. One of the referees orders the Kais out. In the tourney ring, Daniel squares off and beats his first opponent. He continues to advance, much to his own surprise. In the higher rounds, Daniel faces off against some of the Cobra Kais. When Daniel defeats Tommy and Dutch, Kreese orders Bobby to use an illegal kick to deliberately injure Daniel's knee, taking him out of the competition. Though disgusted, Bobby complies, severely injuring Daniel and getting disqualified in the process. Daniel is taken to the locker room where a medic tells him he won't be able to finish the competition. Daniel is devastated, but Ali, Lucille, and Miyagi all tell him that he made his point, and further fighting isn't necessary. However, after both women have left, Daniel asks Miyagi to use acupressure to fix his knee, like he did for his shoulder during training. Though Miyagi initially reiterates Lucille's comments that Daniel has nothing left to prove, Daniel insists he will never be able to achieve his life's balance if he knows his tormentors have gotten the best of him. Miyagi agrees and partially heals Daniel's leg. Daniel returns to the ring moments before Johnny is about to be named winner by default. Needing three contact points to win, both square off and after several tense rounds the score is tied at two each. Daniel tries a high kick which is caught by Johnny, who, under orders from Kreese, plants an elbow in Daniel's injured knee. Daniel, despite being in pain, is undeterred and lines up for the final round. He takes up the crane technique pose and with an approving look from Miyagi, waits for Johnny to make his move. Daniel kicks out with his leg and connects with Johnny's chin, scoring a third point and winning the match and title. As he's carried around on the shoulders of the other competitors, Johnny congratulates him and hands him the championship trophy. Daniel celebrates his triumph and sees Miyagi nearly smiling. 
 My Cousin Vinny (1992)541) Two New Yorkers accused of murder in rural Alabama while on their way back to college call in the help of one of their cousins, a loudmouth lawyer with no trial experience. Bill Gambini and Stanley Rothenstein are two friends from New York University who just received scholarships to UCLA. They decide to drive through the South. Once they arrive in Alabama, they stop at a local convenience store to pick up a few snacks. But, no sooner than they leave the store, they are arrested. They had thought that they were arrested for shoplifting, but they were arrested for murder and robbery. Worse, they are facing execution for this crime. Bill and Stan do not have enough money for a lawyer, so the good news is that Bill has a lawyer in his family, his cousin, Vincent Laguardia Gambini. The bad news is that Vinny is an inexperienced lawyer who has not been at a trial. So, Vinny has to defend his clients and battle an uncompromising judge, some tough locals, and even his fiance, Mona Lisa Vito, who just does not know when to shut up, to prove his clients' innocence. But he will soon realize that he is going to need help. John Wiggins Two teenage boys from New York are travelling down south when a series of coincidences lands them in jail charged with first degree murder. They can't afford the $50K for an attorney so they call the lawyer cousin of one of the boys. Vinny is a stereotypical New Yorker who is initially a complete disaster, but can he get them off the hook ? Rob Hartill While heading for college, Bill and Stan are arrested in Alabama when circumstances point to them as having murdered a convenience store clerk. Unable to afford an attorney, they turn to Bill's cousin Vinny, a brash New Yorker who took six tries to pass his bar exam. Worse, until now he's only taken personal injury cases, none of which have gone to trial. Dragging along his even more abrasive fiancee Mona Lisa Vito, Vinny will have to straighten up fast, and keep out of jail himself, if he's going to win the case. rmlohner Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. New Yorkers Billy Gambini (Ralph Macchio) and his friend Stan Rothenstein (Mitchell Whitfield) stop at a convenience store called the Sack-O-Suds in fictional Beechum County, Alabama. The two are heading to college in Los Angeles and decided to take a longer road trip out there through the Deep South. At the store, they accidentally neglect to pay for a can of tuna. After they leave the store, the clerk is shot and killed off-camera, and Billy and Stan, who match the descriptions of the murderers given by witnesses, are then pulled over and detained in connection with the murder. Due to circumstantial evidence and a series of miscommunications based on the boys assumption that they have merely been detained for shoplifting, Billy ends up being charged with murder, and Stan is charged as an accessory. The pair call Billy's mother, who tells her son that there is an attorney in the family, Billy's cousin, Vincent LaGuardia "Vinny" Gambini (Joe Pesci), who travels to Beechum County accompanied by his fiance, Mona Lisa Vito (Marisa Tomei). Unfortunately, although he is perfectly willing to take the case, Vinny reveals himself to be a neophyte personal injury lawyer from Brooklyn, New York, newly admitted to the bar (after six attempts and six years) with no trial experience whatsoever. Although Vinny manages to fool the suspicious and conservative trial judge, Chamberlain Haller (Fred Gwynne), about being experienced enough to take the case, his ignorance of basic court procedures and abrasive, disrespectful attitude towards the judge gets him into trouble immediately. During the arraignment, Vinny has no idea what he's supposed to do and angers Judge Haller with his ignorance of whether or not to plead "guilty" or "not guilty" for Stan and Billy. Vinny is charged with contempt of court, fined and sent to jail with Billy and Stan, who both believe that Vinny is incapable of handling their case. The next day, Vinny's ignorance and inexperience causes more harm, much to Billy and Stan's consternation. Vinny does not even bother to cross-examine any of the witnesses in the probable cause hearing. As their claims go unquestioned, it appears that the stuffy prosecutor, District Attorney Jim Trotter III (Lane Smith), has an airtight case that will inevitably lead to a conviction at the trial. After Vinny's poor showing at the hearing, Billy and Stan decide to fire him and use the public defender, but Vinny asks for one more chance to prove himself. He talks to Billy alone and explains that Trotter's case looks airtight but is actually very flimsy -- Vinny gravely tells his cousin that nobody can fool a Gambini so easily. Vinny spends several weeks preparing his defense: he questions all of the witnesses about what they allegedly saw and learns (with Lisa's help) that he is entitled to examine every file that Trotter has prepared. A running gag has Vinny unable to get much sleep because noise from trains, local factories and, when Trotter offers the use of his hunting cabin, the sounds of the forest keep him awake as well. The trial then opens with Vinny representing his cousin and the public defender representing Stan. Despite some further missteps, including wearing a gaudy secondhand suit to court (as his own suit fell in the mud) and sleeping through Trotter's opening statement, Vinny shows that he can make up for his ignorance and inexperience with an aggressive, perceptive questioning style. While the public defender stutters through a line of ill-prepared questions that appears to bolster the case against the boys, Vinny quickly and comprehensively puts into question the testimony of the first witness Sam Tipton (Maury Chaykin) who testifies seeing Bill and Stan arrive at the Sac-O-Suds parking lot before he started cooking his breakfast grits and saw them flee from the scene after hearing a gunshot. Vinny is able to show that 20 minutes had actually passed between those two events, not the five minutes that Tipton claims, thus opening the door to the idea that there may have been two cars involved and possibly two other suspects. Billy's faith is rewarded, and Stan develops newfound respect and confidence for Vinny, firing the public defender. The next day, Vinny's cross-examinations of the remaining eyewitnesses are similarly effective. The elderly Mrs Riley (Paulene Myers)'s testimony becomes suspect because she could not identify how many fingers Vinny was holding up at half the distance she had been from the getaway car -- Vinny tests her vision in the courtroom and very respectfully informs her that she didn't see the suspects. Redneck Ernie Crane's (Raynor Scheine) testimony is made to question his own identification of the "two men in a green convertible" when he was forced to realize that he had made it looking through a dirty window, a rust-covered screen, a bunch of leaf-covered trees, and seven bushes on his property. But on the third day of the trial, Trotter produces a surprise witness, George Wilbur, an FBI analyst who testifies that his chemical analysis of the tire marks left at the crime scene shows that they are identical to the tires on Billy's 1964 Buick Skylark, which are a popular-selling model of Michelins. With only a brief recess to prepare his cross-examination and unable to come up with a particularly strong line of questions, Vinny becomes frustrated and lashes out at Lisa by taunting her about the usefulness of her wide-angle photographs of the tire tracks. She storms out, leaving Vinny alone. However, Vinny later realizes that the photo the two had argued over actually holds the key to the case: the flat and even tire marks going over the curb reveal that Billy's car could not have been used for the getaway. Vinny needs Lisa, an expert in automobiles from working in her father's auto garage and who has several relatives who do the same work, to testify to his theory. He drags her into court, and during Vinny's questioning, they patch up their differences. Vinny asks Lisa if his case "holds water". After looking over the photo, she has the same epiphany as Vinny and tells the court he Buick had an axle that connected the two wheels, and would make a tilted, not flat, impression of the lower tire when going over the curb. The tire marks are both flat, revealing the car that made the marks had both Posi-traction and an independent wheel suspension system. Lisa concludes that the car that made the tracks could have been one of only two models: the Chevrolet Corvette -- immediately disproved by Lisa because it bears no resemblance to the car involved in the robbery/murder -- or a 1963 Pontiac Tempest, a car with approximately the same size and general appearance as Billy's '64 Buick Skylark. Lisa also confirms that both cars were available with the same metallic mint green paint job produced by General Motors, further bolstering Vinny's case. Vinny recalls the FBI expert who also backs Lisa's testimony. Finally, Vinny calls the local sheriff, who has run a records check at Vinny's request. The sheriff testifies that two men resembling Billy and Stan were arrested a few days earlier in Georgia for driving a stolen Pontiac Tempest and who were in possession of a .357 pistol, the same caliber used to kill the Sack O' Suds clerk. Trotter then respectfully moves to dismiss all the charges. Throughout the film, Vinny and Judge Haller play a game of cat-and-mouse over Vinny's qualifications. Haller first discovers that, despite Vinny's claims that he tried "quite a few" murder cases, there exist no records of anybody named Vincent Gambini trying any case in New York State. Aware that Judge Haller will not let him be Stan and Billy's legal council if he finds Vinny to be inexperienced, Vinny then begins a series of lies by claiming that he had his name changed during a previous career as a stage actor and continued to use the name when he opened a law practice. Vinny, believing that he should give the judge the name of someone with the kind of resume he claimed to have, supplies the name of a prominent New York attorney, Jerry Gallo. Unfortunately, Lisa later tells Vinny that Gallo passed away the previous week, and when Haller learns this, Vinny claims that Haller misheard "Gallo" when Vinny actually said "Callo". Finally, Lisa gets Vinny off the hook by calling his mentor, Judge Malloy from New York, who responds to Haller's request by claiming that 'Jerry Callo' has a long and impressive trial history. The film concludes with Haller apologizing for doubting Vinny and praising his skills as a litigator. Vinny and Lisa then drive off together, discussing how they were able to fool the judge about Vinny's qualifications and arguing about plans for their wedding. 
 The Outsiders (1983)761) The rivalry between two gangs, the poor Greasers and the rich Socs, only heats up when one gang member kills a member of the other. Tulsa, Oklahoma, 1965. Fourteen-year-old Ponyboy Curtis is the youngest of three orphaned brothers who live on the north side of town, the "wrong side" of the tracks. Sensitive Ponyboy used to have a good relationship with his oldest brother Darrel, but since Darrel became the household caregiver, he is always on Ponyboy's case. Caught in the middle is third brother Sodapop, who dropped out of school to work full time. They all belong to The Greasers, a gang of boys from the north side also from working class families, often broken. Ponyboy's main concern is that any problem they may encounter, especially in their Greaser activities, will lead to the authorities splitting up their family. He also believes Darrel would have outgrown them and become something in his life if it wasn't for his loyalty to the gang, and the need to take care of the family. The rest of the world sees the Greasers as all the same, the face being Dallas Winston, the most volatile one who has just been released from prison, despite each boy having his own specific view of life. Similarly, the world sees the Socs, the Greasers' primary rivals, as all the same, rich spoiled entitled boys with a sense of superiority from the south side of town, despite again each boy being his own person. A connection between the two gangs happens in the form of Ponyboy and Cherry Valance, which doesn't sit well with Cherry's Soc boyfriend, Bob Sheldon. As a result, an incident occurs involving the Socs, Ponyboy and fellow Greaser, sixteen-year-old Johnny Cade, an equally sensitive boy who wants a better life for himself, but seems stuck in a downward spiral with parents who don't give him the time of day. Beyond Ponyboy and Johnny's lives being threatened by that incident, the Greasers and the Socs agree to a rumble to settle things once and for all. Some of the boys realize the rumble will accomplish nothing, with the questions being if they can convince their colleagues of the same, and if not what the consequences will be. Huggo Based on the book by S.E. Hinton, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Ponyboy Curtis, the youngest of a clan that was poor in the east side of town known as "Greasers", is a guy with good grades and is very sensitive. He lives with his two older brothers, Sodapop and Darry, jokester Two-Bit, Soda's friend, Steve, the toughest, Dally, and weakling, Johnny. The seven have had a longtime rivalry with another clan in the west known as the "Socs", that consist of Randy, Bob, Cherry, and Marcia. One night, after Pony and Johnny are ambushed, they decide to hide out of town when Bob gets killed. Then they realize they must hide from everybody else before things get arwy almost immediately. It is 1965, and Tulsa, Oklahoma is divided in two along social lines. The youths of each side form gangs in line with these two camps: the working class Greasers and the wealthier South Side gang, the Socs. The two sides use any opportunity to niggle each other and whenever they meet, there is friction. Then one night, a gang of Socs attack two Greasers, Johnny (Ralph Macchio) and Ponyboy (C. Thomas Howell), and Johnny kills one of the Socs with a knife. This sets off a chain of events. grantss Under everyone's noses, war is brewing in 1960s Tulsa, Oklahoma. On the one hand, the tough, working-class Greasers from the other side of the tracks are looking for a better world, while on the other hand, the Socials, or Socs, privileged, bored-to-death college boys, have got it all figured out. Then, against the backdrop of a sinister undercurrent of simmering violence, someone knifes to death a cocky Soc, and two Greasers go on the lam. Now, the already tenuous truce is at stake, and only an angry rumble between the two teen gangs will sort out the men from the boys. But, when you're sixteen, there are so many things you haven't seen or done yet. What difference will it make if either one of them wins that fight tonight? Nick Riganas The tension between two groups: The Greasers and The Socs puts Ponyboy Curtis and his best friend Johnny Cade in a bad spot. One night at the movies, Ponyboy and Johnny fall in love with Sherri "Cherry" Valance and Marcia, once they get Dally Winston, the toughest and meanest of the Greasers to stop attempting to "score" with the girls. Cherry and Marcia are from the snobbish, popular, and rich group, the Socs. Corey Semple <AdamSandler's8SexyNights> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Ponyboy Curtis (C. Thomas Howell) sitting at his desk in his room, writing. He talks about walking home from the movies one night. As he is bouncing and messing with a ball, he recites parts of the movie that he's just seen when a group of guys pull up in a red Corvair. They start to call him a greaser because he has greasy hair, and he tries to evade them. They're the Socials, clean-cut teens dressed in Varsity letter jackets and chinos, also known as the rich kids or the South Side Socs. The Socs stop, get out, and attack Pony, knocking him to the ground as he struggles. The soc on top of Pony puts his knees on Pony's elbows, asking, "How would you like that haircut to begin just below the neck?" Ponyboy struggles but is unable to unpin himself. As the socs try and shut him up, the knife accidentally slips and cuts his head slightly. Hearing his screams, Pony's older brothers, Darrel (Patrick Swayze) and Sodapop (Rob Lowe) and the rest of their gang, Johnny Cade (Ralph Macchio), Dallas Winston (Matt Dillion), Steve Randall (Tom Cruise), and Two-Bit Matthews (Emilio Estevez) come to his rescue, chasing off the Socs. Darrel, Sodapop, and Ponyboy lost their parents in a car crash. Darrel, a high school grad with a job, acts as the father figure. Soda is a dropout who works at a gas station. The three are allowed to live together without parental supervision as long as they stay out of trouble. Pony is still in high school at Darry's insistence and is actually a good student, earning good grades. However, Pony is often absent-minded, getting into trouble when he doesn't let his older brothers know where he is after dark and other small slips. Darry is very protective of his two younger brothers, more so with Pony, since they are all still reeling from the trauma of losing their parents. Dallas, Johnny, and Ponyboy go to a drive-in movie and sit in the bleachers. Cherry (Diane Lane) quarrels with her Soc date and leaves his car, going to sit in front of the greasers with her friend . Dallas tries to chat her up but Cherry seems to connect more with Ponyboy and Johnny. Dallas finally says something offensive and Cherry, unafraid of his tough-guy attitude, tells him to shut his mouth. When Dallas reaches for her, Johnny stops him, being the only member of the group able to do so. Spurned, Dallas stalks off. Pony goes with Cherry to the concession stand. While waiting in line, they talk about their respective friends. Pony's view is that he and his friends are persecuted by the Socs because they're poor, dress differently and are often considered delinquents. Cherry counters, saying that her group has their own problems, ones that the greasers couldn't even imagine. Back at their seats, Two-Bit joins the group and after the movie ends, the three boys and two girls walk together chatting. Cherry's boyfriend, Bob, stops in his car nearby. He's drunk and harshly admonishes her for hanging out with the greasers. Two-Bit immediately pulls out the butterfly knife he carries and smashes the end off a bottle to use as a weapon. To avoid a violent fight, Cherry reluctantly goes with Bob. While they walk past Johnny's house, they hear Johnny's parents having a violent fight. Johnny decides he's going to sleep out in the vacant lot near his house until his parents stop fighting. When he arrives home, Ponyboy is harshly reprimanded by Darry for staying out so late. When his brother tries to stop the argument, Darry pushes Pony a bit too hard, spilling him to the floor. Pony runs out of the house despite Darry's attempts to apologize and he finds Johnny in the vacant lot. Still very much upset, Pony gets Johnny to walk to the local park with him. Not long after, the Socs find Ponyboy and Johnny in the park, still angry about the greasers trying to pick up Cherry and her friend. They mock both Pony and Johnny for having long, greasy hair and Pony throws an insult back. The Socs are further provoked when Pony spits at them and tries to run, making it as far as the park's fountain. The Socs knock Johnny to the ground and dunk Ponyboy's head in the water, nearly drowning him. Johnny pulls out a switchblade to stop them. Bob is left dead and everyone flees. Johnny, unusually calm only a few minutes after he kills Bob, decides that he and Pony should find Dallas, who will be able to help them in their predicament. They go to a house where Dallas had been partying with an old friend (a cameo by singer Tom Waits) and talk to him about hiding out. Dallas gives them instructions to board a train to a small village called Windrixville where they can hide out in an abandoned church. Johnny and Ponyboy hop a freight train and make their way, break into the church, and fall asleep. The next morning Johnny comes back with bologna and bread, cigarettes, a paperback copy of "Gone With the Wind" and, oddly, a bottle of peroxide. Pony is puzzled by the last item until Johnny tells him that they should cut their hair and dye Pony's blonde so they can't fit the descriptions the police will have for them. Johnny also mentions that if they have to appear before a judge, that the judge will order them to get their hair cut anyway. They cut their hair with Johnny's switchblade and Ponyboy dyes his blond. The two hide out in the church for several days, waiting for word from Dallas. The two spend several days playing cards, betting with cigarettes, Pony reads "Gone With the Wind" to Johnny, and they try to trap a rabbit. One morning, Pony wakes up early and sees the valley below the church in the sunrise, admiring its beauty. He recites a Robert Frost poem, "Nothing Gold Can Stay" that Johnny takes to heart. A few days later Dallas arrives and takes them out to eat. He tells Ponyboy about how the police are looking for Bob's killer, even hauling Dallas himself in for questioning. Soda and Darry are both worried about Pony's disappearance but Dallas has assured them that the two are safe. Johnny wants to turn himself in as it sounds like they can claim self-defense, but Dallas tries to discourage him, warning him of what can happen if Johnny gets jail time. On returning to the church, they find it burning and a group of young kids milling about with two adults and a school bus. The woman exclaims some kids are trapped inside. Johnny and Ponyboy feel responsible, thinking that one of them must've dropped a lit cigarette that sparked the fire. Over Dallas' harsh objection, they enter to rescue the kids, Dallas reluctantly following. They find the kids in a back room and carry them to safety, Dallas helping out. Suddenly the roof collapses and Johnny is badly burnt and his back is broken. Dallas pulls both of them to safety. EMS finally arrives and takes them back to their hometown and the hospital. The boys are all hailed as heroes, and Ponyboy is tearfully reunited with Darrel and Sodapop. The Socs and Greasers plan a big rumble to settle things after the death of Bob, and Cherry acts as the go-between: No knives or other weapons; fighting will only be hand-to-hand. Two-Bit and Pony go to the hospital to visit Dallas and Johnny. Johnny is suffering from horrible burns and is in traction, laying on his chest, seemingly paralyzed. The visit is very emotional and Johnny becomes very upset when a nurse tells him that his mother has come to visit. He doesn't want to see her, as he feels she doesn't care about him. He orders the nurse (a cameo by the novel's author, SE Hinton) to send her away, and faints. Pony and Two-Bit leave, shaken by the encounter. When they visit Dallas, he is arguing with a nurse. Dallas asks about Johnny and they tell him the outcome doesn't look promising. Dallas is desperate to join the big rumble and asks Two-Bit for his knife, talking about revenge for Johnny's sake. On the night of the rumble, despite signs of exhaustion, Ponyboy wants to go. Darrell reluctantly lets him participate, telling him and Soda to run if cops arrive. The Socs arrive and the big rumble gets underway in a heavy rainstorm as the groups pair off and start slugging. Both sides get their licks in but after a while the Socs retreat, the Greasers whooping with delight at their victory. Just before the first punch is thrown, Dallas arrives, having left the hospital. When the fight ends, Dallas grabs Pony and they drive to the hospital to see Johnny, who is weaker than ever. On the way, Dallas tells Pony to stay tough and nothing will ever faze him. When they arrive, Dallas tells Johnny that the Socs have been driven out of their territory for good. Johnny seems not to care and tells Pony to "stay gold". Johnny dies and Dallas becomes incredibly upset, dry-firing a pistol at a doctor and babbling madly before he runs off. Pony heads home to find Darrell and the rest of the gang nursing their wounds. He tells them that Johnny died and Dallas tore off in a fury. While Pony worries that Dallas will do something crazy, Dallas holds up a convenience store and is shot and wounded. He calls Pony's house, asking for a place to hide from the police. The cops chase him and shoot him when he waves the unloaded gun at them. The police open fire and his friends arrive just as he dies; his last word is "Pony". Pony faints from exhaustion. At the trial Cherry gives her testimony and Ponyboy is declared not guilty. Back at school Ponyboy is now neatly dressed and coiffed; Cherry ignores him and a teacher gives him an extension to finish his writing assignment. At home Darrel rides Ponyboy as Sodapop runs off into the night. The three brothers reunite and Sodapop tells Darrel to stop being so hard on Ponyboy, the three only have each other and they all need to get along. They have a group hug and return home. At home at his desk, Ponyboy sits down and begins to write his story, starting with the moment he left the movie theater: "When I stepped out into the bright sunlight from the darkness of the movie house, I only had two things on my mind: Paul Newman, and a ride home", the first line from Hinton's novel. 