nm0006766:

 Superman of BangaloreSummaries A village handyman makes a film in his village to bring the community together and topple the local moneylender. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ghost RoadSummaries In India,5 American grad students are stalked by an evil truck driver hell-bent on murder and ritual sacrifice in order to wreak revenge for deadly sins in a past life and break the vicious cycle of reincarnation for his tormented soul. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mumbai Charlie (2011)Summaries A businessman from Mumbai comes across a cult like society in Gujerat, which is obsessed and prays to Charlie Chaplin. Mumbai Charlie is a heartwarming film in which a young Mumbai businessman who on his way to the biggest meeting of his life in rural Gujarat, suffers a complete breakdown and finds himself in the World of a community dedicated to the Magic of Charlie Chaplin. Anonymous A Mumbai businessman, Vijay, is on his way to the most difficult and important meeting of his life, where the fate of his Family's company rests on his shoulders. Goaded and pressurized by his Father's intermittent phone calls, Vijay becomes anxious, confused and ill and starts to vomit, realizing that his life is empty and that others are making decisions for him and that he simply has no idea of what the paperwork he is carrying means. Ramu, his loyal and despairing driver is the only one who can help his boss and takes him to be cured by 'The Doctor'. The Doctor diagnoses that he has simply 'lost his moustache'. Vijay then becomes entranced by the local Chaplin praying community and this leads Vijay to understand his emotional and sensitive side, which means he can return to his life with control and approach it from a point of Choice. DV It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 50 Kisses (2014)541) 50 writers. 50 filmmakers. One picture. Fifty Kisses is a crowd created feature film with multiple stories connected by one thing - a Valentines kiss. Irreverent, charming, ridiculous, moving and at times profound, 50 Kisses features everything from love struck zombies, androids, teddy bears to... fatigue-fighting lesbians! 50 Kisses is the world's first crowd generated feature film; a multi-cultural and global reflection of pop culture's vision of love in the 21st century. livingspirit In 2012, the London Screenwriters Festival launched a competition to find 50 amazing two page scripts set on Valentine's day and featuring a kiss. Those scripts were then released on the Internet for filmmakers to turn into brilliant two minute short films. The best films were then edited together into a unique feature film set on Valentines' Day. 50 Kisses is the world's first crowd sourced narrative feature film. With a limited cinema release and a premiere date of 13th of Feb 2014, 50 Kisses is a unique project backed by London Screenwriters' Festival and distributor Guerilla Films. Anonymous 50 Kisses is a crowd created feature film with multiple stories connected by on thing - a Valentines kiss. Irreverent, charming, ridiculous, moving and at times wonderfully profound, 50 Kisses features everything from love struck zombies, androids and teddy bears, to fatigue fighting lesbians! 50 Kisses is the world's first crowd generated feature film; a multi-cultural and global reflection of pop culture's vision of love in the 21st century. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 50 Kisses is a groundbreaking project that brought together new talent in a global collaboration with the sole aim of creating an extraordinary feature film. In the summer of 2012 the London Screenwriters Festival issued a challenge to the writing community create a killer 2 page script that filmmakers anywhere in the world will work with you to produce. The best 50 of those films will then be woven together to create a feature length film that will receive a global release. The only guidelines were that the scripts be set on Valentines Day and feature at least one kiss. Out of 1870 script submissions and 127 completed films, the result is 50 Kisses, a ground breaking film showcasing the combined talents of hundreds of new creative voices from around the world. Irreverent, charming, ridiculous, moving and at times wonderfully profound, 50 Kisses features everything from love struck zombies, androids and teddy bears to fatigue fighting lesbians! 50 Kisses is the world's first crowd generated feature film; a multi-cultural and global reflection of pop cultures vision of love in the 21st century. 