nm0004929:

 The Kids in the Hall (19882021)Summaries The TV series of the Canadian sketch comedy troupe that, more often than not, puts bizarre, unique, and insane twists in their skits. "The Kids in the Hall" are a sketch comedy troupe, set apart by their cross-dressing antics and seemingly infinite supply of unique characters. Although writer Paul Bellini, various extras, and sometimes even an actual woman appear in the sketches, for the most part, the five main cast members portray every single character themselves. Recurring characters range from the harried corporate executive Danny Husk to Queen Elizabeth, from alienated teen rocker Bobby Tarrance to gay bar owner Buddy Cole, from occult TV show host Simon and his sidekick Hecubus to the gossiping corporate secretaries Cathy and Kathy, and an endless parade of others. William Agee <wa0521@broncho.ucok.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Postal (2007)321) In the ironically named city of Paradise, a loser teams up with his cult-leading uncle to steal a peculiar bounty of riches from their local amusement park. The recently arrived Taliban have a similar focus, but a far more sinister intent. The story begins with a regular Joe who tries desperately to seek employment, but embarks on a violent rampage when he teams up with cult leader Uncle Dave. Their first act is to heist an amusement park, only to learn that the Taliban are planning the same heist as well. Chaos ensues, and now the Postal Dude must not only take on terrorists but political figures as well. cgw@mac.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. September 11, 2001. Two Al Qaeda terrorist pilots, Asif and Nabi, are seen in the cockpit of an airborne aircraft flying to an unknown destination. Nabi begins arguing with Asif about martyrdom and about according to Islamic tradition, how many virgins one martyr will get upon entering Heaven. Nabi even goes as far as to phone his boss about the number and after they agree that the number isn't satisfactory, they agree to divert their plane from their target to the Bahamas where there are hundreds of virgins on vacation there. Suddenly, the cockpit door comes crashing down as the passengers stage a revolt against their captors (shades of Flight 93). But nevertheless, the plane keeps on going and crashes into the first building of the World Trade Center, killing everyone in the towers, as well as an unfortunate window washer on a scaffolding. Six years later. In the small town of Paradise, Arizona, a volatile young man, known only as the Postal Dude (Zack Ward) lives in a trailer park with his morbidly obese wife, who's known only as the Dude's Bitch. After losing his job at a local post office, the Postal Dude goes to another job interview at a local office where he is mocked by the cynical employment worker. The Dude gets a coffee at a local Starbucks where he is served by an attractive young barista, named Faith (Jackie Tohn), who is the only person who seems friendly to the Postal Dude in this misanthropic town they live in. The Dude tells Faith that he's more than a little angry about his life and is desperate to get enough money to finally leave this dead-end town. After the Dude goes to a local unemployment office, he is treated badly by the tellers who tell him to wait, until another customer goes "postal" and begins shooting up the place with a handgun, killing many customers. The Dude tries looking for the shortest ticket number on the dead victims in order to skip ahead in line, but eventually gets thrown out by the ungrateful and mean workers. The Dude decides to team up with his Uncle Dave (Dave Foley), a slovenly con artist-turned-doomsday cult leader who owes the U.S. government over a million dollars in back-taxes. With the help of Uncle Dave's right hand man Richie (Chris Coppola) and an army of big-breasted, scantily clad cult members, the Dude devises a plan to hijack a shipment of 2,000 Krotchy Dolls, a rare, sought-after plush toy resembling a giant scrotum. Uncle Dave plans to sell them online on eBay, where their prices have reached as high as $4,000 a doll. Unbeknownst to them, Osama bin Laden (Larry Thomas) and his group of Al-Qaeda terrorists, who had been secretly hiding in Paradise since September 11, under the watchful eye of bin Laden's best friend President George W. Bush (Brent Mendenhall), are after the same shipment, but for entirely different reasons. Hoping to outdo the catastrophe of 9/11, they plan to instill the dolls with Avian influenza and distribute them to unsuspecting American children. The two groups meet at the shipment's destination, a Nazi-themed amusement park called Little Germany. A fight between the Little Germany park creator (Vince Desiderio) and the theme park owner (Uwe Boll) (which ends with Boll being shot in the genitals, confessing "I hate video games"), sparks a massive shootout between the cult, the terrorists and the police, resulting in the death of dozens of innocent children. The Dude and the cult are able to get away with both the shipment and the park's opening day guest Verne Troyer, pursued by Al-Qaeda, the police and a mob of angry citizens. During the chase, the Dude runs over the unemployment clerk who snubbed him earlier. Upon returning to their compound, which has been overtaken by the terrorists, the Dude, Uncle Dave and the rest covertly sneak into the compound's underground bunker, where Richie reveals that he must now fulfill the prophecy foretold in Uncle Dave's fictional Bible: to bring about the extinction of the human race. As per Uncle Dave's Bible, the event initiating the apocalypse is the rape of a "tiny entertainer" by a thousand monkeys. After Verne Troyer is quickly thrown into a pit of chimpanzees, Richie shoots and kills Uncle Dave, then imprisons the Dude. The Dude manages to escape the compound with a plethora of weapons, deciding to wage a one-man war against Al-Qaeda, his uncle's murderer, his cheating wife, the police and the many people who want him dead. On the way to his trailer (where he plans to blow up his spouse), he meets up again with Faith who joins forces with him after an explosive gunfight at the trailer park. After calling a truce to the fighting, The Dude makes a heartfelt, but futile monologue about war, the Dude and Faith proceed to kill all the terrorists, as well as most of the bloodthirsty townspeople, the remains of the now-mad cult, his wife, and her multiple lovers by blowing up his trailer. In the midst of the shootout, Osama bin Laden, despite being wounded, escapes to a payphone, where he calls George Bush in the White House for help. Bush sends a helicopter to save him and plans for the two to rendezvous. Having won their war, the Dude, his dog, and the barista Faith drive away in a stolen police car. They casually turn on the radio, only to learn that Bush has blamed the day's shootouts and explosions on China and India, and has been "forced to destroy both countries with nuclear force". China, in retaliation, has unleashed 30 nuclear missiles towards America, which are scheduled to hit in under two minutes. But the Dude no longer cares as he now has left Paradise and will enjoy his last minutes with his true soul mate Faith. The film's final shot features President Bush and Osama bin Laden skipping through a field together, hand-in-hand. As mushroom clouds explode on the horizon, Osama laughs and says, "Georgie, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship". At that moment, all of the nuclear missiles hit, and the world is destroyed. 
 A Bug's Life (1998)871) A misfit ant, looking for "warriors" to save his colony from greedy grasshoppers, recruits a group of bugs that turn out to be an inept circus troupe. At an annual pace, a huge colony of ants is forced to collect every piece of food that grows on their island for a group of menacing grasshoppers. But that all changes when a misfit inventor ant named Flik accidentally knocks over the offering pile thus forcing the grasshoppers' devious leader Hopper to force the ants to redo their gathering of food. Despite the fact that his friends don't believe him and desperate to help save the colony, Flik volunteers to go out into the world and search for a group of 'warrior' bugs. Instead, what he got was a talented group of circus performers. But when the grasshoppers return and take control of the island, Flik must prove himself a true hero before it's too late. Blazer346 In every season, greedy grasshoppers demand a share of food from a colony of ants. But one day, their annual offering is inadvertently destroyed, and the grasshoppers demand twice as much food as compensation. So the ants send a misfit ant named Flik to seek for "warrior bugs" to battle the grasshoppers, only to discover that the group of bugs he recruited are an inept circus troupe. But the bugs are the ants' only hope to fight off their enemies. MadMovieManiac Sadly, the good Queen of Ant Island and her gracious daughter, Princess Atta, are absolutely helpless against the absurd annual demands of the opportunistic Hopper and his hordes of mindless grasshoppers. However, this year, things are bound to get from bad to worse, as an embarrassing and terrible catastrophe threatens to disrupt the already frail balance between the two species. Now, only Flik--a resourceful young ant and a hopeful inventor--a mighty army, and a genuine miracle can save the defenceless colony from the rapacious predators; however, this is easier said than done. Undoubtedly, it's a hard life for a bug out there; nevertheless, can Flik manage to save the day? Nick Riganas A colony of ants is under the thumb of the grasshoppers, who extort food from the ants. One ant, Flik, decides to do something about this. He sets out to the city to find some warrior bugs to fight the grasshoppers. Hew returns with an assortment of characters he believes will be enough to battle the ant's oppressors, only to find that they're a troupe of circus performers. grantss Every year, a bunch of grasshoppers come to the anthill and eat what the ants have gathered for them. The "offering", as the ants call the ritual, is a part of their fate. One day in spring, when the offering's preparation has just been finished, Flik, unliked inventor ant, accidentally drops the whole offered seeds into the river. The grasshoppers come and give the ants a second chance to collect food until fall. Flik sets off to find bugs that are willing to fight the grasshoppers (nobody expects him to succeed anyway) and, due to a double misinterpretation, returns with a circus crew, giving everybody new hope. When the misunderstanding finally gets cleared out, there is only little time left for a new plan, which has to work, or else... Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Once every year, some grasshoppers come to an anthill and eat what the ants have made. One year, a bug named Flik by accident drops the seeds into the river. The grasshoppers give the ants one last chance to find the food by the next season. Flik goes off to find help, and meets up with a circus crew, giving the ants some hope... neo101 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On a small island with a large tree, a colony of ants is preparing food for the arrival of a band of grasshoppers. Of the ants that are working, one of them that stands out is an industrious one named Flik. Flik is constantly inventing new things for the colony to reduce labor, but his ideas are often shouted down and shunned by the colony, who feel the old-fashioned way of preparing the grasshoppers' "offering" is the only way to do things. The only one who seems to believe in Flik is the young Princess of the colony named Dot. Secretly, Flik is attracted to her older sister, Atta, who is next in line for the throne. As the time for the grasshoppers to arrive approach, the colony heads down into the anthill, intent to wait for the grasshoppers to eat the offering, and leave. Unfortunately, Flik is the last one to put his items on the offering stone, and ends up causing the platform to collapse with his piece of machinery. All the food they've gathered spills into the stream. When the grasshoppers finally arrive and find nothing, they break into the anthill to terrorize the ants. The leader of the grasshoppers, Hopper, demands that the offering be replenished by the Fall season, and terrorizes Dot, before Flik comes forward to try and defend her. Hopper then commands that the offering be doubled, due to Flik's speaking up against them. During the meeting, Hopper's dimwitted brother, Molt, lets it slip that Hopper is afraid of birds. Hopper silences his brother and the grasshoppers leave, promising to return when the last leaf of Autumn falls. The colony is now in trouble, as there isn't enough food to fulfill Hopper's request and provide sustenance for the colony. Flik is brought before a tribunal in regards to his causing the trouble. As the group convenes, Flik then thinks up a new idea: if the colony could find bigger bugs to help them defend the colony, they could be instrumental in scaring off the grasshoppers from ever returning. The others think this is a bad idea, until Flik volunteers to look. Thinking that his search will take a long time, the council decides to accept Flik's request, figuring he'll be away from them long enough to keep from causing further trouble. In another part of the region, a motley crew of bugs are performing in a circus led by a flea, PT Flea. The circus isn't well-attended, most of the audience being flies who jeer and cajole the performers, especially when their acts fail. PT, desperate to keep the flies from leaving, announces a new act call "Flaming Death" where his crew will work together to keep him from being burned. The act fails miserable because the bugs can't coordinate their efforts and PT is burned anyway. He fires them all on the spot. Flik sets off the next day to head for the big city, eventually finding his way into a 'bug bar,' asking around for tough 'warrior bugs.' His attention is suddenly drawn to a group of bugs in a corner, who it seems are preparing to take on a small gang of flies and their huge member, Thud. They make a valiant effort, posing as medieval knights but their ruse fails and the 'bug bar' ends up being wrecked, and Flik misses much of the fight. However, in the aftermath, Flik thinks he's found the perfect guardians to help his colony. He pleads his case to the group, saying how he's been looking for bugs with their talent, and asking for their help regarding the incoming group of grasshoppers. The group eagerly accepts, thinking Flik wants them to perform at a dinner theatre and, hoping to avoid trouble from the bar's owner & the flies they fought with, they head off for Ant Island. When Flik returns, Atta and the elders are shocked that Flik actually found 'warrior bugs.' Atta is at first unsure, but the ladybug of the group. Francis (Dennis Leary), promises that they will knock the grasshoppers 'dead' when they come. A party is then held in honor of the group, including a tribute and art showing the warriors fighting off the grasshoppers. The group then grows leery, realizing they're meant to fight a war for the ants instead of merely performing. Rosie whispers to Flik that they're actually just circus bugs and Flik is horrified, accusing the group of tricking them. When Atta appears, Flik convinces her that the circus bugs will fight for them. Discovering their mutual misunderstanding, the circus bugs attempt to leave, but are forced back by a bird. They work together to save Princess Dot, the Queen's daughter and Atta's sister, from the bird as they flee, gaining the ants' trust in the process. They continue the ruse of being "warriors" so the troupe can continue to enjoy the attention and hospitality of the ants. The bird encounter inspires Flik into creating an artificial bird to scare away Hopper, leader of the grasshoppers. The bird is constructed from sticks and leaves, but the circus bugs are exposed by their former ringmaster, P.T. Flea, when he arrives searching for them. Angered at Flik's deception, the ants exile him and desperately try to pull together enough food for a new offering to the grasshoppers, but fail to do so. When the grasshoppers discover a meager offering upon their arrival, they take control of the entire colony and begin eating the ants' winter store of food. After overhearing Hopper's plan to kill the queen, Dot leaves in search of Flik and the warrior bugs and convinces them to return and save the colony with his original plan. The plan nearly works, but P.T. Flea lights the artificial bird on fire, causing it to crash and be revealed as a fake. Hopper has Flik beaten by his thug, Thumper, in retaliation, but Flik defies Hopper and inspires the entire colony and the warriors to stand up to the grasshoppers and drive them out of the colony. Before Hopper can be disposed of, it begins to rain where the drops of water are like large bombs. In the chaos, Hopper viciously pursues Flik, who leads him to the actual bird's nest. Hopper mistakes the real bird for another fake bird, and taunts it, attracting its attention. The grasshopper is eaten by the bird and its chicks. Some time later, Flik has been welcomed back to the colony, and he and Atta are now a couple. As the troupe departs with the last grasshopper, Molt, as an employee, Atta is crowned the new Queen, while Dot gets the princess' crown. The circus troupe then departs as Flik, Atta and Dot watch and wave farewell in a tree branch. 
 The Wrong Guy (1997)Summaries After his boss is murdered, Nelson is on the run for fear of prosecution. He hides out in a small town to avoid the police, which should be easy because they know he didn't do it and they aren't looking for him. In Cleveland, the histrionic and clumsy executive Nelson Hibbert expects to be promoted to president of the Nigel Industries since he is engaged to the owner's daughter. However, his future father-in-law Mr. Nagel chooses the executive Ken Daly for the position, and Nelson threatens him in front of the board of directors. Later he decides to pay a visit to Mr. Nagel but finds him dead with a knife in his neck. Nelson removes the knife and is covered of blood, becoming hysterical and leaving the office assuming that he is the prime suspect. However, the surveillance cameras disclose the identity of the killer, and while Nelson escapes to Metcaf believing that he is chased by the police, the killer is pursued by the police and tries to eliminate Nelson believing that he is a "super-cop" on his trail. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A nerdy executive (Dave Foley) goes ballistic over being passed over for a promotion to president. Launching into an attack on the new executive in his office, he storms in only to find the man dead with a knife in his neck. Becoming hysterical, he storms out of the office and assumes everyone will think he committed the crime. So naturally he takes off as a fugitive. Only problem is the office cameras caught the crime and have already revealed the murderer. Fleeing to Mexico, the executive runs into the real killer (Colm Feore) who is being pursued by a detective (David Higgins). Naturally he thinks the detective is after him. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 