nm0000167:

 Passenger 57 (1992)431) An airline security expert must take action when he finds himself trapped on a passenger jet when terrorists seize control of it. Air travel is the safest, the FAA says. But the FAA never figured the risk with Charles Rane on board. "The Rane of Terror" has masterminded four terrorist attacks. Soon there will be a fifth -- and that's bad news for the passengers on Flight 163. But there's good news too: the man in seat 57. Wesley Snipes plays John Cutter, an undercover security operative who enters the lavatory and exits to find Rane ( Bruce Payne ) and his gang have taken over. Cutter's next move is clear. Do. Or be done to. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> John Cutter is a security expert, who is presently still mourning the death of his wife. His friend, who works for an airline, offers him the job of chief of security, which he accepts. He is then being flown to L.A. for the company's annual meeting, where he will be introduced as the new Chief of Security. But unfortunately for him, Charles Rane, a stoic and deranged terrorist, who was caught by the FBI and is also being flown to L.A. is on the plane. And Rane's people are on board, who then take over the plane but Cutter throws a monkey wrench into his plans. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. International terrorist Charles Rane (Bruce Payne) is about to undergo plastic surgery to change his appearance in order to evade the law. Outside, federal agents and SWAT teams close in to arrest him. It becomes apparent that the plastic surgeon and his staff are in on the plan. Rane becomes suspicious and makes his escape, killing the surgeon in the process. After a harrowing chase through the city streets, Rane is finally apprehended. Haunted by the shooting death of his wife in a robbery, former police officer John Cutter (Wesley Snipes) has taken a job training flight attendants and security personnel in how to deal with dangerous situations including terrorists. During this particular session, his student is Marti Slayton (Alex Datcher), a flight attendant. When Marti disobeys his instructions, the pair have a brief confrontation. After class, Cutter sees an old friend, Sly Delvecchio (Tom Sizemore), who is there with a job offer: vice-president for the anti-terrorism unit at Atlantic International Airlines, a major carrier. Cutter is at first reluctant, but Delvecchio and the airline's president (Bruce Greenwood) manage to win him over during lunch. Cutter boards Atlantic International Flight 163 to Los Angeles... and his new job. By coincidence, one of the flight attendants on this flight happens to be Marti. Also on board is Rane, in FBI custody, headed to Los Angeles to stand trial for his terrorist activities in the past. Several of Rane's people are aboard the plane, disguised as cabin crew and passengers. When Marti performs a head count after boarding is complete, Cutter happens to be passenger number 57. Mid-flight, Rane is freed when Sabrina Ritchie (Elizabeth Hurley), disguised as a flight attendant, shoots both FBI officers dead. Several other henchmen concurrently spring into action, stealing weapons from the dead officers and taking the plane's passengers hostage. Cutter, in the lavatory during the takeover, emerges and overpowers one of Rane's men. However, Rane responds by executing one of the passengers with a Berreta M9 pistol, making Cutter feel responsible for the man's death. During the confrontation, Cutter and Marti manage to escape, taking the elevator to the plane's lower deck. After a brief fight with one of Rane's men down there, Cutter initiates a fuel dump which forces the Tri Star Lockheed L-1011 to land at a small Louisiana airfield. Cutter manages to escape from the plane, but Marti is captured by another of Rane's men. On the tarmac, Cutter is quickly apprehended by local sheriff's deputies. Meanwhile, Rane has made contact with the local sheriff, Chief Biggs (Ernie Lively). Rane promises to release half the hostages in return for fuel and takeoff clearance. Rane also tells Biggs that Cutter is one of his men, a deserter. When the deputies bring Cutter before Chief Biggs, Biggs orders him taken into custody. As the passengers are being released, Rane and two of his men make their escape. Cutter overpowers the sheriff's deputies, frees himself from his handcuffs, and gives chase on a police motorcycle. Meanwhile, a team of FBI agents arrive, headed by Dwight Henderson (Robert Hooks), who angrily informs Chief Biggs of Cutter's true identity. At a nearby fair, Cutter manages to kill one of the henchmen and engages Rane in a fight just as police reinforcements arrive. Though back in custody, Rane tells the FBI and police that his remaining team aboard the plane will begin to execute the rest of the hostages if he is not returned to the plane and granted takeoff clearance. Cutter, Henderson, and Chief Biggs work out a plan for FBI snipers to take down Rane as he boards the plane, upon which FBI teams will storm the plane and deal with his remaining underlings on board. As Rane boards the plane with an FBI escort, Cutter gives the order to fire. However, the sniper bullets hit Rane's FBI escort, not Rane. Rane's second henchman has taken the place of the FBI snipers (who are shown lying unconscious or dead behind him), and he begins firing at the assembled police and agents. He is killed during the gunfight, but not before Rane makes it safely aboard and the plane begins to take off. With the help of Chief Biggs, Cutter barely manages to get aboard the moving plane via its landing gear. Once aboard, he quickly dispatches Rane's remaining two henchmen, then engages Rane in a prolonged fistfight. Gunfire in the cabin causes explosive cabin decompression, resulting in the main cabin door exploding outward, leaving the cabin open to the sky. As Cutter and Rane continue to fight, they head closer to the open cabin door. Cutter eventually kicks Rane out through the open door, and Rane plunges to his death. The plane lands safely at the Louisiana airfield for the second time that day. Amid congratulations and celebration, Marti and Cutter make their quiet escape into the distance hand in hand. 
 Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery (1997)66) A world-class playboy and part-time secret agent from the 1960s emerges after thirty years in a cryogenic state to battle with his nemesis Dr. Evil. Austin Powers is a 60's spy who is cryonically frozen and released in the 1990's. The world is a very different place for Powers. Unfortunately for Austin, everyone is no longer sex-mad. Although he may be in a different decade, his mission is still the same. He has teamed up with Vanessa Kensington to stop the evil Dr. Evil, who was also frozen in the past. Dr. Evil stole a nuclear weapon and is demanding a payment of (when he realises its the 90's) 100 billion dollars. Can Austin Powers stop this madman? or will he caught up with Evil's henchman, with names like Alotta Fagina and Random Task? Only time will tell! simon A 1960's British hipster secret agent Austin Powers is brought out of cryofreeze to oppose his greatest arch-enemy Dr. Evil into the 1990s. 30 years later, Austin was then released and is now thawed back into action to once again battle Dr. Evil where he wakes up somewhere in Nevada and steals a nuclear weapon and holds the world hostage. After Austin is woken up to stop Dr. Evil he gets a new sexy sidekick Miss Vanessa Kensington, his ex-partner's daughter and they go to Vegas where they must stop Dr. Evil's outrageous plot to control the world for 100 billion dollars! Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} It's a smashing shagadelic party as Mike Myers and Elizabeth Hurley star in a non-stop, hilarious comedy adventure. Frozen in the '60s, secret agent Austin Powers (Myers) is thawed back into action to once again battle his archenemy Dr. Evil. With his sexy sidekick Ms. Kensington (Hurley), Austin must stop Dr. Evil's outrageous plot to control the world. But first, this time-warped swinger must get hip quick and discover that there's no free love in the '90s. An all-star supporting cast including Michael York, Robert Wagner, Mimi Rogers and Carrie Fisher make Austin Powers: International Man Of Mystery a wacky, far-out trip you won't forget. British secret agent Austin Powers was placed into cryostasis at the end of the 60s, in case a spy of his talent was ever needed again. A spoof spy movie ensues when he's thawed out in the 90s... Jim Sabo In 1967, after burning most of his henchmen, Dr. Evil sets a trap for Austin Powers, but freezes himself so Austin won't catch him. Austin then volunteers to be frozen in case Dr. Evil shows up again. 30 years later, Dr. Evil wakes up in Nevada and steals a nuclear weapon and holds the world hostage for 1 million dollars. Sorry, 100 billion dollars. Austin is woken up to stop Dr. Evil but gets Vanessa Kensington, his ex-partner's daughter and goes to Vegas to look for Evil, but finds out there is no longer any free love in the 90's, or Swinging. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bedazzled (2000)431) Hopeless dweeb Elliot Richards is granted seven wishes by the Devil to snare Allison, the girl of his dreams, in exchange for his soul. Elliot Richards, a socially awkward IT worker, is given seven wishes to get the girl of his dreams when he meets up with a very seductive Satan. The catch: his soul. Some of his wishes include being a 7 foot basketball star, a wealthy, powerful man, and a sensitive caring guy. But, as could be expected, the Devil must put her own little twist on each his fantasies. MrGreen Elliot Richards, a socially incompetent technical advisor working at a call-center, has had a crush on Alison Gardner for nearly four years. One evening, which already started particularly bad for Elliot, she ditches him. Elliot wishes for her to be in his life with all his heart - and is heard. An incredibly beautiful young lady addresses Elliot, and after introducing herself as the Devil, Lucifer, the Princess of Darkness, she offers him a deal: Seven wishes for him, his Soul for her. Quickly, Elliot is convinced and accepts. But every wish he gets fulfilled has massive disadvantages as well, and soon Elliot wants to get out of the contract. The only thing that matters to him now is being able to take his chances by himself. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Elliot Richards (Brendan Fraser) is a geeky and overeager man working a dead-end job in a San Francisco call-center. He has no friends and his co-workers who manipulate him, know he will do anything for acceptance. He has a crush on his colleague, Alison Gardner (Frances O'Connor), but lacks the courage to ask her out. After Elliot is ditched at a bar while trying to talk to Alison, he says that he would give anything for Alison to be with him. Satan (Elizabeth Hurley), in the form of a beautiful woman, offers to give Elliot seven wishes in return for his soul. As a test, he wishes for a Big Mac and Coke. Satan takes him to McDonalds and places the order. Elliot has to pay for it, because, "there ain't no such thing as a free lunch." After taking Elliot to her nightclub in Oakland, Satan convinces Elliot to sign her contract, and delivers further wishes. Elliot wishes to be rich and powerful, with Alison as his wife. Satan makes him a Colombian drug lord whose wife despises him. Satan points out that he never wished for Alison to love him. Secondly, Elliot wishes to be emotionally sensitive, but Satan makes him so sensitive he spends much of his time crying over how beautiful the world is, and constantly asks Alison whether he has hurt her. Alison says she wants to be with a man who is strong and shallow, and leaves Elliot for a man who is strong, rude and completely different from the romantic and emotionally sensitive Elliot. Elliot then wishes to be a superstar athlete who would be a woman magnet. Satan makes him a seven-foot-plus tall basketball star, but also gives him a small penis and equally low IQ, which causes Alison to lose interest in him. He then wishes to be intelligent, witty and well-endowed. Satan grants this by making him a famous writer whom Alison falls in love with. When they arrive at Elliot's home to make love it is revealed that Elliot is gay and living with a male partner. Lastly, Elliot wishes to be President of the United States to try to improve the world. Satan makes him Abraham Lincoln at Ford's Theatre on the night of his assassination. After each wish is renounced, Elliot meets with Satan and she blames him for not being specific enough. Eventually he returns to work, thinking about what he should do with the last two wishes. Satan appears, pointing out that on their first meeting he asked for a Big Mac and Coke, although she had stated that it was a test wish. Elliot loses his patience and storms out of his office. Elliot visits a church looking for God's help, where he briefly confesses to a priest who seems sympathetic. However, after being asked whether he thinks asking Satan for a Big Mac and Coke counts as a wish, the priest has Elliot arrested. The sergeant books him, and Satan, dressed as a police officer, throws him in a cell, telling him that she does like him, and it would not hurt to have her as a friend. Elliot's cellmate, (Gabriel Casseus) tells him that he cannot possibly sell his soul as it belongs to God, and although Satan may try to confuse him, in the end he will realise who he truly is, and what his purpose is. Elliot questions the man as to his identity, but the response is simply "a really good friend". Elliot asks Satan to cancel their contract. When Satan refuses, Elliot states he will not use his final wish. Satan teleports them to Hell, where she transforms first into a black horned monster, then into a giant. When Satan pushes him to make a final wish, Elliot wishes that Alison could have a happy life. Satan sighs and Elliot falls into the depths of Hell. Elliot wakes up on a marble staircase, wondering if it is Heaven. Satan tells him that it is a courthouse and that a selfless wish voids the contract, so he keeps his soul. Elliot admits that despite her manipulation of him he has come to like Satan and regards her as a friend, something she does not object to. She replies that Heaven and Hell can be found on Earth; it is up to humans to choose. Elliot asks Alison out, only to learn that she is already dating somebody. He continues with his life, but with a better understanding of who he is. Later Elliot is confronted by Bob, one of his co-workers, who makes fun of his attempts to be cool. Elliot loses his temper and grabs Bob by the shirt, but lets go, simply saying "Nice talking to you." A threatening look sends his other coworkers scurrying. At home, he meets a new neighbor, Nicole Delarusso, whose looks and personality resemble Alison's and has dressing styles similar to his. He offers to help her unpack and they begin a relationship. While the two walk along a boulevard, Satan and Elliot's cellmate, both dressed in white, are seen playing chess. 
 Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me (1999)541) Dr. Evil is back and has invented a new time machine that allows him to go back to the 1960s and steal Austin Powers' mojo, inadvertently leaving him "shagless". Dr. Evil uses a device he calls a "Time Machine" to travel back to 1969 and remove Austin Powers' mojo. The sexually wounded swinger must travel back in time and, with the help of agent Felicity Shagwell, recover his vitality. Meanwhile, Dr. Evil's personal life runs amok as he discovers love, continues to shun his son and develops a close relationship with himself. Well, actually, a clone 1/8 his size whom he dubs "Mini-Me". The always time-baffled Dr. Evil begins his plan to put a gigantic cannon on the moon, thus turning it into a device called either "The Death Star" or "Alan Parson's Project," depending on which name is available. Michael "Rabbit" Hutchison <rabhutch@spacestar.net> 2 years after he awoke after 30 years in suspended animation and he defeated his nemesis Dr. Evil from detonating a nuclear bomb in the core of the planet, sex-obsessed 60's British secret agent Austin Powers, still on his honeymoon, learns his wife Vanessa is a fem-bot, created by Dr. Evil to assassinate him. But for Austin it is about to get a lot worse when Dr. Evil travels back through time to the year 1969 and he steals Austin's Mojo (Austin's body-fluid that makes him attractive to the opposite sex) leaving Austin shagless. Travelling back into 1969, Austin teams up with sexy CIA agent Felicity Shagwell as both Austin and Felicity must not only recover Austin's mojo, they must also stop Dr. Evil from wiping out Washington D.C. with a laser gun Dr. Evil has constructed on the moon. Can Austin defeat Dr. Evil again? Daniel Williamson Dr. Evil returns from space just as British spy Austin Powers learns on his honeymoon that his wife is a fembot in Evil's control. Back on the singles scene, Powers discovers he's impotent because Evil has used a time machine to return to the late 60s and steal his libido. British intelligence also has a time portal, so Powers goes back to 1969 to recapture his mojo and, teaming with agent Felicity Shagwell, to stop another Evil plot to take over the world, this time with a "laser" beamed from the moon. Subplots involve Evil's son Scott's discovery of who his mother is, Evil's affection for a clone one-eighth his size, and the machinations of an obese Scot named Fat Bastard. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. NATOs monitoring facility observes the return of Dr. Evil (Mike Myers) and informs British intelligence. At Dr. Evils Seattle headquarters, Dr. Evil is presented with a one-eighth-size clone of himself (Verne Troyer) whom he calls Mini-Me. Number Two (Robert Wagner), who survived his incineration towards the end of the previous film, also reveals the enormous profits they have made by legitimately investing in a previously unknown startup company called "Starbucks". However, Dr. Evil is unimpressed and unveils his latest evil planhe has developed a time machine to go back to the sixties and steal Austin Powers (also Mike Myers) mojo, a fluid inside his body that's the source of Austin's skills and his sexual prowess. Meanwhile, back in 1999, Austin is still enjoying his honeymoon with his wifethe former Vanessa Kensington (Elizabeth Hurley). Unfortunately, something goes amiss, and it turns out that she is actually one of Dr. Evils kamikaze fembots who attempts to kill Austin, but eventually self-destructs. He proceeds to the lobby naked and celebrates being single again. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me go back to 1969 and meet up with a younger Number Two (Rob Lowe) and (a not-so-young) Frau Farbissina (Mindy Sterling). A disgruntled Scottish Guard with unusual eating habits called Fat Bastard (again, Mike Myers) has been hired to extract Austins mojo from his frozen body at the Ministry of Defence Cryo Chamber. British intelligence warns Austin that one of Dr Evils agents is after him, and during a photo shoot the wanton Ivana Humpalot (Kristen Johnston) seduces him, but at the last moment she admits to her orders and claims he is too sexy. They then proceed to have sex in her bed. Unfortunately they do not get far before he discovers that he has lost his mojo. The MOD learns that Dr. Evil has developed a time machine and sends Austin back to 1969 with its own time travel device, in a convertible Volkswagen New Beetle painted with 60's LSD-themed colours. Austin arrives back at a party in his London pad and with the assistance of a CIA agent, Felicity Shagwell (Heather Graham), escapes another assassination attempt by two of Dr. Evils operatives. However, the two of them are chased by Mustafa (Will Ferrell), yet another of Dr. Evil's henchmen, and when caught he reveals the existence of a secret volcano lair (due to an inability to withhold the answer should he be asked the exact same question three times in a row), but is prevented from divulging its location by the intervention of Mini-Me. After examining photographs from the crime scene at MOD headquarters, Austin identifies Fat Bastard as the perpetrator of the theft. At Dr. Evils secret volcano lair, Fat Bastard arrives with Austins mojo. Dr. Evil drinks some of it and engages in some private time with Frau Farbissina. This results in an awkward sometime after situation when Frau reveals that she is late. However, at the same moment Scott Evil arrives through the time portal. Dr. Evil announces his latest plan: to hold the United States and the whole world ransom by threatening to destroy Washington D.C., and then additional major cities each hour, using a giant laser on the moon. In London, Austin and Felicity get to know each other, but he has to reject her advances owing to the loss of his mojo. Under MOD instructions to implant a homing device, Felicity seduces Fat Bastard. Unfortunately, it is left in a public toilet, but a stool sample from the scene reveals traces of a rare vegetable that only grows on one Caribbean island. Austin and Felicity arrive on the island but are apprehended. They are put in a cell with a single guard who is overcome by the fact that Felicity shows off her breasts, upon which the mesmerized guard falls into a pool of lava. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me leave for the moon to install the giant laser and are followed by Austin and Felicity, who hitch a ride on Apollo 11. In Dr. Evils moon base, Austin battles with Mini-Me, whom he eventually flushes into space. As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, the giant laser is fired, but Austin manages to divert it and save Washington D.C., although Felicity is killed by poison gas. However, using Dr. Evils time portal Austin travels back ten minutes and meets up with himself to save both the world and Felicity. Foiled again, Dr. Evil initiates the self-destruction mechanism of the moon base and escapes in his rocket after throwing the bottle of Austin's mojo in the air. He fails to catch it and it crashes on the floor, destroyed, but Felicity points out that all the things he has done show that he never really lost it in the first place. With seconds to spare they escape through the time portal to 1999. Fat Bastard makes another attempt to assassinate Austin, but is kicked in the crotch by Felicity. Finally, Dr. Evil recovers Mini-Me from space and once again vows to "get" Austin Powers. Later, on Jerry Springer Scott (Seth Green) learns he was not created in a test tube but is actually the love child of Dr. Evil and Frau Farbissina. There are two Austins in 1999 as both Austins escaped Dr. Evil's moon base using the time machine, Austin #1 finds Felicity sleeping with Austin #2. 