nm0007211:

 Raya and the Last Dragon (2021)431) In a realm known as Kumandra, a re-imagined Earth inhabited by an ancient civilization, a warrior named Raya is determined to find the last dragon. Long ago, in the fantasy world of Kumandra, humans and dragons lived together in harmony. However, when sinister monsters known as the Druun threatened the land, the dragons sacrificed themselves to save humanity. Now, 500 years later, those same monsters have returned, and it's up to a lone warrior to track down the last dragon and stop the Druun for good. Five long centuries after the selfless sacrifice of the magical dragons, the once-peaceful land of Kumandra, where humans lived harmoniously alongside the mystical creatures, is in disarray, divided into five nations. With warring factions, distrust, and the unstoppable menace of the Druun wreaking havoc on Kumandra, Raya, the sword-wielding Princess of Heart, and fearless Guardian of the Dragon Gem, embarks on a peril-laden quest to track down a benevolent mythical being and heal the land. Will Raya find mighty Sisu, the last dragon? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 500 years prior, Kumandra was a prosperous land when evil spirits called the Druun began to ravage everything. They absorbed souls, turning those into stone. Eventually, the dragons of Kumandra used what was left of their magic to create an orb that not only warded off the Druun, but also restored everyone to life, with the exception of the dragons who remained turned to stone. The people all wanted the power of the orb which ultimately divided them into tribes based on their placement of a giant river made to resemble a dragon: Fang, Heart, Tail, Spine and Talon. Heart Tribe acquired the orb and has been guarding it ever since. 500 years later, Chief Benga of the Heart Tribe has been training his daughter Raya to guard the orb. Despite this, he still believes that all the nations will set aside their differences and become Kumandra again. He resolves to invite all the nations over for a feast. Raya ends up befriending the daughter of Chief Virana of the Fang Tribe, Namaari, due to their shared interest in dragons. Namaari gives Raya a dragon pendant and she in turn shows her the location of the orb. However, Namaari betrays Raya and soon the Fang Tribe attempt to steal the orb. The rest of the tribes find out and a fight breaks out, resulting in the orb smashing to pieces. The Druun suddenly reawaken as each of the tribes steal a piece. Raya tries to rescue Benga, but he tells her to flee with the piece she has as he turns to stone. Six years later, Raya has been searching for the end of a stream to summon Sisu, the dragon who supposedly created the orb and the only surviving member of the species, to help her recover the missing orb pieces. She ends up in what is left of the desert like Tail Tribe and manages to summon Sisu. She admits that she did not create the orb and that her older siblings did, but finds that she can use their powers when she holds onto a piece. They find what is left of the Tail Temple and recover the second piece with Sisu now gaining the ability to turn into a human. They encounter Namaari and her tribe, but the two of them manage to escape on a boat driven by a young entrepreneur named Boun, who had lost his family to the Druun. Despite Boun being friendly, Raya refuses to divulge that Sisu is a dragon, nor tell him of her quest, confusing Sisu. They arrive at the Talon Tribe, who have built their homes over the water to protect themselves against the Druun, as Raya tries to find their leader so that she can reclaim the orb piece. While out in the town, Raya encounters a "con baby" named Little Noi and her trio of monkey-like companions the Ongis, who adopted her after her mother was lost to the Druun. After a chase, Raya decides to hire them to help her. Sisu goes into town to look for a gift, as she thinks it is better than fighting, only to run into the real tribe leader who threatens her. Raya rescues her and reclaims the piece, which allows Sisu to make smoke clouds, and make it back to Boun with Noi and the Ongis joining them. The group arrive at the Spine Tribe with Raya and Sisu attempting to enter the village. They are caught by the sole survivor of the tribe, a fearsome warrior named Tong, who actually does not know what to do with them. The rest of the group arrive to warn them of Namaari's arrival. Raya holds her off in a fight while the others escape. However, Sisu reverts to her dragon form and fends off Namaari and the Fang Tribe. Before leaving, Namaari is moved by the appearance of Sisu. She returns to Virana to tell her, but she instead demands that she reclaim the pieces and the dragon as she fears that the other tribes will try to take what they have. Back at the boat, Raya finally comes clean to her party about Sisu and they agree to work together with Tong giving the orb piece he had been guarding and allowing Sisu to gain the ability to summon the rains. As they get close to the Fang Tribe, Raya suggests breaking in to reclaim the final piece, but Sisu suggests giving them a gift and asking it back. When Raya refuses, Sisu takes her back to what is left of the Heart Tribe and reveals the fate of her siblings. While Sisu did not create the orb, her siblings trusted her enough to do the right thing with it. Raya gives in and decides to give Namaari the dragon pendant as a piece offering so that she can rejoin the rest of the orb pieces. Raya and Sisu meet privately with Namaari, but as soon as she shows the remainder of the orb pieces, Namaari holds a crossbow to them. Sisu tries to talk her down, but Raya, sensing that Namaari will shoot, attacks her, causing Sisu to get hit by the arrow and falls into a river. Namaari flees as the water, which protected the Fang Tribe against the Druun, begins to recede. The Fang Tribe is attacked by the Druun as Raya enters to confront Namaari, who is grieving Virana's fate at the hands of the Druun. The two fight while Tong, Boun, Noi and the Ongis rescue the people from the Druun. Raya prepares to strike down Namaari, but she tells her that she has lost everything and does not care anymore. Raya comes to her senses and she goes to help her friends. Namaari in turn helps the group using her orb piece. As the pieces start losing power, they fall into a pit and are surrounded by the Druun. Raya tells them that they need to put the pieces together, but her friends refuse to help Namaari. To show her faith, Raya puts her piece down and allows the Druun to take her. One by the one the rest follow with Namaari putting the pieces together and getting consumed by the Druun afterwards. The plan works and the Druun are vanquished as everyone is brought back to life. The dragons are all brought back to life as they revive Sisu who thanks Raya for trusting others. Everyone returns to their significant others as Raya returns home to be reunited with Benga. She introduces him to Sisu as all the tribes come together peacefully to celebrate. 
 ER (19942009)Summaries The lives, loves and losses of the doctors and nurses of Chicago's County General Hospital. Michael Crichton has created a medical drama that chronicles life and death in a Chicago hospital emergency room. Each episode tells the tale of another day in the ER, from the exciting to the mundane, and the joyous to the heart-rending. Frenetic pacing, interwoven plot lines, and emotional rollercoastering is used to attempt to accurately depict the stressful environment found there. This show even portrays the plight of medical students in their quest to become physicians. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> A TV medical drama that overlooks and chronicles the daily personal/working lives of a team of ER Doctors, Nurses, Patients and the people around them who work in Cook County General Teaching Hospital. Through this we see the heartbreak, triumph, loss and love they experience and sacrifice to try and save lives and to deal with their personal issues. kianhc It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 People Like Us (2012)541) While settling his recently deceased father's estate, a salesman discovers he has a sister whom he never knew about, leading both siblings to re-examine their perceptions about family and life choices. Workaholic and sleazy businessman Sam is extremely reluctant to leave New York and go to his father's funeral. When he finally arrives, it becomes apparent that his mother and girlfriend are disappointed in him for "running away" whenever times get too emotional. Soon afterwards, he discovers that his father was sleeping around with another woman, and that Sam actually has a half-sister whom he never knew existed. His father has willed her $150,000 and has left Sam with the task of getting it to her. Frankie is a bartender also wrapped up in work just like her half-brother, and she has had a bad past and has now been left with the job of being a single parent to her troublemaker son, Josh. Josh is eleven years old but curses like a sailor and constantly makes fart jokes and sex jokes, making him popular with the bad kid crowd at school, although behind the act, Josh is depressed and lonely. Now Sam has to find a way to fix the past and reunite his mom, nephew and half-sister together at last, but it won't be easy. GasmaskProductionsBooks New York based Sam Harper - a "salesman" who works for Allied Barter Trade, which deals solely in bartering overstocked goods and as such does not pay corporate taxes with no money trading hands - does whatever he can, besides coming right out and saying so, that he does not want to attend his father's funeral in Los Angeles. The reason is that he didn't much like his father, Jerry Harper, a music business executive, who he felt treated him distantly his entire life. By association, he has a strained relationship with his mother, Lillian Harper, for purposefully staying out of her and Jerry's lives, she more being collateral damage in Jerry and Sam's estrangement. Regardless, Sam's supportive girlfriend, Hannah, is able to get him onto a plane to Los Angeles. Sam learns from Ike Rafferty, the family's lawyer, that Jerry has a post-mortem task for him: to deliver a shaving kit to Josh Davis, the kit filled with $150,000 cash. Sam further learns that eleven year old Josh, a smart-aleck of a boy prone to acting out, is the son of single working mom and recovering alcoholic Frankie Davis, the half sister (i.e. Jerry's illegitimate daughter) he never knew he had, and that Frankie knew of Jerry being her father, who dropped out of her life when she was only a child. With all this knowledge at hand, Jerry contemplates if he will hand the money over to Frankie and Josh, especially as he is facing not only money but legal issues back in New York stemming from a barter situation gone bad, let alone if he will introduce himself to her as her half brother. Sam does decide to speak and ultimately get to know Frankie, which may further factor into what he decides to do, he knowing that the longer he waits to tell her truth, the harder it will be both for him and for her. Huggo A businessman (Chris Pine) discovers a ruinous family secret during a return trip home to attend the funeral of his estranged father. In the wake of this life-altering revelation, he embarks on a trans-formative journey that will forever alter the way he looks at life, love, and family. Star Trek screenwriter Alex Kurtzman makes his feature directorial debut with this heartfelt drama co-written by Roberto Orci and Jody Lambert, and featuring Elizabeth Banks. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story centers around Sam (Pine), a fast-talking salesman whose latest deal collapses on the day he learns that his father has suddenly dies. Against his wishes, Sam is called home, where he uncovers a startling secret that turns his entire world upside down: He has a sister he never knew about (Elizabeth banks). As their relationship develops, Sam is forced to re-think everything he thought he knew about his family, and re-examine his own life choices in the process. 
 W.I.T.C.H. (20042006)Summaries Five teenage girls learn that they have been chosen to guard the walls between parallel universes. For this purpose, they have been given the powers of the elements. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 