nm0002905:

 The Bourne Identity (2002)431) A man is picked up by a fishing boat, bullet-riddled and suffering from amnesia, before racing to elude assassins and attempting to regain his memory. When a body is recovered at sea still alive, the mystery man (Damon) seems to have forgotten everything in life, including who he was. Eventually he begins to remember smaller details in life and soon finds out that his name was Jason Bourne. What he doesn't like is the gun and fake passports belonging to him. Now Bourne, and his new friend, Marie Helena Kreutz (Potente) travel from country to country in search of his new identity. But someone is not happy to see him alive, and is frantically trying to track him down. Peet On a stormy night, a young man is pulled out of the Mediterranean Sea by the crew of a fishing boat. Thinking the young man is dead, a curious fisherman with a scalpel finds two bullets in his back and a miniature laser device in his hip. The laser reveals a Swiss bank account number. But our wet hero isn't dead, and soon finds himself in Zurich. In the bank vault the young man discovers his name, Jason Bourne. In addition, he finds a baffling pile of different passports, all with his picture, and a huge pile of cash. In the U.S. Embassy, Jason Bourne discovers his love interest and travel partner, Marie, along with the fact that someone wants to kill him. Armed with a bag of money and mysterious martial arts skills, with Marie by his side, Bourne scours Paris for clues about his identity and past life... and finds himself in the middle of two assassination plots masterminded by the CIA. Joshua Bess Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An Italian fishing boat crew working off the coast of Marseille, France finds an unconscious man (Matt Damon) adrift in the Mediterranean with two gunshot wounds in his back. The man awakens on board, and very soon he comes to realize he suffers from retrograde amnesia, having only one clue to his identity: the account number to a safe deposit box provided by a tiny laser projector surgically implanted in his hip. He uses the information and travels to Zrich, Switzerland to find the corresponding bank and discovers he is skilled in advanced hand-to-hand combat and fluent in German when he instinctively defends himself from two policemen questioning him for loitering in a closed park at night. The man arrives at the bank and finds the deposit box contains a significant amount of cash in different currencies, a handgun, and several passports with his photo, but with numerous aliases and nationalities. He assumes the identity of the top passport, "Jason Bourne", and leaves. A bank employee notifies a CIA Special Activities Division group, "Operation Treadstone," about his visit, and the police arrive on the scene. Bourne manages to escape and flees to the U.S. consulate, where he is accosted by the officials there but once again manages to elude capture. A few blocks away, Bourne approaches Marie Kreutz (Franka Potente) and offers her US$20,000 to take him to Paris to the address on his "Bourne" passport. Meanwhile, back at CIA headquarters, Alexander Conklin (Chris Cooper), the head of Treadstone, reveals to his supervisor, Deputy Director Ward Abbott (Brian Cox), that Bourne was the covert operative responsible for a failed assassination attempt on exiled African dictator Nykwana Wombosi (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje). Intending to sever all connections between the CIA and Wombosi, Conklin sends three highly-trained "assets" (assassins) to eliminate Bourne. Bourne and Marie arrive at the apartment in Paris, where he finds that one of his aliases, "John Michael Kane," was supposedly killed two weeks ago. The first asset, code-named "Castel" (Nicky Naude), ambushes them but Bourne subdues him after a brief fight. Marie checks Castel's bag and panics when she discovers a hit list package with photos of CCTV footage of her and Bourne at the embassy the day before. As Bourne tries to calm her down, Castel escapes and jumps out the window to his death before Bourne can learn anything else from him. Conklin enlists Nicolette "Nicky" Parsons ([link=nm0005466), a logistics technician at the Treadstone Paris safe house, to assist him in tracking Bourne and Marie. Bourne goes to meet Wombosi to obtain more information but the second asset, code-named "The Professor" (Clive Owen), kills Wombosi before Bourne arrives. With the news of Wombosi's death, Bourne surmises he was an assassin before the onset of his amnesia. Bourne and Marie flee to the home of her stepbrother in the countryside where Bourne decides that he no longer wants to be who he was before. Back at the CIA headquarters, Conklin tracks Bourne and Marie to the countryside house. The next morning, The Professor tries to snipe Bourne but Bourne creates a diversion and dispatches him in a cropfield, having sneaked out. As he dies, The Professor tells Bourne about their mutual connection to Treadstone. Bourne sends Marie and her stepbrother away for her safety, then uses The Professor's cell phone to arrange a meeting with Conklin to bring him out into the open so he can track him. Bourne tails Conklin back to the Paris safe house where Conklin tells him that he (Bourne) planned the entire operation to kill Wombosi. The revelation triggers Bourne's memory and through successive flashbacks Bourne remembers he used the Kane alias to infiltrate Wombosi's entourage but couldn't bring himself to kill Wombosi because Wombosi's children were present with him. He aborted the mission and tried to flee the boat, but he was shot twice by Wombosi and fell overboard from Wombosi's yacht into the Mediterranean, where the Italian fishermen later found him. Bourne tells Conklin he is quitting Treadstone and warns them not to follow him. After knocking Conklin out, Bourne engages in a shootout with several other Treadstone agents in the building. Bourne is wounded during the gunfight but kills the other agents and escapes the building. After Bourne has escaped, Conklin orders Nicky to close down the safe house, and shortly afterwards is murdered by the third asset, code-named "Manheim" (Russell Levy), on orders from Abbott. Some time later, Abbott explains to an oversight committee that he shut down Treadstone because of its ineffective cost benefit ratio and proposes a new program, "Operation Blackbriar." Bourne, now free from the CIA, travels to Mykonos, Greece, where he reunites with Marie, who runs a scooter shop, and the two share an embrace. 
 Blade Runner 2049 (2017)761) Young Blade Runner K's discovery of a long-buried secret leads him to track down former Blade Runner Rick Deckard, who's been missing for thirty years. Thirty years after the events of Blade Runner (1982), a new Blade Runner, L.A.P.D. Officer "K" (Ryan Gosling), unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. K's discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford), a former L.A.P.D. Blade Runner, who has been missing for thirty years. Warner Bros. Pictures In 2049, with the powerful Tyrell Corporation under the control of the idealistic scientist, Niander Wallace, the bio-engineered replicants, Nexus-9, seem to have integrated seamlessly into society. Purposed to eradicate the outdated rebellious Nexus models, LAPD's officer "K", a new generation of Blade Runners, stumbles upon a dangerous and well-hidden secret that could easily undermine the already fragile stability in the world. Little by little, as "K" tries to piece the evidence together, he comes to realise that one man is the key element in this mystery: the retired Blade Runner (1982) , Rick Deckard, who has either disappeared or gone underground. But, is "K" allowed to unearth the truth? Nick Riganas Rick Deckard has vanished. The notorious Blade Runner has been missing since 2019 when he and Rachael escaped from the authorities, and in the process, also avoided the economic and social downfalls of the early 2020s. It's now 2049. Replicants are now closer to humans than ever before, and Blade Runners are still used to "retire" the older models that went into hiding from the notorious "Blackout" of 2022. In Deckard's place, "K" has taken the mantle of Los Angeles' top Blade Runner. However, his world turns upside down when he discovers a box. Johnny 2049. It's been approximately two decades since the Tyrell Corporation, the creators and original manufacturers of replicants (bioengineered superhumans), went bankrupt, a new generation of replicants manufactured by industrialist Niander Wallace who saved the world with his replicants in establishing synthetic farming in light of collapsing natural ecosystems. While the replicants of the Tyrell era are now outlawed in they having violently rebelled, they "retired" (aka destroyed) by blade runners, the Wallace era replicants, which have been programmed to obey, are seen as necessary to society. Many current day blade runners are Wallace era replicants. K, short for his serial number KD6-3.7, is one such blade runner working for the LAPD under Lieutenant Joshi. On one of his assignments, K discovers what he believes are human remains, but on forensic examination are actually the remains of a female replicant who has signs of having given birth during her life, presumably to a human baby. Joshi, fearing the worst of what this finding actually means and it getting into the wrong hands, orders K to discover and destroy any evidence of this finding, which includes locating the baby, probably now grown, and destroying him/her. As K discovers some further evidence to this story concerning his own history (each replicant which is implanted with a manufactured and thus not real history), K begins to suspect that this story may be a little more than just a professional assignment to him and which may jeopardize his future beyond that information getting into the wrong hands with which he will also have to deal. Huggo Officer K, a new blade runner for the Los Angeles Police Department, unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. His discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard, a former blade runner who's been missing for 30 years. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens in 2049, thirty years after the events of the first film. An on-screen text states that the Tyrell Corporation has collapsed decades before, in the wake of violent revolts involving their Nexus-6 through -8 Replicants, forcing the company into bankruptcy. After the world's ecosystems collapsed in the mid 2020s, famine swept the Earth, killing millions. With his invention of synthetic farming, a wealthy businessman named Niander Wallace (Jared Leto) ended food shortages and acquired Tyrell's remaining assets to form his own corporation. The Wallace Company has reinvigorated the Replicant industry by mass producing the Nexus-9 Replicants, a new generation of artificial humans with modified behavior to make them more obedient than the older models. These Replicants have implanted memories and open-ended lifespans, and are still used for slave labor on the off-world colonies (the Moon, Mars, and the moons of Jupiter, Saturn, etc.), but some are also used as Blade Runner units, hunting down and "retiring" the few remaining older model Replicants that are still at large. In the opening scene, Agent K (Ryan Gosling), one of these Nexus-9 Replicants, travels to a protein farm outside Los Angeles in his flying Spinner vehicle, where he has tracked down an older model Replicant called Sapper Morton (Dave Bautista), who was part of a group of Series 8 Replicants that had gone AWOL. After a brief but violent fight, Morton tells him that as a newer model, K cannot come close to knowing what it means to be human. He implies that K would never help humans kill his own kind if he had ever witnessed the kind of "miracle" that he has. K retires him and is ready to leave when he notices a flower placed beside a dead tree in the desolate landscape next to the farm. This prompts him to thoroughly scan the area, which reveals a chest buried under the ground. He requests his office to send a forensic team to unearth it. K returns to the LAPD office, where he undergoes a standard 'baseline test' for Replicants and passes it. He then goes home to his apartment in a seedy area of town. He spends his time at home with a holographic woman named Joi (Ana de Armas), a futuristic form of AI (Artificial Intelligence) and has apparently formed a deep bond with her, despite the fact that they cannot physically interact. For this reason, he has bought her a mobile hologram projector which allows him to free her program from its home-based console. He can now take Joi outside on the top of his apartment building in the pouring rain, and it also allows her program to touch objects. Joi is extremely happy, but K is called back to the station before they can experiment with Joi's new capabilities any further. Downtown, the Forensics team has discovered that the chest contains a human skeleton and a lock of hair. They belong to a female who most likely had complications during childbirth 30 years before. Superficial cuts in the bones suggest an emergency Cesarean section as the cause of death. Upon closer inspection, K locates a serial number engraved on one of the woman's bones, indicating that the skeleton wasn't from a human, but a Replicant female. The identification causes quite a stir since Replicants were previously unable to reproduce. K's superior, Lieutenant Joshi (Robin Wright), reminds him that if the public knew that the line between humans and Replicants is blurring, or disappearing altogether, it would tear apart what remains of civilization. She commands the team to destroy the evidence, and orders K to burn down the farm, track down the Replicant child, and retire it, despite the mixed feelings he may have about retiring something that was born - and has a soul. Before leaving, K takes some of the female Replicant's hair. K goes to the Wallace Company to inquire about the serial number and hair of the female replicant. It is housed in the old Tyrell pyramid, although now much more austerely lit. A clerk tells him that the number belongs to an older model Replicant; information may be hard to find, given the fact that an EMP (Electro Magnetic Pulse) event called the 'Blackout' in 2022 destroyed almost every digital file the company had before that date. All that remains is some raw hard-copy data. Fortunately, there appears to be something left. K is helped by a Replicant woman called Luv (Sylvia Hoeks), who gives him access to what appears to be an old memory file containing an audio recording. It belonged to an experimental Replicant named Rachael, who went missing 30 years before. She can be heard talking to a Blade Runner called Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford). K detects a very strong connection between the two. Luv thanks K for finally being able to close the case on Rachael. K does some research on Deckard, and finds his old colleague Gaff (Edward James Olmos) who is now living in a retirement home. Gaff tells him that Deckard and Rachel fell in love, and eloped. K asks if Gaff knew that Deckard would one day leave society; Gaff confirms, saying that there was something in Deckard's eyes that told him he was finished hunting Replicants. Luv reports what she has learned to Wallace, who is blind but can see with the help of small drones. He is just witnessing the activation of a new female Replicant. He seems sympathetic to his creation, yet he also carelessly slashes the woman's abdomen, apparently frustrated by the fact that she cannot bear children. He laments that humanity has only founded less than ten off-world colonies; in order to spread out, much more Replicants will be necessary. The only way he can meet the ever-growing demand for more Replicants is to engineer specimens who can procreate. Tyrell obviously learned how to do this, but his records were destroyed in the Blackout. The only way to learn Tyrell's secrets is to find Rachael's child. He commands Luv (who is emotionally shaken by his actions but remains obedient) to obtain Rachael's remains and follow K to locate the child. Meanwhile, K is walking through the city's entertainment district to buy dinner, where a mysteriously cloaked woman commands three Replicant prostitutes to find out what he knows. One of them, Mariette (Mackenzie Davis), tries to seduce him for sex, but noticing he carries a holographic projector, she figures that he is not into "real girls", and leaves. In the meantime, Luv has entered the police station to retrieve Rachael's remains, coldly killing the forensic agent who discovers her doing it. K returns to Sapper's farm and locates a baby sock and a picture of another woman holding the baby, implying that Sapper and several other Replicants have been protecting Rachael's secret for decades. He also finds a date carved into the bottom of the tree, 6-10-21, which visibly upsets him. He burns the farm and returns to LA. Reporting his findings to Joshi, she tells him about the disappearance of Rachael's remains, and asks him about his most precious childhood memory. Even though he knows that it must be an implanted one, K says that he clearly remembers being chased through an old factory as a kid by a group of older boys. They wanted to take away his wooden carving of a horse, so he hid it inside an old furnace. K remembers that the horse had a date on it, the exact same date carved into the rock, a fact that he doesn't share with Joshi. Joshi suggests he try the DNA bank to identify the child. Assuming that the date carved in the tree and the horse is meant to be a date of birth, K starts to dig into the DNA bank to find someone born on June 10, 2021. Again, only raw data remains, but he finds records of two children born that day, a boy and a girl. They have the same DNA... which is an impossibility (only identical twins have the same DNA, and they should be of the same gender), so K suspects that one has been copied from the other. The DNA data came from an orphanage outside the city. The girl later died from a genetic disease, so K theorizes that the boy may have been hidden by the Replicants in the orphanage, which is in the ruins of San Diego. He travels there in his Spinner but is shot down by a tribe of feral scavengers who live among the ruins of a massive old ship breaking yard. They try to attack him, but Luv, who is keeping an eye on him from above through remote camera surveillance, uses precision bombs to repel them. After repairing the damage to his spinner, K proceeds to the orphanage, an old abandoned section of a ship, where the caretaker (Lennie James) is clearly using the children as cheap laborers. He coerces the man into showing him the old administrative files, but finds that the sections he is looking for have been completely torn out. While exiting, he notices how familiar the surroundings feel to him. He walks deeper into the ship section, and is shocked to find the location and the furnace from his memory; the wooden horse is still hidden inside it. K returns to the LAPD station in an upset state for another baseline test, which does not go smoothly. Not knowing what to make of the revelation, he returns home. Joi is convinced that this means that his childhood memory is real, and K is Rachael's son, suggesting he was born instead of manufactured, and that he has a soul, as opposed to other Replicants who are thought to be 'soulless' and thus inferior to humans. She thinks he deserves a human name, and starts to call him 'Joe'. K is still not convinced that the memory is real, so Joi suggests that he should contact an expert on implanted memories. K arrives at the lab of Dr. Ana Stelline (Carla Juri), who designs memory implants for Wallace's Replicants. Dr. Stelline is happy to see someone, being kept inside a dome at all times since she suffers from a compromised immune system, and can't be exposed to other people. Her parents left Earth for one of the off-world colonies, but she wasn't allowed to come along because of her disease. Her youth was lonely, but this caused her imagination to flourish, making her one of the best creators of artificial memories. K asks how fake memories can be discerned from real ones. Dr. Stelline says that fake memories tend to be too detailed, since real memories are 'messy' as they tend to reflect an emotional rather than a photographic recollection; but a good fabricated memory always contains something personal of the maker. K asks her to take a look at his memory, and give her thoughts. A special device allows Dr. Stelline to see the memory in his head. Overcome by emotion, she says the memory is real; K leaves in a fit of anger. As he goes outside, he is apprehended by the police. K is confronted by an angered Joshi for failing his last baseline test, which may mean that he is going to be retired. K tells her that he is in his current state because he succeeded in his mission: he has killed Rachael's offspring, who was so well-hidden that even he didn't know who he was. Joshi agrees to suspend him, and gives him 48 hours to disappear. Going home, he finds Mariette in his room. Joi reassures him that this is her doing, because she needs Mariette for something. She synchronizes her holographic program with Mariette, so she is able to steer Mariette's body and make love to K. The next morning, K seems to feel awkward about the unexpected threesome. He is called to the station, and leaves without saying goodbye, but not before Mariette placed a tracking device in his coat. Joi tells Mariette to leave; Mariette scoffs that, having been inside Joi's consciousness, she noticed that not much was there (showing that Replicants are not above feelings of superiority either). K tells Joi that people will be coming for him. Joi insists on coming with him so that she cannot reveal what she knows; K is reluctant as transferring her to the mobile projector would put her at risk of being lost if the projector is damaged, but ultimately accepts. She instructs him to destroy the antenna in the projector so that she cannot be moved to another device and remove any chance of tracking it. Luv, who is monitoring the position of the projector, is no longer able to track K. In the meanwhile, Luv has arrived at the station, asking Joshi to cooperate and tell her where K is. Joshi refuses, even when Luv's initially friendly disposition changes drastically. She tortures Joshi for information, but to no avail, so Luv kills her and uses her computer to find locate K. K has taken the wooden horse to a specialist, Doc Badger (Barkhad Abdi), who finds traces of radioactive tritium in the wood. They deduce that there is only one area nearby that can account for the type of wood and such high radiation readings. K leaves the city, taking care not to be noticed, although Luv is unknowingly tracking him. K arrives in the abandoned ruins of Las Vegas, and enters a deserted hotel/casino. Judging by the booby traps, he figures he is in the right place. It doesn't take long for Deckard to show himself, keeping K at gunpoint in the supposition that K is there to kill him. They fight for a while before Deckard becomes convinced that K is only there for answers. He confirms that Rachael was pregnant, but has never seen the child, nor does he know its whereabouts. Deckard was still actively hunted, so out of love for her and the child, he left a still-pregnant Rachael in the care of people who could protect her, hoping that his ignorance was the best way to keep everyone safe. He taught the other Replicants how to tamper with birth records and how to avoid capture. After a while, Deckard notices that someone has entered the area. Convinced that K has been followed, they proceed to Deckard's Spinner to flee, but a rocket grenade destroys the Spinner and incapacitates both Deckard and K. Luv enters with a few henchmen, and although K dispatches some of them, Luv fights back and badly injures him. She notices K's mobile projector and destroys it, effectively killing Joi, to K's anguish. Leaving him for dead, she kidnaps Deckard and takes him back to Wallace. K's wounds are tended by a group of Replicants who have been tracking him as well. They include Mariette and are part of a Replicant freedom movement. Their leader, Freysa (Hiam Abbass), reveals how she was there when Rachael died in childbirth, and how her group of rebellious Replicants, including Sapper, went to great lengths to hide the baby, as they saw the child as a living miracle. If Replicants could have children, the human world could no longer deny them their rights and freedoms. She confirms that the Blackout was their deliberate attempt to erase as many digital files as possible, in order to protect the secret of how Rachel was able to have children, and to prevent everyone, including the child, from being found. K tells her that he is Rachel's child, but Freysa tells him that the child was a girl. K is confused, and asks how he could have a real memory of Rachael's offspring if he isn't her son. Freysa answers enigmatically that this is also part of the puzzle. The memory of the wooden horse was apparently implanted in all other Replicants, and became a unifying motivator for freedom. Thinking back on all he has discovered so far, K deduces that the memory must have originated with Dr. Ana Stelline herself (explaining her emotional response to it), and that she is Rachael and Deckard's lost daughter. The Replicants urge K to return to LA; Wallace will do anything to get clues from Deckard about the Replicant resistance movement. If he succeeds, he may be able to create Replicants with reproductive capabilities, thereby creating a self-perpetuating army of slaves. The resistance wants this prevented at all costs, even if it means killing Deckard. K finds himself back in LA, observing a giant three-dimensional ad for the Joi hologram with great sorrow, knowing that the Joi he loved is gone forever. At the Wallace Company, Deckard is brought to Wallace, who shows him Rachael's remains, calling it the lock and Deckard the key to unraveling the mystery of Replicant reproduction. Deckard maintains that he has no idea who or where his child is. Wallace insinuates that Deckard's first meeting with Rachael was set up from the beginning, and that it was always the intention that they would end up together and reproduce. He starts a playback of the first conversation between him and Rachael, which emotionally affects Deckard, who still refuses to cooperate. Wallace then tries to entice him with something that he really covets, in exchange for information on how to find Freysa. A woman walks in from the shadows, and she appears to be an exact copy of Rachael as she appeared to Deckard 30 years ago, down to the clothing and hairstyle she wore. Deckard is shocked and moved, but he ultimately dismisses this Rachael as a fake, stating that the real Rachael's eyes were green. Frustrated by his failure, Wallace immediately has Luv execute the fake Rachael. He orders Luv to take Deckard to one of the off-world colonies, where they have the means to make him talk. Luv takes off with a hand-cuffed Deckard in a Spinner with two escorting vehicles, and flies along the LA shoreline. K catches up, using his Spinner to destroy the escorts and blow Luv's vehicle from the sky, forcing it to crash on the beach. K lands next to it and after an exchange of gunshots, he gets into a fight with Luv. He receives severe wounds from Luv's relentless punches and knife, and Luv leaves him for dead. She re-enters the vehicle, trying to free Deckard from his cuffs as the Spinner is being dragged into the sea by tidal waves, but then K enters. He fights with Luv and pushes her down under water with all of his power, finally drowning the life out of her. He manages to release Deckard just before the vehicle sinks completely. Deckard says that he should have let him die; K states that he did: the world will believe that Deckard went down with the vehicle. He takes Deckard to Dr. Stelline's office, and tells him that all his best memories are hers. Deckard asks him why he did what he did; K simply urges him to enter the office. As Deckard goes in and meets his unsuspecting daughter who is enjoying a cloud of artificial snow, K lies down on the steps outside, slowly succumbing to his wounds. He looks at the real snow falling down, apparently at peace with the part he played. 
 Memoirs of a Geisha (2005)651) Nitta Sayuri reveals how she transcended her fishing-village roots and became one of Japan's most celebrated geisha. In the 1920s, 9-year-old Chiyo gets sold to a geisha house. There, she is forced into servitude, receiving nothing in return until the house's ruling hierarchy determines if she is of high enough quality to service the clientele -- men who visit and pay for conversation, dance and song. After rigorous years of training, Chiyo becomes Sayuri, a geisha of incredible beauty and influence. Life is good for Sayuri, but World War II is about to disrupt the peace. Jwelch5742 In 1929 an impoverished nine-year-old named Chiyo from a fishing village is sold to a geisha house in Kyoto's Gion district and subjected to cruel treatment from the owners and the head geisha Hatsumomo. Her stunning beauty attracts the vindictive jealousy of Hatsumomo, until she is rescued by and taken under the wing of Hatsumomo's bitter rival, Mameha. Under Mameha's mentorship, Chiyo becomes the geisha named Sayuri, trained in all the artistic and social skills a geisha must master in order to survive in her society. As a renowned geisha she enters a society of wealth, privilege, and political intrigue. As World War II looms Japan and the geisha's world are forever changed by the onslaught of history. dumpster_cakes A young nine year old girl, Chiyo, lives in a rather poor fishing village, Yoroido, on Japan's coast. Along with her older sister, Satsu, she is sent to the geisha (Japanese for artisan) district called Gion. Split from the only family she has left Chiyo is sent to the Nitta Okiya while her sister is transported else where and becomes less of a role. And Okiya is a house (sort of a compound) where a geisha lives and is taken care of. Here at the Nitta Okiya Chiyo meets another girl about her age nicknamed Pumpkin. Together Pumpkin and Chiyo struggle through the daily life of being treated as nothing more than slaves to the resident geisha, Hatsumomo. Hatsumomo, the story's resident villain, tries her hardest to make Chiyo's life as miserable as possible. On one particular occasion Chiyo feeling so depressed collapses on a bridge in tears over her life's woes. Much to her surprise a high society passer by stops to question why she is so sad. Here little Chiyo meets The Chairman for the first time. He shows her kindness in a world which has been naught but cruel to her and from that point on Chiyo makes it her goal to break free from the social class she was born into and become a geisha worthy of The Chairman. After much work and hardship Chiyo is allowed to attend school where young girls are taught all the important practices associated with the life of a geisha. She learns tea ceremony, how to play the shamisen (like a little banjo or acoustic guitar), as well as quite possibly the most important act, how to dance. The word geisha in Japanese is derived from a term referring to art so a geisha is like an artisan, or an artist. After some more altercations with Hatsumomo, Chiyo is taken under the wing of one of Gion's most popular geisha, Mameha. Mameha also happens to be Hatsumomo's arch-rival as a geisha. Mameha takes a long time to introduce Chiyo as her apprentice however once she does she is already blessed with fame for being associated with someone of Mameha's class. Here is the part of the story where Chiyo's name changes to Sayuri (her geisha name). Mameha introduces Sayuri is many numerous figures in Gion life and it come to a point where men are fighting for the highest bid on Sayuri's mizuage. All this time Sayuri is struggling with the common life lessons learned when one is growing up into a young woman. It is very much a coming of age story. Through all trials of adversity Sayuri faces her one goal is always to see The Chairman again. Finally the day comes when she is invited, along with Mameha, to a party at a teahouse at which The Chairman is attending. For the next couple of weeks she attends multiple parties which the chairman attend all the while seemingly coming closer to achieving her goal. Tension has been growing concerning World War II and the society in Gion is beginning to feel the effects of war. Rations are set up and many part of the giesha district have begun to close. Geisha are fleeing to other parts of the country hoping to avoid getting caught in an attack. Sayuri and all of her friends are split apart until after the war and once everyone returns to Gion it is realized the effects of the atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. All geisha who fled to these cities obviously died and it is a loss greatly felt by the community. Sayuri desperately attempts to attain the love of the Chairman and the climax of the story is whether or not she does meet her goal. Ai is Baka In Japan of the 20's, the nine years old Chyio and her sister Satsu are sold by her fisherman father to a Geisha house in Miyako. Satsu is not accepted in the house and is sent to a brothel, and along the years, Satsu escapes from he brothel where she lived and the rebel Chyio is left alone, becoming a slave of a geisha. However, six years later, she learns how to become the geisha Sayuri with the support of the successful Mameha, while fighting against the evil and jealousy of the wicked Hatsumomo. While still a child, Chyio falls in love with The Chairman, and in the post-WWII, they meet each other, in a period o changes in Japan with the occupying American forces and the country completely destroyed. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chiyo was the second daughter of a poor fisherman in Yoroido and a curiosity in her village - her eyes were blue (in the novel they were blue-grey). Ser father was old and her mother terminally ill; thus the parents were persuaded to sell their daughters for a more secured life. Chiyo and sister Satsu were promptly sent to Gion(geisha district) right away. Auntie decides to keep her in the Nitta Okiya, but rejects her sister. Satsu is then sent to a common brothel in the Miyagawa-Cho district to become a prostitute. Chiyo spent her first few years in the okiya working as a maid and planning her escape. Hatsumomo, the star of the okiya and one of the most beautiful and popular geishas at the time, sensed that she was going to be a threat and set out to eliminate her. She and Korin forced Chiyo to ruin a kimono(which belonged to Hatsumomo's most hated rival in Gion, Mameha). The next day, Auntie half-heartedly beat her as punishment for the ruined kimono since she didn't want Mother or Granny getting their hands on her. She also warns her against trusting Hatsumomo because she'll ruin her in a second. As a reward for ruining Mameha's kimono, Hatsumomo finally told her that her sister is in the Miyagawa-Cho district under the brother home, Tatsuyo and arranged for them to meet. The sisters decided that Chiyo would sneak out of the okiya by walking on top of the neighbouring roofs, meet up with Satsu, and then they would escape together. Her attempt failed as she fell off one of the roofs, and her sister went on without her. Auntie was infuriated at Chiyo for not heeding her warning to keep clear. While she was recovering from her injuries, she received a letter informing her that both of her parents have died. Now she is all alone in the world. Mother (the madam) was furious with Chiyo's rebellious behaviour and decided not to raise her as a geisha, but as a maid. On a maid wage, she will never be able to pay off her contract and leave the okiya. Chiyo settled uneasily into her doomed life, while watching her friend and fellow maid, Pumpkin get elevated to being an apprentice geisha and all her work as a maid is transferred to her. Upon learning that Chiyo will remain Mother's slave for all time, Hatsumomo rejoiced at the prospect and set out to make her life even more miserable than before. One day while a 12-year-old, Chiyo was out on an errand, her concerns for her future remaining as a maid under Mother overwhelmed her and she started to cry. A man stopped to talk to her and accompanied her for some shaved ice. He bought her flavoured ice and gave her two coins to cheer her up. Watching the Chairman walk away with two geishas, Chiyo decided that she would become a geisha at any cost, just so that she can be with him. She spent the coins on making her wish, and kept the Chairman's handkerchief. In the winter of 1935, Chiyo is 15 and she's helping Pumpkin get ready for her debut as an apprentice geisha, under Hatsumomo's tutelage. After they left, she noticed that her friend forgot her shamisen and ran out of the Nitta Okiya to the back of Mizuki Teahouse(Hatsumomo's prime) and gave the mistress there her friend's shamisen. A few days later the okiya got a surprise visit from the famed geisha Mameha, who offered irresistable conditions to take Chiyo as her apprentice geisha. Mother's greed got the better of her and Chiyo became Sayuri. During her training, Sayuri showed considerable talents and Mother began to consider adopting her, instead of Pumpkin, as her daughter, to inherit the okiya. This further intensified the feud between Hatsumomo and Mameha. Time was drawing close to the bidding for Sayuri's mizuage (the first night), but with Hatsumomo's schemes, Mameha was no where close to finding enough potential dannas (patrons) to start a proper bidding. She decided to try the impossible - Nobu, a rich man disfigured by chemical accident and disliked geishas. Miraculously,he fell in love with Sayuri; and Sayuri with his best friend - the Chairman. Sayuri's mizuage made history as the highest bid to date, and she became the IT geisha. Mother adopted her, kicked Hatsumomo out for trying to destroy her career by causing the fire and Pumpkin was left homeless to fend for herself. But Sayuri's glory was cut short by World War II. As all geishas were gathered up and shipped to factories as workers, she and Mameha went into hiding with the Chairman's help. After the war, Mameha and Sayuri found it hard to survive as genuine geishas. The American soldiers are the big spender now, and they prefer common prostitutes to geishas. Pumpkin's fell from grace now turned out to be a blessing. The Chairman hired Sayuri, Mameha and Pumpkin for a trip, so that they could entertain an American colonel named Derricks, his associates and turn them into his business partners. Sayuri realised that she would have to get either Nobu or Col. Derricks to become her danna to survive. But meeting the Chairman again after the war proofed to be too strong a temptation, she decided to throw everything away and follow her heart for once. In her room, Mameha warned Sayuri against doing that because it's disrespectful to Nobu and she could ruin her career for that mistake. She told he to accept him as her danna because he saved her life and she owed a great debt. She mentions that Hatsumomo made the mistake of following her heart once by eloping with Koichi and destroyed her chances to have a danna. Sayuri refuses to listen to Mameha, which proved to be her undoing. She arranged for the general to meet her in a shack and told Pumpkin to bring Nobu, so that both can be disappointed at her. She took this long-awaited chance and had her revenge - she brought the Chairman. When Sayuri demanded an answer from her friend. Pumpkin vehemently out of anger (cool, but still upset in the movie) told her she took away her rightful place as Mother's daughter and heir of the Nitta Okiya. A heart-broken Sayuri threw away the cherished handkerchief, and gave in to her fate. Just when she thought she had lost favour with Nobu, Mother got a booking request from him. Disillusioned and settling for security, Sayuri arrived prepared to get back in Nobu's favour, only to find that the booking was made by the Chairman. Now that his best friend is no longer interested in Sayuri, the Chairman can finally show his feelings and have his Chiyo back - it was him who sent Mameha to find the girl with blue eyes and ensure that she was taken care of and reunited with him....... 
 The Trial of the Chicago 7 (2020)651) The story of 7 people on trial stemming from various charges surrounding the uprising at the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago, Illinois. In Chicago 1968, the Democratic Party Convention was met with protests from activists like the moderate Students for a Democratic Society led by Tom Hayden and the militant Yippies led by Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin, which led to violent confrontations with the local authorities. As a result, seven of the accused ringleaders are arraigned on charges like Conspiracy by the hostile Nixon administration, including Bobby Seale of the Black Panthers who was not involved in the incident. What follows is an unfair trial presided by the belligerent Judge Hoffman (No relation) and prosecuted by a reluctant but duty-bound Richard Schultz. As their pro bono lawyers face such odds, Hayden and his fellows are frustrated by the Yippies' outrageous antics undermining their defense in defiance of the system even while Seale is denied a chance to defend himself his way. Along the way, the Chicago 7 clash in their political philosophies even as they learn they need each other in this fight. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol1970@gmail.com) What was intended to be a peaceful protest at the 1968 Democratic National Convention turned into a violent clash with police and the National Guard. The organizers of the protest--including Abbie Hoffman, Jerry Rubin, Tom Hayden, and Bobby Seale--were charged with conspiracy to incite a riot. The trial that followed was one of the most notorious in history. yusufpiskin 1969. With the new Richard Nixon administration in the White House, US Attorney General John Mitchell proceeds to lay charges against Tom Hayden and Rennie Davis , leaders of Students for Democratic Society, Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin , leaders of the Youth International Parties (Yippies or Young Hippies), David Dellinger , leader of Mobilization to End the War in Vietnam (The Mobe), individuals Lee Weiner and John Froines , and Bobby Seale , National Chair of the Black Panthers, under the never used Rap Brown Law: for "conspiracy to cross state lines in order to incite violence" for their roles in the protest outside the National Democratic Convention (DNC) in Chicago the summer previous, the protest which turned violent. The protest was against the United States' escalating participation in the Vietnam War, the DNC chosen for then President Lyndon B. Johnson 's doubling of troops almost overnight and the presumptive Democratic nominee for President, Hubert H. Humphrey , continuing such if elected. In part as they are using the same legal team of William Kunstler and Leonard Weinglass , the first seven are deemed the Chicago 7, with Seale the outsider for many reasons, including he being the only one of the eight a person of color. If convicted, they could serve a maximum penalty of ten years in prison. While the eight are aware of each other, some had never met before the protest and rarely collaborated. As such, the lead prosecutor, Richard Schultz, as does everyone else involved in this case, is aware that the charges and thus the trial are politically motivated rather than a matter of justice under the law, with each of the eight of the eight hundred or so protesters chosen for very specific political reasons, and as former Attorney General under Johnson, Ramsey Clark , had no intention of laying charges after the Justice Department's review. Huggo In the wake of the bloody events before and after the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago, where unarmed protesters were pitted against armed-to-the-teeth police officers in Lincoln Park, Attorney General John Mitchell , appoints prosecutors, Richard Schultz and Tom Foran , to bring eight men to trial for inciting violence. In 1969, under Richard Nixon 's presidency, eight alleged ringleaders faced charges of conspiracy and promoting riot. They were the Conspiracy Eight: Tom Hayden and Rennie Davis , enthusiastic and silver-tongued leaders of the Students for a Democratic Society; Yippies, Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin , who ran the Youth International Party; radical pacifist and conscientious objector, David Dellinger ; anti-war activist, John Froines ; teaching assistant, Lee Weiner , and co-founder of the Black Panther Party, Bobby Seale , whose case was eventually declared a mistrial. Apart from Bobby Seale , all the defendants were represented by William Kunstler and Leonard Weinglass , who were convinced that the charges are politically motivated. The judge was bigoted Julius Hoffman who refused to let the progressive, former U.S. Attorney General, Ramsey Clark , testify in front of the jury. But, who started the riots? Was it the protesters or the police? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago, there were massive demonstrations against the Vietnam War, which was reaching its peak. When a curfew was finally instated, this led to even further protests, eventually leading to a police riot. Following this, seven of the demonstrators (Abbie Hoffman, Jerry Rubin, Bobby Seale, John Froines, Tom Hayden, Lee Weiner, and David Dellinger) were tried for conspiracy. This is the story of the trial that followed. 