nm0005439:

 28 Days (2000)541) A big-city newspaper columnist is forced to enter a drug and alcohol rehab center after ruining her sister's wedding and crashing a stolen limousine. New York based writer Gwen Cummings knows that she drinks a lot but doesn't believe it's a problem, and if she decides that it is an issue that she could stop drinking on her own. She and her live-in boyfriend Jasper fuel each other's hyperactivity with this excessive alcohol consumption, "a normal life" is not in either's vocabulary. Between Gwen and her older straight-laced sister Lily, Gwen more closely resembles their larger than life mother, who was also an alcoholic and who died because of that when they were children. Lily believes that Gwen's addictions makes her a difficult if not impossible person to love. While Gwen is in a drunken stupor at Lily's wedding, Gwen causes one issue after another, ruining the day for Lily. Gwen is forced to examine her drinking with the culmination of bad events she caused at the wedding, leading to her being court ordered to enter into rehab or jail for twenty-eight days, which is only marginally more tolerable an idea to her than the alternative, which is jail. For Gwen to make any progress, she has to acknowledge that she has a problem which requires the support during those twenty-eight days not only of the facility's staff, but also the other patients, each who is going through his/her own issue with respect to the demons of addiction. If she does eventually acknowledge the problem, she will also have to reconcile the events of her life with Lily, and come to the realization that a life with Jasper is not in her best interest if she has any chance of surviving outside of the facility after those twenty-eight days. Huggo After getting into a car accident while drunk on the day of her sister's wedding, Gwen Cummings is given a choice between prison or a rehab center. She chooses rehab, but is extremely resistant to taking part in any of the treatment programs they have to offer, refusing to admit that she has an alcohol addiction. yusufpiskin After getting into a car accident while drunk on the day of her sister's wedding, Gwen Cummings is given a choice between prison or a rehab center. She chooses rehab, but is extremely resistant to taking part in any of the treatment programs they have to offer, refusing to admit that she has an alcohol and drug addiction. After getting to know some of the other patients and struggling to stay sober, Gwen gradually begins to re-examine her life and see that she does, in fact, have a serious problem. The path to recovery will not be easy, and success will not be guaranteed or even likely, but she is now willing to give it a try. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 28 days was one of those movies you can tell the writer (Susannah Grant) knows the subject material, maybe even up close and personal. Director (Betty Thomas) did a wonderful job of giving Gwen's (Sandra Bullock) flashbacks that fuzzy look and sound where she isn't sure if they dreamed what happened or if it really did happen. 
 Bandits (2001)321) Two bank robbers fall in love with the girl they've kidnapped. Two convicts, one charismatic (Willis) and the other a hypochondriac (Thornton), break out of prison and immediately start a bank robbing spree, kidnapping bank managers, spending the night with their families, then going with the managers in the morning to rob the banks. Using a dim-witted stunt man as their getaway driver and lookout, the three successfully pull off several jobs (even gaining the attention of a television show about American criminals), and become known as "The Sleepover Bandits." Things are going great until the bank managers begin to realize that the robbers are non-violent and therefore no threat to them or their employees, changing the game for the Bandits. To add to the complications, a bored & unhappy housewife (Blanchett) ends up in the hands of the criminals, and begins to have romantic feelings for both Willis and Thornton, causing a sticky love triangle. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Busting out of prison, Joe (Bruce Willis) and Terry (Billy Bob Thornton) are on the run and out of money. That changes when they devise a scheme to place bank managers under house arrest the night before they rob their banks. But success as the infamous "sleepover bandits" isnt the only change in store for them. As they cross state lines and federal laws, they meet Kate (Cate Blanchett) a sexy, eccentric housewife whose indecision as to which of the two bandits she wants could spoil their partnership for good. 
 CSI: Miami (20022012)Summaries The cases of the Miami-Dade, Florida police department's Crime Scene Investigations unit. Horatio Caine (David Caruso), a former homicide detective, heads a group of investigators who work crimes amid the steamy, tropical surroundings and cultural crossroads of Miami. His team includes Calleigh Duquesne (Emily Procter), a bilingual Southern beauty with a specialty in ballistics; Tim Speedle (Rory Cochrane), a cocky yet disarming investigator who is well connected on the street, and Eric Delko (Adam Rodriguez), an underwater recovery expert who knows all the twists and turns of the Florida waterways. Rounding out the team is Alexx Woods (Khandi Alexander), the no-nonsense, know-it-all coroner. And, after Speedle is killed in action, former Patrolman Ryan Wolfe (Jonathan Togo) joins the team. Together, these investigators collect and analyze the evidence to solve the crimes and to vindicate those who often cannot speak for themselves - the victims. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 One Missed Call (2008)321) Several people start receiving voice-mails from their future selves - messages which include the date, time, and some of the details of their deaths. After the death of their friend Shelley, Leann Cole receives a voice mail from the future of the date and time when she would die. On the scheduled day, Leann sees weird things and in the precise informed hour, Leann is attacked by a supernatural force on a footbridge over a train station while talking to her friend Beth Raymond. Beth meets Leann's boyfriend Brian, who also received a call, and witnesses his death on the street. When her roommate Taylor Anthony receives a call, Beth befriends Det. Jack Andrews, who tells her that his sister was the first victim of the phone call. They decide to investigate the connections of Jack's sister and find the name of Marie Layton, who apparently abused of her daughters. Jack and Beth run against time trying to save Beth from her fate. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with a fire at a hospital, with a young girl named Laurel being rescued. When asked where her mother is, Laurel just looks at the burning hospital. A few days later, a girl named Shelley (Meagan Good) is talking to her friend Leann (Azura Skye) on the phone, when she is scared by her pet cat. She looks over and it is gone. She walks over to the pond to see if it has fallen in, when it appears on the other side. She goes over to pet it, when a hand grabs her and pulls her into the pond, before pulling the cat in as well. After this, a hard candy floats to the top, and her phone begins to scroll through various numbers. After the credits roll, we are introduced to Beth Raymond (Shannyn Sossamon), who is having a party with her friends Brian (Johnny Lewis), and Taylor (Ana Claudia Talancon). She goes to the door, and looks through the peephole, where she has a flashback to when she was a girl. She answers the door, and Leann is there. Beth and Leann go upstairs and Leann mentions that she was at Shelley's funeral, and that Shelley's parents were convinced she committed suicide. Beth tells Leann that Shelley went strange before she died. Suddenly, Leann's phone rings with an eerie ringtone. Leann tells Beth that it is not her ringtone, and delays in answering, because she sees it is from Shelley's phone, so the call goes to voicemail. She listens to it, and is horrified. Beth asks to listen to it, and it plays a recording of Leann talking about seeing things before screaming. Leann tells Beth that it is from 2 days in the future. Meanwhile, Detective Jack Andrews (Edward Burns) gets a call from the mortuary, asking him to come and identify a body. They tell him it has been in the water for a couple of days. He pulls the cover off and confirms it is his sister. He is left alone with the body, and finds that there is something in her mouth. He pulls it out and reveals it to be a hard candy. Fast forward two days, and Leann is at college with Beth. She hallucinates seeing a centipede crawling along Beth's arm, and sees strange faces. When the class finishes, Beth asks her if she wants to go somewhere, but Leann blows her off, telling her she needs to go to the library. Later, Leann leaves the library, and continues to hallucinate strange faces. She phones Beth and tells her that she is sorry for blowing her off, and that she keeps seeing the faces. She tells Beth that the call happens in a few minutes, and Beth arranges to meet her at a nearby footbridge. Leann then repeats the voicemail, just as the bridge gives way and she plummets in front of a train. Beth arrives just in time to see this, and hears a hissing sound. When she turns around, no one is there. She looks over, and a hard candy rolls out of Leann's mouth, with Leann's phone skipping through her phonebook. 2 days later, Taylor is talking to her friend about Leann's and Shelley's deaths, and about how they got the phone calls. Brian arrives and shouts at them for talking about it, and hallucinates a centipede crawling up the wall. He goes to a cafe, where Beth approaches him, and he shows her his message, which was dated for a few minutes later. He gets up and walks away, narrowly avoiding being run over, and Beth calls out to him to get his phone. He repeats the voicemail, just as an explosion occurs, sending a pole straight through him. Beth again hears a hissing sound, and no one is there, just as a hard candy falls out of Brian's mouth. She goes to the police, but they do nothing to help her, until Jack hears her story and tells her that his sister died in the same way. He promises her that he will do some digging because he can trace the calls back. Beth goes home, and she and Taylor take the batteries from their phones. Later that night, Beth awakens after hearing the ringtone, and goes downstairs. Taylor asks her whose phone is ringing, and she picks it up to find out it is Taylor's, even though the battery is missing. Taylor answers and hears herself screaming, dated for 2 days afterwards. The next day, they smash Taylor's phone, but they are approached by a man called Ted Summers (Ray Wise) who wants to perform an exorcism on Taylor. He gives her a new phone, and she gets the call again. The next morning, Taylor leaves Beth a note telling her she has gone to her parents' house. Beth leaves them a message asking to speak to her. Jack arrives and tells Beth he has traced the call to a woman called Marie Layton. They arrive at her apartment and a neighbour tells them that she hasn't been seen for a week. They break in and find that there should be a nanny cam in the room, but it is missing. This leaves them determined to find Marie because they believe that she has been abusing her daughter, Laurel and is responsible for the murders. They later find out that her other daughter Ellie died of an asthma attack. Beth sees Taylor on Ted's TV programme, and they head to the studio in a church in order to find her. A priest begins to exorcise Taylor, and as Beth and Jack arrive, it all goes wrong. The lights go out, and Taylor begins to scream. When they come back on, she is dead, and a hard candy rolls out of her mouth. Beth then gets a call from Taylor of her own message, dated the next day. The next day, Jack arrives at her house, and she delays in answering the door, with another flashback. He asks her about some burns on her arms, and she tells him that she was abused by her mother, and her father committed suicide. He tells her they have managed to track Laurel down, and they go to see her. At her foster home, Laurel refuses to answer any questions, but instead lets her teddy play a noise, which is the same as the ringtone. Beth shouts at Laurel, and they are thrown out of the house. They split up to investigate further, and Beth sees a doctor that treated Laurel during the fire. He tells her that Marie never left the hospital. Beth goes to St. Luke's, where the fire took place, and breaks in, where she is attacked and dragged down a corridor, but is rescued by Jack. She tells him that she believes Marie is still in the hospital, and they decide to look for her. A force splits them up, and Beth crawls into an air vent, as Jack decides to break down the door. In the vent, she finds Marie's body, but it comes to life and crawls on top of her. She asks it why (echoing the message), just as Jack arrives to find her unharmed. Outside, Beth tells him that she believes Marie brought her there to keep her safe. Jack goes to tell Laurel her mother is dead, and finds the nanny cam hidden in the back of her bear. He watches it, and finds out that Ellie was abusing Laurel, not Marie, but Marie caught her, and she had an asthma attack, and called her mother, which started the curse. The hissing sound came from her inhaler, the people were her dolls, and the centipede was her pet. Jack asks Laurel if Ellie abused her, and she replies "But she always gave me candy after." He arrives back at Beth's house, and tells her about Ellie. Just then, there is a knock at the door. Beth tells Jack not to answer it, but he looks through the peephole and is stabbed in the eye. Ellie enters the house and attempts to attack Beth, but she is pulled into the phone by her mother's ghost. Beth stares in shock as Jack's phone begins to cycle through its contact list and the film ends. 