nm0007711:

 La dama boba (2006)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 La fuente amarilla (1999)Summaries Lola's boyfriend asks her if she believes in forgiveness, hands her a card with a name on it and shoots himself in the head. This sends Lola on a quest to find out what happened as well as solve the murder of her parents. The name on the card leads her into the shadowy world of the the Chinese Triad in Spain. She is helped along the way by a fearful young man who has an odd fascination for news clippings about the Chinese. She is drawn into this world and discovers her answer and loses more than she imagined. poco loco It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El comisario (19992009)Summaries San Fernando is a small police station in Madrid, where Chief Castilla and the officers under his command handle all kinds of cases. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 No digas nada (2014)Summaries A lonely house in the countryside. Inside, an absent woman, completely wrapped in her nighttime trance. We don't know where her emptiness comes from or whats wrong with her. Only an unexpected noise outside manages to wake her from her idleness. A man has jumped over the fence and entered her yard. She tries to stop him from breaking in but its too late. the stranger make it inside living room. Two strangers, face to face. He wants everything, she has nothing left. Anonymous A lonely house in the countryside. A woman waits on her own. When a man invades to take everything it soon transpires that there is nothing for him to take. A witty and poignant two-hander that examines isolation and the fractured lives that we live today. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 