nm0002944:

 Young Blades (2005)Summaries Based on the novel The Three Musketeers by Dumas, Young Blades follows a group of youths as they cross swords with dastardly villians while keeping up on their studies at the Musketeer Academy. The young blades are French royal 'musketeer' guards (despite the name sword-fighters, not sharpshooters) of the generation after the legendary, now knighted Gascon hero D'Artagnan and his three mentors. They include his son, now known as D'Artagnan, and his companions in arms, stationed in the Bastille, under captain Duvall's command: Siroc the erudite inventor and Ramon, a romantic, poetically gifted Spaniard who deserted the Habsburg camp, France's arch-rival. They are joined by a late musketeer's daughter Jaqueline, who masquerades (only D'Artagnan junior knows) as her imaginary brother Jacques (the real one being no good at fighting and fled to America), looking for revenge and glory. Louis XIII's son Louis XIV, the future Sun king, is now on the French throne although a mere boy, ruled in name by his vain and useless mother, Queen-regent Ann, and in fact by cardinal Richelieu's hand-picked, Italian-born successor, cardinal Mazarin. In this series, the power-hungry prime minister is also a diabolical obelisk-sorcerer at the head of the murderous order of the Knights of the Tabernacle. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Disaster Zone: Volcano in New York (2006 TV Movie)44) Illegal experimentation accidentally rips open a previously unknown hidden magma reserve directly under Manhattan! An evil nasty doctor named Dr. Ironside who is trying to develop a source of geothermal energy and doing so he starts a volcanic rift under the Big Apple! And now that a volcano is beneath New York City seems unlikely yet...nothing else can explain the bizarre tremors and terrifying explosions wreaking havoc on the city! But Matt, his geologist ex-wife, and a team of unlikely heroes have only a few sticks of dynamite and a prayer to rescue the city from volcanic! Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Matt McLaughlin, supervisor of a construction crew in charge of digging a New York City councilor's pet project underground tunnel, wants to abandon it as unsafe after a mysterious volcanic mini-eruption. But the illegal experiment which causes the eruption is the lifework of powerful people, so Matt is suspended and falsely blamed for the casualties among his crew. He takes on the fight against madness with a few accidental supporters, including his wife, a geologist, but time is running out fast to prevent an extreme disaster. KGF Vissers A volcano beneath New York City seems unlikely...yet nothing else can explain the bizarre tremors and terrifying explosions wreaking havoc on the city. Tunnel digger Matt MacLachlan and his team of "Sandhogs" have witnessed lava seeping into the city's aqueduct system and know the unimaginable truth. A scientist's secret, geo-thermal experiment has triggered the volcanic activity; and now Matt, his geologist ex-wife, and a team of unlikely heroes have only a few sticks of dynamite and a prayer to rescue the city from volcanic apocalypse. Echo Bridge Home Entertainment It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Murdoch Mysteries (2008 )Summaries In the 1890s, William Murdoch uses radical forensic techniques for the time, including fingerprinting and trace evidence, to solve some of the city's most gruesome murders. In the late 1890s, police Detective William Murdoch takes a new, more scientific approach to solving crimes. Assisted by coroner Dr. Julia Ogden and Constable George Crabtree, Murdoch introduces such concepts as finger marks and lie detecting machines. He has the support of his somewhat doubtful superior, Inspector Brackenreid, though at times, even he finds Murdoch's methods - and claims - somewhat astounding. garykmcd It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Star Trek: Discovery (2017 )Summaries Ten years before Kirk, Spock, and the Enterprise, the USS Discovery discovers new worlds and lifeforms as one Starfleet officer learns to understand all things alien. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 