nm0002810:

 Agent Cody Banks (2003)44) A government agent trains Cody Banks in the ways of covert operations that require younger participants. A government agent trains a typical teenager Cody Banks who loves to skateboard, hates math, and feels like a complete idiot around girls, in the ways of covert operations that require younger participants. But Cody's got a secret--he's actually part of a secret teen CIA program. Cody's living every boy's dream life--he can drive like a stunt man, has an incredible arsenal of cool gadgets, and his agency mentor, Ronica Miles, is totally hot. But Cody's training is put to the test when he's sent to pose as a prep school student and befriend fellow teen Natalie Connors in order to gain access to her father--a scientist unknowingly developing a fleet of deadly pair of twisted villains called the nanobots for the evil organization ERIS, which can destroy any carbon or silicon-based substance-to destroy the world's defense systems so he can threaten anyone who opposes him. From runaway cars and high-speed snowboard chases to a spectacular final mountaintop showdown, Cody has to use everything he's learned to prove himself as an agent and stop ERIS from completing their mission before their mission fails. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} To his family and friends, Cody Banks is a typical teen--he loves to skateboard, hates math, and feels like a complete idiot around girls. But Cody's got a secret--he's actually part of a secret teen CIA program. Cody's living every boy's dream life--he can drive like a stuntman, has an incredible arsenal of cool gadgets, and his agency mentor, Ronica Miles, is totally hot. But Cody's training is put to the test when he's sent to pose as a prep school student and befriend fellow teen Natalie Connors in order to gain access to her father--a scientist unknowingly developing a fleet of deadly nanobots for the evil organization ERIS. From runaway cars and high-speed snowboard chases to a spectacular final mountaintop showdown, Cody has to use everything he's learned to prove himself as an agent and stop ERIS from completing their mission--and, maybe, even get the girl. Sujit R. Varma Cody Banks is a shy common teenager, living with his mother, father and little brother in a suburban house. But he is also a very efficient undercover CIA agent. He is assigned by CIA director, with the support of his instructor Ronica Miles, to date Natalie Connors in order to be invited to her birthday party and get close and spy Natalie's father, Dr. Connors. Dr. Connors is a brilliant scientist, who has developed some sort of micro-robots with the intention of controlling oil leakage from tankers. However, the investors of the experiment intend to use the device as a powerful weapon. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Spy Kids (2001)651) Using high tech gadgets, two kids have to save their reactivated OSS top spy parents when they're taken by an evil, high tech enemy. Gregorio and Ingrid are the two greatest secret agents the world has ever known: masters of disguise, mavens of invention, able to stop wars before they even start. Working for separate countries, they are sent to eliminate their most dangerous enemy...each other. But in an exotic corner of the world when they finally come face to face, they fall in love instead and embark on the most dangerous mission they have ever faced: raising a family. Now nine years later, after their retirement, having exchanged the adventure of espionage for parenthood, Gregorio and Ingrid Cortez are called back in to action. When their former colleagues, the world's most formidable spies, start disappearing one by one, the Cortez's are forced to take on techno-wizard Fegan Floop and his evil, egg-headed sidekick, Minion. But when the unthinkable happens and they too disappear, unfortunately there are only two people in the world who can rescue them...their kids. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> At one point, Gregorio and Ingrid Cortez were the world's finest secret agents. For over a decade they have retired from espionage and settled down to raise their two children Carmen and Juni. But they suddenly spring back into action when four agents mysteriously disappear. When the parents are kidnapped, Carmen and Juni take matter into their own hands and work to save them. Their mission takes them on land, sea and in the air as they venture to a mysterious castle where they must take on an evil genius who plans to use a powerful device in a sinister plot to destroy the world. Blazer346 Carmen and Juni think their parents are boring. Little do they know that in their day, Gregorio and Ingrid Cortez were the top secret agents from their respective countries. They gave up that life to raise their children. Now, the disappearances of several of their old colleagues forces the Cortez' return from retirement. What they didn't count on was Carmen and Juni joining the "family business." David Stumme <dstumme@rochester.rr.com> Gregorio and Ingrid Cortez are the world's best secret agents. Their mission is to assassinate each other. When they get within one inch, they fall in love. They marry, and have two kids, Carmen and Juni. They don't tell their kids. Ten years later, they are called into a mission. When their Uncle Felix babysits the Cortez kids, and rogue agents invade the house, Uncle Felix reveals the truth, their parents are spies and were just kidnapped, and Felix is not their uncle. Carmen and Juni escape, and try to rescue Mom and Dad, and save the world. neo101 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Carmen and Juni Cortez (Alexa Vega and Daryl Sabara) being tucked into bed by their mother, Ingrid (Carla Gugino). While Juni applies wart killer to his fingers, Carmen requests to hear the bedtime story, "The Two Spies Who Fell in Love". Long ago, at a time of unstable relations between countries, a new breed of soldiers was created: super spies. Using their vast intellects and prowess in the art of stealth, they could stop wars before they even happened. The two protagonists of the story, both of whom were spies, were tasked with eliminating each other, but they ended up becoming infatuated with one another instead and soon fell in love. Despite being from opposing nations, they decided to marry, but this only painted a massive target on their backs for enemy factions that wished to see them dead. They ultimately chose to retire and start a family. Though unknown to the kids at this time, it's shown to the audience that Ingrid and her husband, Gregorio (Antonio Banderas), are the spies in the story and that these events truly occurred. Ingrid then says goodnight to her children. Carmen comments that the story needs a new ending, while Juni suggests the addition of monsters. Later in their bedroom, Gregorio and Ingrid, now consultants secretly working for the OSS (Organization of Super Spies), talk about how Carmen and Juni, according to their school principal, have been keeping secrets from them; Carmen's been skipping out on school and Juni's self-proclaimed 'friends' are only in his head. Ingrid believes she and Gregorio are to blame due to them keeping their previous life secret, but he assures her it's for the best -- he fears that if they ever told the kids, it would plant 'visions of danger' in their minds should they ever leave them alone. During their conversation, Gregorio receives information from the OSS that several of their agents have gone missing, notifying Ingrid the following morning. While driving Carmen and Juni to school, Gregorio nags Juni for being so attached to the children's show, "Floop's Fooglies," created by quirky inventor and visionary Fegan Floop (Alan Cumming), but takes notice that one of Floop's side characters, called 'Fooglies,' looks suspiciously like one of the missing OSS agents, Donnagon Giggles (Mike Judge). While dropping off the kids, Gregorio tries to build confidence in Juni by telling him that if anyone bothers him, that he should remember that he is a Cortez. But Juni asks, "What's so special about being a Cortez?", a question Gregorio is unable to answer. Before driving off, he notices Juni being pestered by one of the school bullies. He exits the car to try and resolve the conflict, but gets into a confrontation with the bully's dad, who's just as condescending. He fantasizes about beating up the dad to gain the love and appreciation of his disapproving son, but ultimately decides to back off. While having a moment to himself, Juni ponders out loud about running away to Floop's world in the hope of escaping the pestering from Carmen and the school bullies and gaining a true friend. Little does Juni know that far away in his castle off the coast of South America, Floop is in a pickle of his own; he is being contracted by Lisp (Robert Patrick), the head of a nameless corporation, to build an army for them, and so far, the candidates he's given them (The Fooglies and Thumb-Thumbs, additional characters from the show) have been unsatisfactory to their liking. Floop then presents them with his newest invention: robot children, or as he calls them, "Spy Kids." They resemble real-life children almost one-to-one while possessing the intelligence and cunning of the best super spies in the world. However, it's revealed that they lack the brains, quite literally, to properly communicate. Lisp chastises Floop for not keeping with their schedule, and demands that he finish his army in two days or everything he's built will be reduced to ashes. Back at the Cortez house, Gregorio is prepping to go on assignment to investigate the disappearances of the OSS agents, and despite his objections, he eventually allows an overeager Ingrid to join him. They call Uncle Felix (Cheech Marin) to watch over Carmen and Juni, and after being given coordinates by OSS superior, Miss Gradenko (Teri Hatcher), make their way underwater thanks to their spy vehicle. For the first time in nine years, the Cortezes were back in the game, but their excitement is cut short after realizing they now carry a heavy burden: concern for their children's safety. However, their thoughts are interrupted when they suddenly pick up a transmission from Floop, telling them they have something he desires, and they find themselves being chased by a sub. Gregorio tries to outrun it, but soon he and Ingrid end up getting engulfed by a much larger sub. Back at the Cortez house, alarms start sounding, which confuses the children but puts Felix on high alert. He tells them to follow him to another part of the house, while proceeding to explain everything along the way; Gregorio and Ingrid are retired spies, and in reality, he's not their uncle, but rather an OSS agent assigned to protect them. He takes Carmen and Juni to a secret transport called a Super Guppy, then leaves to gather important valuables, telling the children to press the blue and green buttons in the Guppy in case he doesn't return. The house is then invaded by Floop's Thumb-Thumbs, whom Felix manages to hold off long enough for Carmen and Juni to escape in the Guppy. The Thumb-Thumbs give chase in their own boats, but the kids manage to flee underwater and continue on an automated course to their parents' safe house. Imprisoned in Floop's Castle, Gregorio and Ingrid make an attempt to escape, winding up in the Virtual Room where Floop films his show. While admiring the simulated environments around them, they fall into a trap door that takes them to the dining area, where Floop himself is waiting for them, unimpressed by their pitiful breakout attempt. He gets acquainted with his captives and informs them of why they and the other OSS agents were captured; he is seeking the "Third Brain," an object of synthetic intelligence created and eventually destroyed by the OSS. Gregorio is revealed to have once been a part of the Third Brain Project twelve years ago, and he elaborates later on that when the OSS director expressed concern for the Brain's potentially destructive capabilities, he ordered the project terminated. However, the Brain itself couldn't be destroyed, so Gregorio faked its destruction and hid it away. He refuses to rebuild the project for Floop and is sent back to his cell via another trap door beneath his seat. At the safe house, Carmen and Juni equip themselves with spy gear in hopes of rescuing their parents, and find a scrapbook containing pictures from their parents' wedding, leading them to figure out that Ingrid's bedtime story was true all along. To their surprise, they're visited by Miss Gradenko, who's there to take them under her protection. She fills them in on Floop's evil intentions and asks to know where Gregorio is keeping the Third Brain. This reminds Carmen to tell her the phrase, "the Third Brain lives," as instructed by Felix back at the house, but that only prompts Gradenko and her men to start searching the safe house for the Brain. Juni then finds the Thumb-Thumbs outside destroying the Super Guppy, leading him to conclude Miss Gradenko is working for Floop, and after a series of scuffles and chases with jet packs, the two children manage to escape the rogue agents and Thumb-Thumbs with the Brain. While Floop is filming his show, he comes to a realization that it is lacking a key element, but his state of exasperation is interrupted by news of the children's escape from his assistant, Alexander Minion (Tony Shalhoub), a former OSS agent who was fired for attempting to insert his own personal concepts into the Third Brain Project. He pitches the idea of sending robotic clones identical to them to acquire the Brain, an idea that Floop reluctantly agrees to. They intercept Carmen and Juni at San Diablo, and despite Juni's efforts to destroy the Brain, he and Carmen are subdued and the clones end up leaving with the Brain in their possession. Despite their success, Floop eventually confesses to Minion that he no longer has the will or resolve to continue in building the army, but this is right around the time that Minion decides to assume control over all his operations, and has the robot children lock Floop inside the Virtual Room. To find their parents and stop Floop, Carmen and Juni are forced to find Isador "Machete" Cortez (Danny Trejo), Gregorio's older brother and best man at his wedding. After they prove they're his legitimate relatives, they ask for his help. However, he declines, as he had a falling out with his brother since he sells his tech to those good and bad, even Floop, and because he doesn't want to feel burdened with watching over his brother for the rest of his life. He's nice enough to offer them temporary lodging and a plane to get them to Floop's Castle, but during the night, the kids steal some of Machete's tech and a map of Floop's Castle, flying away in the plane before he can stop them. Along the way, they bicker and argue about their personal insecurities, which leads to them badly crippling the plane and eventually crash. Luckily, they jump ship into the water and sneak into Floop's Castle through an underwater cave. They acquire the parents' location thanks to the Fooglies, but end up separated when Carmen falls into a Thumb-Thumb producing chamber and Juni winds up in the Virtual Room with Floop. He initially fears Floop, but when he learns of Minion's evil intentions, he has a change of heart about him and, thanks to short-circuiting gum, frees the both of them. After bumping into Carmen, they make their way to the dungeon and free Ingrid and a Fooglie-ized Gregorio. Working together, they turn Gregorio back to normal and lure and trap Minion in the Fooglie-Making machine before making their way to the control room. However, along the way, Carmen and Juni's robotic clones apprehend the parents again. This leads to another showdown between the children and robots, while Floop tries to reprogram all the robots. Carmen and Juni manage to subdue their clones before meeting back up with their freed parents at Floop's throne room where Lisp, Miss Gradenko, and a Fooglie-ized Minion are residing. The family prepares themselves to take on the massive army of robot children summoned to the throne room, each with a duplicate of the Brain within them. Machete shows up to offer assistance, but at the last minute, Floop is able to program purity of heart and mind into the robots, causing them to attack the villains instead, tossing them around like toys. Afterward, Gregorio and Machete settle their past differences, Minion and Carmen and Juni's clones become characters on Floop's show, the robot army starts being used for the good of mankind, and Lisp and Gradenko presumably get arrested. As the film ends, the family is eating breakfast back home before receiving a communique from Devlin (George Clooney), Director of the OSS, requesting Carmen and Juni for a new assignment. Carmen tells him that the Cortezes will only accept missions not as individuals, but as a family, before ending the transmission. 
 Porco Rosso (1992)321) In 1930s Italy, a veteran World War I pilot is cursed to look like an anthropomorphic pig. In Early 1930's era Italy air pirates, bounty hunters and high fliers of all sorts rule the skies. The most cunning and skilled of these pilots is Porco Rosso. A former Ace, he now makes a living flying contract jobs, such as rescuing those kidnapped by air pirates. Donald Curtis, Porco's rival in the air and in catching the affections of women, provides a constant challenge to the hero, culminating in a hilarious, action packed finale. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. &#12302;&#32005;&#12398;&#35930;&#12303; Marco Pagot (voice: Michael Keaton in the Disney English dub), a WWI pilot who has lost faith in humanity and acquired a curse that turned him into a pig, is now known as Porco Rosso. Porco has become an airborne bounty hunter, offering his services from a small island hideout for a fee. When word comes that some sea pirates have kidnapped a group of girls from a cruise liner, Porco goes after the pirates, severely damaging their aircraft. Porco strikes a deal with them: turn over the girls and half of the loot collected, and he'll let the pirates go. Being desperately in need of money, the pirates comply, and Porco returns the girls to the cruise liner. After the rescue, Porco goes to the Hotel Adriano, where he talks with Gina (voice: Susan Egan ), an old friend who owns the hotel and sings in the club. While there, Porco meets an American pilot named Donald Curtis (voice: Cary Elwes ), who has been hired by a local band of sea pirates. Afterwards, Porco and Gina sit down to a meal, reminiscing about the old days. Looking at her wall, Porco notices a photo of several younger persons, with the face of one of the young men scratched out. Porco tells Gina of his wish that the photo be taken down, but she refuses, saying that even with the scratched-out face, it's the only known photo of Marco when he was still human. Porco returns to his island hideaway. Over the radio, he hears that several bands of sea pirates have pooled their resources and robbed another cruise liner, delivering the caveat that they are planning to get Porco next. Porco decides to head off to Milan to enjoy the scenery and get his plane repaired. However, on the way there, an impromptu dogfight breaks out when Curtis spies Porco; Porco's plane is heavily damaged and the engine gives out entirely. Porco saves the body of his plane by hiding it under the greenery on a small island. Believing that Porco has been killed, Curtis flies off. Porco has the plane transported to Milan. He calls Gina to let her know he is all right since reports have surfaced that Curtis shot him down. Gina tries to get Porco to change his mind about Milan, as the Italian authorities have a warrant out for his arrest. Porco ignores her concern. He rings up an old friend named Piccolo (voice: David Ogden Stiers ) who can repair his plane. Upon arrival at the Piccolo SPA workshop, Porco finds that all of the men that Piccolo worked with (both family and friends) have gone off to find work elsewhere. Piccolo's new staff is his granddaughter Fio (voice: Kimberly Williams-Paisley ) and the female relatives of his former workforce. Porco is at first against having someone as inexperienced as Fio redesign and work on his plane, but he relents when she displays a natural enthusiasm and knowledge for planes and design work. Eventually, the plane is completed, but word has reached Porco that the Italian police know he's there and intend to arrest him. Porco tries to make an early-morning escape, but is thrown for a loop when Fio invites herself along, intending to make sure the plane functions perfectly and to make any necessary adjustments. Porco and Fio escape in a hair-raising take-off from a canal. They make their way to Porco's island hideaway. However, the sea pirates have already arrived with intent to hurt Porco and smash his plane. Surprisingly, Fio talks them out of their plan, speaking of honor among sea pirates. The meeting is interrupted when Curtis climbs down the cliff to challenge Porco to a duel. Upon seeing Fio, he claims that he wants to marry her if he wins. Fio (without Porco's consent) agrees, but only under the stipulation that if Porco wins, Curtis pays the fee for Porco's plane and repair costs. The sea pirates leave, and Porco and Fio settle down for the evening, with plans for the duel the next day. As she lies in a sleeping bag, Fio looks at Porco, and for a few moments, glimpses him in human form. However, when she calls to Porco, his face reverts to his porcine features. Fio asks Porco about the curse, but he doesn't reveal much. Fio playfully suggests that maybe if she kisses him, he'll turn human again, as in the story of the princess and the frog. Porco dismisses this and tells Fio to go to sleep. She agrees to do so if Porco will tell her a story. Porco relates a story in which he and several of his comrades (one of them Gina's late husband) engaged in a dogfight. During the battle, Porco found himself shrouded in a cloud bank. When his plane emerged above the clouds, it was not under his control. He saw a massive procession of different airplanes high above, all flying together in a tight group. As he watched, the downed enemy planes, as well as those of his downed comrades and Gina's husband, drifted up and joined the procession. Porco called to his friend and tries to go after him, but the controls on his plane refused to move. Eventually, the plane drifted down below the clouds, and he lost consciousness; when he came to he found himself over the ocean. The next day, the sea pirates host the air duel between Porco and Curtis. Numerous persons from around the Mediterranean have congregated on a small island where members of the pirate gangs are taking bets on the two combatants. Finally, the duel gets underway. However, while Curtis attempts to shoot down Porco, Porco's code of not firing on another pilot keeps him from easily taking down Curtis. After some time, Porco finally has a bead on Curtis' engine, but finds his guns jammed. Curtis has also run out of ammunition, and soon the two pilots are throwing whatever they can at the other and yelling. Finally, the two land their planes and engage in a fistfight to settle the score. During the fight, Curtis brings up Gina and how she's been waiting for Porco. Finally, the two knock each other out and fall into the water. Just then, Gina arrives and berates Marco for trying to ruin Fio's life as well. This seems to give Porco the will to get up, winning the fight. Gina tells the rest of the bystanders that the Italian Air Force has heard of what is going on, and are sending their planes to intercept. The majority of the spectators flee the island and Porco puts Fio in Gina's plane, despite Fio's protests. As the plane takes off, Fio leans out and kisses Porco. With only Porco and Curtis left, the two agree to work together to lead the Italian Air Force away, but not before Curtis notices something different about Porco's face. Fio ties up the loose ends in a voice-over: Porco helps lead the Italian Air Force away and is not caught. Curtis goes back to the United States, where he becomes a movie star. Fio and Gina become friends, and Fio stops by to see Gina every once in a while. The air pirates still frequent Gina's establishment, even as the years have gone by and they have moved on or retired. Fio later took over the Piccolo Company, putting her design and airplane knowledge to use. Whether Porco and Gina ended up together, Fio tells us, is still a secret. 
 Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over (2003)431) Carmen's caught in a virtual reality game designed by the Kids' new nemesis, the Toymaker. It's up to Juni to save his sister, and ultimately the world. Under-age agents Juni and Carmen Cortez set out on their newest most mind-blowing mission yet: journeying inside the virtual reality world of a 3-D video game designed to outsmart them, as the awe-inspiring graphics and creatures of gaming come to real life. Relying on humor, gadgetry, bravery, family bonds and lightning-quick reflexes, the Spy Kids must battle through tougher and tougher levels of the game, facing challenges that include racing against road warriors and surfing on boiling lava, in order to save the world from a power hungry villain. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Juni Cortez has now retired from being a spy and is trying to live a normal life. But he gets thrown back into the spy world, when his sister Carmen Cortez is kidnapped by the Toymaker. Carmen is trapped inside the Toymaker's video game, and the only way Juni can reach her is by going into the third dimensional world himself. FilmFanUK Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This is the third movie of this series. The premise of the movie is one that Alexa Vega (Carmen Cortez) is caught in a virtual reality game and Daryl Sabara (Juni Cortez) her brother must get her out. The spy kids go into this video game to fight the Toymaker played by Sylvester Stallone. If you remember the movie `Tron', you will see about the same thing in this one. The characters in the game have a certain number of lives, and they must fight to get to the fifth level to win. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 