nm0005562:

 Starsky & Hutch (2004)431) Two streetwise cops bust criminals in their red and white Ford Gran Torino, with the help of a police snitch called "Huggy Bear". Set in the 1970s in a metropolis called "Bay City," this is the tale of two police detective partners, Ken "Hutch" Hutchinson, and Dave Starsky, who always seem to get the toughest cases from their boss, Captain Dobey, rely on omniscient street informer Huggy Bear and race to the scene of the crimes in their souped-up 1974 Ford Torino hot rod, telling the story of their first big case (as a prequel to the TV show), which involved a former college campus drug dealer who went on to become a white collar criminal. Austin4577@aol.com It's 1975, we witness the birth of the partnership of undercover cops Starsky and Hutch. One is uptight and by-the-book, the butt of hazing by other officers; he runs through a dozen partners in two years. The other steals from bookies and hangs out with low-lifes. Bad-guy Reese Feldman is importing an odorless, tasteless cocaine that fools drug-sniffing dogs. One of his murder victims washes up on shore about the time Hutch's informants tell him a big cocaine deal is going down. But, our fearless duo moves too quickly, and they are suspended from the force; the partnership founders amid bad feeling. Can they patch it up, don disguises, and ferret out where the murderer hid the coke? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This movie is a remake of the 1970s TV series with detective partners Dave Starsky (Ben Stiller) and Ken 'Hutch' Hutchinson (Owen Wilson) working undercover in Bay City, California. Their savvy and well dressed street informant, Huggy Bear (Snoop Dogg) gives Starsky & Hutch information about a big drug deal that is about to go down. Reese Feldman (Vince Vaughn) is the drug dealer who is about to make millions in the biggest drug deal of his life. Reese is not going to let two cops take him down without a fight. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 The Royal Tenenbaums (2001)321) The eccentric members of a dysfunctional family reluctantly gather under the same roof for various reasons. Three grown prodigies, all with a unique genius of some kind, and their mother are staying at the family household. Their father, Royal had left them long ago, and comes back to make things right with his family. MonkeyKingMA Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Royal and Etheline Tenenbaum (Gene Hackman and Anjelica Houston) are a wealthy couple living in New York City with their three children, all of whom are incredibly gifted in particular fields. Their older son Chas is a genius of finance and chemistry, their adopted daughter Margot is a recognized playwright, and younger son Richie is a tennis prodigy. Royal, a disbarred lawyer, loves his family but is often brash and insensitive to their needs. He and Etheline separate (though do not divorce) when the children are young, and Royal moves into an expensive hotel where he remains for 22 years, isolated from his family. As adults, the three Tenenbaum children are wearied, tragic versions of their former selves. Chas (Ben Stiller) is mourning the loss of his wife in a plane crash six months earlier, and is struggling with the duty of raising their two sons, Ari and Uzi, on his own. Margot (Gwyneth Paltrow) is stoic and enigmatic, suffering from writer's block and enduring a listless marriage to the much-older neurologist Raleigh St. Clair (Bill Murray). Richie (Luke Wilson) retired from professional tennis after a mysterious emotional meltdown at a crucial match, and had been traveling the world on a cruise ship for a year. Etheline, mature and academic (in contrast to her estranged husband), works as an archaeologist. A chain of events is set in motion when Etheline's smitten accountant Henry Sherman (Danny Glover) proposes marriage to her. Etheline truly cares for Henry, but asks for time to think over her situation with Royal. Meanwhile, the family's longtime servant Pagoda (Kumar Pallana) reports the news to Royal, who resolves to win his family back. Chas and his sons move back in with Etheline, as Chas has increasing paranoia about the boys' safety. After hearing this news, Margot returns home as well, craving a change from her odd married life (she spent most of the day locked in the bathroom, indulging in her secret vice of chain-smoking). Margot is also having an affair with Richie's best friend, novelist Eli Cash (Owen Wilson), although Eli knows that Richie is secretly in love with Margot, his own adopted sister. Royal runs out of cash and is evicted from his hotel. Ashamed of facing his family with the truth, he resolves to win them back through fraud. He meets with Etheline and convinces her that he has terminal stomach cancer and wants to make amends with her and the children before his approaching death. She hesitantly agrees, but meanwhile accepts Henry Sherman's proposal. Chas is indignant over Royal's return, as he still mistrusts his father. Margot appears indifferent, while Richie is more sympathetic and loving. Royal rmoves into the family house with a large amount of medical equipment (borrowed from a hospital worker who "owed him a favor"). During his stay, he finally meets his grandsons and the three form a tight bond. While Royal attempts to once again relate to his children, he becomes increasingly jealous of Henry Sherman. After a verbal altercation, Henry reveals to the family that Royal is faking his terminal illness (Royal eats greasy foods and swallows Tic Tacs from a prescription bottle). A furious Etheline sends a dejected Royal out of the house. He and Pagoda get a room at the YMCA and take jobs as elevator operators at the hotel Royal was evicted from. Richie is still torn over his love for Margot, and is tormented when her husband Raleigh unveils his suspicions of her infidelity. They hire a private investigator, who uncovers many elements of her past that had been completely unknown: A nine-day marriage in Jamaica, her heavy smoking habit, her escape from boarding school, a lesbian affair in Paris, and numerous lovers in New York including Eli Cash. Raleigh is depressed by the news, but Richie is nearly destroyed. Locking himself in the bathroom, he shaves his head and his beard and slits his wrists. He is found in time for doctors to save him, but the incident shakes the family. Raleigh finally leaves Margot. Richie later escapes the hospital and returns home, finding Margot in his room listening to records. Margot is devastated that she caused Richie so much pain, and admits that she is in love with him as well. Realizing that he only wants happiness for his family, Royal provides his wife with the divorce he had denied her for decades. On Etheline and Henry's wedding day, with family and guests crowding the house and street, Eli crashes his car into the side of the house while heavily dosed with Mescaline. He nearly hits Ari and Uzi, and kills their ever-present pet Beagle. A livid Chas chases Eli through the house, causing more damage and injuries, until they both collapse and admit they need help to move on with their lives. The ceremony temporarily forgotten, the family and wedding party scatter around the house to remedy the damage. Royal buys a Dalmatian from the firefighters called to the scene, and presents it to Chas to replace the deceased Buckley. Chas makes up with his father, and Royal shows sympathy for his son's grief as a widower. Two days later, Etheline and Henry are finally married in judge's chambers. Royal lives happily with his family, particularly with Chas, Ari, and Uzi. At age 68, Royal suffers a fatal heart attack. The family gathers at his funeral, reflecting on the recent past, as Royal is buried under a gravestone featuring a passage describing how he "saved his family from the wreckage of a sinking battleship." 
 Wedding Crashers (2005)651) John Beckwith and Jeremy Grey, a pair of committed womanizers who sneak into weddings to take advantage of the romantic tinge in the air, find themselves at odds with one another when John meets and falls for Claire Cleary. Two friends, John (played by Owen Wilson) and Jeremy (Vince Vaughn), crash weddings to pick up women. One day they crash the wedding of the daughter of the Treasury Secretary, Secretary Cleary (Christopher Walken). Instead of short-term flings they end up being invited to the Clearys' island estate, and potentially meet the loves of their lives... grantss John and Jeremy, single in their mid-30s, mediate divorces in D.C.; their summer social life consists of crashing weddings (always with a back story) to meet young women for a one-night stand. As John thinks about growing up, Jeremy convinces him to go to one more, for the daughter of the Treasury Secretary. Each catches the eye of a daughter of the host. Jeremy scores with Gloria, who proves to be a psycho clinger; John wants real romance with Claire, but she has a boyfriend, a privileged hound. Can John convince Jeremy to stick around long enough so he can woo Claire, and can he tell her the truth about himself before she finds out from someone else? What if he messes up? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Guided by a set of "wedding crashing rules," Washington, D.C. divorce mediators John Beckwith and Jeremy Grey can charm their way into any wedding...and into the hearts of every bridesmaid...for one night. But at the biggest social event of the year, John breaks the rules and falls for Claire Cleary, the daughter of the United States Secretary of Treasury, William Cleary, and Jeremy is left at the mercy of her "stage-five-clinger" sex-crazed sister Gloria. Being there for his buddy, Jeremy follows John to the family's huge estate for a weekend that may even be too wild for these professional party animals. Christopher Howell (Ckh87520@aol.com) The thirty and something years old bachelor partners and best friends divorce mediators John Beckwith and Jeremy Grey have a hobby of crashing weddings following predetermined rules to have one night stand with different women. When they decide to crash the most important wedding of Washington pretending they are brothers, in a party promoted by the Secretary of Treasury William Cleary, John breaks their rules and has a crush on Claire Cleary and Jeremy scores the sex-addicted Gloria Cleary, both daughters of William. Gloria invites Jeremy to spend the weekend at the Cleary family estate, and John sees the chance to be close to Claire, in spite of her engagement with the arrogant Zachary "Sack" Lodge. Along the weekend with the dysfunctional Cleary family, John and Jeremy will fall in love for the sisters, but their real identities jeopardize the relationship. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) and Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) are business partners and lifelong buddies. They are divorce mediators with a recreational hobby of crashing weddings to pickup chicks. They've been given a secret set of wedding crashing rules by Chaz (Will Ferrell) the guru of wedding crashing. John and Jeremy crash any and all weddings and pretend to be brothers working as venture capitalists or some other line of work. They are so charming that they are able to bluff their way through each wedding when relatives ask who they are. Each spots a beautiful woman and catches her eye. Eventually, each wins the chosen woman's heart, and then it's on to the next wedding! They never stay in the background, but actually get in all the action and pictures of the cutting of the cake, the carrying of the wedding couple, and dancing with the bride. They become a hit at each reception. The daughter of Treasury Secretary William Cleary (Christopher Walken) is getting married, and it will be the social event of the year. After crashing the wedding, John and Jeremy set their target on the two Cleary sisters, Claire (Rachel McAdams) and Gloria (Isla Fisher). Jeremy is able to get close to Gloria, but John has Claire's boyfriend to contend with. John and Jeremy are able to get invited to a weekend party at the Cleary family estate, where they learn a few lessons about love. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Bottle Rocket (1996)Summaries Three friends plan to pull off a simple robbery and go on the run. Upon his release from a mental hospital following a nervous breakdown, the directionless Anthony joins his friend Dignan, who seems far less sane than the former. Dignan has hatched a hare-brained scheme for an as-yet-unspecified crime spree that somehow involves his former boss, the (supposedly) legendary Mr. Henry. With the help of their pathetic neighbor and pal Bob, Anthony and Dignan pull a job and hit the road, where Anthony finds love with motel maid Inez. When our boys finally hook up with Mr. Henry, the ensuing escapade turns out to be far from what anyone expected. Marty Cassady <martyc@bev.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 