nm0001570:

 Motherless Brooklyn (2019)321) In 1950s New York, a lonely private detective afflicted with Tourette's Syndrome ventures to solve the murder of his mentor and only friend. Set against the backdrop of 1950s New York, "Motherless Brooklyn" follows Lionel Essrog (Norton), a lonely private detective afflicted with Tourette's Syndrome, as he ventures to solve his friend's murder. Armed only with a few clues and the powerful engine of his obsessive mind, Lionel unravels closely-guarded secrets that hold the fate of the whole city in the balance. Warner Bros. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set some year in the 1950s in New York City, Lionel Essrog (Edward Norton) owns and works a detective agency alongside Gilbert Coney (Ethan Suplee), Danny Fantl (Dallas Roberts), and Tony Vermonte (Bobby Cannavale). Their boss, Frank Minna (Bruce Willis), found them when they were being raised in the orphanages and rescued them, and now they all work for him. Lionel is kind and smart, but also plagued by Tourette's syndrome which makes him seem strange and as such he leads a fairly isolated life. But alongside his Tourette's also come things like perfect recall and memory which make him good at detective work. Frank has been at work on a secret job and is taking a big, secret meeting for it - he asks Lionel and Gilbert to shadow him in case it goes south. Lionel listens over the phone as Frank presents some important information that is threatening some sort of big deal to a group of men - William Lieberman (Josh Pais), Lou (Fisher Stevens), and an extremely large henchman. They ask Frank where the original copies are, and Frank tries to negotiate a high price for them, so the men drag him out to force him to take them to the originals. Lionel and Gilbert follow in their car, and arrive just in time to see Frank being shot. He tells them he led the goons on a goose chase and made a run for it - they take him to the hospital but it's too late, and Frank dies. Frank's widow Julia (Leslie Mann) leaves Tony in charge of the office. Lionel, determined to find out what Frank was working on and who killed him, begins wearing Frank's hat and coat and starts investigating. He finds a matchbox in Frank's coat pocket and goes to check out an African-American bar. Piecing together a few of the words he heard on the phone call, he realizes that whatever Frank found, it involved Laura Rose (Gugu Mbatha-Raw), a young woman working for Gabby Horwitz (Cherry Jones). Gabby and Laura are fighting gentrification in the city - poor and minority neighborhoods are being bought out and demolished and their inhabitants forced out of the city. Lionel goes to a council meeting and sees Moses Randolph (Alec Baldwin), who the city folk blame for this problem. He's the one in charge of development and built half the parks in New York City. Lionel steals a reporter's credentials and begins asking questions - a man named Paul (Willem Dafoe) who rampaged against Moses in the meeting gives Lionel some tips. Lionel follows Laura and under the guise of reporting on the gentrification story gets to know her and about the situation. She takes him to the club that Frank was looking into and the two have a dance. Her father (Robert Wisdom), assuming that Lionel is one of Randolph's men, has his men beat Lionel unconscious - a trumpet player at the club (Michael K. Williams), rescues Lionel and lets him stay at his apartment. Lionel continues researching, and discovers that Paul is Moses's brother, and also that Lieberman is getting kickbacks on so many of the housing deals. He also realizes that the housing relocation programs are scams. Meanwhile, Paul, an engineer who is desperately trying to help the city and has been nearly cut off by his unethical brother, presents Moses with a huge renovation plan that will help the city greatly. Lionel gets a call from Laura's father, apologizing for the attack and saying he now knows he was one of Frank's men and he has information for him, but when Lionel goes to meet him at the club, he's been murdered and staged like a suicide. Laura finds him and is distraught, and so Lionel stays the night in her apartment to keep her company. He admits the truth about who he is and that he just wants justice for his friend Frank, and he believes her to be in danger. He tells her that Frank always called him "Motherless Brooklyn". When Lionel finds photos of Paul meeting with Laura's father, he confronts her - she explains that her "Uncle" Paul is her real father, and that she suspected this but they never told her officially. Lionel goes to Paul, and tells him he suspects that this information somehow is trouble for Moses, and he can't believe that he would put Laura's life in danger. Paul says that he did no such thing, that Frank and Laura's father had the idea to get more money out of Randolph's goons and he told them not to. He begs Lionel to find the evidence. Randolph's goons summon Lionel to meet with Moses. He tells Lionel to join his team and stop snooping, and gives him 24 hours to decide. Lionel eventually puts the pieces together and realizes that inside Frank's hat is the key to a safe deposit box. Inside is the deed to a building, and Laura's birth certificate: Moses is her father, not Paul. He gives the key to Paul and runs into Tony, who has been working for Randolph doing surveillance. They get a drink, and Tony admits he's been sleeping with Julia. He tells Lionel to take the deal, since Laura is about to be killed anyway. Lionel throws hot water in Tony's face and races to save Laura. He stops her just before she enters her apartment, and the two flee and eventually get the upper hand on the assassins: Laura knocks the large one off the fire escape, and Lou corners them with a gun but is hit over the head by the trumpet player, who had witnessed Lionel running in. Lionel has him drive Laura out of town. Lionel meets with Moses, and asks for his side of the story. Moses raped Laura's mother, an employee, and this information threatened to destroy everything. Paul signed off on the birth certificate because he's a man of morals. Moses wants to know what Lionel wants - for him to stop his latest leveling of a poor neighborhood? But Lionel says all his wants is Laura to be left alone, or he will release the information. He also tells him that Lieberman is on the take, and tells Moses that when he takes Lieberman out, to tell him it's for Frank. Moses tells Lionel to tell Paul that his plans are incredible and there's no reason to deny them. The next day, Moses denies Paul's plans anyway out of spite. Lionel drives out to the property that Frank left him in the deed, where Laura is waiting for him. 
 Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance) (2014)761) A washed-up superhero actor attempts to revive his fading career by writing, directing, and starring in a Broadway production. Actor Riggan Thomson is most famous for his movie role from over twenty years ago of the comic book superhero Birdman in the blockbuster movie of the same name and its two equally popular sequels. His association with the role took over his life, where Birdman is more renowned than "Riggan Thomson" the actor. Now past middle age, Riggan is trying to establish himself as a true artist by writing, directing, starring in and co-producing with his best friend Jake what is his Broadway debut, an adaptation of Raymond Carver 's story, What We Talk About When We Talk About Love. He is staking his name, what little artistic reputation that comes with that name and his life savings on the project, and as such will do anything needed to make the play a success. As he and Jake go through the process of the previews toward opening night, Riggan runs into several issues: needing to find a replacement for the integral supporting male role the night before the first preview; hiring the talented Broadway name, Mike Shiner, for that role, Mike who ends up being difficult to work with and who may end up overshadowing Riggan in the play; having to deal potentially with a lawsuit based on one of his actions to ensure success; needing to be there for his daughter, Sam, who he has hired to be his production assistant and who has just come out of drug rehab; and pleasing the New York Times critic, Tabitha Dickinson, who wants to use any excuse to give the play a scathing review which in turn would close the show after the opening night performance. But Riggan's biggest problem may be his own insecurities, which are manifested by him constantly hearing what he believes to be the truth from the voice of his Birdman character, who he often battles both internally and externally. Huggo Riggan is a man struggling to make his mark in the world. Having achieved fame as "Birdman", he voluntarily walked away from the on screen role, and battled the inner voices that had him believe he was more powerful than anyone could imagine. Old, irrelevant, but still driven, Riggan has chosen to pursue his dream of honoring the man who inspired him over 20 years ago. Riggan and those around him are all facing similar battles, but seem to be unaware of any but their own. Determined to make his play a success, he overcomes obstacle after obstacle in order to ensure it is a success on the stage. Surrounded by his daughter and the actors he's chosen, Riggan works to come to terms with the realities of life. Moments of brutal honesty affect him and those around him. Nearly everyone finds themselves in both positions, of giving and receiving the words they need to hear in that moment. Riggan attempts to let himself truly feel what he needs to so he can find inner peace and freedom. Opening night finds him offering the performance of his life for more reasons than one, and the success of that night will make or break the future of his play. Like everything else, his handling of events is affected by demons only he is aware of. ahmetkozan Riggan Thomson is an actor who played the famous and iconic superhero "Birdman" over 20 years ago. Now, in his middle-age, he is directing his debut on Broadway, a drama called "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love", an adaptation from a Raymond Carver story. With the help of his assistant and daughter Sam, and his producer Jake, he will play out the show previews, even when a talented actor he hired on, Mike Shiner act arbitrarily, the internal issues between him and the other casts, his useless maximum efforts to critics, and the unexpected voices of his old character- the Birdman, pushing his sanity until the first debut show. Gusde Former cinema superhero Riggan Thomson is mounting an ambitious Broadway production that he hopes will breathe new life into his stagnant career. It's risky, but he hopes that his creative gamble will prove that he's a real artist and not just a washed-up movie star. As opening night approaches, a cast mate is injured, forcing Riggan to hire an actor who is guaranteed to shake things up. Meanwhile, Riggan must deal with his girlfriend, daughter and ex-wife. Jwelch5742 A washed-up actor is confronted with turbulent family drama, pretentious co-stars, and malicious critics as he attempts to write, direct, and star in his own Broadway production and escape the shadow of his former film alter-ego, Birdman. wjones020 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening shot, what appears to be booster rockets from a space shuttle shoot through the sky. Note: Almost everything from here until the final scene is designed to look like one continuous shot -- long takes by a single camera, edited together to look like one seamless shot, similar to Alfred Hitchcock's 1948 experimental film Rope (1948) . Interior: St. James Theater, New York City Riggan Thomson ( Michael Keaton ), seen from the rear, is sitting cross-legged and floating a few feet above the floor in his dressing room. He's wearing only tighty-whities. The voice of Birdman, seemingly coming from a Birdman movie poster, taunts him. The voice tells him he's a has-been and should never have quit making Birdman movies. He hates it in this small, dirty dressing room that smells like balls. Riggan is a washed-up actor trying his hand at live theater after walking away from a superhero franchise playing Birdman. Riggan gets a video call from his assistant/daughter Sam ( Emma Stone ). She's at a flower shop and they don't have the kind of flowers her dad wants. He tells her to get something that smells good. She reaches for some roses as the call cuts off and he says not to get roses; it's not clear whether she hears him. Over the PA, Riggan is called to the stage for rehearsal. On his way to the stage, Riggan talks to his manager, best friend, lawyer, and play producer Jake ( Zach Galifianakis ), who voices concern about Riggan starring in, writing and directing a play based on Raymond Carver's "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love" (a real short story). Ralph ( Jeremy Shamos ), one of the other actors, isn't very good. Riggan joins three other actors in a kitchen scene. They are Lesley ( Naomi Watts ), Ralph, and Laura ( Andrea Riseborough ). During the scene, Riggan looks up to the lighting grid and then one of the lights falls right on Ralph's head, knocking him out of consciousness and the play. They need to find a replacement and Jake is worried because time and money are both very tight. Lesley suggests famous actor Mike Shiner ( Edward Norton ), who is known to be difficult (he's available because he just quit/was fired from another project), but he'd be a big draw. She assures Riggan and Jake that Mike is interested, and when they ask how she knows him, she says "We share a vagina." Riggan goes back to his dressing room and Jake tells him to prepare for an afternoon of interviews. The interviewers are more interested in gossip and Riggan's lapsed career than they are in talking about the play. Later that night, Riggan goes back to the stage to meet with Mike. Mike is a very intense method actor. He surprises Riggan by already knowing his lines -- he learned them by helping Lesley. Mike breaks down several lines of dialogue with Riggan, makes some good suggestions that Riggan accepts, and agrees to do the play. Sam takes Riggan to costuming where he strips naked in front of her. Lesley comes in, doesn't realize Sam is behind a rack of clothes and tells Mike to put on clothes because Sam might come back and he shouldn't be naked in front of Riggan's drug addict degenerate loser daughter. Sam reveals herself and leaves. Lesley is embarrassed and yells at Mike. Laura tells Riggan that she's missed two periods and believes she's pregnant; he fakes (poorly) being happy. Then he asks if she's sure it's his. She leaves in a huff. Jake tells Riggan that Mike is way over their budget, but Riggan says he'll pay for him himself. Jake is helping the production avoid a lawsuit from Ralph by threatening to tell the press about odd porn Ralph is into. The play starts its preview performances. Mike drinks real gin on stage. The stage manager tells Riggan just as he's about to enter, so Riggan casually switches the real gin with prop gin. During Riggan's monologue, Mike realizes his gin was swapped out and he breaks the scene in front of the packed house to yell at Riggan for not committing to the performance and the characters. Riggan calls for the curtain to drop and he and Mike get into an argument. Riggan tells Mike that his heart went into this production and he "doesn't need him fucking it up." Mike tells Riggan that he's just a movie star and has no right to be on Broadway in the first place. Riggan storms off the stage and tells Jake that he wants Mike fired, but Jake points out that since Mike was brought on, pre-sell tickets have gone through the roof. Mike can't leave. Riggan's ex-wife Sylvia ( Amy Ryan ) was in the audience. She goes to Riggan's dressing room to see how he's doing. He tells her that he wants to refinance their Malibu home to help pay for the play. She's upset because that was supposed to be Sam's home one day. But she grudgingly agrees. Riggan tells Mike he wants to talk to him outside. Riggan says he has a lot riding on this play and he feels that Mike resents him because he's popular. Mike tells him that popularity is the slutty little cousin of prestige. They walk to a bar and Riggan tells Mike that he decided to become an actor because when he was much younger he did a play and afterwards Raymond Carver sent him a complimentary note on a napkin, which Riggan shows Mike. Mike points out that it's on a bar napkin and surmises that Carver was drunk at the time, so it doesn't mean anything. Mike also asserts that previews where the actors get to know the work -- just rehearsals that some suckers are willing to pay to see -- so it doesn't matter that the previews haven't gone well. The only show that matters is opening night and the only opinion that matters is at the end of the bar. He's referring to Tabitha ( Lindsay Duncan ), the theater critic for the New York Times. Her review will make or break a play. On Broadway, no one cares about a washed-up movie star like Riggan Thomson. On cue, a family asks Mike if he'll take their picture with Riggan because they're huge fans. They don't recognize Mike. On his way out, Mike stops to taunt Tabitha. She asks if he's worried she'll give him a bad review. He says he knows she will if he ever gives her a bad performance. Mike also tells Tabitha that he feels that Riggan is legit. During the second preview things go better until they get to the finale, where Riggan's character catches Mike's character in a hotel bed with Lesley's character. Unfortunately, as they're about to do the scene, Mike tells Lesley that he has an erection and proposes they have sex for real on stage in front of everyone. Over her objections, he tries to have sex with her as the scene begins. Riggan's character bursts on stage and points a gun at them. Mike jumps out of bed and reveals to everyone a massive erection. Riggan continues with the scene and delivers his final monologue as the audience laughs at Mike's penis. He tells them that he realizes he's nothing now and then he shoots himself in the head. Everyone cheers and the play is finished. The cast bows and it's a success. Lesley is upset and on the way to her dressing room is heard to mutter that Mike hasn't been able to get it up in months. Riggan goes to her dressing room and tells her that she's brave and wonderful. Laura is there and afterwards tells Lesley that she's hurt that in all the time she's been with Riggan, he's never said anything nearly that nice to her. Laura and Lesley end up kissing. Riggan is still angry at Mike. Mike tells Riggan to get a better gun because the prop gun has a red tip and he doesn't find it realistic enough to intimidate him. Mike goes to the roof to smoke and runs into Sam. They play truth or dare. She comes on to him, but he reveals that the erection on stage was the first he's had in a long time. He doesn't think he could perform sexually even if he wanted to. She asks what he would like to do to her if he could. He says he'd like to pop out her eyes and see the city through her young, nave eyes. She goes inside. The next day the newspaper runs a piece about the play. There's a front page interview with Mike where he takes ownership of the story about Raymond Carver seeing him perform and sending back the note. There's a tiny story deeper in the paper mentioning Riggan. Riggan trashes his dressing room and the Birdman poster using telekinesis. Riggan is pissed and goes to Mike's dressing room where he finds Mike tanning. He drags Mike into a cafeteria area and they fight. They do the play. Riggan sees Mike and Sam canoodling. He decides to go outside for a cigarette before his final scene. Unfortunately he locks himself out of the theater and his bathrobe gets stuck in the door. So he has to walk around the block to the front of the theater, through the crowds in Times Square, dressed only in his underwear. He reenters the theater and takes the stage from the back of the house (still in his underwear) and walks through the audience pointing his finger like a gun. A crew member hands him a prop gun and they finish the scene. After the show, Riggan goes to the bar again and runs into Tabitha. He takes a drink over to her and starts to tell her the story of the Raymond Carver napkin. She says she doesn't care. She's going to bury his play tomorrow because she has no respect for movie stars who want to pretend to be real actors. He tells her he is an actor and she corrects him by telling him that he's just a celebrity. She leaves and he downs the martini he bought for her and walks out, leaving behind the cocktail napkin with Carver's note. Riggan gets drunk and passes out on a stoop, with his head on a bag of trash. The next morning he wakes up and starts walking down the street with conviction. The voice of Birdman has now taken form as the Birdman character walking with Riggan. It tells him that he doesn't need this play. He should go back to Hollywood and make another Birdman movie. Everyone would love it and he'd make a fortune. Riggan imagines the city street turning into a scene of a big blockbuster action movie with explosions, helicopters, and giant robots. He returns to reality and goes up to the roof of a building. A man comes out and asks him to come away from the ledge. Riggan does. The man asks if he's okay and if he has somewhere to go. Riggan says he is ok and knows just where to go -- then he turns, runs and jumps off the building. He flies through the city like a superhero, goes back to the St. James Theater, and goes inside.On the way in he passes a cab and the driver is mad that Riggan didn't pay him. The driver follows Riggan inside and comes out a minute later. Riggan runs into Sam, tells her she's doing a great job and asks her how life is treating her. They have a heart to heart talk. She puts dashes on toilet paper and explains that they taught her that in rehab. Each dash represents 1000 years. One sheet is the span that humans have been on earth. The rest of the roll represents how long the planet existed. It puts it all in perspective. He tells her that this play is his chance to finally do something that's important. She tells him that he doesn't understand. This isn't important. He's not important. None of this is important. They're a dash on a sheet of toilet paper. Laura tells Riggan that he doesn't have to worry because she's not pregnant. Sam and Mike have sex in the rafters above the stage. It's opening night. Riggan's dressing room is full of flowers, but they're almost all roses, which he dislikes. Sylvia stops by to wish him luck. Riggan reveals to her that on the night she caught him cheating on her, he went out to the ocean to try to drown himself, but kept getting zapped by jellyfish, so he dragged himself back to the shore. (She remembers that at the time he told her he got sunburned.) He says he has to do this play tonight because it's a chance for him to finally do something right. After she leaves, Riggan pulls a real gun out and goes to the stage. He delivers his big monologue about how he realizes hes nothing and then he shoots himself in the head for real. The audience is in shock and then everyone except Tabitha gives it a standing ovation. Tabitha slips out, presumably to meet her deadline. The rockets fly through the air again. Jellyfish lie on a beach. In Riggan's hospital room, Jake tells Riggan and Sylvia that the play was a huge success. He has Sylvia read from Tabitha's review, which says Riggan has inaugurated a new era of theater called Ultra-Realism. It's suggested that Riggan didn't know the gun was real -- Tabitha's review is headlined "The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance" (the subtitle of the movie). Jake says Riggan shot off his nose but now has a new one. Sam brings Riggan lilacs, flowers he likes, but he can't smell them. Sam takes a picture of Riggan and says she's posting it on his Twitter account, which she just created for him. She leaves to get a vase. The bandages on Riggan's face cover the same area that the Birdman mask covered. He goes into the bathroom, takes off his bandages, and looks at himself in the mirror. His nose is bruised and swollen and he has two big shiners. He goes back into his room and sees birds flying outside the window. He opens it and stands on the ledge. When Sam returns, Riggan is gone. Sam looks out the open window to the ground, but apparently doesn't see him. She looks up into the sky and smiles. 
 Keeping the Faith (2000)44) Two friends, a priest and a rabbi, fall in love with the same woman they knew in their youth, but the religious position of both men denies them romance. Jake and Brian are friends. They are Jewish and Catholic respectively. They would grow up and become a rabbi and priest. Anna, whom they knew when they were younger, comes back to town a stunning woman. Jake is up to be the head of his synagogue but he is not married which doesn't make his appointment any easier. Jake finds himself attracted to Anna but because she's not Jewish, he can't marry her as it would make his appointment less likely. Brian also finds himself attracted to Anna, but the priesthood doesn't allow that. Their friendship is strained when each learns of the other's feelings for her. rcs0411@yahoo.com Best friends, a priest and a rabbi, fall in love with the same girl. However, neither of the men can pursue the relationship due to their religious position: the priest can not break his vow of celibacy and the rabbi can not marry her since she is not Jewish. Anonymous A love triangle between three friends. Rabbi Jake Schram and Father Brian Finn, two friends, are out to update their religions and draw in more worshipers. With the arrival of Anna Reilly, an old childhood friend of the two, the men's lives are thrown a curve ball. Anna has become a stunning beauty with a lot of spunk and ambition, and both of them want her. A major road block to Anna for both men is their religion. Jake is up for a head position at his synagogue and taking on a non-Jewish partner is frowned upon, besides the fact that his mother disowned his brother for marrying a non-Jewish woman. Brian has given a vow of celibacy to become a priest. Anna Chan <annachan@amazon.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Primal Fear (1996)541) An altar boy is accused of murdering a priest, and the truth is buried several layers deep. When a young man, Aaron, is charged with the horrific murder of Archbishop Rushman, hot-shot Chicago lawyer Martin Vail takes on his defense at no charge. Aaron was a homeless street kid before he was taken in by the Archbishop. He's shy and speaks with a stammer. Vail is convinced that Aaron is innocent but after discovering a video that shows Aaron may have had good reason to want the Archbishop dead, he begins to question that conclusion. When Aaron lashes out at the psychologist examining him another personality, Roy, is revealed. With the trial already underway, Vail cannot change Aaron plea and so has to find a way to introduce his client's condition. Aaron has something of a surprise for him as well. garykmcd Martin Vail left the Chicago DA's office to become a successful criminal lawyer, that success predicated on working on high profile cases. As such, he fights to get the case of naive nineteen year old rural Kentuckian Aaron Stampler, an altar boy accused of the vicious bludgeoning death of Archbishop Rushman of Chicago. The story that Aaron tells Marty is that he, abused by his father, was in the room when the murder was committed by a third party, a shadowy figure he did not see, before he blacked out, which commonly happens to him. Not remembering anything during the blackout period, he awoke covered in the archbishop's blood, his fright the reason he ran from the police. He also states that he had no reason to kill the archbishop, who he loved as the father he wished he had. Marty doesn't care if he is guilty or innocent, but needs to know the truth to defend him adequately. Unlike the rest of the world, Marty does believe his story, he who hopes he can use Aaron's general appearance of being an innocent to his advantage. The powerful state attorney, John Shaughnessy, who Marty has had many a moral run-in, wants a first degree murder conviction and the death penalty in this case. He appoints to the case Janet Venable, who still has bad feelings toward Marty, an ex-lover, their six month relationship which ended badly. Although the case looks to be a slam dunk for Janet, her career may be made or broken by its outcome. In building his case, Marty comes across some major pieces of information, some pertaining to the Archbishop himself, and one uncovered by Dr. Molly Arrington about Aaron, she a psychiatrist hired by Marty to assess Aaron's mental state. These pieces of information as a collective pose a problem for Marty in how to mount a credible and legitimate defense for his client. It is more of a moral dilemma for Marty if only because he believes the life of a young man, who he believes in, is at stake. Huggo As the brutal murder of Chicago's beloved archbishop by the hand of the shy nineteen-year-old altar boy, Aaron Stampler, makes the headlines, the high-profile defence attorney, Martin Vail, takes the opportunity to be in the spotlight. Pro bono, Vail is eager to represent the penniless defendant and the case's seemingly obvious murderer; however, Aaron appears to know more than he lets on. Under those circumstances, is Stampler truly guilty of murder, or was he framed? Above all, is the arrogant and cynical lawyer prepared to dig deep into the popular priest's past to unearth the truth? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Martin Vail (Richard Gere) is a prominent, cynical defense attorney in Chicago who loves the public spotlight and does everything he can to get his high-paying clients off crimes they commit on legal technicalities. One of Vail's clients is a Cuban-American mobster named Joey Pinero (Steven Bauer), who's arrest Vail has just cleared on a legal technicality. Vail meets with Pinero at his bar hangout in Chicago's poverty stricken south side to discuss Pinero's options who was brutalized during his arrest months earlier, and now the city is offering Pinero a $1.5 million settlement for his injuries and to leave Chicago for good. Pinero agrees to take the settlement, but refuses to leave town for he claims that Chicago is his home and his "people" need him around for their own well being and protection. One day while at a bar, Vail sees a news report about the arrest of Aaron Stampler (Edward Norton), a young, stuttering, 19-year-old simpleton altar boy accused of murdering the beloved and highly respected Archbishop Rushman (Stanley Anderson) of the Catholic Church in Chicago in the archbishop's apartment. As a result, Vail jumps at the chance to represent the young man pro-bono. At first, the spotlight-loving Vail is interested primarily in the publicity that the case will bring, yet during his meetings at the county jail with Aaron, Vail comes to believe that his client is truly innocent, much to the chagrin of the prosecutor (and Vail's former lover), Janet Venable (Laura Linney). As the murder trial begins, Vail discovers through Pinero and other connections that wealthy and powerful civic leaders, including the corrupt States Attorney John Shaughnessy (John Mahoney) as well as the mayor, have recently lost millions of dollars in real estate investments due to a decision by the Archbishop not to develop on certain church-owned lands. The Archbishop received numerous death threats as a result. Vail also learns through the grapevine that the archbishop had been sexually abusing altar boys, including Stampler. After Vail and his associate Tommy Goodman (Andre Braugher), track down a man seen burglarizing Stampler's apartment, they track down and chase the man to a homeless encampment where they learn about a VHS tape that Rushman had. Vail secretly makes a search of Archbishop Rushman's apartment and discovers the VHS tape shot by Rushman which shows Stampler being forced to have sex with another teenage altar boy and a teenage girl named Linda Forbes. Vail is now in a dilemma: introducing this evidence would make Stampler more sympathetic to the jury, but it would also give him a motive for the murder-which Venable has been unable to establish. The trial does not proceed well for the defense, as there is considerable evidence against Stampler since he was found running from the crime scene of the Archbishop's apartment with blood splattered all over his clothes, and he claims not to remember anything about the murder. However, public opinion holds Stampler almost certainly guilty and there are denials by the public about the Archbishop's true nature of being a pedophile. Vail has the sex mailed tape to Venable, knowing that she will realize who sent it... since she is under intense pressure from both Shaughnessy and her boss Bud Yancy (Terry O'Quinn) to deliver a guilty verdict at any cost... and will use it as proof of motive. At the city jail, when Vail confronts his client and accuses him of having lied, Aaron breaks down crying and suddenly transforms into a new persona: a violent, foul-mouthed sociopath who calls himself "Roy." He confesses to the murder of the Archbishop for the years of molestation and abuse. "Roy" then throws Vail against a wall of his jail cell, injuring him. When this incident is over, Aaron Stampler reemerges and appears to have no recollection of it. Molly Arrington (Frances McDormand), the psychiatrist examining Aaron and who witnessed the entire event, is convinced he suffers from multiple personality disorder due to childhood abuse by his own father, in which apparently resurfaced following the molestation of the Archbishop upon him. However, Vail realizes that he cannot enter an insanity plea during an ongoing trial. As a result, Vail begins to sets up a confrontation in court by dropping hints about the Archbishop's true nature as well as Aaron's multi-personality disorder. At the climax, Vail puts Aaron on the witness stand where he gently probes him in direct examination over his unhappy childhood and troubled dealings with the Archbishop. He also introduces evidence that both Shaughnessy and Yancy had covered up evidence of Rushman molesting another young man (and also implies that Shaughnessy had Joey Pinero murdered when his body is found floating in the Chicago river). During cross-examination, after Janet Venable questions him harshly, Aaron turns into Roy in open court and charges at her, threatening to snap her neck if anyone comes near him. Aaron is subdued by courthouse marshals and is rushed back to his holding cell. In light of Aaron's apparent insanity, the corrupt Judge Shoat (Alfre Woodard) dismisses the jury in favor of a bench trial and then finds Aaron not guilty by reason of mental insanity, and remands him to a maximum security mental hospital. Yet afterwords, Janet is fired from her job for allowing the corrupt dealings of the Archbishop to be made public as well as the sexual abuse of alter boys that both the Catholic Church and the city council have been trying to hide for the past 10 years. In the final scene, Vail visits Aaron in his cell to tell him this news. Aaron says he recalls nothing of what happened in the courtroom, having again "lost time." However, just as Vail is leaving, Aaron asks him to: "tell Miss Venable I hope her neck is okay," which is not something that Aaron should have been able to remember if he had "lost time." Due to this slip, Vail points this out, whereupon Aaron Stampler grins slyly and reveals that he has been pretending to be insane the whole time. No longer stuttering, the murderous but perfectly sane Aaron admits that he didn't make up the identity of Roy... he made up the character of Aaron. Aaron Stampler now admits to having murdered Archbishop Rushman, as well as his girlfriend, Linda, whom the cleric also had molested. Aware that he would not get away with killing the Archbishop, Aaron made up his simpleton personality to gain sympathy from his lawyer as well as the judge and jury, and when his scheme had become compromised, he made up the name of 'Roy' (his real sociopath personality) to make it appear that he committed the murder under a split personality. Stunned and disillusioned at how he was so easily fooled and manipulated by his own client, Vail walks away, with Aaron/Roy taunting him from the cell. Vail leaves the courthouse through the back door and takes a taxi away, now more angry and cynical then ever, but ashamed to be in the public light anymore. 