nm0000206:

 Point Break (1991)541) An F.B.I. Agent goes undercover to catch a gang of surfers who may be bank robbers. In Los Angeles, California, a gang of bank robbers call themselves The Ex-Presidents. commit their crimes while wearing masks of ex-Presidents Reagan, Carter, Nixon, and Johnson. The F.B.I. believes that the members of the gang could be surfers, and send young Agent Johnny Utah undercover at the beach to mix with the surfers and gather information. Utah meets surfer Bodhi, and gets drawn into the lifestyle of his new friend. Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> Johnny Utah (Keanu Reeves) is a Special Agent for the F.B.I. Utah gets partnered with Angelo Pappas (Gary Busey), an experienced Agent, who is more than committed to his work. The two are asked to investigate the number of robberies committed by a group called The Ex-Presidents, who wear masks of former Presidents Reagan, Nixon, Carter, and Johnson for their robberies. Pappas has a theory that The Ex-Presidents are a group of surfers, and asks for Utah to go undercover as a surfer. The problem is, Utah couldn't surf to save his life. That, plus the two continuously being hassled by unpleasant and rough Agent Harp (John C. McGinley). With the help of Tyler (Lori Petty) a competent female surfer, Utah begins to gain the respect of local surfer Bodhi (Patrick Swayze) and his group. Utah forms a close bond with Bodhi, but the relationship between Utah and Bodhi becomes limited when Utah suspects that Bodhi and his group are The Ex-Presidents. Jeremy Thomson A string of systematic bank robberies by a daring gang of thieves who name themselves the Ex-Presidents, terrorise sun-drenched Southern California, as the rubber-masked criminals act fast without leaving a trace, right under the nose of the police. Under those circumstances--after following up on a lead--the clean-cut and inexperienced F.B.I. agent, Johnny Utah, goes undercover to infiltrate the local surfing community and extract information from his surf tutor, Tyler. Before long--as Johnny gets accepted into the group--he will befriend Bodhi, the mystic and enigmatic surf leader, who teaches him not only how to catch the perfect wave, but also how to find a new meaning in life. Inevitably, Johnny walks a thin line. How far will he go without blowing his cover? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bank robbers who are surfers? The F.B.I. force can hardly believe that Agent Angelo Pappas is actually considering such a thing. But what do they care? He's probably gone loopy, he's old and washed up, unable to adapt to the new system of the F.B.I. So they ignore his theory, letting the notorious bank robbers "The Ex Presidents" rob as many banks as they like. But Pappas can't believe it when a rookie Agent Johnny Utah is assigned to him! After all the kids a damn ex football player! How the hell is he suppose to solve this bank robbery case with this college punk by his side? But Pappas soon learns that Utah is a crack shot and he's also clever, and supportive of Pappas's mocked theory. Together they set out to get the elusive robbers, realising that sex wax was found at a previous crime scene and that the robberies only take place every summer. The robbers move with the waves. Utah goes deep undercover to find the surfers, meeting Tyler, a tough tomboy chick who can surf like a devil and is a very reluctant mentor as well. He says he's a lawyer and that his parents died, after learning from the F.B.I. system that Tyler's folks are dead too, he uses this to soften her and get her to be his teacher. But is Utah ready for the world of surfers? An elusive sort of tribe that rides on the waves and lives for the eternal thrill of almost meeting their end? He gets tumbled by massive waves and the spiritual and manipulative surfer, Bodhi, Tyler's ex boyfriend, and the leader of a pack of thrill seeking hot head surfers. Utah gets accepted into their group, but as he becomes closer to Bohdi and his pals, he loses sight of their guilt and grows to care for Bohdi as a friend. He botches up an operation with a possible group of surfer suspects who are in fact crystal meth dealers. Through a mass of shooting, blood and naked brawling with two angry females involved with the punks, they learn that these guys aren't their culprits. And that an undercover DEA agent was infact trying to bust them on drug dealing after months of undercover work. As if this isn't enough to make Utah want to take a ticket out of there, he almost catches Bohdi on a mad chase scene on foot, after he stakes out to catch the robbers, but is unable to shoot him because he cares for Bohdi. He also injures his already surgery plagued knee from falling off a slope onto concrete. Pappas doesn't buy Utah's story of him missing Bohdi as he knows Utah is an incredible marksman. Later Bohdi and Utah go sky diving, but the surfer has something up his sleeve. His psycho friend Rosie is holding Tyler hostage after she finds out that Utah isn't a lawyer but a cop and runs off after holding Johnny at gun point. Rosie threatens to kill Tyler and the only way Johnny can save her is by helping The Ex Presidents in one last hiest. But Bohdi makes a fatal error, he gets greedy and goes for the vault, over extending their time and losing a crew member, as well as killing an off duty cop who tries to be a hero. Johnny is knocked out by a maddened Bohdi and left to be arrested by his own force! Mocked by the ass licking agents who are always on his & Pappas's back. They arrest Johnny and are disgusted with him killing a fellow cop, but Utah is totally oblivious to this, hating Bohdi inwardly like a disease. Pappas knows Utah acted like a jock strap and made a bad move by falling into Bohdi's trap. But he defends his young partner anyway against the arrogant pompous ass that is Agent Ben Harp, telling the smart ass that he was on the force when he was still popping his zits and jerking off to the lingerie section of the Sears catalogue. He then punches Harp and knocks him out, saying that he's also always respected his elders and that Harp should learn to too! Now the heat is on, as Utah knows that the only reason he got involved in the robbery was because of Tyler, but now it's become too personal, and Bohdi has gone way too far. But then again, how far is too far for someone as radical as Bohdi? Utah and Pappas go alone to where he and Bohdi first went skydiving, and this results in a massive shoot off and Pappas being blown away by the cowardly Roach, who also gets shot and bleeds out on the plane. They get Utah on the plane and claim that there's no more parachutes, and Roach leaps off saying he'll see Johnny in Hell. Johnny jumps after Bohdi though and in an adrenaline pumping scene he tells Bohdi to pull the chute or he'll blow Bohdi's head off. Being fearless Bohdi says either way they die, and Johnny pulls the chute in a furious gesture of loathing for the other man. They land in the desert planes of an unknown area, Roach's corpse lies on the dusty ground and the money flits into the air with a green haze again the blue sky. Tyler is released by Rosie, and him and Bohdi ride off down the dusty track to where ever they plan to go. Years later, in Australia, Bohdi's prediction of the hundred year storm that would cause the Pacific to swell and produce huge ways, comes true. But Utah has been tracking his ex friend, and in the tumultous storm that the heavens spill upon the Australian coast, the sea swells and floods caused by colossal amounts of rain fall, we see Johnny again walking to the beach. Surfers retreat in droves from the beach, claiming that only a mad man would stay on the ocean in such a tremendous outbreak of fury over the sea. But Johnny knows one man who would, Bohdi, and he's come to collect him to be locked up at last. Bohdi is staring out to see, the figure of peace and in his eyes we see the hunger to ride those waves. Johnny breaks his trance and tells him that he's been tracking him and Rosie for some time now. And that he finally got a break when he found Rosie's marred corpse in a bar after a bad fight. He says he feared that Bohdi would just vanish after that though, but he knew that he would never miss the hundred year storm. Bohdi says that its typical that Utah's here, and that he guesses that the agent has finally got his man. He tries to escape though, almost drowning Johnny in the waves as they pummel each other, falling about in the greyish foam water of the sea. Utah handcuffs Bohdi however and tells him that he told the cops that Bohdi would go quietly. Bohdi begs him not do this, saying he'd die in a cage! Utah doesn't care anymore, it's time that his compadre went down. In the end however, he lets Bohdi go and ride the ferocious waves that rise in terrifying heights like walls of water. Utah watches as Bohdi paddles out to his death as the water crashes into him. Utah stands in the pouring rain, his now long hair sopping and his eyes full of a strange sort of peace. The Australian policemen are livid that he let Bohdi go and say "We'll get him when he comes back in!" Johnny walks away and chucks his F.B.I. badge into the ocean, and replies, it seems, to the raging waves, "He's not coming back." 
 Speed (1994)651) A young police officer must prevent a bomb exploding aboard a city bus by keeping its speed above 50 mph. When a young Los Angeles police department, Special Weapons and Tactics (S.W.A.T.) officer called Jack Traven angers retired Atlanta police department bomb squad member Howard Payne, by foiling his attempt at taking hostages stuck in an elevator with a bomb, Payne in retaliation arms a bus with a bomb that will explode if it drops below 50 miles per hour. With the help of spunky passenger Annie, Jack and his partner Detective Harry Temple try to save the people on the bus before the bomb goes off, while also trying to figure out how Payne is monitoring them. Jwelch5742 A retired Atlanta Police Department bomb squad explosives expert, called Howard Payne, tries to extort money by threatening to kill some people, trapped in a Los Angeles Skyscraper's elevator, with explosives. The city is about to give in when rookie Los Angeles Police Department (L.A.P.D.) Special Weapons and Tactics (S.W.A.T.) officer Jack Traven stops him. Jack and his partner, Detective Harry Temple find Payne and corner him but instead of giving in he blows himself up. He is believed to be dead but has actually escaped and tries again to extort money from the city. This time he has placed a bomb on a bus that will arm itself once it reaches 50 mph and will explode if it drops below that speed. Payne dares Jack to stop him and tells whereabouts of where the bus will soon be and the rules of his twisted game. If Jack or the LAPD try and unload any passengers off the bus, Payne will detonate it. Jack tries to stop the bus before the bomb is armed but it's too late; all he can do now is to keep it going. With Harry trying to find Payne and Jack running out of Freeway and gas - This is one bus ride no one wants to miss. rcs0411@yahoo.com Jack Traven is a young Special Weapons and Tactics (S.W.A.T.) officer in the Los Angeles police department. One morning Jack witnesses a bus explode and Jack receives a phone call from Howard Payne, a retired Atlanta bomb squad explosives expert gone bad, Payne has wired a passenger bus to explode, where if the bus speeds at 50 miles per hour the bomb is armed, if the bus slows down and drops below 50 miles per hour the bus will explode. Payne demands $3-millions dollars and Jack or any of the passengers tries to get off the bus, he will detonate the bomb. Managing to get on the bus, Jack with help of one of the passengers, Annie who is driving the bus when the driver is injured, tries to keep the passengers alive and guide the bus through the traffic and keep the bus speeding at 50 miles per hour, as the S.W.A.T team and Jack's partner, explosives expert Detective Harry Temple set to discover Payne's location and find a way to disarm the bomb before the bomb explodes when the bus runs out of gas. Daniel Williamson In a downtown high-rise building in Los Angeles, a psychopathic bomber and extortionist rigs an elevator full of people to plummet into the basement if his $3-million demand is not met. When Los Angeles Police Department (L.A.P.D.) Special Weapons and Tactics (S.W.A.T.) Officers Jack Traven and Harry Temple foil the bomber's plan and rescue the hostages, the bomber retaliates. First he blows up a city bus, then contacts Traven to warn him that a second bus has a bomb attached to it. Once that bus hits 50mph, the bomb is armed. If it drops below 50, it will explode. The bomber also warns Jack that if any attempt at rescue is made, the bomb will also explode. Jack races down the freeway and manages to board the bus. When an accident injures the driver, young bus passenger Annie Porter is forced to take over behind the wheel and keep the bus running at 50 in order to stay alive. Will Jack and his fellow S.W.A.T. members be able to stop the psychopathic bomber - or will the passengers be killed when the bus runs out of gas? Derek O'Cain Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a downtown Los Angeles office building, a security guard is checking the basement when he runs across a man tinkering with some wiring. Asking to see a work order, the man suddenly stabs the guard in the ear, telling him "Nothing personal." A group of people who work in the building are taking an express elevator down when a few explosions are heard, the cables are severed and the elevator plummets a few floors before the emergency brakes stop it. The Los Angeles Police department dispatch their Special Weapons And Tactics (S.W.A.T.) team, including hotshot Officer Jack Traven (Keanu Reeves) and his partner, Officer Harry Temple (Jeff Daniels). They join their team and their boss Lieutenant Herb "Mac" McMahon (Joe Morton) briefs them all on the situation: bombs have already severed the main cables and the only thing keeping the elevator from dropping to the basement is the emergency brakes but the bomber has wired them with explosives and has given a one-hour ultimatum: pay him $3.7 million, or he will blow the brakes. Both Jack and Harry use building access panels to examine the bomb. Harry, the SWAT team's bomb expert, says the work doesn't look familiar but the bomber is definitely a professional. While they wait, Harry quizzes Jack: Jack is at an airport when a woman is taken hostage. The kidnapper is almost to a plane, what does Jack do? Jack suggests shooting the hostage with a non-lethal wound so the kidnapper can't take them with him. Harry scoffs, telling Jack he's crazy for the idea of shooting a civilian. Musing further about taking the hostage "out of the equation" Jack suddenly comes up with the idea to use a window cleaner's crane on the roof as a way to hopefully help get the passengers off the rigged car. However, the mystery bomber has bugged the express elevator and is listening to everything the pair say and do in an empty freight elevator nearby. Suspecting something is up, he blows the emergency brakes, and the elevator begins to plummet. The crane cable stops the elevator for a short time between two floors, where Harry and Jack manage to get the passengers unloaded before the crane pulls free of it's base and the elevator plummets to the bottom. Harry notes that the explosion happened three minutes earlier than the time limit given. Jack suggests that the bomber is nearby, while Harry tells him that the bomber could have set off the charges from miles away. Harry suggests the bomber would want to stay mobile. With the main elevators having been shut down, Jack deduces that the bomber must be aboard a freight elevator in the building. Harry and Jack soon find the freight elevator and they try to get to him but he has also bugged the outside of the freight car and hears them coming. The bomber, Howard Payne (Dennis Hopper), although his name is not yet known at this point, starts shooting at them with a shotgun, dropping Harry into the elevator car. He uses a control device he's wired to the car's control panel to raise the car to the top of the building, forcing Jack to jump into the car before he is squashed by the roof. Payne is about to shoot Jack but has run out of ammo. He quickly shows that he has wired himself with explosives and holds Harry hostage before Jack can get a clean shot at him. He uses his device to trick Jack and Harry's team into thinking they're getting off on a different floor but they arrive at a parking level instead. Payne attempts to take Harry with him to the building's parking garage, but Jack, recalling the scenario he and Harry had discussed earlier, shoots Harry in the leg, preventing Payne from taking Harry any further and causing Payne to drop him. Payne makes a dash out the door, but before Jack can get to him, the explosives go off, knocking him back. Some time afterwards, a commendation ceremony is held in which Jack and Harry are congratulated for their services and are given medals for their valor in saving the hostages and stopping the bomber. Harry is promoted to Detective and put on desk duty till he's injured leg heals. The pair go to a bar where they and their colleagues celebrate their victory. An inebriated Harry tells Jack to be more cautious in his work because his recklessness could get him killed. The next day, Jack stops into a small coffee shop for a drink. As he goes out to his car, a bus that had pulled away explodes and bursts into flames. A payphone nearby rings, and Jack is surprised to hear Payne's voice on the line. Payne explains that he had spent 2 years planning the 'elevator job,' and chastises Jack for ruining his 'life's work.' The bomber then goes on to explain that he has planted another bomb on an LA city bus, which will be armed the moment the bus passes 50 mph and then will detonate if the bus drops below that speed. Payne also explains that if any passengers are removed from the bus, he will detonate it himself, and demands a ransom of $3.7 million (the same amount he'd demanded during the elevator kidnapping) by 11 am. Furthermore, he knows that the bus' radio is out of order, so alerting the transit authority is useless. Payne gives the bus number, 2525, and Jack takes off to catch up to it. Jack manages to catch up to the bus en route, but when he frantically tries to get the bus driver to open the doors, the driver ignores him, thinking it's a prank. Jack then commandeers a Jaguar and again catches up to the bus. After a mad struggle, Jack manages to relay to the driver that there is a bomb on the bus, and manages to board, jumping from the moving car into the bus' door. Harry is also alerted by Jack through the Jaguar owner's cellular phone. Jack attempts to calm the bus passengers, but an altercation with one man wielding a gun, fearing that Jack has come to arrest him, forces a struggle and the bus driver is shot and wounded. A young woman named Annie Porter (Sandra Bullock) takes the wheel, planning to hit the brakes. Jack sharply orders her not to stop the bus and informs the passengers about the bomb. At the suggestion of the injured driver, Jack opens an access panel in the bus floor, and finds a decoy and then the real bomb, which is alarmingly large. Relaying the info to Harry, Harry is perplexed at Jack's observation that the timer for the bomb is attached to a cheap gold watch. Harry's suspicions turn to the prospect that their mad bomber may be a former officer, and he has his staff start looking over information about officers who have worked with bombs or on bomb squads. Back on the bus, a traffic jam on the freeway forces Annie to divert the bus onto city streets instead. There, with an LAPD helicopter following the bus with Lieutenant McMahon on board trying to arrange a survivable route, the occupants of the bus have a terrifying ordeal as Annie and Jack must deal with every conceivable obstacle that threatens to fatally slow the bus as it is forced to careen through the streets. These include being forced to take a one-way lane against opposing traffic and a collision with a baby carriage that is sent flying but is mercifully only carrying empty cans. Eventually, a police escort arrives to guide the bus to the unfinished and empty 105 freeway. The first entrance, a soft right turn, is blocked by a group of school kids crossing at the worst possible time and Annie & Jack are forced to make a hard right turn that nearly spills the bus on its side. Once on the freeway, McMahon and a number of officers board a flatbed truck that pulls up next to the bus. McMahon wants to get the people off, but Jack explains that the news helicopters in the air are televising the event, and that Payne will detonate the bus if anyone gets off. Jack soon receives a call from Payne in regards to what is being seen on television. Jack manages to get Payne to agree to let the wounded bus driver off, though Payne tells Jack that 'the wildcat behind the wheel' is not to slow down. However, a passenger named Helen (Beth Grant) gets edgy and attempts to get off the bus. As she stands over the entrance-way stairs, the smaller charge is set off and destroys the platform. Helen falls under the bus and is crushed under the wheels. During a few moments of relative calm, Annie tearfully confesses that she was profoundly relieved that the blast was not of the main bomb and she herself survived. Jack reassures Annie that is a perfectly normal human response to an extreme situation and she has nothing to regret while reminding her that the real person to blame is the bomber who put everyone in this situation in the first place. McMahon is then informed that the 105 freeway is unfinished, and a stretch of roadway ahead contains a 50 foot gap. Jack is informed of this but still refuses to take any passengers off. Desperately, Jack then instructs Annie to increase the speed, figuring there may be an incline that will allow them to jump the bus over the gap. Miraculously, his plan works, and the bus makes it to the other side. Once over, Jack finds an off-ramp that leads to Los Angeles International Airport. Annie takes it, and enters through an airport exit, running over a pair of spike strips that blow a few of the tires. Jack's plan is to keep the news helicopter cameras from following them. Because the airport is restricted airspace, they can't fly over it. The long runways that are not in use will also allow the bus to circle and keep it out of civilian traffic and buy time until they can find Payne or deactivate the bomb. Lieutenant McMahon soon shows up at the airport with some more cops and Jack convinces Payne to let him disembark the to negotiate the ransom which Payne agrees too. Jack reassures the passengers that he will be back shortly to help them. Jack gets off the bus onto a vehicle with Lieutenant McMahon who feels they should be able to unload the passengers safely, but Jack is still convinced that Payne will know, leaving only one option; disarm the bomb. To the passengers' alarm, Jack has arranged to put himself onto a small-wheeled dolly attached by a cable to a small truck and sent under the still-moving bus, hoping to dismantle the bomb under guidance from Harry and the Bomb Squad. However, Payne had fitted the bomb with a collapsible circuit and Jack is unable to disarm it. Harry is still thinking of alternative ways to disarm the bomb when his associates come back with Payne's identity. Payne turns out to be a former member of the Atlanta Police Department's bomb squad who was forced into early retirement when a bomb he was disarming exploded, burning his hand and costing him a thumb. Harry and his associates rush off to apprehend Howard. Jack soon comes close to death when the cable towing the dolly he's on gives way, and he is almost run over by the bus. Jack clings to the undercarriage of the bus but accidentally punctures the fuel tank with a screwdriver. The passengers on the bus help Jack up through an access panel in the bus' floor, and he survives. With leaking fuel a new problem, Jack calls for a fueling vehicle to pace the bus and refuel them. Meanwhile, Harry and some other members of the LAPD SWAT team that weren't at the airport have staked out and entered Payne's home. They soon find he is not there and that has bobby trapped the house with explosives which they triggered upon entry. The house then explodes killing everyone inside, including Harry. After the bomb goes off, Payne calls Jack and gloats over Harry's death, saying it was his old watch that helped Harry identify him. Payne then gives Jack instructions to deliver the $3.7 million ransom to a garbage can at Pershing Square downtown, mentioning that everyone on the bus will die if he doesn't get his money, referring to Annie as a "wildcat" again. Jack has a meltdown over Harry's death and is unsure what to do next, accepting that Payne might actually win he suddenly notices the sweatshirt Annie had been wearing, which contains the logo for the Arizona Wildcats. Jack realizes that Payne has been monitoring the bus through the security camera above the bus driver's seat. Though the camera can record video, it cannot record audio. Jack radios over to McMahon regarding his plan. McMahon gets all the news vans nearby to stop taping and commandeers one to find the signal going into the bus camera. With everyone sitting still on the bus, the news team records them, gathering enough footage to run a video loop to fool Payne. However, Annie notes that the fuel is almost on empty, and McMahon is forced to have the tape loop with only a minute of footage having been recorded. An airport bus is brought alongside bus 2525, and the passengers are unloaded. However, the tires that had been punctured once the bus went through the airport's exits continue to lose their treads, and Annie and Jack are unable to get off. Jack affixes the steering wheel with some rope, the gas pedal with a steel pipe, and the two escape from under the bus using the access panel. The bus drives a ways off, before heading towards an empty cargo plane. As the speed drops below 50, the bus runs straight into a cargo plane and explodes. After the passengers are treated by paramedics, the police receive a call from Payne wanting to know about the money. McMahon is about to tell Payne off, but Jack realizes that Payne does not know the bus exploded, giving them the advantage to capture the madman. The money is placed in bags and dropped into the garbage container Payne had specified, with a couple of paint bombs among the cash. A number of officers (including SWAT units) patrol Pershing Square, with Payne watching from an overhead building's window. Payne thinks he's won, until he notices the bus camera, and realizes that the tape is on a loop. Payne quickly puts on his old uniform, and blending in with the other officers, walks over to Annie, and escorts her away from the scene, saying that he'd been sent by Jack. Jack and a number of officers are watching the garbage can, but no one has appeared. Jack suddenly demands they turn on the homing beacon with the money... and all of them are surprised to see that the money is in motion. Jack rushes out to the garbage can, and finds that there is a hole below it in the pavement, leading down to a level under the street. Jack finds an entrance to the area below street level and is confronted with Annie strapped with explosives, and Payne standing nearby, holding a detonator. Payne chastises Jack a bit before making his way to the Los Angeles subway system, with Jack jumping aboard as it pulls away, crawling across the top. Payne handcuffs Annie to a pole, and shoots and kills the train driver. Payne then explains his plan to Annie: he intends to get off the train with the money, but leave her to explode, leading the police to think they both died on the subway. Payne's overzealous nature gets the better of him, as he hears Jack climbing on top of the train car. Playfully claiming he may be able to bribe Jack into letting him go, Payne reaches into the sack of money, only to set off the hidden dye pack bomb, ruining the money and covering him in purple dye. Enraged, Payne then climbs up the side of the train car on the outside and goes hand-to-hand with Jack. As they fight, Jack notices a low-overhanging light approaching and holds Payne's head up while seizing the detonator to Annie's bomb from Payne. The light decapitates Payne, and his body falls over the side of the car. Jack then enters the car and manages to get the explosives off Annie. However, he does not have the key to her handcuffs, and when Payne shot the train driver some stray bullets hit the control panel rendering the brakes inoperable. A rail-map shows Jack that there's a sharp curve ahead. He speeds up the train with the intention of derailing it. The plan works and Annie is freed from the bar. The train barrels out of an incomplete stretch of track right in front of the Chinese Theater in Hollywood. It lands on its side and comes to a halt. None of the workers on the subway tunnel are hurt. Annie and Jack are both alive and as they kiss, a number of tourists and others whom the train has stopped traffic for, come over to look at the strange spectacle. 
 The Matrix (1999)541) When a beautiful stranger leads computer hacker Neo to a forbidding underworld, he discovers the shocking truth--the life he knows is the elaborate deception of an evil cyber-intelligence. Thomas A. Anderson is a man living two lives. By day he is an average computer programmer and by night a hacker known as Neo. Neo has always questioned his reality, but the truth is far beyond his imagination. Neo finds himself targeted by the police when he is contacted by Morpheus, a legendary computer hacker branded a terrorist by the government. As a rebel against the machines, Neo must confront the agents: super-powerful computer programs devoted to stopping Neo and the entire human rebellion. redcommander27 Have you ever had a dream that you were so sure was real? What if you couldn't awaken? How would you know the difference between dream and reality? When a beautiful stranger ( Carrie-Anne Moss ) leads computer hacker Neo ( Keanu Reeves ) to a forbidding underworld, he discovers the shocking truth--the life he knows is the elaborate deception of an evil cyber-intelligence. Neo joins legendary and dangerous rebel warrior Morpheus ( Laurence Fishburne in the battle to destroy the illusion enslaving humanity. During the year 1999, a man named Thomas Anderson (also known as Neo), lives an ordinary life. A software techie by day and a computer hacker by night, he sits alone at home by his monitor, waiting for a sign, a signal - from what or whom he doesn't know - until one night, a mysterious woman named Trinity seeks him out and introduces him to that faceless character he has been waiting for: Morpheus. A messiah of sorts, Morpheus presents Neo with the truth about his world by shedding light on the dark secrets that have troubled him for so long. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The screen fills with green, cascading code which gives way to the title, The Matrix (1999) . A phone rings and text appears on the screen: "Call trans opt: received. 2-19-98 13:24:18 REC: Log>" As a conversation takes place between Trinity ( Carrie-Anne Moss ) and Cypher ( Joe Pantoliano ), two free humans, a table of random green numbers are being scanned and individual numbers selected, creating a series of digits not unlike an ordinary phone number, as if a code is being deciphered or a call is being traced. Trinity discusses some unknown person. Cypher taunts Trinity, suggesting she enjoys watching him but they will have to kill him. Trinity counters that "Morpheus ( Laurence Fishburne ) says he may be 'the One'," just as the sound of a number being selected alerts Trinity that someone may be tracing their call. She ends the call. Armed policemen move down a darkened, decrepit hallway in the Heart O' the City Hotel, their flashlight beam bouncing just ahead of them. They come to room 303, kick down the door and find a woman dressed in black, facing away from them. It's Trinity. She brings her hands up from the laptop she's working on at their command. Outside the hotel a car drives up and three agents appear in neatly pressed black suits. They are Agent Smith ( Hugo Weaving ), Agent Brown ( Paul Goddard ), and Agent Jones ( Robert Taylor ). Agent Smith and the presiding police lieutenant argue. Agent Smith admonishes the policeman that they were given specific orders to contact the agents first, for their protection. The lieutenant dismisses this and says that they can handle "one little girl" and that he has two units that are bringing her down at that very moment. Agent Smith replies: "No, Lieutenant. Your men are already dead." Inside, Trinity easily defeats the six policemen sent to apprehend her, using fighting and evasion techniques that seem to defy gravity. She calls Morpheus, letting him know that the line has been traced, though she doesn't know how. Morpheus informs her that she will have to "make it to another exit," and that Agents are heading toward her. A fierce rooftop chase ensues with Trinity and an Agent leaping impossibly from one building to the next, astonishing the policemen left behind. Trinity makes a daring leap across an alley and through a small window. She has momentarily lost her pursuers and makes it to a public phone booth on the street level. The phone begins to ring. As she approaches it a garbage truck, driven by Agent Smith, careens towards the phone booth. Trinity makes a desperate dash to the phone, picking it up just moments before the truck smashes the booth into a brick wall. The three Agents reunite at the front of the truck. There is no body in the wreckage. "She got out," one says. The other says, "The informant is real." "We have the name of their next target," says the other, "His name is Neo." Thomas Anderson, aka "Neo" ( Keanu Reeves ), a hacker with thick black hair and a sallow appearance, is asleep at his monitor. Notices about a manhunt for a man named Morpheus scroll across his screen as he sleeps. Suddenly Neo's screen goes blank and a series of text messages appear: "Wake up, Neo." "The Matrix has you." "Follow the White Rabbit." Then, the text says "Knock, knock, Neo..." just as he reads it, a knock comes at the door of his apartment, 101. It's a group of ravers and Neo gives them a contraband disc he has secreted in a copy of "Simulacra and Simulation." The lead raver asks him to join them and Neo demurs until he sees the tattoo of a small white rabbit on the shoulder of a seductive girl in the group. At a rave bar Neo stands alone and aloof as the group he's with continue partying. Trinity approaches him and introduces herself. Neo recognizes her name; she was a famous hacker and had cracked the IRS database. She tells him that he is in great danger, that they are watching him and that she knows that he is searching for answers, particularly to the most important question of all: what is the Matrix? The pulsing music of the bar gives way to the repetitious blare of Neo's alarm clock; it's 9:18 and he's late for work. At his job at Metacortex, a leading software company housed in an ominous high rise, Neo is berated by his boss for having a problem with authority, for thinking he's special. Neo listens to his boss, but his attention is on the persons cleaning the window of the office. Back at his bleak cubicle Neo receives a delivery as "Thomas Anderson." Upon opening the package he finds a cellphone which immediately rings. On the other end is Morpheus, who informs Neo that they've both run out of time and that "they" are coming for him. Morpheus tells him to slowly look up, toward the elevator. Agents Smith, Jones, and Brown are there, obviously looking for him, as a woman points towards Neo's cube. Morpheus tries to guide Neo out of the building but when he is instructed to get on a scaffolding and take it to the roof Neo rejects Morpheus' advice, allowing himself to be taken by the Agents. In an interrogation room the Agents confront Neo. They've had their eye on him for some time. He lives a dual existence: one life as Thomas A. Anderson, a software engineer for a Metacortex, the other life as Neo, a computer hacker "guilty of virtually every computer crime we have a law for." Agent Smith asks him to help them capture Morpheus, considered a dangerous terrorist, in exchange for amnesty. Neo gives them the finger and asks for his phone call. Mr. Smith asks what good is a phone call if he's unable to speak. Neo finds that his lips have fused together. Panicked, he is thrown on the interrogation table by the Agents and they implant a shrimp-like probe, a bug, in his stomach, entering through his navel. Neo awakens with a start in his own bed, assuming it has all been a bad dream. His phone rings and Morpheus is on the other line. He tells Neo that the line is tapped but they've underestimated his importance. Morpheus tells Neo he is the One and to meet him at the Adams St. bridge. There he is picked up by Trinity and two others in a car; they all wear black latex and leather. A woman in the front seat, Switch ( Belinda McClory ), suddenly points a gun at him and tells him to take off his shirt. Trinity tells him it's for their mutual protection and that he has to trust her. He takes off his shirt and she uses a device to remove the probe that Neo believed had been part of a nightmare. Trinity drops the bug out into the road where it slowly goes dark in the rain. Trinity takes Neo to Morpheus. Morpheus explains that he's been searching for Neo his entire life and asks if Neo feels like "Alice in Wonderland, falling down the rabbit hole." He explains to Neo that they exist in the Matrix, a false reality that has been constructed for humans to hide the truth. The truth is that everyone in the world is a slave, born into bondage. Morpheus holds out two pills. In his left palm is a blue pill. If Neo takes it he will wake up in his bed and "believe whatever you want to believe." But if he takes the red pill in Morpheus's right hand, then "you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes." Neo takes the red pill. As the rest of Morpheus's crew straps him into a chair, Neo is told that pill he took is part of a trace program, to "disrupt his input/output carrier signal" so that they can pinpoint him. Neo looks at a shattered mirror placed next to him which miraculously repairs itself. Neo touches the surface and the silver begins to creep over his skin, engulfing him as Morpheus's crew attempt to locate something on the monitors around them. The silver fluid covers him entirely, moves down his throat and he blacks out. He awakens inside a pinkish/purple embryonic pod, extending from the side of a huge column, part of a massive power plant. He is hairless and naked, with thick black tubes snaking down his throat, plugged into the back of his skull, his spine, and invading most of the rest of his body. He finds his pod is open and that he is surrounded by tower after tower of pods just like his, all filled with bodies. Suddenly a menacing, hovering nurse robot grabs him by the throat. The cable inserted into the base of his skull suddenly detaches. The rest of the tubes pop off his limbs and Neo is flushed down a tube into an underground pool of filthy water. Just as he's about to drown in the muck a hovercraft appears above him, snags him and hauls him into its cargo bay. Neo finds himself surrounded by Morpheus's crew again, but they are dressed differently, in simple knit garments. Just before Neo passes out Morpheus says to him, "Welcome to the real world." Neo drifts in and out of consciousness. At one point he asks, "Am I dead?" "Far from it," replies Morpheus. Again he wakes, his body a pincushion of acupuncture. "Why do my eyes hurt?" he asks. "You've never used them," Morpheus replies. Neo finally wakes, fully clothed, with a short shock of hair on his head. He removes a connector that is sunk deep into his arm and reaches to find the large socket at the back of his neck when Morpheus enters the room. "What is this place?" Neo asks. "The more important question is when," says Morpheus, "You believe it is the year 1999, when in fact it is closer to the year 2199." Morpheus goes on to say that they really don't know when it is. He gives Neo a tour of his ship, the Nebuchadnezzar (they pass a plaque stating it was built in 2069), an old, beaten hovercraft. Neo is introduced to Morpheus's crew including Trinity; Apoc ( Julian Arahanga ), a man with long, flowing black hair; Switch; Cypher (bald with a goatee); two brawny brothers, Tank ( Marcus Chong ) and Dozer ( Anthony Ray Parker ); and a young, thin man named Mouse ( Matt Doran ). Morpheus gets to the point. "You wanted to know about the Matrix," he says, ushering him to a chair. Neo sits down in it and Trinity straps him in. A long probe is inserted into the socket at the back of Neo's skull. Neo wakes in a world of all white. He is in the Construct, a "loading platform" that Morpheus and his team use to prepare newly freed humans to deal with the Matrix world. Gone are the sockets in Neo's arms and neck and his hair is grown in. Morpheus tells him that what he is experiencing of himself is the "residual self image, the mental projection of your digital self" and bids him to sit while he explains the truth. "This," he says, showing an image of a modern city, "is the world that you know." A thing that really exists "only as part of a neural, interactive simulation that we call the Matrix." Morpheus then shows Neo the world as it truly exists today, a scarred, desolate emptiness with charred, abandoned buildings, black earth, and a shrouded sky. Morpheus goes on to say that "at some point in the early 21st century all of mankind was united in celebration as we gave birth" to artificial intelligence, a "singular consciousness that birthed an entire race of machines." Someone started a war, and no one knows who, but it was known that it was mankind who blotted out the sky, attempting to deprive the machines of the solar power they required to function. Instead the machines turned to humans as a power source, enslaving them like Neo had been before he was freed. Morpheus goes on to explain that a human's body provides "more electricity than a 120 volt battery and over 25k BTUs in body heat." Morpheus shows Neo fields where machines grow human beings, connecting them to their outlets, ensconcing them in their pods, and feeding them with the liquefied remains of other human beings. "The Matrix," says Morpheus, "is a computer-generated dreamworld created to keep us under control, to turn us..." into a mere power source, into coppertop batteries. Neo rejects this information so feverishly that he demands release from the Construct. He is back in the chair on the hovercraft. The crew pull out the spike at the back of his head and he fights to free himself from this harsh reality, only to end up vomiting on the floor and passing out. When Neo wakes up in his bunk, Morpheus is beside him. "I can't go back, can I?" Neo asks. "No," says Morpheus. He apologizes to Neo for breaking a cardinal rule: after a certain age people aren't brought out of their simulacrum, but Morpheus explains he had to bring Neo out. When the Matrix was created there was a man born inside it who could create his own reality inside it. It was this man who set Morpheus and the others free. When he died, the Oracle ( Gloria Foster ) prophesied that he would return in another form. And that the return of the One would mean the destruction of the Matrix. As long as the Matrix exists, humanity will continue to live in complacency inside it and the world can never be free. "I did what I did because I believe that search is over," says Morpheus. The next day Neo starts his training. Tank is his operator. Tank and his brother Dozer are "100% pure old-fashioned, homegrown human. Born in the real world; a genuine child of Zion." Zion, Tank explains, is the last human city, buried deep in the earth, near the core, for warmth. Tank straps Neo back into the jack-in chair, by-passes some preliminary programs and loads him up with combat training, starting with Jiu Jitsu. When Tank hits "load" Neo is shocked by the force of the knowledge pouring into him. "I think he likes it," says Tank, "want some more?" "Hell yes," replies Neo. Neo is fed a series of martial arts techniques including Kempo, Tae Kwon Do, Drunken Boxing and Kung Fu. Morpheus and Tank are amazed at Neo's ability to ingest information, but Morpheus wants to test Neo. Morpheus and Neo stand in a sparring program. The program has rules, like gravity. But as in many computer programs, some rules can be bent while others can be broken. Morpheus bids Neo to hit him, if he can. They fight with Neo impressively attacking but Morpheus easily parrying and subduing him. The rest of the crew gathers around the monitors to watch the fight. Morpheus ends up kicking Neo into a beam, explaining to him that the reason he has beaten him has nothing to do with muscles or reality. They spar again. "What are you waiting for?" Morpheus asks him. "You're faster than this!" Neo finally brings a punch near his teacher's face. Neo stops, telling Morpheus "I know what you're trying to do." Morpheus tells him he's only trying to "show him the door" and that Neo must step through it. A "jump" program is loaded. Both men now stand on one of several tall buildings in a normal city skyline. Morpheus tells Neo he must free his mind and leaps easily but impossibly from one building to the next. Neo nervously tries to follow him and doesn't make the jump, falling to the pavement below. Neo wakes back in the Nebudchanezzar with blood in his mouth. "I thought it wasn't real," he says. "Your mind makes it real," replies Morpheus. "So, if you die in the Matrix, you die here?" "The body cannot live without the mind," says Morpheus, underlining the very real danger faced in the simulation. Later, while Neo is sleeping deeply, Trinity brings him dinner. Outside his room, Cypher remarks that Trinity never brought him dinner. He asks Trinity why, if Morpheus thinks Neo is the One, he hasn't taken him to see the Oracle yet. Trinity says he'll take him when he's ready. Morpheus and Neo are walking down a standard city street in what appears to be the Matrix. Morpheus explains that the Matrix is a system and that the system is their enemy. All the people that inhabit it, the people they are trying to free, are part of that system. Some are so inert, so dependent upon the Matrix that they can never be free. Neo notices a stunning girl in a red dress. "Are you listening to me?" asks Morpheus. He asks Neo to look at the girl again. Neo turns to face Agent Smith, pointing a gun straight at his head. Morpheus stops the simulation, which has just been created to look like the Matrix. Neo asks what the Agents are. "Sentient programs," says Morpheus, that "can move in and out of any software hard-wired into their system, meaning that they can take over anyone in the Matrix program. "Inside the Matrix," Morpheus says, "They are everyone and they are no one." Thus Morpheus and his crew survive the Agents by running from them and hiding from the Agents even though they "are guarding all the doors. They are holding all the keys and sooner or later, someone is going to have to fight them." But no one who has ever stood up to an Agent has survived; all have died. Still, Morpheus is certain that because the Agents live in a world of rules that they can never be as strong, never be as fast as he can be. "What are you trying to tell me," asks Neo, "That I can dodge bullets?" "When you're ready," Morpheus says, "You won't have to." Just then Morpheus gets a phone call. "We've got trouble," Cypher says on the other line. The Nebuchadnezzar is on alert. They see the holographic image of a squiddy, a search and destroy sentinel, which is on their trail. They set the ship down in a huge sewer system and turn off the power. Tank stands at the ready switch of an EMP, electro-magnetic pulse, the only weapon man has against the machines in the real world. Two squiddies search for the ship -- the crew can see them -- but they move on. Neo startles Cypher, who is working at a computer console streaming with green code. Cypher offers Neo a drink and says that he knows what Neo is thinking, "Why, oh why didn't I take the blue pill?" Neo laughs but is unsettled. Cypher asks Neo if Morpheus has told him why he's here. Neo nods. "What a mind job," says Cypher, "so you're here to save the world." Cypher is now in a fancy restaurant with Agent Smith in the Matrix. Agent Smith asks if they have a deal. Cypher cuts up a juicy steak and ruminates that he knows the steak is merely the simulation telling his brain that it is delicious and juicy, but after nine years he has discovered that "ignorance is bliss." He strikes a deal for the machines to reinsert his body into a power plant, reinsert him into the Matrix, and he'll help the Agents. He wants to be rich and powerful, "an actor" maybe. Smith says he wants access codes to the mainframe in Zion. Cypher says he can't do that, but that he can get him the man who does, meaning Morpheus. Meanwhile, inside the Nebuchadnezzar's small dining room in the real world, the rest of the crew is trying to choke down the oatmeal-gruel that they have as sustenance. Mouse muses on the mistakes the machines may have made trying to get sensations right, like the taste of chicken. Since they didn't know what it tasted like they let everything taste like it. Morpheus interrupts the meal, announcing that he's taking Neo to see the Oracle. Morpheus, Trinity, Neo, Apoc, Switch, Mouse and Cypher are jacked into the Matrix. As they walk out of a warehouse Cypher secretly throws his cell phone into the garbage. On the car ride to the Oracle, Neo asks Trinity if she has seen the Oracle. Trinity says that she has but when she's asked just what she was told by the Oracle, she refuses to answer. The Oracle, Morpheus explains, has been with them since the beginning of the Resistance. She is the one who made the Prophecy of the One and that Morpheus would be the one to find him. She can help Neo find the path, he says. He enters the apartment of the Oracle. Inside are the other potentials: a mother figure and numerous children. One child levitates blocks, one reads Asian literature, another is playing chess. One bald child is bending spoons. He gives one spoon to Neo and says, "Do not try and bend the spoon, that's impossible. Instead, only try to realize the truth...that there is no spoon." Neo bends the spoon as he's called in to see the Oracle. The Oracle is baking cookies. She sizes Neo up and asks him whether he thinks he is the One. Neo admits that he does not know and the Oracle does not enlighten him. Neo smiles and the Oracle asks him what is funny. Neo admits that Morpheus had almost convinced him that he was the One. She accepts this and prophesies that Morpheus believes in Neo so much that he plans to sacrifice himself. She tells Neo that either he or Morpheus will die, and that Neo will have the power to choose which one it will be. She then offers him a cookie and promises him that he will feel fine as soon as he's done eating it. As the crew returns to their jack point, many floors up in an old hotel, Tank, in the control room, notices something odd. Meanwhile Neo, walking up the stairs, sees what appears to be the same cat cross a room twice. "Deja vu," he says, which gets the attention of Trinity and Morpheus. Deja vu, they explain to him, is a glitch in the Matrix; it happens when they reset the computer parameters. Outside, the phone line is cut. Mouse runs to a window which has now been bricked in. They are trapped. Mouse picks up two machine guns but he's no match for the police coming into the room. He's riddled with bullets. Back on the Nebuchadnezzar, the real Mouse spurts blood from his mouth and dies in the chair. More police and Agents stream into the bottom of the hotel. Morpheus has Tank find a layout of the building they're in, locating the main wet wall. The Agents arrive on the floor they're on, finding a coat that Cypher has left behind. They only find a hole in the bathroom wall. Meanwhile the crew is climbing down the plumbing of the wet wall. As the police approach Cypher sneezes, once more giving them away. The police open fire. The crew, including Neo, begin to fire back. An Agent takes over the body of one of the policemen, reaches into the wall, and grabs Neo by the neck. Morpheus, who is above Neo in the walls, breaks through the wall and lands on the agent, yelling to Trinity to get Neo out of the building. A fierce battle between Agent Smith and Morpheus ends with Morpheus face down on the tile. Agent Smith sends the police unit in to beat him with their batons. Cypher returns to the Nebuchadnezzar before Trinity, Neo, Switch and Apoc. As Tank attempts to bring the others back, Cypher attacks him from behind with an electronic weapon. Dozer attempts to tackle Cypher, but Cypher electrocutes him as well. Trinity attempts to call Tank but Cypher pulls the headset off of the smoking remains of Tank and answers. As Cypher talks to Trinity inside the Matrix he leans over the still form of Trinity in the hovercraft. Cypher recounts the things he hates about the real world, the war, the cold, the goop they have to eat, but most especially Morpheus and his beliefs. "He lied to us, Trinity." Cypher pulls the plug out of the back of Apoc's head, and Apoc falls down dead in the Matrix. Cypher then moves to Switch and as she protests "Not like this..." in the Matrix, Cypher kills her on the ship. She falls down dead before Trinity and Neo. Cypher moves on to Neo's supine form, saying that if Neo is the One, a miracle will prevent Cypher from killing him: "How can he be the One, if he's dead?" he asks. He continues badgering Trinity, asking her if she believes that Neo is the One. She says, "Yes." Cypher screams back "No!" but his reaction is incredulity at seeing Tank still alive, brandishing the weapon that Cypher had used on him. Tank fries Cypher with the electrical device. Tank brings Trinity back and she finds out that Dozer is dead. Meanwhile Agent Smith, a tray of torture instruments near him, marvels at the beauty of the Matrix as he gazes out at the city all around them. He informs Morpheus, who is tied to a chair, that the first Matrix was designed as a utopia, engineered to make everyone happy. "It was a disaster," says Agent Smith, people wouldn't accept the program and "entire crops were lost." "Some believed," continues Smith, "that we lacked the programming language to describe your perfect world. But I believe that, as a species, human beings define their reality through misery and suffering. The perfect world was a dream that your primitive cerebrum kept trying to wake up from. Which is why the Matrix was redesigned." Agent Smith compares humans to dinosaurs and that evolution is taking hold. Another Agent enters and relays that there may be a problem (as they now know that Cypher has failed). Back on the hovercraft the shuddering form of Morpheus betrays the torture he's being put through by the Agents in the Matrix. Tank realizes that they're trying to get the codes to the mainframes of Zion's computers; each ship's captain knows them. Because a breach of Zion's defenses would mean that the last remaining vestiges of mankind would be wiped out, Tank says their only choice is to unplug Morpheus, effectively killing him. Back in the Matrix, the Agents process their next move. If Cypher is dead, they deduce that the remaining humans on the ship will terminate Morpheus. They decide to stick to their original plan and to deploy the Sentinels. Tank is performing what amounts to last rites for Morpheus, laying one hand on his head as his other moves to the back of his skull to remove the jack. Just as he's about to pull it out Neo stops him. He realizes that the Oracle was right. He now has to make the choice to save himself or to save Morpheus; his choice is to head back into the Matrix. Trinity rejects the idea. Morpheus gave himself up so that Neo could be saved since he is the One. "I'm not the One, Trinity," Neo says, relaying his understanding of the discussion with the Oracle: she did not enlighten him as to whether he was the promised messiah. And, since Morpheus was willing to sacrifice himself, Neo knows that he must do that same. Tank calls it suicide; it's a military building with Agents inside. Neo says he only knows that he can bring Morpheus out. Trinity decides to come with him, reasoning with Neo that he will need her help and she's the ranking officer on the ship. "Tank," she says, "load us up!" Meanwhile Agent Smith continues to share his musings with a brutalized Morpheus. Because humans spread to an area, consume the natural resources and, to survive, must spread to another area, Smith says we are not mammals but viruses, the only other creature that acts that way. In the Construct, Neo and Trinity get armaments. "Neo," protests Trinity, "No one has ever done anything like this." "That's why it's going to work," he replies. Morpheus has yet to break and Smith asks the other Agents why the serum isn't working. "Maybe we're asking the wrong questions," responds one. To that Smith commands the other Agents to leave him alone with Morpheus. Smith removes his earphone and his glasses and confides that he hates the Matrix, "this zoo, this prison." Smith admits that he must get out of this "reality." He hates the stench. He's sure that some element of the humans will rub off on him and that Morpheus holds the key to his release. If there is no Zion there's no need for Smith to be in the Matrix. "You are going to tell me, or you are going to die." Downstairs, in the lobby, Trinity and Neo enter, heavily armed. They shoot their way past the guards and a group of soldiers and make their way into the elevator. Agents Brown and Jones enter the interrogation room to find Smith with his hands still fixed on Morpheus's head. Smith looks embarrassed and befuddled and the others tell him about the attack occurring downstairs. They realize that the humans are trying to save Morpheus. In the elevator, Trinity arms a bomb. They both climb through a hatch to the elevator roof, attaching a clamp to the elevator cable. Neo says "There is no spoon" before he severs the cable with a few shots. The counterweight drops, propelling Neo and Trinity upward. The elevator falls to the lobby exploding upon impact and filling the floor with flames. The Agents feel the rumble of the explosion and the sprinkers come on in the building. "Find them and destroy them!" Smith commands. On the roof, a helicopter pilot is calling "Mayday" as Trinity and Neo take out the soldiers there. Agent Brown takes over the pilot and appears behind Neo. Neo shoots several rounds at the Agent, who dodges them and pulls his own weapon. "Trinity," yells Neo, "Help!" But it's too late. The Agent begins to shoot. Instead of being shot, Neo dodges most of the bullets, though two of them nick him. As the Agent approaches Neo, who is lying on the ground, he levels a kill shot but Trinity shoots him before he can fire. Trinity marvels at how fast Neo has just moved; she's never seen anyone move that quickly. Tank downloads the ability to fly the helicopter to Trinity, who can now pilot the aircraft. Trinity brings the helicopter down to the floor that Morpheus is on and Neo opens fire on the three Agents. The Agents quickly fall and Morpheus is alone in the room. Just as quickly the Agents take over other soldiers stationed nearby. Morpheus breaks his bonds and begins to run to the helicopter. The Agents fire on him, hitting his leg. Morpheus leaps but Neo realizes that he is not going to make the leap and throws himself out of the helicopter, a safety harness attached. He catches Morpheus, but Agent Smith shoots the helicopter's hydraulic line. Unable to control the helicopter, Trinity miraculously gets it close enough to drop Morpheus and Neo on a rooftop. Neo grabs the safety line as the helicopter falls towards a building. Trinity severs the safety line connecting Neo to the helicopter and jumps on it herself as the vehicle smashes into the side of a building, causing a bizarre ripple in the fabric of the building's reality as it does. On the ship Tank says, "I knew it; he's the One." Neo hauls Trinity up to them. "Do you believe it now, Trinity?" asks Morpheus as he approaches the two. Neo tries to tell him that the Oracle told him the opposite but Morpheus says, "She told you exactly what you needed to hear." They call Tank, who tells them of an exit in a subway near them. The Agents arrive on the rooftop but find only the safety harness and line. Though Agent Smith is angered, the other two are satisfied. A trace has been completed in the real world and the Sentinels have been dispatched to attack the Nebuchadnezzar. In the subway, they quickly find the phone booth and Morpheus exits out of the Matrix. A wino watches this occur. On the rooftop Agent Smith locks in to their whereabouts through the wino and appropriates his body. Meanwhile, as the phone rings, providing Trinity's exit, she confides to Neo that everything that the Oracle has told her has come true, except for one thing. She doesn't say what that thing is and picks up the phone just as she sees the approaching Agent Smith. Smith shatters the ear piece of the phone; it's impossible for Neo to exit there now. Instead of running, which Trinity implores him to do as she looks on from the ship, Neo turns to face Smith. They empty their guns on each other, neither hitting the other. They then move into close combat, trading blows. Neo sweeps Agent Smith's head, breaking his glasses. "I'm going to enjoy watching you die, Mr. Anderson," says Smith. They trade some thunderous blows with Smith hitting Neo so hard he spits up blood in the Matrix and in the chair aboard the ship. "He's killing him," says Trinity. Neo gets back up, sets himself and beckons Smith to start again. This time it's Neo who delivers devastating blow after blow. But Smith counters, throwing Neo into a wall then pummeling him with body blows. A wind from the tunnel signals that a subway train is approaching and Smith has a wicked notion. He throws Neo into the subway tracks then drops down there himself. He puts Neo in a headlock and, in the glow of the oncoming subway says, "You hear that, Mr. Anderson? That is the sound of inevitability. It is the sound of your death. Good-bye, Mr. Anderson." "My name," he replies, "is Neo." Then, with a mighty leap, Neo propels them to the ceiling of the tunnel. They fall back down and Neo backflips off the tracks, leaving Agent Smith to the oncoming train. Neo heads for the stairs, but Smith has already appropriated another body and emerges from the doors of the train. Meanwhile the Sentinels have arrived to attack the Nebuchadnezzar; there are five of them and they are closing fast. Morpheus tells Tank to charge the EMP. Trinity reminds Morpheus that they can't use the EMP while Neo is in the Matrix. "I know, Trinity, don't worry," says Morpheus, "He's going to make it." Back in the streets of the Matrix, Neo swipes a cell phone from a nearby suit. He calls Tank: "Mr. Wizard, get me the hell out of here." He races through a crowded market while Agents appropriate bodies right and left. They force Neo down a dark alley. He kicks in a door and rushes through an apartment complex where the Agents appropriate more bodies, including that of a sweet little old lady who throws a knife at Neo as Agent Smith. Neo leaps down into a pile of garbage with the Agents in hot pursuit. On the Nebuchadnezzar the Sentinels have arrived. They begin to tear the ship apart. In the Matrix, Neo arrives back at the Heart O' the City Hotel. Tank tells him to go to room 303. The Agents are literally at his heels. The Sentinels breach the hull of the ship. They are inside. Trinity, standing next to Neo's body in the chair, begs him to hurry. Neo reaches room 303 and enters. He's immediately shot, point blank in the gut, by Agent Smith. Smith empties his magazine into Neo's body. Neo slumps to the floor, dead. On the ship Neo's vital signs drop to nothing. "It can't be," says Morpheus. Agent Smith instructs the others to check Neo. "He's gone," one replies. "Good-bye, Mr. Anderson," says Smith. The Sentinels' lasers are beginning to cut through the major parts of the hovercraft. Trinity leans over his dead body. "Neo," she says, "I'm not afraid anymore. The Oracle told me that I would fall in love and that that man... the man that I loved would be the One. So you see, you can't be dead. You can't be... because I love you. You hear me? I love you." She kisses him. In the chair Neo suddenly breathes. In the Matrix, Neo opens his eyes. "Now get up," orders Trinity. The Agents hear Neo rise behind them and they open fire. "No," Neo says calmly, raising his hands. He stops their bullets in mid-air. They drop harmlessly to the floor. "What's happening?" asks Tank. "He is the One," says Morpheus. Back in the Matrix, Neo can see things for what they really are, green cascading code. Agent Smith is furious. He runs to Neo and attacks him. Neo blocks Smith's blows effortlessly before he sends Smith flying with one well-placed kick. Neo then leaps into Smith's body and appropriates him. Smith's shell explodes in a sea of code and Neo is all that is left, the walls buckling in waves as they did when the helicopter crashed. Agents Brown and Jones look at one another and run away. The Sentinels are now fully in the ship. They are right above Trinity and Morpheus. Back in the Matrix Neo sprints to the ringing phone in the room. Morpheus has no choice but to engage the EMP. He does and the Sentinels fall inert to the floor. Neo has made it back. He kisses Trinity. The screen is black. A command prompt appears: "Call trans opt: received. 9-18-99 14:32:21 REC: Log>" then "Carrier anomaly" "Trace program: running" As the grid of numbers appears again a warning appears "System Failure." Over it all is Neo's voice: "I know you're out there. I can feel you now. I know that you're afraid... you're afraid of us. You're afraid of change. I don't know the future. I didn't come here to tell you how this is going to end. I came here to tell you how it's going to begin. I'm going to hang up this phone, and then I'm going to show these people what you don't want them to see. I'm going to show them a world without you. A world without rules and controls, without borders or boundaries. A world where anything is possible. Where we go from there is a choice I leave to you." In the Matrix world, Neo hangs up the phone. He looks at the mindless masses around him, puts on his glasses and then looks up. From high above the city we see him take flight. The story is picked up in The Matrix Reloaded (2003) , the second of three Matrix movies. 
 The Matrix Reloaded (2003)651) Freedom fighters Neo, Trinity and Morpheus continue to lead the revolt against the Machine Army, unleashing their arsenal of extraordinary skills and weaponry against the systematic forces of repression and exploitation. In this second adventure, Neo and the rebel leaders estimate that they have 72 hours until Zion falls under siege to the Machine Army. Only a matter of hours separates the last human enclave on Earth from 250,000 Sentinels programmed to destroy mankind. But the citizens of Zion, emboldened by Morpheus conviction that the One will fulfill the Oracles Prophecy and end the war with the Machines, rest all manner of hope and expectation on Neo, who finds himself stalled by disturbing visions as he searches for a course of action. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} In the second chapter of the Matrix trilogy, Zion falls under siege to the Machine Army. Only hours before 250,000 Sentinels destroy the last human enclave on Earth--and its growing resistance--Neo ( Keanu Reeves ) and Trinity ( Carrie-Anne Moss ) choose to return to the Matrix with Morpheus ( Laurence Fishburne ), unleashing their arsenal of extraordinary skills and weaponry against the forces of repression and exploitation. Now, at the confluence of love and truth, faith and knowledge, purpose and reason, Neo must follow the course he has chosen if he is to save humanity from the dark fate that haunts his dreams--The Matrix Reloaded. Neo, Morpheus, Trinity, and the rest of their crew continue to battle the machines that have enslaved the human race in the Matrix. As their quest unfolds, Neo learns more about his superheroic abilities, including the ability to see the codes of the people and things around him. Now, more humans are waking up out of the Matrix and attempting to live in the real world. As their numbers grow, the battle moves to Zion - the last real-world city and the center of human resistance. Sujit R. Varma Roughly six months after the original "Matrix", Neo begins to have nightmares about Trinity plunging to her death. Meanwhile, the rebels have returned to the city of Zion to learn that 250,000 sentinels are digging towards them to seek Zion and wipe out the human resistance. The Oracle gives Neo instructions to find the Keymaker and seek out the source. If Neo fails the mission, then the rebellion will be crushed, and the machines will win the war. keyser_soze2 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Green code-rain starts pouring down the screen, first forming the words "The Matrix", then "Reloaded". The image zooms further in, there's coding everywhere, making out a jungle of shapes. We seem to be inside some kind of machinery, and after pulling out we see the shape of a clock. The image transforms into a time clock and a group of security guards clock out and leave for the night. Outside a figure in black on a matching motorcycle comes flying through the air. She leaps from the bike, makes a backward flip in mid-air and the bike lands with a crash on the guardhouse causing a major explosion. The figure lands elegantly in front of the explosion. As she removes her helmet we see it is Trinity ( Carrie-Anne Moss ). The guards in the parking lot attack her, but she easily fights them off. The picture crumbles into coding like dust, and when restored we're very high up on the side of a building. Trinity bursts through the window, guns in hand. She turns on her back in mid-air, an agent is pursuing her and jumps after, head first. They exchange gunfire, falling to the streets below in slow motion. Eventually Trinity is shot in the chest. Something (impossible to see who or what) crashes into a car by the sidewalk. Neo ( Keanu Reeves ) wakes up. He looks over at Trinity lying in his arms, sleeping peacefully, then gets out of bed. We see the Nebuchadnezzar from outside as it hovers through the sewers and lands. Inside are Link ( Harold Perrineau ) and Morpheus ( Laurence Fishburne ) in the cockpit. "Sir, Are you sure about this?" Link asks. Morpheus tells him that if he is to continue as operator on his ship Link must trust him. "Yes, sir. I will sir," says Link. Morpheus glances at him. "I mean I do, sir." In the mess hall sits Neo, pondering. Trinity sits down opposite him. "Still can't sleep?" she asks. Neo shakes his head and takes a sip from his breakfast. "You wanna talk?" Trinity offers. "They're just dreams," Neo reassures. "If you're afraid of something..." "I just wish... I wish I knew what I'm supposed to do, that's all. I just wish I knew." "She's gonna call, don't worry," assures Trinity. Link pops his head in and Trinity asks "Are we ready to go?" "We're already late," he replies. In a dark room underground Niobe ( Jada Pinkett Smith ) is addressing a crowd of other ship crews about the imminent threat to Zion. The machines are digging and will reach Zion in 72 hours. Naturally Morpheus and crew arrive fashionably late, making sure to draw attention by making an argument right away that there is nothing to fear, for he believes the prophecy will come true very soon and end the war. "But first the Oracle must be consulted." Accordingly, Morpheus asks for a volunteer ship to remain in broadcast depth while the Nebuchadnezzar returns to Zion to recharge and make repairs, despite Commander Lock's direct orders for ALL ships to return. Captain Ballard ( Roy Jones Jr. ) of the Caduceus volunteers "just to see what Lock does to you." He gives Morpheus 36 hours. Meanwhile someone knocks on the entrance door. The corrupt ( Paul Cotter ) opens a small hatch on the door and a head in silhouette is seen against the headlights of a car. The stranger asks for Neo. The guard claims not to know who he's talking about and the stranger hands him an envelope telling him to give it to Neo. "You see he set me free." It's beyond doubt the voice of Agent Smith ( Hugo Weaving ). Neo, having sensed something, comes up asking what's going on. "How did you know someone was here?" one of the guards asks. "He wanted me to give you this," and hands Neo the envelope. Into Neo's palm drops an earpiece worn by agents. "Agents are coming," warns Neo. They flee, leaving Neo to handle the threat. The three agents recognize Neo as "the anomaly", but proceed anyway on the basis that he is after all "only human." Neo pauses momentarily while blocking a blow, "Hm. Upgrades." He fights them off with ease. When the battle is over Neo crouches down, the ground ripples and he shoots to the skies (as he did in the very end of the prequel). At the scene of the battle, Smith walks up and states that it all "went as expected". Facing him is another Smith, "Yes." "It's all happening exactly as before..." "Well, not exactly..." They smile. Morpheus and Trinity are driving to an exit as Morpheus calls Link and asks what happened. Link says a bunch of agents showed up and that suddenly the "coding got all weird." He has never seen anything like it. Morpheus then asks where Neo is now. "He's doing his Superman-thing." Like Link said, Neo is soaring through the clouds. Then he stops and heads back down to the ground. He lands in an old building and enters an abandoned apartment, which we recognize as that of the Oracle. "Where are you?" he whispers. The Nebuchadnezzar approaches Zion. Link communicates with one of the gate operators and they are let inside. Once landed The crew exits the ship and are met by Captain Mifune ( Nathaniel Lees ) and three A.P.U. escorts. "Are you here to escort me to the stockades, captain?" asks Morpheus. "I'm just here to keep the peace," assures Mifune. Commander Lock wants to see Morpheus and accordingly the escorts take him to him. "What's with them?" Neo asks. "Lock and Morpheus?" asks Trinity back. Neo nods. "Niobe." "Captain Niobe?" "Mhm. She used to be with Morpheus, now she's with Lock." "What happened?" "Morpheus went to the Oracle, after that everything changed." "Yeah, she can do that." Trinity, Neo and Link start gathering their luggage when a teenage boy ( Clayton Watson ) comes running enthusiastically towards them. "How does he always know?" Trinity asks Neo in a hushed voice. "Doesn't he have anything better to do?" wonders Neo. "You know what they say about the life you save..." answers Trinity. "I didn't save his life," Neo claims. The kid, now right in front of them, welcomes them home and offers to carry their bags. Both Neo and Trinity decline. "You can carry these..." says Link. "Sure, Link." As they all walk towards the elevators the kid starts going on about how he will be old enough to join a crew next year and that he wants to serve aboard the Nebuchadnezzar. His main reason for this is that Neo saved him. "You saved yourself," assures Neo. Meanwhile Lock ( Harry Lennix ) tells Morpheus off for asking a ship to stay behind, when they all had been ordered back to Zion. Morpheus defends himself with his belief that they must have the Oracles advice and that Neo will be the key to ending the war. Lock on the other hand has no confidence in the prophecy and is only concerned with having all the firepower available for when the machines reaches Zion. The kid mentions a gathering that evening, a bigger one than anyone can remember. It is a popular belief that something big will happen. Councillor Hamann ( Anthony Zerbe ) enters in the middle of the discussion. He asks their opinion on what is to be said about the situation to the people at the gathering that evening. Lock believes they should know as little as possible, they wouldn't want to start a panic. Morpheus thinks the truth should be told and that there will be no panic because there is nothing to fear. They enter the elevator and after a few seconds of silence Link gets off telling the kid to come with him. "These two have other things to do." As soon as the elevator doors closes Neo and Trinity drop their bags and make out passionately. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" asks Neo. "I'm thinking this elevator is too damn slow," replies Trinity. But before long they are interrupted by the elevator doors opening and are received by a crowd of people. They carry offerings, asking Neo to look over their sick children etc. Neo thanks them for their gifts and says he'll try. Trinity lowers her head in disappointment and starts to walk away. Neo asks her not to go, but Trinity answers, "It's okay. They need you." "I need you," he pleads. "I know, there's time," she assures him and walks away. Meanwhile, Link arrives at his apartment where his girlfriend, Zee ( Nona Gaye ), is waiting with her sister-in-law, Cas ( Gina Torres ), her niece ( Alima Ashton-Sheibu ) and nephew ( Joshua Mbakwe ). "Uncle Link!" the little ones exclaim as he walks through the door. After welcoming him home, Cas and her kids leave. Zee is not happy at all. Link serving on Morpheus' ship terrifies her. All other ships are home twice as often as the Nebucadnezzar. She has also already lost two brothers to that ship and is afraid she will lose him too. "It's not fair," she says. "You think Cas thinks it's fair that I'm here and Dozer's not?" Link argues. He also says nothing will happen to him, Morpheus says it will all be over soon. The important thing is that he's home now and they hug. Evening comes and everyone is gathered in Zion's temple cavern. Counselor Hamann is standing on a cliff high above the masses, as he gives the opening prayer and introduces Morpheus, who then steps up and gives his speech. He confirms the rumors of the machines digging, and convinces everyone that there is indeed nothing to be afraid of. "We are still here!" is his main argument and tonight they will make so much noise as to show the machines that they are not afraid. The music starts and everyone starts dancing as if it really was their last night on earth. As he leaves the podium, Morpheus runs into Niobe and they flirt mildly before Lock call her to his side. Meanwhile Neo and Trinity meet up in the outskirts of the caves. "I was thinking. Everyone's here..." says Neo. "Follow me." answers Trinity. While everyone else parties like never before, Neo and Trinity are alone at last and they make passionate love to each other and have the sex of their lives! However, Neo suddenly gets a flash of his dream where Trinity is shot and falls into his fears of losing her. Trinity asks what is wrong, but he only answers that he is afraid of losing her. She grasps his hand, "Do you feel this? I'm never letting go." They hold each other tightly and remain silently in each others arms. Eventually everyone goes to bed and the lights are shut down. Back in the Matrix Bane ( Ian Bliss ) and another member of the Caduceus crew are fleeing for their lives from something. They have reached an exit and have a message from the Oracle. Bane goes last and just before he can get out Smith jumps through the skylight and plunges his hand into Bane's chest. "Oh, God" shivers Bane in terror. "Smith will suffice," says the former agent satisfied. Black fluid of sorts spreads all over Bane's body from where Smith has his hand, and once covered he is another Smith-clone. The clone then puts the phone to his ear and leaves the Matrix. Neo wakes up and goes outside his apartment gazing over the city. Councillor Hamann approaches him and offers his company. Neo accepts. Hamann asks if Neo has ever been to the engineering level. He has not, so they go. Once down there Hamann tells Neo about his wondering if they, the free humans, aren't in a sense plugged into these machines. They do after all depend on them. Neo answers that they control these machines, that if they wanted to they could shut them down, destroy them. But, Hamann points out there is the catch. If they did turn them off, what would happen to their water supply, heat etc.? But in the end he has no point to his musings and they leave it at that. It's morning and Ballard knocks on a door in Zion and Trinity opens. "Is Neo here?" Trinity opens the door further and Neo appears. It's a message from the Oracle. Against Lock's orders Morpheus takes off with ship and crew to have Neo meet with her. Before departure Zee tries to urge Link to wear her lucky necklace. He reluctantly agrees, not believing in that stuff, and they kiss. As the party go their ship Bane/Smith sits in nook of the tunnel, cutting his hand with a knife. When the quartet pass him, he sneaks up behind them, knife in hand. He is discovered though when the kid from before comes running. "Neo!" Bane/Smith hides the knife behind his back and claims he just wanted to say good luck. The kid has to say goodbye to his hero too before he leaves and give him something from one of the orphans. "He said you'd understand." It's a metal spoon. Lock is outraged at Counselor Hamann for giving the Nebuchadnezzar clearance to leave. He did so because he believes their survival depends on more than how many ships they have. Neo enters the Matrix near the designated address, which is in Chinatown. He enters a small room from the street and at the back of the room sits an Asian-looking man in corresponding clothes, meditating. To Neo, who sees everything in coding, the stranger radiates a golden light. "Welcome," he says. "I am Seraph." He will take Neo to the Oracle. "But first I must apologize." "For what?" wonders Neo. "For this," says Seraph ( Collin Chou ) and attacks. After some kicking, punching and blocking, Seraph is satisfied. He had to make sure Neo really was the One, as the Oracle has many enemies. "You could have just asked," claims Neo with a smile. "You do not really know someone until you fight them," answers Seraph. He then shuts the door to the street, pulls out a key that he turns in the key hole and opens the door again. It no longer leads to the streets of Chinatown, but to a white hallway lined with green doors. "These are back doors," Neo concludes. Seraph confirms. "Where'd they go?" Link wonders in the real world. They walk down the hall till Seraph stops and opens another door. This one leads to an isolated courtyard where the Oracle ( Gloria Foster ) sits waiting on a bench. Neo approaches her and she asks him to sit down. He politely declines. "Suit yourself," she says and shrugs. Neo sits down after all. "I felt like sitting." "Of course." "Let's get the obvious out of the way," the Oracle starts. "You're not human, are you," Neo says. "Doesn't get more obvious than that." "If I had to guess I'd say you were a program of the machine world. And so is he," Neo looks at Seraph. "I guess the most obvious question is, how can I trust you?" The Oracle answers that he has to choose whether to trust her or not. "Candy?" she offers him. "You already know if I'm going to take it?" "Wouldn't be much of an oracle if I didn't." "Then how can I make a choice?" The Oracle replies that he has already made the choice and only needs to understand it. "But why are you here?" wonders Neo. The Oracle points out a flock of crows and explains that at some point a program to govern them as well as all other things. The programs that do their job are invisible, as opposed those who do not. The latter manifest as what humans refer to as ghosts, vampires etc. "When a program faces deletion it can either choose to hide out here or return to the Source. Where you must go." "The machine mainframe." "You've seen, haven't you? The The door of bright light." Neo confirms. "What happens when you walk through it?! "I see Trinity. Something bad happens and Trinity starts to fall." "Do you see her die?" "No" "You've got the sight now Neo." Neo wants to know why he can not see what happen to Trinity, but the answer he gets is simply that we cannot see past the choices we do not understand. "Are you saying I have to choose whether Trinity lives or dies?" "No, Neo. You've already made the choice." Neo refuses to accept this, he can not do such a thing, but he has to. "Why?" "Because you are the One." If Neo doesn't go to the Source all of Zion will perish, and to get there he will need the Keymaker, an exile program currently held captive by the Merovingian an old and dangerous program. Seraph comes over saying they must leave and so he and the Oracle leave through the back door. Just as the door closes Smith appears. Apparently Neo and he are connected somehow. He explains that when Neo destroyed him he was supposed to be deleted, but he refused to obey the rules and has now become "unplugged". Then there is the question of purpose and Smith-clones start coming towards them, each elaborating on the importance of purpose. When the "original" Smith and Neo are surrounded by clones, Smith tries to turn him into another clone, but with some effort Neo manages to resist and pulls Smith's hand out of his chest. All Smiths attack. A lengthy fight ensues, more clones joining in continually. In the middle of it all an agent comes to the scene only to be turned into yet another clone, but not before recognizing Smith in surprise. Eventually Neo abandons the fight and all the clones go their separate ways. Back in the real world Neo is unplugged. "It was Smith," says Morpheus. Neo confirms and that he has found a way to copy himself. In Zion the council and all crews are gathered. Lock explains their current situation and tactics. The council have limited confidence in these tactics. They then ask if there has been word from the Nebucadnezzar. There has not. Hence the council asks for two volunteer ships to go search for them, against Lock's protests. Captain Soren ( Steve Bastoni ) stands up immediately. No other reacts to the request. Bane/Smith suggests to Ballard that they should volunteer, but Ballard just tells him to shut up. Eventually Niobe declares her willingness to search for the missing party, to Lock's surprise and horror. He tries to forbid her to go, but she is determined, because some things never change and some things do. Neo, Trinity and Morpheus arrive at a French restaurant in the Matrix, where thy find the Merovingian ( Lambert Wilson ) and his wife, Persephone ( Monica Bellucci ), at the head table as if they were king and queen. As a "trafficker of information", as he calls himself, the Merovingian knows why they are there. The question is, according to him, do they know? He says they are there because they were told to, declares he has no intention of letting go of the Keymaker and tells them to tell the Oracle from him that "her time is almost up." He also explains to them what he holds as the one truth, namely the forces of causality. As he has said all he feels like sharing he cuts the negotiations short and excuses himself to the men's room. Neo, Morpheus and Trinity are escorted to the elevator by the Merovingian's henchmen. When the elevator stops and the doors open they see Persephone waiting for them. "If you want the Keymaker, follow me," she says dryly and takes them to the men's room (where the Merovingian is not). "Why are you doing this?" Neo asks. Her answer is that she has come to resent her husband. She will take them to the Keymaker on one condition: that Neo kiss her as if she were Trinity, she wants to remember what love feels like. Trinity protests by pulling a gun at Persephone, but as they need the Keymaker she has no choice but to back down and look on in anguish. As soon as Persephone is satisfied she fulfills her promise. She leads them through the kitchen of the restaurant and to a door at the other end. This she opens with a key similar to that of Seraph's. This takes them to the great hall of a chateau. Persephone further leads the party to a small study where two shady men are sitting guard. She shoots one with a silver bullet and tells the other to tell his master what she has done or die like his friend. "He's in the lady's room," Persephone shouts after the vampire as he scurries off and opens a secret door to the dungeons, where they find the Keymaker ( Randall Duk Kim ). As they re-enter the main hall, the Merovingian and his henchmen burst through the front door. He is shocked by his wife's actions and fail to understand her reasons. She plainly explains that it is just like he said: cause and effect. The Merovingian claims there is no cause for this, but Persephone points out the lipstick he is still wearing (not on his lips...) and leaves. The Merovingian immediately order the Twins ( Neil Rayment and Adrian Rayment ), who turn out to have the ability to turn into spectrals, to get the Keymaker back. The Keymaker flees right away and Trinity and Morpheus follow him, leaving Neo to handle the henchmen. They put up more of a fight than the agents, but are still not much of a match for the One. Disappointed the Merovingian and company leave the way they came, closing the door behind them. This causes the connection between the restaurant and castle to break and when he re-opens the door Neo finds himself high up in the mountains. He therefore runs the way the Keymaker went. Meanwhile, the Keymaker connects the door at the end of a hallway to a parking lot, but Trinity fails to close the door before one of the Twins gets an arm between the door and the door frame. Thus the other twin can merely glide through in spectral form, prompting Trinity to fight him (Morpheus holds the door), but she loses and the Twin pulls a knife to her throat. Morpheus has no choice but to let the other Twin through. In the meantime, the Keymaker acquires a car and Trinity runs over and gets in the driver's seat while Morpheus holds the Twins at bay. Morpheus gets in the car and they flee. As they drive away one of the twins closes the door in Neo's face. Neo crashes through the door anyway, but is again in the mountains. He calls Link who can only tell him he's in the mountains. Neo then inquires how Trinity and Morpheus are doing. They are in trouble, Link tells him, and gives him directions to their whereabouts. In the city Morpheus and Trinity are zooming through the streets trying to shake off the pursuing Twins who have acquired a car of their own. Morpheus calls Link for help and it turns out the only way is onto the freeway. By now, a load of police cars are on their tail. "You always told me to stay off the freeway," says Trinity. "Yes, that's true." "You said it was suicide." "Then let us hope that I was wrong." Elsewhere in the Matrix, Niobe calls Link to tell him they have come to get them out. "Just follow the sirens..." says Link. On the freeway, the Twins are now in front of Morpheus and co. and as soon as they run out of ammo, the one not driving takes spectral form and lands himself in the backseat of the other car, next to the Keymaker. Morpheus tries to fight him off, to little avail. Then Agents show up; one lands on the hood of Trinity's and Morpheus's car and rips off the roof. Morpheus, though held down by the Twin, fires at him, but this helps no more than it ever has before. Trinity hits the brakes so that the Agent is flung off. Morpheus continues to struggle with the Twin and eventually gets hold of a sword which he thrusts through his seat, forcing the twin to let go of his solid self and get left behind. He is immediately picked up by his brother. "We are getting aggravated." "Yes, we are." Another Agent has caught up with our heroes and fires away as well hitting them with his car. They manage to lose him though, by leaving the freeway in a way that causes the Agent to crash into the railing. They are now on a bridge over the freeway and come to a full stop. "Trinity, get him out of here," orders Morpheus. "Come on!" she shouts to the Keymaker and they jump off the bridge onto a truck below carrying a load of motorcycles. Morpheus stays behind to handle the Twins. He does this by causing their crash and shooting the gas tank. Trinity and the Keymaker obtain a motorcycle and continue towards their exit. It is not long however before an Agent takes control of a semi-truck, forcing Trinity to turn around. Police follow and are soon transformed into more Agents. Morpheus comes towards them on the roof of another semi-truck and grabs the Keymaker. Trinity is no longer being pursued and escapes, as it is the Keymaker the Agents want this time. An Agent therefore attacks Morpheus instead, and they battle on top of the semi. After a while Morpheus, is thrown off, but Niobe catches him on the hood of her car. The Agent approaches the Keymaker. "You are no longer necessary." "We do only what we're meant to do," says the Keymaker. "Then you're meant for only one more thing. Deletion." replies the Agent . Just as the Agent is about to terminate the Exile, Mopheus jumps on him, throwing him off. This only prompts the Agent to relocate to the driver's seat of the same semi-truck, and forces Niobe to leave. Further back another Agent is in control of another semi-truck and turns the truck, aiming for the other truck and a head-on collision. "Neo, if you're out there, I could use some help," prays Mopheus to himself. "What is that?" wonders Link about something on the screen. Neo comes flying through the air, grabbing Morpheus and the Keymaker in the nick of time. In Zion, they learn that the machines drilling through the earth are currently being slowed down by iron, which means they will be in Zion in little over nine hours. Soren, Niobe, Morpheus and their crews are gathered with the Keymaker. He tells them what they must do. Neo must go through the door that leads to the source, but to keep the entire building from exploding, the electrical network providing energy to 27 square blocks must be disabled. Niobe and Ghost ( Anthony Brandon Wong ) must therefore take out a power station while Soren and his crew deactivate the emergency network. This will give a five-minute window during which Neo must open the door. "All must be done as one. If one fails, all fail," the Keymaker instructs. Back in the real world, while waiting for it to be time for him to go, Neo makes Trinity promise not to enter the Matrix. She agrees. Niobe and Ghost succeed, but Soren and his crew are killed by Sentinels just before they accomplish their mission. Link and Trinity discover that they aren't moving and so Trinity has to go in to finish their job. As Neo sees the lights go out he, Morpheus and the Keymaker enter the hall of back door, where they are met by Smith. Trinity enters the Matrix and all happens as in Neo's dreams. In the hallway Neo and Morpheus are assaulted by a horde of Smiths. They try to take Morpheus' body for their own, but Neo prevents it. In the heat of the battle the Keymaker sneaks around by using alternate doors and opens the one they seek just as the power grid fails again, thanks to Trinity. Neo grabs Morpheus and flies through the door. Unfortunately the Keymaker is gunned down by Smiths as he closes it again, and dies. Before taking his last "breath," he tells Morpheus which door to take to get home and gives Neo the key he needs to open the special door. Simultaneously an Agent is heading for Trinity without her knowledge. Neo enters the door of light. He is now in a room where the walls are made up of old-fashioned television screens. In a chair on the other side of the room sits the Architect ( Helmut Bakaitis ), the one who designed the Matrix. Neo asks why is he there. The Architect explains that Neo is an anomaly he has been unable to remove. "You haven't answered my question," Neo points out. The Architect confirms and mentions that he caught on faster than the others... The screens, showing Neo and expressing his thoughts, all express bewilderment by what the Architect means. "The Matrix is older than you know," the Architect explains. Apparently this is the sixth version. Neo has trouble accepting, but concludes that "either no one told me or no one knows." "Precisely." The anomaly is essential to the equations the Architect builds the Matrix from. "Choice, the problem is choice," Neo realizes. Just then Trinity is surprised by an Agent. She is no match for him and soon hits the floor. The Architect describes the first Matrix, which was perfect and therefore failed. The Architect tried again, making it reflect the human nature, but in vain. The problem was discovered by "an intuitive program, initially created to investigate certain aspects of the human psyche." The Oracle discovered (according to the Architect, by chance) that the humans had to be given choice. This leads them to Zion and Neo is with the Architect because it is about to be destroyed, a fact Neo cannot accept.The Architect simply points out that it is for the sixth time and they are getting better and better at it. Trinity continues to battle the Agent, but is slowly being defeated. The Architect explains that Neo must now return to the Source so that the "prime program can be launched. Then he must choose 23 people to rebuild Zion. If he does not the Matrix will crash due to system failure, killing everyone connected. As Zion is about to be destroyed that would mean the end of the human race. Neo points out however that machines need humans to survive. "There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept," the Architect claims. He doubts however that Neo will accept the extinction of all humans. The Architect elaborates that the five predecessors were designed to develop an attachment to their fellow human beings. Neo, on the other hand has a more specific aim for his affections. "Trinity!" Neo exclaims in a whisper. The screens are showing her predicament, and the Architect reveals that she entered the Matrix to save his life. The Architect presents Neo with two doors. The one to his right leads to the Source, and the one on the left to Trinity and the downfall of man. The old man can tell that Neo's feelings are blinding him from the "fact" that Trinity will die either way. As the Oracle predicted, Neo goes to his left, only stopping to threaten the Architect that he better hope they don't meet again. "We won't," is the only reply. Back in the real world Morpheus is just coming out of the Matrix. "We have a problem, sir," says Link. "Oh, no," exclaims Morpheus as he sees Trinity connected. Trinity is still battling the Agent and jumps through the window and falls, the Agent close behind, and he shoots her as predicted in Neo's nightmares. Neo, flying faster than ever, catches her just in time, the agent hitting the car, crushing it. Neo lands on a rooftop with her and lays her down. She appears fatally wounded. Neo removes the bullet by manipulating the code of the Matrix, but Trinity's heart stops. Neo refused to accept her death. Reaching through the code of the Matrix, he compresses her heart and restarts it. She awakens with a start and they kiss passionately. "I guess this makes us even," she whispers. Morpheus fails to understand why the prophecy has not come true. Neo tells him and the others that they have 24 hours to save Zion and that the prophecy was just another form of control, a lie. Morpheus has major trouble accepting this, but before they can contemplate this complexity, their proximity alert sounds. The sentinels are just outside of EMP range. "It's a bomb," says Neo. They flee. Keeping its distance, the sentinel they detected spins itself rapidly and releases a tow bomb that collides with the Neb. From a safe distance the crew see the Nebuchadnezzar blown apart by the powerful weapon. "I have dreamed a dream, but now that dream has gone from me," Morpheus says, heartbroken. The Sentinels pursue them immediately and the humans run for their lives. Suddenly Neo stops. "Something's different," he says "What?" asks Trinity. "I can feel them." As the Sentinels descend on them, Neo stops them in mid-air, as if he were emitting an EMP. As soon as all the Sentinels are down he collapses. Just then the ship Hammer comes to their rescue. Aboard, Neo is lying unconscious in sickbay, Trinity at his side. In the conference room, the crew of the ship tell Morpheus and Link about the counterattack on the digging machines. It all sounded good, but someone screwed up. An EMP triggered before they were in position and five ships were incapacitated. It was a slaughter. No one knows how it happened. The sole survivor now lies unconscious in the sickbay of the Hammer with Neo. It is Bane. Continued in " The Matrix Revolutions (2003) ." 