nm0004103:

 Mindstorm (I) (2001)Summaries A psychic's investigation into the disappearance of a Senator's daughter leads her to a dangerous cult and the truth about her mysterious past. In 1985, the NSA's Dr. Parish's team trains paranormally gifted children in a new, secret Honduras base, where sergeant 'Uncle' Walter Golden is the closest thing to a parental figure for the eldest, most advanced boy, Malcolm, and his favorite Tracy. During director Bill Armitage's inspection visit, it is devastated by Soviet commandos. About fifteen years later, adult Tracy Wellman is a reckless private investigator and presents her boyfriend and protector, FBI agent Daniel 'Dan' Oliver, to her step-dad Angus, who never told the details of her traumatic amnesia at age 9, which still causes disturbed flashbacks. The FBI brings Tracy to -now- senator and presidential campaign nominee William 'wild Bill', who hires her discretely to retrieve his rebellious, since ten days missing daughter Rayanna 'Ray' before the press turns the story into an electoral nightmare. Rayanna is in the Congregation of Friends, charismatic, also psychic preacher David Mendez's New Age cult, and writes to dad he must leave her on Mendez's ranch in Yakima, Washington, or she'll turn to the press. Dan finds the cult is dangerous, building up an armory, and Mendez has absolutely no known past. Armitage asks help from Dan's boss Angus, who agrees he goes to ex-cult member Jeannette Long, in the witness protection program; they are attacked by helicopters while she tells Dan her ex-lover Mendez is in league with heavy criminals and obsessed with revenge on the senator. Mendez manages to rekindle Tracy's Honduras memories, says he's the late Malcolm's spirit in a dying Russian soldier's body and asks her help to stop Armitae and the likes by training enough people's psychic powers in the cult, finally revealing they are siblings. Yet Tracy refuses to become co-leader, calling David/Malcolm a schizophrenic brainwashing rapist, so she's tied up while the FBI including Daniel beleaguers the ranch, but Mendez has planned ahead... KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Epicenter (2000)Summaries A detective assigned to transport a dangerous mobster discovers that she has been set-up to fail. Epicenter concerns brassy, beautiful Amanda Foster, a down-on-her-luck San Francisco F.B.I. Agent who's been assigned to protect a Computer Hacker-turned-State's-Witness, Nick Constantine, from the mob. On the Day of the assignment, the city is rocked by a devastating earthquake, forcing Amanda and Nick to fight their way through the ravaged city streets while being pursued by ruthless assassins and a corrupt F.B.I. Agent. Jason Sledge An FBI agent is assigned to transport a dangerous criminal/computer hacker to a prison in Los Angeles only to learn that she was set up to to fail. Then a massive earthquake destroys Los Angeles, forcing the agent and criminal to join forces to survive in the ravaged city. matt-282 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Premonition (2005 TV Movie)Summaries After a violent car wreck nearly takes his life, Jack Barnes begins having inexplicable and terrifying premonitions of horrible disasters. As his premonitions start coming true, Jack is soon wanted by the FBI for questioning. After a violent car wreck nearly takes his life, Detective Jack Barnes begins having inexplicable and terrifying premonitions of horrible disasters. At first his warning calls go unheeded, but as the premonitions begin to come true Jack is shocked to find himself wanted for questioning by the FBI. He goes on the run, narrowly avoiding both the FBI and a band of terrorists on the verge of unleashing a deadly attack. As he scrambles to unlock the meaning of the visions, he must race against the clock to stop the terrorists before they can strike again. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chaos (II) (2005)541) Two cops, a rookie and a grizzled vet, pursue an accomplished bank robber. In Seattle, detective Quentin Conners is unfairly suspended and his partner Jason York leaves the police force after a tragic shooting on Pearl Street Bridge, when the hostage and the criminal die. During a bank heist with a hostage situation, Conners is assigned in charge of the operation with the rookie Shane Dekker as his partner. The thieves, lead by Lorenz, apparently do not steal a penny from the bank. While chasing the gangsters, the police team disclose that they planted a virus in the system, stealing one billion dollars from the different accounts, using the principle of the Chaos Theory. Further, they find that Lorenz is killing his accomplices. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Seattle PD captain Martin Jenkins reinstates suspended hero detective Quentin Conners because Lorenz, the alias of the ruthless gangsters' leader who holds staff and clients hostage in a bank, demands that interlocutor, but gives him a 'baby-sitter', brilliant rookie Shane Dekker, son of a SPD hero killed in action. Lorenz tricks them to escape, apparently without any loot, although a Saudi prince keeps a fortune there, but an ICT expert works out the crooks just needed to get in to install an untraceable virus. Shane's erudite suspicion Lorenz is using 'chaos theory' proves crucial in combination with a series of murders on accomplices and apparently dirty cops. The bloody trail finally makes a startling twist. KGF Vissers The disgraced and washed up Seattle Detective, Quentin Conners, is called back into action after a long-term suspension, when the master bank thief, Lorenz, asks for him during a volatile hostage situation. As the veteran officer and his inexperienced partner, Shane Dekker, start negotiating with the gang of criminals, it becomes evident that the arrogant robber, who is a follower of the chaos theory, has planted an insidious computer virus capable of rinsing the bank for every penny. Now, it's a race against the clock to thwart Lorenz's evil scheme. Can Conners make it in time before chaos reigns? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Seattle PD Detective Quentin Conners (Jason Statham) apparently kills a car hijacker called John Curtis and the young woman the hijacker is using as a shield. Newspapers and reporters blame Detective Conners and his partner York. After a fellow police officer, Callo, testifies against them, Conners is suspended, and York is fired. York tried to kill John, but York accidentally killed the hostage. John tried to kill York, but Conners killed John in self-defense. In the present day, Lorenz (Wesley Snipes) and four other criminals take hostages in a bank. Lorenz has only one demand, to negotiate with Conners. Conners is reinstated but put under the surveillance of a new partner, the young Inspector Dekker. Conners is given control of the negotiations, and after a bank teller is shot, he orders a SWAT unit to cut the building's power and go in. During an explosion, the criminals flee during the ensuing panic and chaos. Dekker and Conners learn more about each other at a local diner, slowly building a friendship, but Dekker disapproves of Conners' cowboy methods. Dekker explains that during negotiations, Lorenz was making many cryptic references to chaos theory. As they leave to examine new evidence, Conners pays with a ten dollar bill and says he does not like to tip. Dekker swaps the ten for a twenty of his own. A TV camera caught a shot of one of the criminals, who is arrested together with his girlfriend at her home, where banknotes are found with a scent used to mark evidence collected by the police. The banknote serial numbers did not come from that day's robbery, but had been placed in police storage and signed out a two weeks earlier by Inspector Callo. He is found shot dead in his home, together with incriminating evidence linking him to the heist. When reviewing video footage from the bank, Dekker notices one corner of the bank is deliberately shielded from view. In that corner, they find the bank regional manager's computer. Fingerprints on the keyboard reveal the identity of a hacker that Conners himself had arrested, but whose conviction was overturned after the shooting on the bridge. Conners and Dekker want to question the hacker, but he is shot dead by Lorenz, and a gun fight ensues. Lorenz escapes. Dekker questions the hospitalized bank robber identified in the news TV footage and finally breaks him when he casually explains the impact of a massive overdose of morphine while slowly injecting something into the suspect's drip. An amazed Conners watches and later calls him a hypocrite. Dekker responds by explaining he only injected more saline solution. The suspect reveals Lorenz is Scott Curtis, the brother of John shot earlier, and Conners leads a stakeout at an address where all the gang are to meet that night. It is Scott's house. Forced to go before Scott arrives, a shootout results in both suspects' deaths, and a bomb blows up the building while Conners is inside. Dekker is devastated but realizes that Callo's signature requesting material from the evidence storage was forged by the evidence custody officer, who reveals that Scott is actually York. In a flashback, York stands on the bridge and fires the first shot, killing the woman hostage in the opening sequence. Tracking Lorenz/York's mobile phone, Dekker surprises York at a diner, and York takes a woman hostage in a reversal of the standoff on the bridge. Dekker chases and eventually kills York. When Dekker pays for his coffee at the diner, he discovers the banknote Conners used to pay for lunch with is also scented, which means Conners was also involved in taking the money from police evidence. Dekker finds a copy of James Gleick's book on chaos theory in Conners' house, showing he had faked an earlier ignorance of the mathematics. On a hunch, Dekker looks for airplane tickets booked in the name of James Gleick and runs to the airport. During a mobile call between the now disguised Conners and the searching Dekker at the busy airport, flashbacks reveal how the seemingly unconnected events in the film form a pattern, just as predicted in chaos theory. Conners reveals that he placed his badge on Scott's corpse before the explosion. Conners and York recruited a group of ex-convicts from their past. Callo was framed for being a dirty cop. Conners ends the call, walks casually to a private jet, and takes off while sipping champagne. 