nm0002950:

 50 Kisses (2014)541) 50 writers. 50 filmmakers. One picture. Fifty Kisses is a crowd created feature film with multiple stories connected by one thing - a Valentines kiss. Irreverent, charming, ridiculous, moving and at times profound, 50 Kisses features everything from love struck zombies, androids, teddy bears to... fatigue-fighting lesbians! 50 Kisses is the world's first crowd generated feature film; a multi-cultural and global reflection of pop culture's vision of love in the 21st century. livingspirit In 2012, the London Screenwriters Festival launched a competition to find 50 amazing two page scripts set on Valentine's day and featuring a kiss. Those scripts were then released on the Internet for filmmakers to turn into brilliant two minute short films. The best films were then edited together into a unique feature film set on Valentines' Day. 50 Kisses is the world's first crowd sourced narrative feature film. With a limited cinema release and a premiere date of 13th of Feb 2014, 50 Kisses is a unique project backed by London Screenwriters' Festival and distributor Guerilla Films. Anonymous 50 Kisses is a crowd created feature film with multiple stories connected by on thing - a Valentines kiss. Irreverent, charming, ridiculous, moving and at times wonderfully profound, 50 Kisses features everything from love struck zombies, androids and teddy bears, to fatigue fighting lesbians! 50 Kisses is the world's first crowd generated feature film; a multi-cultural and global reflection of pop culture's vision of love in the 21st century. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 50 Kisses is a groundbreaking project that brought together new talent in a global collaboration with the sole aim of creating an extraordinary feature film. In the summer of 2012 the London Screenwriters Festival issued a challenge to the writing community create a killer 2 page script that filmmakers anywhere in the world will work with you to produce. The best 50 of those films will then be woven together to create a feature length film that will receive a global release. The only guidelines were that the scripts be set on Valentines Day and feature at least one kiss. Out of 1870 script submissions and 127 completed films, the result is 50 Kisses, a ground breaking film showcasing the combined talents of hundreds of new creative voices from around the world. Irreverent, charming, ridiculous, moving and at times wonderfully profound, 50 Kisses features everything from love struck zombies, androids and teddy bears to fatigue fighting lesbians! 50 Kisses is the world's first crowd generated feature film; a multi-cultural and global reflection of pop cultures vision of love in the 21st century. 
 The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer (2003 TV Movie)321) The wife of an oil tycoon becomes engrossed in the sinister evil residing within her Seattle mansion home. Set at the turn of the century, this is the tale of Ellen Rimbauer who just received this mysterious mansion as a wedding gift from her new husband. Her husband is a Seattle oil tycoon who has a dark past which Ellen eventually finds out about. She becomes fearful of her husband when she learns of some disappearances of people that were close to him. Also there are some unexplained happenings at the Rose Red Mansion that might have a connection to these people who have disappeared. Now Ellen is worried she might be next. mts77 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based as a prequel to the Stephen King mini-serie's 'Rose Red', 'The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer' is based Rose Red, a haunted house with a disturbing past. The Seattle mansion was constructed at the turn of the 20th century by oil magnate, John Rimbauer, who built the house for his bride, Ellen, while on honeymoon in Africa. From the early stages of construction, the house is rocked by tragedy and scandal. Murders, suicides and mysterious disappearances suggest Rose Red has a mind of its own, choosing who shall vanish within its walls. The movie hears Ellen Rimbauer in voice over read her diary and are given a glimpse of the Seattle elite in the early 1900's. We see Ellen Rimbauer develop from a young bride to a tormented matriarch. The diary entries gradually become darker and more daunting. Guests to Rose Red vanish and Ellen is afraid of her own home. Societal pressures keep her married to John Rimbauer. Aside from the house's frightening faults, Mrs. Rimbauer candidly discusses the cruel and sexually-twisted intentions of her once-admired husband. The diary includes recollections of explicit erotic acts, serial murder and sexual ambiguity. 'The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer increases in disturbance until its abrupt end. 'Rose Red' documents the fictional work of the fictional Dr. Joyce Reardon in her attempt to unlock the secrets of the house before it's demolished. The troubled history of Rose Red and its inhabitants are the subjects of Dr. Reardon's life-long work. Her mentor vanished from the house thirty years prior and its been her obsession ever since. In 1998, Dr. Reardon purchased Ellen Rimbauer's personal journal. The writings were "authenticated" and compiled for a publication titled The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red. (There was a book published as a tie-in promotion for the 'Rose Red' mini-series and authorship under the pseudonym Joyce Reardon. Controversy over authorship went on over years whether Stephen or Tabitha King could have possible tomed the book until it was determined that Ridley Pearson was actually the author.) The movie was based on this book and the voice-overs are tken directly from the diary entries although some liberty is taken with both characters, timelines, and plot. After watching The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer, you'll want to see the mini-series you will want to see Stephen King's Rose Red mini-series. 
 From Out of the Blue (1999)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Love (IV) (2013)Summaries Man traveling on the Underground with sinister intentions is moved by the open innocence of a child. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 