nm0010101:

 Killer Image (1992)Summaries After his brother's murder, Max Oliver (John Pyper-Ferguson) suspects the last photographs his brother took provide the key to a sprawling political cover-up. When Max Oliver learns his photographer brother has been killed, he suspects it was no random murder. And when he finds his brothers' last photos of a powerful senator and a prostitute, Max gets a clear picture of a deadly political cover-up. Seeking to expose his brother's killer, Max enters a murderous game of cat and mouse, stalked by a cold-blooded assassin who has Max dead in his sights. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tom Stone (20022003)Summaries Tom Stone is a charming rogue with a colourful past. As an ex-cop, ex-rig worker and ex-con, he's got just the skills the Mounties need to uncover low crime in high places. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Betrayed (1988)Summaries An FBI agent posing as a combine driver becomes romantically involved with a Midwest farmer who lives a double life as a white supremacist. A woman starts work on a farm, and gets to know the owner. They get on well, and she also gets on with his children. He asks her to stay on when the work is finished. Things are not what they seem, and we discover the woman is actually an FBI agent... Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com> In Chicago, the host of a controversial radio talk show Sam Kraus is assassinated in the garage of his building by a White Supremacist terrorist group,they consider Z.O.G. - "Zionist Occupied Government their #1enemy actually (The U.S. Government)FBI agent Catherine Phillips is assigned to work undercover in a rural area to investigate the prime suspect Gary Simmons using the identity of Katie Weaver. Katie meets the family man and widower Gary, his mother, his son and his daughter. She believes he is innocent and they fall in love with each other. Gary trusts Katie, proposes to her and discloses the truth about his bigot friends and himself. Katie faces a dilemma and asks her superior Mike Carnes to take her off the case. Mike insists she stay on the case and Katie is divided by her love and her duty, leading to a tragic consequence. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 We're No Angels (1989)Summaries Two escaped cons only prayer to escape is to pass themselves off as priests and pass by the police blockade at the border into the safety of Canada. A couple of escaped convicts on the run find refuge with the Church when they are mistaken for two priests. The two are keen to flee but are unable to do so without the help of Molly. Rob Hartill It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 