nm0001109:

 Jiggery Pokery (1994 TV Movie)Summaries The story begins at the stage door after a performance. A cabaret somewhere presenting songs from Dietrich to pop performed by various artists. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Borghilde Project (2009)Summaries A black comedy short that examines the creation of the first Nazi Sex Doll set in the 1940s. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Stargate (1994)761) An interstellar teleportation device, found in Egypt, leads to a planet with humans resembling ancient Egyptians who worship the god Ra. In 1928, in Egypt, a strange device is found by an expedition. In the present days, the outcast linguist Dr. Daniel Jackson is invited by a mysterious woman to decipher an ancient hieroglyph in a military facility. Soon he finds that the device was developed by an advanced civilization and opens a portal to teletransport to another planet. Dr. Jackson is invited to join a military team under the command of Colonel Jonathan 'Jack' O'Neil that will explore the new world. They find a land that recalls Egypt and humans in a primitive culture that worship and are slaves to Ra, the God of the Sun. But soon they discover the secret of the mysterious "stargate". Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Egyptologist Daniel Jackson is brought to an underground military base where he decodes the symbols on Egyptian cover stones as constellations. That allows an alien device, known as the Stargate, to be opened and a team led by Air Force Colonel Jack' O' Neil and Jackson to travel across the known universe to a distant planet. Arriving on the planet, they find a culture ruled by someone pretending to be the Egyptian sun god Ra. Soon, Ra captures the team and takes control of a nuclear weapon brought to the planet in case of the discovery of hostile aliens. Jackson and O'Neil escape and must fight Ra and his army of warriors to save Earth from being destroyed by Ra. timdalton007 A stargate found in Egypt in the 40's is put into storage until a genius figures out how to operate it. Now, there is a link between earth and an unknown galaxy millions of light years away. Colonel Jonathan "Jack" O'Neil is sent with some men to explore the unkown but there's only one problem: When they reach this earth-like planet, there is no way to re-open the stargate without the right equipment. They must fight off evil and all to get the stargate back into its "locked" position and save the earth from the deadly bomb which is going to be sent through the stargate by the evil leader... Michael Feller <reb@magna.com.au> Blending into Egyptian myth and legend, and the covering up of an alien race that once came to this planet that took its inhabitants for slaves, not by means of ships, but the use of teleportation, and the use of the Stargate. The method of traveling to the ends of the universe, instantly, a quantum leap, from one space to another, as simply walking from one room into another, this is the purpose of the Stargate. Now, in the present day, and for eons past, the Stargate has been hidden, forgotten, and buried, as time has progressed and histories have come and gone throughout the ages; the Stargate has once more been unearthed. In the hands of the military, this portal, this unique tool, this mysterious device shall once more regenerate and transport those to wondrous and new worlds, those who now share its secret. Led by Col. Jonathan 'Jack' O'Neil, he, his team and Dr. Daniel Jackson, scientist and Egyptologist, have crossed the boundaries of time and space. These modern-day pilgrims have naively stumbled across the Kingdom of the ancient god Ra. An intelligent, cunning and malevolent aging creature that for centuries has used the bodies of his people, his slaves, his humans, to regenerate himself over and over to receive eternal life. And so in the conflict between Man and the deadly demigod Ra begins, the Stargate is where it began, and with the Stargate it shall end. Cinema_Fan A giant structure found in the desert has studied by various scientist for nearly fifty years and are no where near discovering what it is. Until Daniel jackson, a language expert deciphers and reveals that it's a Stargate. He also discovers how to make it work. They then learn that it's some kind interstellar transport device. Now a group of soldiers led by despondent Colonel Jack O'Neill go to the planet, also accompanying them is Jackson, who said that he can reactivate the Stargate to send them back but he forgot to mention that he needs to find the symbols and they can't find anything, so it appears that they are trapped. And if that isn't enough, some aliens arrive and capture them and have nefarious plans for Earth. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Plot The film begins in 1928, where Professor Langford discovers a massive stone ring in the sands of Giza, Egypt. In the present day, Langford's daughter Catherine offers Egyptologist Daniel Jackson, a down-on-his-luck linguistics professor, the chance to translate ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs that may prove his controversial theory regarding the Pyramid of Khufu. Jackson accepts and travels to a US Air Force installation inside Creek Mountain, Colorado. Jackson translates the hieroglyphs on the outside ring of the stone, which read: "A million years into the sky is Ra. Sealed and buried for all time, his Stargate." Formerly retired Special Forces Colonel Jack O'Neil arrives to take command of the project and declares it classified. Jackson deduces that the symbols are star constellations that are coordinates for a location within space. The sequence is entered into the Stargate, creating a wormhole to Abydos, a planet in another galaxy. After O'Neil leads a team through the Stargate, they find themselves inside a pyramid in the middle of vast sand dunes. Jackson reveals they cannot dial home because the Stargate coordinates to go back to Earth are missing. Some team members stay at the pyramid while Jackson, O'Neil, and others go out and discover a mining village inhabited by humans who assume them to be gods sent by Ra. Jackson realizes that the people speak a dialect of Ancient Egyptian and begins communicating with them. The team develops friendships with the people; O'Neil with Skaara, and Jackson begins a budding romance with Sha'uri, a daughter of the leader. Jackson learns from hieroglyphs in the catacombs how the Egyptian god Ra was actually an alien life form (a Goa'uld) who enslaved humans with his advanced technology. While these humans eventually rebelled and buried the Stargate, some had been taken to Abydos through the Stargate and used to mine the quartzite-like mineral on which all of Ra's technology is based. Fearing another rebellion on Abydos, Ra outlawed reading and writing. At this point, the team from Earth discovers the cartouche needed to get back home, but the seventh symbol is eroded away. O'Neil orders the team to return to the pyramid. A short time later, a huge spacecraft lands on top of the pyramid. Ra's general, Anubis, flanked by warriors in avian-themed masks, hunt the soldiers throughout the pyramid's labyrinthine tunnels, dispatching them with blinding speed. O'Neil and Jackson are escorted to the throne room, where they meet Ra. Ra's guards unmask and are revealed to be human. Ra reveals his intention to send the atomic bomb brought by O'Neil, which was to be used to destroy the Stargate to prevent invasion by any threat, back to Earth; it is now enhanced with his quartzite-like material to produce cataclysmic results. O'Neil attempts to disarm the guards and kill Ra but relents when Ra uses his children courtiers as human shields. Jackson is killed during the altercation. O'Neil is thrown into a dungeon with the captured team members, while Jackson is regenerated in a sarcophagus-like device. Ra states that he will kill Jackson and everyone who has seen him unless Jackson kills the rest of the team to show the villagers that Ra is their one true god. However, once Ra has the local people gathered before the pyramid craft, several young villagers signal to Jackson that they have recovered the team's weapons. Jackson then shoots at Ra while the kids create a distraction. O'Neil, Jackson, and the rest of the team flee Ra's ship and take shelter in a cave with the boys. The next morning, when Skaara draws a picture of the people's victory against Ra, Jackson realizes that part of this drawing depicts the seventh symbol needed to reactivate the Stargate: three moons over a pyramid. Jackson convinces the locals that their "gods" are mere mortals and, with their help, O'Neil, Jackson, and the remaining members of the team make it back to the Stargate hoping to deactivate the bomb. When the locals begin an open rebellion against Ra's troops, Ra decides to retreat and prepares his ship for takeoff. Sha'uri is killed in the battle, but Jackson resurrects her in Ra's sarcophagus and manages to escape when O'Neil defeats Anubis and activates the ship's ring transporter. Unable to deactivate the bomb, O'Neil and Jackson transport the bomb to Ra's ship in orbit via the rings where it explodes, killing Ra. The team is able to return to Earth through the Stargate, though Jackson decides to remain on the planet. [edit] Director's cut The Director's cut had several scenes which were cut from the theatrical film version. The first such scene took place immediately after the excavation of the Stargate in 1928 and showed petrified Horus guards near the cover stones; the producers had tried to introduce the idea that beings had attempted to come through the Stargate after its burial, but they cut the scene for time concerns.[2] 
 The Crying Game (1992)431) A British soldier kidnapped by IRA terrorists soon befriends one of his captors, who then becomes drawn into the soldier's world. An unlikely kind of friendship develops between Fergus ( Stephen Rea ), an Irish Republican Army volunteer, and Jody ( Forest Whitaker ), a kidnapped British soldier lured into an IRA trap by Jude ( Miranda Richardson ), another IRA member. When the hostage-taking ends up going horribly wrong, Fergus escapes and heads to London, where he seeks out Jody's lover, a hairdresser named Dil ( Jaye Davidson ). Fergus adopts the name "Jimmy" and gets a job as a day laborer. He also starts seeing Dil, who knows nothing about Fergus' IRA background. But there is something about Dil that Fergus doesn't know, either. Eugene Kim <genekim@concentric.net> Jody ( Forest Whitaker ), a British soldier on leave, is abducted by the IRA, and held captive outside of Belfast. He is to be used in a prisoner exchange, but the IRA will kill him if need be. Among his captors are Jude ( Miranda Richardson ) , the sexual bait used to lure him, and Fergus ( Stephen Rea ), an IRA volunteer who will act as one of his main guards. Through their contact, Jody and Fergus become as close as friends as they can be under the circumstances, and despite both knowing, deep in their hearts, that Jody will most-likely not survive this situation barring an unseen intervention. That friendship is fostered because Jody can sense that Fergus basically has a good heart, from which he cannot run regardless of the situation. Jody's imprisonment does not end quite the way that any of Jody, Fergus or Jude had envisioned. Based on what happens, Fergus decides to go into hiding by moving to London and assuming a new name, Jimmy. But his move to London is primarily to meet Jody's girl, Dil, of who Jody spoke with reverence and care. In the process of being Dil's protector in Jody's absence, Fergus falls for Dil, and visa versa. But Fergus will learn of a fundamental aspect of Dil which may change how he feels for her, and how he interacts with her. In addition, Fergus' IRA past may catch up with him, which may further affect how he wants and decides to interact with Dil. Conversely, Dil may change her mind about "Jimmy" if she finds out about "Fergus". Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. British soldier Jody (Forest Whitaker) is lured by Jude while off duty in Ireland an taken captive by Fergus (Stephan Rea), Jude (Miranda Richardson), Maguire (Adrian Dunbar) and others in the IRA. He is held to be exchanged for a IRA prisoner the British are holding. During the three days Jody is held, he and Fergus become friendly as they talk about their lives and Ferguson shows care by removing the canvass sack on his head. Jody tells Fergus about his girlfriend back in London named Dil. Jody says she is his type of woman. Jody tells Fergus he won't shoot him when it's time because it's not in Fergus' nature. He tells him a parable about the scorpion and the frog. The scorpion asks the frog to take him across the river because the scorpion can't swim. The frog says no because you'll sting me. The scorpion says trust me. Half way across, the frog feels a sharp sting and says to the scorpion as they sink, why did you sting me? Now we'll both drown. I couldn't help it, said the scorpion, it's in my nature. Jody has Ferguson take his wallet with Dil's picture and asks him to go to her place of work or local bar and tell her he was thinking of her at the end. Finally, when it becomes time to shoot Jody, Fergus takes him out into the woods, takes off the hood, but can't shoot him. Jody breaks his bonds and runs away from Fergus. Jody runs onto a road and is hit by one and run over by a second British armored carrier. The carrier and assault troops are attacking the house where Jody was being held. Two IRA members are killed in the attack except Fergus, Jude and Macguire. Fergus decides to disappear and go to London and find Dil. He arranges to get to London and begins working as a day laborer. He goes to the place where Dil works as a hair dresser, has his hair cut and then follows her to "The Metro," a corner bar. Col (Jim Broadbent) is the bartender and he begins the discussion between Dil and Fergus, who is now using the name Jimmie. But soon the two of them are talking to one another. Another man comes up to Dil and drags her out and down the street. Fergus follows them as they go to Dil's apartment and he sits outside and watches them embrace in the window shadows in her flat. Fergus goes to the bar a second time and again talks with Dil after she does a number on the stage and her boyfriend come up. The boyfriend grabs Dil and they go outside and down an alley. Fergus follows them and he defends Dil and knocks the other man down and asks Dil what she would like him to do with the boyfriend. They leave him and go back to Dil's flat. Later the boyfriend shows up outside Dil's flat and she throws all his clothes and possessions out the window. Jimmie asks Dil about the man in a number of pictures in her flat. The man is Jody and Dil says he is a soldier and he is different from the others. Jimmie and Dil begin making out and Jimmie begins to run his hand up Dil's skirt, but she stops him and then performs oral sex on him. She says he can't stay over and they arrange a date for the next day. They go for dinner and end up back at Dil's flat and lie down on the bed. Dil goes into the bathroom and changes into a robe. She returns and Jimmie opens the robe to discover that Dil is a transgender woman. Jimmie is repulsed and hits Dil's as he gets up and heads into the bathroom and vomits in the sink. Dil realizes then that Jimmie was unaware she was transgender. Jimmie leaves the flat while Dil pleads with him to stay. After thinking about Dil That night, Jimmie realizes he still cares and writes a letter of apology to Dil and puts it in her mail box. Dil shows up at Jimmie's work site and they talk and reconcile and agree to meet later. Upon his return to his flat, Fergus discovers Jude waiting for him. He thought she had been killed in the attack. She said they were going to kill him for messing up, but they were impressed he had disappeared and was a hidden resource. Fergus asks to be left alone but Jude reminds him there is no quitting the IRA. He is told he will be part of an assassination assignment on a man in London. Fergus realizes he has no choice and Jude makes it clear they are watching Dil, and if Fergus doesn't cooperate she will be harmed. Ferguson goes to warn Dil's and finds Jude at the hair shop getting her hair done by Dil. Jude then follows the pair and they have a confrontation where Dil gets jealous and walks out. Jude and McGuire take Fergus to case the assignment and Dil follows and confronts Fergus. Fergus talks her into cutting her hair and presenting as male as a cover. He takes her to a hotel to hide, but when he leaves the next day to go to work and meet Jude, Dil leaves the hotel. Dil gets a bottle and heads back to her flat drunk. Fergus intercepts her and they go upstairs where Fergus comforts her. They fall asleep and when Dil awakes, she ties Fergus to the bed to prevent him from leaving after she finds a gun in his coat. Dil holds the gun and gets the truth about Jodie and what happened in Ireland. Jude and Maguire are waiting for Fergus to show and when he doesn't, Maguire tries to do the mission himself and is killed. Jude drives off and heads for Dil's flat. Jude bursts into the flat with her gun but Dil gets off the first shots and kills Jude. Fergus tells her to leave right now and he sits down to wait for the police and cleans the fingerprints off the gun and puts his own on the trigger. The closing scene is in the prison where Fergus is doing time for the murder. Dil comes to visit him and has regrown her hair and they discuss how many days are left in his sentence and they can be together. She asks why he took the murder rap for her. He tells her Jodie's story about the scorpion and the frog. He ends by saying, it's in my nature (to do the right thing). 