nm0005262:

 So This Is Romance? (1997)Summaries Mike's alcoholic father tells him there is only one thing that makes life worth living: "the empress". To Mike, however, the empress is love that lasts forever, not sex that lasts for days. The story of a broke but talented composer, Mike, and his search for true love. The question is, how to find it, especially when your insecurities tends to make you jealous even when a girlfriend strokes your cat. Mike's alcoholic writer father who believes all his ills will be cured by finding his runaway wife, tells him there is only one thing that makes life worth living: "the empress"; perfect sex that goes on for days with a woman so beautiful you could cry. To Mike, however, the empress is love that lasts forever, not sex that lasts for days. Anette Rosberg <anette.rosberg@malmo.se> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Purpose (2002)Summaries A software developer becomes a billionaire and is distracted by fame, greed and power, then must save his invention and company from a hostile takeover. Purpo$e is the story of young Internet entrepreneur, John Elias. Purpo$e is a story about business in the new millenium, and a world shifted away from quality to quantity. But even more important than that, it is an emotional story of a character who learns to value relationships, life balance and spiritual purpose, over self-involvement and financial gain. Fundamentally, John learns that love and a sense of purpose are more powerful and more valuable than money. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bullfighter (2000)Summaries A man on the run is surprised to learn that he is a Knights Templar and that his girlfriend is a holy virgin about to give birth to a very special baby on Christmas Day. Jack is a wanderer whose aimless roaming leads him to a number of interesting locations and into the company of many interesting people, and despite his fascination with bullfighting he leads a largely peaceful existence. When a crime boss' daughter is accidentally gored to death, Jack is implicated in the unfortunate event and singled out for termination by a seemingly unending army of lethal hitmen. As Jack wages an uphill battle for survival against the harsh desert terrain and a hail of gun smoke and lead, his will to live depends on his ability to exercise his demons and come to terms with the fact that he may not live to see another sunrise. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Down to You (2000)Summaries A young man wins and loses the first serious love of his life. Al Connelly falls in love with the girl of his dreams. After the summer she breaks up with him. As he tries to recover Al goes to desperate measures. This light-hearted romantic comedy centers tells of love sought, found, lost, and found again, revolving around the lives of two college students in New York City. Sophomore Al Connelly meets the girl of his dreams, freshman Imogen, and true love abounds. The two engage on a whirlwind courtship--they pick a song, eat a cake together, even make love. But Imogen's fear of lost youth causes her to push away from Al, and they go their separate ways. Al attempts to rebound from the relationship, determined to forget Imogen, and he goes to desperate measures to do so. The story is told from the points of view of both Al and Imogen. Allison L. Venezio <YankeeSNL01@aol.com> Imogen and Al meet at college in New York City when she's a frosh and he's a sophomore. She's a talented artist; he wants to be a chef, following in his father's footsteps. They fall in love, she picks a song for them, they make love. But she fears losing her youth, committing too soon, having a child before she's ready. He's worried that this may be an illusion, not true love. She sleeps with someone else; he's hurt; the relationship ruptures. She leaves for San Francisco; he goes into an alcohol-assisted depression. He even drinks her shampoo, hoping to cure his obsession. Can anything help him recover? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 