nm0011015:

 Deadline (20082010)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 TV7 (2002 )Summaries Tv-drama about a non-existent TV station, with a low key, tongue-in-cheek and ironic style by the same people that made "Hertenkamp" (1998). Much glitz 'n glamour and many Dutch tv-stars playing themselves. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Flikken Maastricht (2007 )Summaries The personal and professional lives of two police detectives, and their colleagues in uniform, unfold in the picturesque town of Maastricht, in the south of The Netherlands. Former Amsterdam police detective Floris Wolfs has been transferred to the police department of the south-Dutch country town Maastricht. His metropolitan experience nicely complements the local expertise of his new country colleagues, who know the folks. Slowly he fits in, while solving countless crimes together with his female partner Eva van Dongen. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 May 6th (2004)Summaries A fictional version of the events that led to the assassination of the Dutch politician Pim Fortuyn on May 6, 2002. On May 6, 2002, Pim Fortuyn, a Dutch anti-immigration politician and leader of the opposition, is assassinated. Nearby, photojournalist Jim de Booy is taking pictures of a TV star; he notices odd things and people. Over the next few days, Jim uncovers a conspiracy behind the murder, a plot involving Dutch state security, defense contractors, and shadowy Americans. A key to understanding the plot may be a Turkish woman, Ayse Him, an animal-rights activist recently released from prison. Jim searches for her. State security soon knows of his investigation and that puts him and his 16-year old daughter Marije in danger. How many will die to keep Fortuyn's real killers secret? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 