nm0011052:

 To Live and Die in L.A. (1985)44) A fearless Secret Service agent will stop at nothing to bring down the counterfeiter who killed his partner. Working largely in cases of counterfeiting, LA based Secret Service agent Richie Chance exhibits reckless behavior which according to his longtime and now former partner Jimmy Hart will probably land him in the morgue before he's ready to retire. That need for the thrill manifests itself in his personal life by his love of base jumping. Professionally, it is demonstrated by the fact that he is sextorting a parolee named Ruth Lanier, who feeds him information in return for him not sending her back to prison for some trumped up parole violation. With his new partner John Vukovich, Chance is more determined than ever, based on recent circumstances, to nab known longtime counterfeiter Ric Masters, who is more than willing to use violence against and kill anyone who crosses him. Masters is well aware that the Secret Service is after him. Masters' operation is somewhat outwardly in disarray, with Chance being able to nab his mule, Carl Cody, in the course of moving some of the fake money, and one of his associates, a lawyer named Max Waxman, probably stealing money from him. Partly with information from Ruth, Chance is trying to find and exploit the weaknesses in Masters' operation. To accomplish his goal, Chance takes more and more unethical and illegal measures, which may be problematic for Vukovich, who comes from a family of police officers who are sworn to uphold the law. Huggo Two cops in Los Angeles try to track down the vicious criminal Eric Masters ( Willem Dafoe ). Then, one of them is killed by Masters and the other one swears revenge no matter what the cost. After that, the hunt becomes an ob- session and the law he once swore to uphold becomes meaningless to him. Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de> In Los Angeles, the secret agent Richard Chance ( William Petersen ) loses his partner and friend Jim Hart in an investigation of counterfeit money two days before Jim's retirement. The agent John Vukovich ( John Pankow ) is assigned to work with Chance, who is obsessed with capturing Eric 'Rick' Masters, the criminal responsible for Jim's death. Chance risks both his partner's and his own career trying to arrest Rick. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Goonies (1985)66) A group of young misfits called The Goonies discover an ancient map and set out on an adventure to find a legendary pirate's long-lost treasure. Mikey and his friends have always wanted to go on an adventure. One night they are all in Mikey's attic and Mikey stumbles across an old map. Mikey has always wanted to know if One-eyed Willy ever was a real person and now he might. They set off and later realize that they have to go through the evil Mama Fratelli's restaurant to get to a secret passage to the caves. As they try to get into the caves Mama Fratelli catches Chunk and he is left behind. He then meets Sloth one of Mama Fratelli's sons with a messed up face. He befriends Sloth. Meanwhile Mama Fratelli and her sons are trying to get to the treasure too. Will the kids make it there before Mama Fratelli does? Will Chuck ever get out of her basement? Black Wolf Sadly, to make way for a new golf course, the entire community of the peaceful coastal town of Goon Docks in Oregon faces imminent foreclosure. However, when a band of local childhood friends, who call themselves the "Goonies", stumble upon an old treasure map riddled with hints and clues leading to the fabled loot the notorious pirate, "One-Eyed" Willy, the opportunity to save their homes emerges. Now, as the criminal Fratelli family is hot on their trail, a frenzied race against time begins; one that leads the Goonies to an underground maze of ingeniously dangerous booby traps, all designed by Willy himself to protect his fortune. Can the dauntless Goonies prove their mettle? Above all, is the treasure real? Nick Riganas The criminal Jake escapes from the jail with the support of his brother Francis and his mother Mama Fratelli. Meanwhile a group of boys called The Goonies that will be evicted from their homes in Goon Docks since their parents were not capable to pay the mortgage of their houses meet each other in the house of the brothers Mikey Walsh and Brand to celebrate the last day together. When they go to the attic, Mikey finds the map of the treasure of the pirate One Eyed Willis's and he shows to his friends Data, Chunk and Mouth. They decide to seek out the treasure to save their homes but they find that the location is the hideout of the Fratelli family. Soon they team up with their friends Andy and Stef but they are hunted down by the Fratelli family that wants the treasure for themselves. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A ruthless crime family calling themselves the "Fratellis" have somehow escaped from jail and are now hiding in a town of Astoria, Oregon. Home of a secret kid society known as "The Goonies", their leader is Michael "Mikey" Walsh, and they are enjoying their last weekend together as a system of contractors have bought their neighborhood and are considering on transforming it into a golf course. However Mikey, stumbles upon a mysterious map to a treasure of a famed pirate "One-Eyed" Willie. So, The Goonies embark on an adventure to find the treasure and save their neighborhood. However, they also came across the Fratellis. So, The Goonies have to stay one step head of the Fratellis and find the treasure while avoiding a system of traps. John Wiggins The Goonies are a group of friends living in a village, the groups leader Mikey Walsh, his older brother Brand and gang members Andy, Data, Stef, Mouth, and Chunk are being evicted from their homes which are to be demolished. Setting out to find a way of saving their homes, The Goonies find a treasure map and they set off in search for the treasure of the legendary pirate One-Eyed Willy which is located beneath a abandoned restaurant. Joined by a deformed gentle giant named Sloth, The Goonies embark on a great adventure through a underground maze filled with traps and skeletons, where they are pursued by Sloth's mother, thief Momma Fratelli and his brothers Jake and Francis who are also after One-Eyed Willy's treasure and they willing to get the treasure first. Daniel Williamson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Flowers in the Attic (1987)Summaries Children are hidden away under an attic by their conspiring mother and grandmother. Dreams of an inheritance turn into a nightmare for four innocent children. Locked in the deserted north wing of the family mansion. Beaten by a vicious grandmother. Tormented by a menacing caretaker. Starved and left alone to wither - and perhaps die - like FLOWERS IN THE ATTIC. Their only hope lies in escape. But a horrible truth awaits them in the main house - a truth that will push the children toward a dizzying and violent solution. FLOWERS IN THE ATTIC - living proof that even the prettiest flowers can grow deadly in the attic's darkness. Anonymous After the death of her husband, a mother takes her kids off to live with their grandparents in a huge, decrepit old mansion. However, the kids are kept hidden in a room just below the attic, visited only by the grandmother, and their mother, who becomes less and less concerned about them and their failing health, and more concerned about herself and the inheritance she plans to win back from her dying father, to the point of murder... David Gibson <djg6@ukc.ac.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Once Bitten (1985)431) A vampire Countess needs to drink the blood of a virgin in order to keep her eternal beauty. It seems that all is hopeless, until she bumps into Mark Kendall. The Countess has a problem. She is a 400 year old vampire who will cease to look young unless she is able to feed on a virgin three times before the upcoming Halloween, a week away. She sends Sebastian, her servant and all of her lesser vampires out to find one. Finding a virgin is difficult in 1980s Los Angeles. Mark has a problem. He wants to 'do it' with Robin in the worst way, but she wants to wait. Jamie and Russ, Mark's goofy friends convince him to go to a Hollywood pick up spot where Mark meets the Countess, on the prowl. Robin's not going to understand this. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> In Los Angeles, the virgin college student Mark Kendall is unsuccessfully trying to get into his girlfriend Robin Pierce paints. He decides to go to a bar in Hollywood with his also virgin friends Russ and Jamie to flirt and score. Meanwhile, the 400 year-old vampire Countess and her driver and butler Sebastian are seeking out a virgin lad to keep her beauty and youth appearance. The Countess needs to feed three times on a virgin before the Halloween that is close otherwise she will look older. When the Countess stumbles with Mark in the bar, she brings Mark home and seduces him. Mark changes his behavior and soon he realizes that he is turning into a vampire. Is there any chance to save Mark? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Everyone is getting laid except for Mark [Jim Carrey]. His girlfriend Robin [Karen Kopins] wants to wait so it can be something "beautiful". Mark doesn't want to wait, so he goes off in search of a lay. He meets the Countess [Lauren Hutton] who is looking for a virgin--a virgin's blood, that is. She invites Mark home with her and sucks him once. She follows him to a clothing store and takes her second drink. But drink three doesn't come as easily. Mark's girlfriend is getting wise. When Halloween comes, Mark wins the 'best costume' award for his vampire dress ("But I'm not wearing a costume!"), and the countess comes looking for her final drink. She almost wins except that Mark and his girlfriend sneak a quickie in a coffin. Mark no more virgin. 