nm0000441:

 Battlestar Galactica (19781979)Summaries After the destruction of the Twelve Colonies of Mankind, the last major fighter carrier leads a makeshift fugitive fleet on a desperate search for the legendary planet Earth. The leaders of the Twelve Colonies of Mankind are making plans to sign a peace treaty with their mortal enemies, the Cylon Empire. On the eve of the ceremony, the Cylons betray the pact and destroy most of the Colonies and their entire fleet. Under the command of Commander Adama, the battlestar Galactica leads the remaining Colonial ships into space and seeks out a lost thirteenth colony, which turns out to be Earth. Along the way, the Colonials encounter various races (both friendly and hostile), the legendary human warrior Commander Cain, and the planet Kobol, the motherworld of all the Colonies. All the while, the Cylons - under the command of human traitor Count Baltar - closely pursue this fugitive fleet across the universe. Anonymous In a distant galaxy, twelve planets bearing tribes of the race known as Mankind have been at war with a robotic alien race, the Cylon Empire, for a millennium. In the measurements used by the Twelve Colonies, it is the Yahren 7341, and a peace treaty is to be signed - a treaty that proves to be a ruse for the largest assault in the history of galactic warfare. With their defending warships destroyed and their homeworlds annihilated, the Twelve Tribes gather to their remaining warship, the battlestar Galactica, boarding every assorted star vehicle that will carry them, as their leader, Commander Adama, seeks out the one planet that will protect Mankind from the predation of the Cylons - a planet called Earth. As their journey proceeds, this fugitive fleet is closely pursued the Cylon forces under the command of human traitor Count Baltar. Michael Daly (fanstp43@aol.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Troll (1986)44) A wicked troll king in search of a mystical ring that will transform him to human form invades a San Francisco apartment complex where a powerful witch lives. The Potter family has just moved to a rented apartment in San Francisco. Harry Potter Sr. and his wife Anne are bringing the packages to the apartment and their son Harry Jr. and their little daughter Wendy Anne stay on the sidewalk. Wendy goes to the laundry room, she meets the wicked troll Torok that uses his magic ring to possess Wendy and to use her form to transform the dwellers and their apartment into other trolls and his kingdom. Harry Jr. feels that something is wrong with his sister and seeks out help with the good witch Eunice St. Clair that lives in the building. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil An evil troll, Torok, the transformed state of the ex-husband of an old friendly witch named Eunice St. Clair, has chosen her apartment building to be the heart of the restoration of the world he once knew. To do this he uses an Emerald ring, and takes possession of a little girl named Wendy, whose brother Harry immediately suspects something wrong. Torok, often in the form of the little girl, goes into each occupant's apartment, hideously transforming people (beginning with Peter Dickinson, named after the author/protagonist of _The Flight of Dragons_, which explores similar themes) into plant pods. Scott Hutchins <scottandrewh@home.com> Torok is an ancient troll, and he is using the body of Wendy Anne to disguise himself, in order to take over an apartment building. Wendy's newly moved family is just settling in, and while her parents suspect nothing, her brother Harry notices a change in her behavior instantly. Using an emerald ring, Torok transforms the residents into plant pods and plans to restore his old world in which he once lived in many years ago. We soon discover Torok is the ex-husband of Eunice St. Clair, a resident in the building who was married to Torok long ago before he became his transformed self. Ben It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The NeverEnding Story (1984)761) A troubled boy dives into a wondrous fantasy world through the pages of a mysterious book. Bastian is a young boy who lives a dreary life being tormented by school bullies. On one such occasion he escapes into a book shop where the old proprieter reveals an ancient story-book to him, which he is warned can be dangerous. Shortly after, he "borrows" the book and begins to read it in the school attic where he is drawn into the mythical land of Fantasia, which desperately needs a hero to save it from destruction. Graeme Roy <gsr@cbmamiga.demon.co.uk> The boy Bastian misses his mother, who has died, and is bullied at school by three bullies. One day, he is running away from4 the three boys and hides in a bookstorke, where the owner shows him a book that he has never read called "The Neverending Story". Bastian does not resist and shoplifts T book, leaving a note telling that he will return the book after he reads gfffit. He goes to the school attic and anxiously reads the book that tells the story of the magic kingdom of Fantasia that is doomed to destruction, unless the boy Atreyu can't go save it. But he needs the help of an Earthling boy to avoid that The Nothing destroys his world. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Bastion is a young boy, still recovering from the death of his mother. His school work and extramural activities are suffering and he is being bullied by a bunch of young louts. One day, while trying to escape the bullies he finds shelter in a book shop. He borrows a certain book, The Never ending Story, and reads it in the school attic. He soon finds himself immersed in a fantastical world. grantss An unhappy boy is bullied by older youths and seeks sanctuary in a bookstore. The owner gives him a magic book in which he is able to follow the adventures of a boy who is everything he believe he is not, brave, strong, successful. He begins to understand that he is a part of the story and that the survival of the world about which he has been reading is in part up to him. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Pursued by bullies, dreamy Bastian, 10, flees into a used book store where a strange leather-bound volume attracts him. The owner warns him away from it, explaining that it is dangerous: once entering its world, the reader cannot escape. Bastian borrows the now irresistable book and hides in the school attic. He reads of a beautiful, doomed land named Fantasia, and a brave boy desperately anointed by the princess to stop its mysterious ongoing destruction. Drawn into young Atreyu's quest as with no other book, Bastian discovers astonished that the Fantasians hear Bastian scream and see Bastian in mirrors. Where is Fantasia, and where is he? Can Atreyu save Fantasia, or is the princess really summoning Bastian himself? Paul Emmons <pemmons@wcupa.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Young 10-year-old Bastian Balthazar Bux ( Barret Oliver ) prepares for another day of school one morning. He shares a tense conversation with his father ( Gerald McRaney ) about how he dreamed of his mother (assumed to have passed away due to illness). Bastian's father, who has not gotten over the tragedy himself, merely notes that it seems Bastian has allowed his mind to stray and brings up the fact that he received a letter from Bastian's teacher about how he was drawing horses in his math book. "Unicorns," corrects Bastian under his breath, but his father continues, noting that Bastian did not try out for the swim team. Bastian tries to explain that he wanted horseback riding lessons instead but his father retorts that Bastian is too afraid to even get on one, much less ride it. His father then leaves for work, telling his son that he needs to 'keep his feet on the ground' and pay attention at school more. On the way to school, Bastian comes across some bullies from school ( Chris Eastman , Darryl Cooksey , and Nicholas Gilbert ) who demand that he hand over his money. When Bastian produces none, they throw him into a garbage dumpster. Bastian eventually gets out but doesn't make it very far until he encounters them again. This time, they give chase but Bastian loses them by ducking into an old bookstore. The owner, Mr. Carl Conrad Coreander ( Thomas Hill ) scoffs at Bastian, thinking him to be another child interested only in arcade games and comic books but Bastian names all the real books he has read, including Treasure Island and The Lord of the Rings. His interest roused, Coleander strikes up a conversation and finds out that Bastian is hiding from some bullies. When asked why he doesn't stand up for himself, Bastian only shrugs. Bastian then notices the book Coleander is reading. The man explains that it is a special book, and quite dangerous, apart from the 'safe' books that Bastian is used to reading. He alludes to the fact that, while reading, a person may become immersed in the story to the point where he or she feels like they're living the tale, but there is always the guarantee that they can put the book down and return to reality. He informs Bastian that the book is not for him and sets it down before returning to his duties. Curious, Bastian takes the book, titled 'The Neverending Story', and leaves a note for Coreander, explaining that he will return the book later. Bastian arrives to school late and, when he sees that his class is busy taking a test, he goes up to the school's attic and finds quiet refuge. He settles in and begins to read: In a dark wooded area, two creatures known as Night Hob ( Tilo Prckner ) and Teeny Weeny ( Deep Roy ) have stopped to rest during an apparent journey. Suddenly, the sound of loud crashing is heard and a giant Rock Biter ( Alan Oppenheimer ) arrives on a rock-cycle. He tells the others about something indescribable that is destroying the realm where he comes from in the North. Night Hob and Teeny Weeny explain that they have both seen the effects of this strange 'Nothing' in their parts of Fantasia. The conversation then turns to how each of them has been sent by their people to seek help from the Childlike Empress. All three continue their journey together to the Ivory Tower, home of the Empress of Fantasia. Night Hob makes his way to the main floor of the structure where a man named Cairon ( Moses Gunn ) addresses the crowd who have come for answers as well. Cairon explains that the Empress is ill and that the Nothing, the force behind all the disturbances, may be responsible. However, a great warrior of the Plains People, named Atreyu, has been summoned, believed to hold the key to saving their world. Atreyu ( Noah Hathaway ) then steps forward and, to the surprise of Cairon and the assembly, is revealed to be a young boy. Cairon is unconvinced and claims that they summoned for 'Atreyu the Warrior', not 'Atreyu the Child'. Atreyu boldly answers that he is the only one known by this name and bravely accepts what quest the Empress has set for him. Cairon explains the Empress' request: Atreyu must find a cure for her and save their world from the Nothing. He is given the AURYN, a medallion comprised of two intertwining snakes, that will guide and protect him on his journey. Atreyu sets out across Fantasia on the back of his horse Artax. Unknown to him, a wolf-like creature emerges from its cave in another realm of the kingdom, and sets out after their trail. Atreyu and Artax search through a number of places but find no cure for the Empress. Eventually, they decide to go to the Swamps of Sadness to seek the advice of Morla, the ancient one. As they cross through the swamps, the sadness that lingers in this region takes hold of Artax who stops in his tracks and begins to sink into the bog. Though Atreyu tries to bring his horse back from sadness, Artax is consumed by the swamp, much to the heartbreak of both Atreyu and Bastian. Atreyu continues alone and soon finds a giant mound. As he approaches, the mound suddenly rises up and is revealed to be an enormous turtle, none other than Morla. The description as he reads it causes Bastian to cry out in shock and his shout is heard somehow by both Atreyu and Morla. Having spent so much time alone, Morla has taken to talking to himself and now refers to himself as 'we' instead of 'I'. Morla explains to Atreyu that he does not know how to save the Empress but tells him to seek the Southern Oracle. Atreyu's heart sinks when he hears the Oracle resides 10,000 miles away. As he trudges through the swamps, the sadness creeps up on Atreyu and he slowly begins to sink as the wolf-creature closes in on him. Then, a cloud-burst appears in the sky and a slim figure flies down and plucks Atreyu from the swamps just as he wolf-creature lunges forward. Atreyu later wakens to find himself cleansed and in the company of a white luck-dragon named Falkor ( Alan Oppenheimer ). Falkor explains that Atreyu spoke in his sleep, eventually revealing his name and his quest. Falkor has brought him 9,891 miles along his 10,000 mile journey to the Southern Oracle. Not far away is a small hovel where Atreyu is introduced to Engywook ( Sydney Bromley ) and Urgl ( Patricia Hayes ). Engywook has been studying the Southern Oracle for some time through a telescope and shows Atreyu the path through two gateways which will lead him there. The first gate is comprised of two giant sphinx statues. Atreyu learns that any man who feels his worth is permitted passage, but the sphinxes judge whomever comes before them and destroy any who feels a tinge of doubt. Atreyu watches as a mounted rider attempts to pass, but he is shot down by beams of fire shot from the sphinx's eyes. Atreyu goes forth to test his merit but becomes fearful when he sees the body of the rider. As the sphinx's eyes begin to open, Atreyu dodges forward, just missing the beams. Engywook is ecstatic that Atreyu has made it through but tells the others with warning that he must now pass through the Magic Mirrorgate, a large reflective gateway that shows a person what they truly are inside. Men have fled screaming from the sight of their inner selves. As he journeys from he first gate towards the second, Atreyu passes through a snowy landscape until he finds himself at the Mirrorgate. Looking into it, he is shocked to see a little boy sitting in a room reading a book. As Bastian reads this, he freaks out and throws the book away. After a moment of contemplation, he returns to continue reading. Atreyu is able to pass through the Mirrorgate and finally comes across the Southern Oracle ( Tami Stronach ), an object resembling the sphinxes with wings. A voice echoes from it and reveals what can be done to save the Childlike Empress; she must be given a new name. Atreyu is certain that he can do this but the Oracle informs him that it must be done by a human child and that they can only be found beyond the boundaries of Fantasia. The voice encourages Atreyu to hurry as its facade begins to crumble. Atreyu returns to Falkor and they go off in search of Fantasia's borders. However, they soon encounter the Nothing and Atreyu is knocked off Falkor's back. He awakens on an unknown shoreline and finds that he's lost the AURYN from around his neck. Desolate, he wanders the landscape until he encounters the Rock Biter who laments that his friends (Night Hob and Teeny Weeny) were taken from him by the Nothing. He mourns the fact that he was unable to protect them and now awaits the same fate. Atreyu then wanders into a cavern where he is surprised to see cave paintings that appear to have chronicled his journey so far. As he reaches near the end, he sees an image of a creature with green eyes and sharp fangs. Something stirs nearby and Atreyu leaves the cavern and comes face to face with the wolf-like creature, partially hidden in shadows. It greets Atreyu with hostility and claims that its name is Gmork ( Alan Oppenheimer ) before promising to make Atreyu its last victim. Atreyu promises not to be defeated as he is a warrior but Gmork scoffs when Atreyu admits he's not able to fight the Nothing since he can't find Fantasia's boundaries. Gmork reveals that Fantasia has no boundaries since its existence is shaped by the imagination of humans. Since humans have slowly given up on their imaginations and dreams, the Nothing has been consuming Fantasia. It admits that it is a servant of the Nothing, bent on gaining power and control, and was sent to kill the only person capable of stopping it; Atreyu. Angry, Atreyu reaches for a wooden shank and shouts that if he is to die, he will do so fighting. He then tempts Gmork to fight him, since he is Atreyu and the target of its search. Gmork lunges at him but Atreyu manages to kill it, stabbing it with the wooden shank. After he has done so, the force of 'The Nothing' finally begins to tear the land Atreyu is on apart. Atreyu clings to a tree, crying out for Falkor. Falkor has finally found Atreyu, as well as the AURYN, and saves him. The storm that Atreyu was caught in was the end of Fantasia, with nothing remaining of the land but small fragments floating in a black space. Atreyu sadly admits that he has failed, but wonders if the Ivory Tower might still exist. Using the AURYN, he requests that it lead the two of them to the Ivory Tower if it still stands. The AURYN does so, and the tower can be seen still in one piece, floating on a piece of land in the void. Atreyu ascends to meet the Childlike Empress, who asks why Atreyu is so sad. Atreyu claims he failed, but the empress says that he has brought the human child with him. The empress claims that Atreyu's journey was necessary for the human child to follow along with their adventures. Bastian cannot believe that they are talking about him, but the empress soon reveals revelations regarding the bullies that chased him, as well as the bookstore. Eventually, a large tremor shakes the tower, and Atreyu is injured. The empress pleads to Bastian through the book to say her name, as this will save her and their world. Bastian is torn, as he seems to be giving into a flight of fancy, rather than keeping his feet on the ground as he said he would do for his father. Finally, Bastian calls out the name for the empress ('Moonchild'), and the attic of the school goes black. Suddenly, the empress' voice rings in his ears, and Bastian finds himself face to face with her. In her outstretched hand, she holds a 'grain of sand,' the last remains of Fantasia. She entrusts this to Bastian, and says that through his imagination, Fantasia will live again, as long as he keeps wishing. Bastian then begins to wish, and finds himself on Falkor's back, flying through the landscape of Fantasia, seeing it returned to normal, including reuniting with Artax, alive and well. Falkor then asks Bastian what his next wish is. Bastian thinks, and the whispers into the giant dragon's ears, causing the creature to chuckle loudly. Back in the ordinary world, the bullies are shocked when Falkor and Bastian come flying down from the sky, chasing them down an alley. One of the bullies falls into a clump of garbage, while the others jump into the same dumpster that they had put Bastian in. Falkor swoops upwards, laughing victoriously. A closing narration explains that Bastian made many more wishes and had many more exciting adventures before finally returning to the ordinary world... but that's another story. 
 Battlestar Galactica (1978)321) After the destruction of the Twelve Colonies of Mankind, the last major fighter carrier leads a makeshift fugitive fleet in a desperate search for the legendary planet Earth. After 1,000 years of war, the humans from the Twelve Colonies are near to celebrate an armistice with the evil Cylon Empire. Out of the blue, the Cylons betray the pact and destroy the Colonies and their entire fleet, except the Battlestar Galactica. Commander Adama summons the few survivors from all the Colonies to follow him on a journey to find the mythical planet Earth. However, they are short of water, supplies and fuel and they head to the planet Carillon to replenish the fleet and get the supplies. Adama's son, the warrior Captain Apollo, and his partners Lieutenants Starbuck and Boomer destroy the mines left by the Cylons and they reach the planet. They are welcomed by the inhabitants and find the paradise. Meanwhile, the self-serving human leader Sire Uri wants to destroy their arms and live in the Cylon Empire despite the contempt of Adama. Sire Uri decides to give medals to Apollo, Starbuck and Boomer for their bravery on Carillon and invites the warriors to come to the party. However, Adama believes that it is a trap for the Galactica. What can he do? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film takes place in a distant star system, in a distant future described as "the seventh millennium of time". For over a thousand years, humans from the Twelve Colonies (named Gemini, Caprica, Taurus, etc. as per astrological signs) have been fighting a war with the Cylons, a robotic race determined to exterminate humanity. The Cylons have unexpectedly sued for peace, through the diplomatic agency of a human, Count Baltar (John Colicos). The human leaders, called the Council of the Twelve (with one representative from each colony), and the commanders of their military fleet are all too pleased by the Cylon offer of peace, which ends so many years of warfare. The powerful battlestars are assembled for an armistice conference with humanity's age-old adversary. But it's a deception: the Cylons have no intention of making peace, and Baltar has betrayed humanity for the promise that his colony would be spared from extermination. (A promise that goes unfulfilled) Only Commander Adama (Lorne Greene), of the Battlestar Galactica, suspects that the Cylons are planning a trap, and orders a recon patrol, consisting of two of his best pilots: his eldest son, Captain Apollo (Richard Hatch) and Lieutenant Starbuck (Dirk Benedict). Adama's youngest son, Zac (Rick Springfield), convinces Starbuck to allow him to leave in his place. The patrol discovers a vast Cylon armada hidden behind a moon name Cimtar and ready to attack, but the Cylons jam their transmissions. Cylon raiders pursue the Colonial Vipers, and Zac's fighter is disabled. This forces Apollo to leave him behind, so that the Colonial fleet can be warned. Zac's fighter is destroyed by the Cylons just before he reaches the Colonial fleet. Baltar manipulates President Adar (Lew Ayres) into forbidding the launch of their fighters as the Cylons launch their pre-planned attack on the fleet. Frustrated, Adama orders the Galactica's Viper squadrons be placed on full alert, with their fighters ready to launch. As the Cylons attack, the Galactica is able to launch her fighters first, while the other battlestars are caught off-guard. With President Adar aboard, the Atlantia is destroyed, as are obviously the other battlestars; the Galactica alone survives the Cylon assault. Apollo informs Adama that the Cylons were accompanied by refueling tankers, and Adama realizes that this would allow the raiders to operate far from their basestars, which must be operating somewhere else. He orders the Galactica to withdraw and protect the planet Caprica (Adama's homeworld), but they are too late, as the Cylon armada has launched simultaneous massive assaults on the Colonies at the very same time the attack on the battlestars has commenced. With the Colonies destroyed, Adama collects as many survivors as possible, and orders every intact civilian ship to take whatever survivors they can carry and follow the Galactica. A ragtag fleet is soon formed, and they head away under the protection of the Galactica to seek their fortune among the stars on the legendary thirteenth human colony. It is called Earth, but the location of this lost colony is known only to the last lord of Kobal, the planet which was the original home of mankind, but which was abandoned thousands of years earlier, when the Thirteen Tribes migrated to the stars. After initially escaping the Cylons across a massive starfield called the Nova of Madigon (referred to as such due to its extremely dangerous, hot environment, and Cylon minefield), the Galactica and the fugitive fleet find brief respite on the resort planet Carillon, where they hope to find food and fuel for their journey. As much of the fleet's food supplies were contaminated by pluton bombs during the Cylon attack, the fleet is in desperate straits, and must find a food source or face starvation. Determined that no human in any way shall survive, the Cylon Imperious Leader orders Baltar's execution after his services are done, but he is spared at the last minute in order to help the Cylons hunt down the human fleet. Meanwhile on Carillon, the local inhabitants (an insectoid race) agree to provide the fuel, and even offer to allow the humans to rest and recreate at a fancy casino/resort they maintain. This quickly becomes obvious that there is more to Carillon that meets the eye. The fact that Carillon has more than enough food and fuel for the fleet's needs makes Adama cautious. This is also obviously the largest tylium (fighter fuel) mining facility in that part of the galaxy, as well as a popular gambling resort, but nobody has ever heard of the place. Adama discovers that Baltar was responsible for performing the initial Carillon survey, reported that tylium was too minimal for mining, and he immediately smells a Cylon trap. But in the meantime, Sire-Uri (Ray Millland), Adama's self-serving nemesis on the new Council of the Twelve, uses the opportunity the planet presents for the morale of the fugitives to make his move against Adama, whose strict but selflessly benign intentions hinder his own ambitions. Guided by Uri to believe that the Cylons have been far abandoned, the Council of the Twelve propose that the humans pause to celebrate their escape and dismantle their military and weapons to prove to the Cylons that humans are no longer a threat to them. The Council arranges a banquet, and orders all fighter pilots to attend. Adams suspect that this might be a golden opportunity for the Cylons to launch an attack on their fleet, and orders Colonel Tigh (Terry Carter) to secretly hold back their fighter pilots from attending the party while he is to outfit noncombat personnel with fighter uniforms. Down on Carillon, Apollo and Starbuck gradually discover that something is amiss when they see strangers walking around clad in the uniforms of their squadron, and after some investigation they discover the truth behind the planet's prosperity. The natives of Carillon, the insectoid Ovions, have arranged the gambling resort to lure humans to them to serve a living food for their hatching larvae in their underground chambers. They are also secretly in league with the Cylons and mine the tylium solely for their purposes in exchange for their freedom, and they are cooperating the Cylon's attempts to eradicate the human fugitives. During a subsequent fight with Cylon centurions, the laser fire from both parties sets the tylium mines on fire, threatening to destroy the planet once the fire rages deadly out of control. Adama's clever ruse works, and believing that all fighter pilots are at the banquet, the Cylons launch a raider attack against the Galactica in orbit, but Adama is ready to spring his trap. Once the Cylon raider contingent is fully engaged with the Galactica, Adama recalls all his fighters from the surface of Carillon, taking the enemy by surprise. During the fight, Apollo realizes the Cylon raiders couldn't have come so far without a basestar, and he and Starbuck disengage from the battle and find a Cylon basestar hidden on the far side of Carillon. In defiance of Commander Adama's recall order, they decide to attempt to destroy her, in order to enable the fugitive fleet to elude pursuit, and use fake radio chatter to deceive the basestar into thinking she's under attack by multiple fighter squadrons. The basestar descends into Carillon's atmosphere to avoid detection, and is destroyed when the planet finally erupts into a massive tylium explosion. However, despite their victory, the humans realize their enemies will still be pursuing them, as they leave for Earth, their last hope for survival. 