nm0001065:

 Hope Floats (1998)44) Birdee Calvert must choose between her morals and her heart after her husband divorces her and a charming young man, who her daughter disapproves of, comes back into her life. Birdee Calvert-Pruitt is back in her hometown of Smithville, Texas, after discovering that her husband is having an affair with her best friend, Connie. The entire town knows what happened to flawless beauty Birdee since Connie let her know about the affair on a national talk show. Back in town, she's dealing with catty old friends and acquaintances from high school who can't help rubbing it in her face that she isn't as perfect as she thought while still trying to get back on her feet with her daughter, Bernice. Deeply depressed, she runs into an old friend, Justin Matisse, who tries to help her through, but is still in love with her. Birdee must make a new life for her and her daughter, but will Justin be able to be part of it? Sereniti <elena@japanupdate.com> Humiliated on national television when her best friend and her husband admit they are in love and having an affair, Birdee Pruitt moves back to her mother's home in Texas. Returning home, however, is not easy. Her young daughter misses her father and she finds that having been the most popular girl in high school - cheerleader, married the high school quarterback - left a bitter feeling among many of her contemporaries. There is one man, however, who still has feelings for her after all of these years, but can Birdee put her recent past behind her and start a new life? garykmcd Ambushed by her best friend Connie Phillips on the sensationalistic "Toni" national daytime talk show, Chicago-based housewife Birdee Pruitt, a former prom queen, not only finds out that her husband Bill Pruitt, her high school sweetheart, and Connie have been having an affair, but that they want to get married. As such, Birdee, with her and Bill's adolescent daughter Bernice Pruitt in tow, decides to head back to their hometown of Smithville, Texas to live temporarily with her mother, Ramona Calvert, basically to hide-out until she figures out what to do. Beyond the issues of Bill's infidelity and Connie's deceit, Birdee eking out a life in Smithville is difficult for many reasons. Birdee doesn't have any marketable job skills to support herself and Bernice. Many of Birdee and Bill's high school colleagues have their own views of Birdee then and now, which taint how they treat her. Birdee has her own views of how she sees her life, it, now without Bill, not what she had envisioned for herself. So Birdee is living out a somewhat self-fulfilling prophesy of the failure that she sees her life. Although Birdee holds onto her martial vows for as long as she and Bill are still married, Bernice holds onto the notion of their family even stronger, she largely blaming Birdee for their current problems as she asserts that Birdee didn't love Bill enough for him to want to stay married. As such, Bernice openly wishes for her father to come take her away. Bernice's negative view of life in Smithville is exacerbated by being bullied by a classmate known as Big Dolores. Through it all, Ramona hopes that Birdee will get together with Justin Matisse, who, with Birdee, were each other's first kiss when they were adolescents. Justin has always been attracted to Birdee and thus wants at least to get to know a now grown up Birdee. Birdee has to decide how much she is willing to give of herself now to anyone who isn't Bill, whether it be Justin or someone else. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Iron Giant (1999)651) A young boy befriends a giant robot from outer space that a paranoid government agent wants to destroy. This is the story of a nine-year-old boy named Hogarth Hughes who makes friends with an innocent alien giant robot that came from outer space. Meanwhile, a paranoid U.S. Government agent named Kent Mansley arrives in town, determined to destroy the giant at all costs. It's up to Hogarth to protect him by keeping him at Dean McCoppin's place in the junkyard. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> An enormous robot has come from deepest space, crash-landed on Earth, and followed eleven-year-old Hogarth Hughes home. Now, young Hogarth has one big friend and an even bigger problem: How do you keep a secret that's 50 feet tall? Especially when a paranoid government agent is on the "alien invader's" trail, bringing with him the full might of the U.S. military to destroy the giant. Nostalgia Boy Sent from another civilisation somewhere in the black voids of outer space, a massive metal automaton crash-lands on Earth, just outside the unsuspecting town of late-1950s Rockwell, Maine. But, before long, America's luckiest kid, the eleven-year-old boy, Hogarth Hughes, strikes up an acquaintance with the kind robot, unbeknownst to him, however, that the U.S. government agent, Kent Mansley, has set his sights on finding the mysterious extraterrestrial visitor. Now, Hogarth is on a mission to protect both his new best friend and his birthplace, as the obsessed operative is bent on stopping the sentient android at all costs. Can fear and prejudice cost the Iron Giant his life? Nick Riganas It came from Outer Space. A mysterious metal man comes plummeting from the sky: where did this colossus come from, who is he and why did he crash land on Earth? The Iron Giant can't remember who he is, but with the help of a boy named Hogarth Hughes he may rediscover and remember who he was. With the US Government in pursuit of The Giant, will he survive? Johnny Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1957, a large alien robot crashes from orbit near the coast of Rockwell, Maine with no memory. Shortly after, the Iron Giant wanders off into the mainland. Nine-year-old Hogarth Hughes follows a trail of the forest's destruction and frees the robot, who is stuck in the power cables of an electrical substation. After being rescued by and befriended by Hogarth, the Giant follows him back to his house, where he lives with his widowed mother Annie. Upon their return, the Giant attempts to eat the rails off the ties of the nearby railroad tracks. Alarmed by the sound of an oncoming train, Hogarth tells the giant to repair the tracks. The Giant attempts this, but takes too long, causing the train to collide with his head. Hogarth hides the damaged robot in their barn where he discovers the robot is self repairing. Later that night, Hogarth returns to the barn with a stack of comic books to read to the Giant. The Giant is impressed with Superman, but distressed when he discovers a comic about an evil robot; Hogarth tells the Giant that he can be "who you choose to be". Investigating the destroyed substation, U.S. government agent Kent Mansley discovers evidence of the Giant and decides to continue his inquiries in nearby Rockwell. Finding a BB gun Hogarth left near the substation the night he found the Giant, Mansley takes up a room for rent at Hogarth's home and trails the boy to learn more. He is paranoid about an alien invasion and alerts the U.S. Army to the possible presence of the Giant. Worried that they will get caught, Hogarth evades Mansley and takes the Giant to beatnik artist Dean McCoppin, who passes off the robot as one of his works of scrap-metal art when Mansley and Lieutenant General Guy Rogard investigate. Once Mansley and Rogard are gone, Hogarth plays with the Giant using a toy gun, but inadvertently causes the Giant to activate a defence mechanism. Dean saves Hogarth and angrily commands the Giant to leave, but Hogarth, believing the Giant never meant to harm him, gives chase. Dean sees the toy gun and realizes that the Giant was reacting defensively against the gun. He catches up with Hogarth on his motorbike and they chase after the Giant before he can reach the town. In Rockwell, the Giant saves two boys, instantly getting on the good side of the bewildered citizen witnesses, and leading to the Giant telling Hogarth that he chooses not to be a gun. Unfortunately, the Giant is seen by the military and attacked. The Giant flees with Hogarth until he is shot down by a missile fired from an F-86. After crash-landing, the Giant thinks that the unconscious Hogarth is dead; enraged, it activates a massive arsenal of energy weapons and attacks the Army, who are no match for the Giant's advanced firepower. Mansley lies to Rogard that the robot killed Hogarth, before telling him to lure the Giant out to sea so they can destroy it with a nuclear ballistic missile from the USS Nautilus. Hogarth wakes up and pacifies the Giant, easing him to deactivate his weapons. He then shows himself to Rogard and his men. Rogard, after listening to Dean's explanation of the Giant and realizing that Mansley lied to him, is about to tell the Nautilus to stand down, but Mansley snatches the walkie-talkie and orders the Nautilus to launch the missile. Realizing the deadly mistake, Rogard lambastes Mansley and informs him that the missile will vapourize not only the Giant, but everyone in Rockwell as well. Mansley tries to escape Rockwell to save himself, but the Giant stops him and he is arrested by the Army. When Hogarth tells the Giant about Rockwell's fate, the Giant flies off to intercept the missile. With a smile of satisfaction, comparing himself to Superman, the Giant collides with the missile, causing a massive explosion high up in the atmosphere. The people of the town recognize the Giant as a hero, but everyone, especially Hogarth, is deeply saddened by the Giant's sacrifice. Some time later, Annie and Dean start a relationship and Dean builds a statue honoring the Giant. Hogarth receives a package from General Rogard, containing the only piece of the Giant they found, a small jaw bolt. That night, Hogarth awakens to a familiar beeping coming from the bolt, which is trying to get out his window. He realizes the Giant is still alive and repairing himself somewhere, and he opens the window to let the bolt out. On the Langjkull glacier in Iceland, various parts of the robot approach the snowdrift where the head rests, eyes glowing, as the Iron Giant wakes up and smiles. 
 Copycat (1995)44) An agoraphobic psychologist and a female detective must work together to take down a serial killer who copies serial killers from the past. In San Francisco, the criminal psychologist Helen Hudson is specialized in serial-killers. During a trial, the accused Daryll Lee Cullum kills a police officer and tries to kill her and she becomes agoraphobic. Now Helen lives a reclusive life with her gay friend Andy that helps her. Sometime later, there is a wave of crimes and Detectives M.J. Monahan and Reuben Goetz are investigating the murder cases. Helen identifies that the murderer is copycatting notorious serial-killers and she anonymously contacts the Police Department. After fourteen phone calls, she is identified by the police. Detectives M.J. and Reuben visit her and Helen teams up with them and prepares the profile of the killer that wants to be famous. But soon the copycat killer Peter Foley contacts and stalks Helen and M.J. and Reuben give protection to her. Will they be capable to stop Foley before the next murder? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Criminal profiler and psychologist Dr Helen Hudson becomes entangled in the deadly mind game of a vicious copycat serial killer Peter Foley. Due to the horrific attack Helen suffered in her past as an agoraphobic she is confined to her apartment. The killer uses this against her in his murderous attempts to become a famous serial killer. Detectives M. J Monahan and Reuben Goetz they have the challenge of trying to capture the killer before he kills again and uses his chance to commit another atrocious murder. Clare Brace <yanknanny99@hotmail.com> Helen Hudson is a psychiatrist who specializes in serial killers. She suffers from agoraphobia and her only link to the outside world is her computer. A serial killer who copies the methods of famous serial killers (hence the title) threatens her on-line. Holly Hunter plays a cop who is on the trail of the killer. Together they try to identify him and, hopefully, dispatch him. Miljen Matijasevic <sammatij@filozof.ffzg.hr> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 P.S. I Love You (2007)321) A young widow discovers that her late husband has left her 10 messages intended to help ease her pain and start a new life. Holly Kennedy is beautiful, smart and married to the love of her life - a passionate, funny, and impetuous Irishman named Gerry. So when Gerry's life is taken by an illness, it takes the life out of Holly. The only one who can help her is the person who is no longer there. Nobody knows Holly better than Gerry. So it's a good thing he planned ahead. Before he died, Gerry wrote Holly a series of letters that will guide her, not only through her grief, but in rediscovering herself. The first message arrives on Holly's 30th birthday in the form of a cake, and to her utter shock, a tape recording from Gerry, who proceeds to tell her to get out and "celebrate herself". In the weeks and months that follow, more letters from Gerry are delivered in surprising ways, each sending her on a new adventure and each signing off in the same way; P.S. I Love You. Holly's mother and best friends begin to worry that Gerry's letters are keeping Holly tied to the past, but in fact, each letter is pushing her further into a new future. With Gerry's words as her guide, Holly embarks on a journey of rediscovery in a story about marriage, friendship and how a love so strong can turn the finality of death into a new beginning for life. Orange Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On a country road in Ireland over ten years ago, it was love at first sight for Holly, a lost young tourist (Academy Award winner, Hilary Swank), and Gerry, a charming local lad (Gerard Butler). Hollys formidable mother, (Kathy Bates), disapproved of the couple, concerned that her spirited daughter was too young for marriage. In the years since, the once fearless Holly has become unsure of her own identity. When Gerry dies with a brain tumor and leaves Holly a widow just shy of her thirtieth birthday, her family and best friends (Lisa Kudrow, Gina Gershon) are concerned that she will never emerge from her takeout container-strewn Manhattan apartment. After weeks holed up watching old movies, a birthday cake and tape recording message from Gerry mysteriously arrives, marking the beginning of a series of letters instructing her to perform unusual requests. With the help of her girlfriends, Holly begins a year of wild adventures and a life journey that Gerry has planned for her, helping her to discover who she is without him and reminding her - p.s. I Love You. P.S. I Love You is based on the best-selling novel by Cecelia Ahern. 