nm0001086:

 The Anniversary Party (2001)Summaries Love is complex and relationships deteriorate. Celebrity couple Joe and Sally Therrian are going through yet another rough stage in their six-year marriage: while Joe's novels have been climbing higher and higher on the best-seller lists, Sally's film career has been steadily sinking into oblivion. Joe's been given the rights to cast and direct the screenplay of his latest book, but rather than resurrect Sally's career by casting her in the lead role, he's given it to Sally's rival, Skye Davidson. Even worse, he's invited Skye to their anniversary bash. Will the marriage, or anything else for that matter, survive the party? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> While celebrating their reconciliation and six years of marriage, the American actress Sally Nash and the British novelist Joe Therrian receive their close friends, some colleagues and their next door neighbors in a party. Under the effect of Ecstasy, revelations are disclosed and relationships deteriorate among the group. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 X2: X-Men United (2003)761) When anti-mutant Colonel William Stryker kidnaps Professor X and attacks his school, the X-Men must ally with their archenemy Magneto to stop him. Several months have passed since the X-Men defeated Magneto and imprisoned him in a seemingly impregnable plastic chamber. One day, a mutant by the name of Nightcrawler infiltrates the White House and attempts to assassinate the President, setting off a chain reaction of anti-mutant measures by the government. Meanwhile, Logan is trying to discover his past. As scientist named William Stryker discovers Professor X's secret school and Cerebro, Magneto's partner, Mystique, is planning to break her leader out of prison. But when Professor X's school is attacked by Stryker's forces, Logan, Rogue, Iceman, and a few are lucky to escape. Those who remain meet in Boston, where they form an uneasy alliance with Magneto to stop Stryker and rescue Professor X. John Wiggins After the events on Liberty Island, everyone at Xavier's School for Gifted Youngsters is settling in. Magneto is locked up in a plastic cell, Rogue and Bobby Drake have finally gotten together, and Wolverine has set off to find his origins. But it won't stay quiet for long. After a mutant attack on the President, everyone starts to fear any type of mutant. William Stryker, who plans to stop all mutants, takes over the school, causing Wolverine and his team of mutants to go into hiding. Stryker has managed to capture Xavier and will use him to create another version of Cerebro. Wolverine and the team must now team up with their enemy, Magneto, to stop Stryker before it's too late. Film_Fan After Magneto's bitter defeat in X-Men (2000) , the indoctrinated teleporter, Nightcrawler, wreaks havoc in the heavily guarded Oval Office, triggering an all-out military assault at Professor Xavier's school for mutants. Bent on annihilating all meta-humans, the religious fanatic and scientist, Colonel William Stryker, abducts the leader of the X-Men, in high hopes of using his brain in conjunction with the powerful mutant-detecting device, the Cerebro, to seek and destroy every superhuman. Now, as Professor X's life is in danger, the remaining X-Men have no other choice but to join forces with their imprisoned arch-enemy, Magneto, to have a fighting chance to survive. Can the united X-Men defeat Stryker? Nick Riganas Already living in a society that mistrusts them, the mutants are faced with even more discrimination after an unforeseen enemy, who may be a mutant with extraordinary powers, launches a devastating attack. The news of the assault causes a public outcry against the mutants, including renewed support for the Mutant Registration Act, and Colonel William Stryker, a military leader rumored to have experimented on mutants (possibly including Wolverine), is amongst the most vocal supporters of the legislation. Stryker puts into motion a plan to eradicate the mutants and begins an offensive on the X-Men mansion and school. Magneto, having escaped from his plastic prison, forms an unlikely alliance with Professor Xavier to stop Stryker. Meanwhile, Wolverine heads north to investigate his past. Uber Minion Having returned from the north after finding nothing, Wolverine/Logan watches over the school students for a night as Charles Xavier visits Magneto in his plastic confinement prison, and Storm and Jean Grey search for a teleporter mutant known as Nightcrawler who attempted to assassinate the President. Things become deadly as William Stryker, a scientist who has experimented on mutants, leads a siege on Xavier's mansion, few mutants escape. With the school no longer safe, Magneto out of prison, and forming a temporary alliance with the X-Men, and Professor Xavier in the hands of Stryker, the mutants team up to stop Stryker's plans to wipe the mutants off the face of the Earth. commanderblue Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Professor Charles Xavier ( Patrick Stewart ) narrates that Genetic material in cells mutates. Mutation is common and usually is harmless unless it causes an illness. Another type of mutation provided powers to those called "Mutants". Can humans and mutants "share" the world? He points out that humanity has a record of not sharing the world. A mutant, Nightcrawler ( Alan Cumming ) is fighting his way through the White House. He successfully knocks out the White House's Secret Service detail, and avoids their bullets by using his teleportation ability. He reaches the President and raises a knife to kill him. A fallen guard manages to shoot Nightcrawler in the arm, so he escapes away. He stabbed a knife into the desk with a note attached reading "MUTANT FREEDOM NOW". The incident stirs up anti-mutant feelings around the country. People demand that Mutants must "register" and support the Mutant Registration Act. Mutants will no longer be treated equally. Meanwhile, Wolverine ( Hugh Jackman ) visits snowy Alkali Lake, hoping to learn about his origin, but finds nothing there except abandoned and decayed buildings near a dam. The students from Xavier's School for Gifted Youngsters are visiting a museum. Jean Grey ( Famke Janssen ) expresses fear of not controlling her powers to Cyclops ( James Marsden ). In the meantime, students Rogue ( Anna Paquin ), her boyfriend Bobby "Iceman" Drake ( Shawn Ashmore ) and troubled John "Pyro" Allerdyce ( Aaron Stanford ) get into a disagreement with some bullies in the museum; one bully seizes John's Zippo lighter. When he goes to light a cigarette, John causes the flame to flare up. Bobby puts the fire out with his ability to produce freezing air. Professor Xavier ( Patrick Stewart ) has to halt the conflict by freezing everyone in time, except the mutants and tells John to stop showing off. A retired military scientist, Colonel William Stryker ( Brian Cox ) who recognizes the danger that some mutants pose, and wants to kill ALL mutants, visits the president, mentioning how close the mutant came to stabbing the President. He gets approval for an attack on the school, which he has discovered by interrogating the imprisoned Magneto ( Ian McKellen ). Mystique, in the guise of the late Senator Kelly ( Bruce Davison ) tries to object, but fails. Later, Stryker visits Magneto in his plastic prison cell to question him again, using a chemical placed on the back of his neck.Stryker demands to know everything Magneto knows about Cerebro. Wolverine returns to the school to get more answers about his past. Professor Xavier shows him the powerful Cerebro system which can connect him to everyone on the planet, mutants and humans alike. Wolverine wants the Professor to read his mind again for more information about his past, but Xavier explains that he can't tell Wolverine everything, that he will have to find out some things for himself. Mystique ( Rebecca Romijn ) disguises herself and breaks into Stryker's computers to learn more about his plans. Jean Grey and Storm ( Halle Berry ) find the fast-moving mutant assassin, Nightcrawler. It becomes evident that he was coerced; he has a scar similar to the one on the back of Magneto's neck, indicating that he'd been influenced by Stryker himself. Cyclops and Professor Xavier go to visit Magneto in the peculiar plastic prison cell they have created to nullify Magneto's powers. Magneto explains that Stryker has been questioning him, and points out that his son Jason Stryker ( Michael Reid MacKay ) was once a student at the school. To Professor Xavier's horror, Magneto confesses that he has told Stryker everything. At that moment, gas is pumped into the prison chamber and both men pass out. Outside, Cyclops fights the prison guards but is defeated by Stryker's powerful assistant, Deathstrike ( Kelly Hu ). A handful of people are awake before the treacherous raid on the School for Gifted Youngsters. Wolverine and many of the students use their abilities to defend themselves. Some of the mutants escape, but several children are captured and taken away. Stryker turns up in person, finding Wolverine and suggesting that he and Wolverine had worked together in the past. To Wolverine's frustration, Bobby erects an thick wall of ice to allow their escape. The professor and his henchmen break into Cerebro to strip it for parts. Wolverine, Rogue, Bobby and Pyro escape in a car and head to Boston to meet Storm and Jean Grey. Bobby is from Boston, so the group stops at his house until they can contact Storm and Jean Grey. Mystique meets Magneto's guard, Laurio, ( Ty Olsson ) in a bar disguised as a beautiful blonde woman and drugs him, then gives him an injection of a silver-colored fluid. Professor Xavier awakes with Stryker and his assistant Deathstrike. Stryker explains that the metal brace on Xavier's head prevents him from using his psychic power. They argue about mutants and Stryker's son, a powerful mutant illusionist who did not stay at Xavier's school. At one point Deathstrike seems to look around her in a daze, and Stryker gives her another dose of the chemical he uses to control her on the back of her neck. Xavier realizes that Stryker caused the assassination attempt in order to manipulate the president. Stryker admits his chemical would not be strong enough to work on the Professor, so he brings in his mutant son Jason to influence Professor Xavier's mind. Laurio brings Magneto his breakfast. Magneto notices "something different" about him - it seems Mystique put iron into his blood, which Magneto pulls out with his powers and kill Laurio. He forms the iron taken from the guard into small ball bearings which he uses to demolish his plastic prison and escape. Bobby's family is surprised to learn that he's a mutant, so they ask him if he can stop being one. Bobby's disgruntled younger brother calls the police. When the police arrive, they order Logan to drop his blades; when he retracts them, he is shot in the head, the bullet stopped by his Adamantium skull. Pyro fights the police off with blasts of fire and seems intent on killing several officers when Rogue pacifies him by grabbing his ankle and extinguishing the flames with a blast of cold air she'd absorbed from Bobby. Storm, Jean and Nightcrawler pick them up and they head for the school. Chased by F-16 fighter planes, Storm creates giant tornadoes, however one of the fighters shoots two missiles at the X-Jet. Jean is able to disable one missile but he other explodes very close to their jet. They take damage and Rogue is sucked out to be saved moments later by Nightcrawler. The plane is about to crash when Magneto repairs the hole in their ship and stops them just above the ground. Magneto explains that Stryker invaded the school just to get to Cerebro. With it, he can make Professor Xavier focus on any group of people, such as mutants, and kill them. Magneto also reveals that Stryker is one of the only people who can manipulate Adamantium, the metal on Wolverine's bones. Mystique has the plans for Stryker's base, but they need Jean to read Nightcrawler's mind to get the location: Alkali Lake. Wolverine didn't find it because it's underground. Mystique torments Wolverine by entering his tent disguised as Jean Grey. When they fly to the base the next day, Magneto taunts Rogue about the white streaks in her hair. He then complements Pyro's abilities. A soldier asks Stryker why they are keeping the mutant children. He explains that he wants to be sure mutants are really dying when Cerebro operates. Wolverine volunteers to enter the lab first, since Stryker will want him alive. Magneto disagrees. When Wolverine appears at the door, Stryker instructs the soldiers to admit him, but as soon as he sees him in person he knows it's not Wolverine. He quickly changes into Mystique, who pacifies several guards and manages to get into the laboratory's heavily fortified control room. Professor Xavier is in an elaborate illusion created by Jason, who accompanies him in the guise of a little girl ( Keely Purvis ). The two enter the Cerebro room, although in reality it's a grungy dome that Stryker has fabricated. The rescue group splits up to find the children and the professor. Stryker goes to the dome and orders Jason to make the Professor kill all mutants he finds through Cerebro. A manipulated Cyclops tries to stop Jean Grey, Magneto and Mystique, using the full power of his optic blast. Jean stays to get through to him while the others go on. The two duel among the dam's large machines, breaking the structural integrity of the dam and starting some leaks. Cyclops finally remembers himself and takes Jean with him, saying that he could see he was attacking her but couldn't stop himself due to the drug Stryker had used on him. Wolverine has gone on his own to search the laboratory for its secrets. He finds the room where the adamantium was applied to his bones, sees x-rays on the walls, finds the liquid metal, sees flashbacks of the torture as they ducked him under water again and again, remembers escaping. Stryker finds him there. When Wolverine goes to attack Stryker, Deathstrike attacks him in a duel to the death. She stabs him repeatedly with her own adamantium claws. Wolverine also discovers that she has the same regenerative ability he does and the two battle to a near stalemate. Deathstrike seems to gain an advantage when he stabs her with an adamantium nozzle and fills her body with it. It quickly hardens and she dies. Wolverine seem to express great remorse for having to kill her. Pyro leaves the plane, tired of waiting with Rogue and Bobby. Magneto gets to the Cerebro room and dons his helmet just as the attack on mutants begins - the others fall to the floor screaming, their minds full of pain from the signal. He stops the attack, then re-configures the dome as metal panels fly around to different places. Mystique enters in the guise of Stryker, and tells Jason to have Xavier kill all of the humans instead of the mutants. Stryker leaves the complex, but Wolverine finds him by the helicopter. Wolverine demands answers, but Stryker only tells him that he'd volunteered for the procedure and that the two of them worked together. He says Wolverine is a failed experiment, that he was an animal before and an animal now. Wolverine chains him to the helicopter and goes back for the others. The rescue group has reached the Cerebro chamber. Nightcrawler brings Storm and himself inside. In order to get Jason to stop the illusion, Storm makes it cold in the room. Jason finally gives in, revealing Professor Xavier. As the ceiling panels start to collapse, Nightcrawler rescues Storm and then the Professor. The group runs away and finally finds the way outside. In the meantime, Magneto and Mystique have found Stryker and commandeered his helicopter. Pyro has voluntarily joined them. However, Rogue flies the X-Jet over to the helicopter pad. As everyone struggles aboard, Wolverine notices Stryker chained to the dam - clearly the work of Magneto. Stryker demands to be let go, pleading with Wolverine and suggesting Wolverine will forever be an outcast like his friends. Wolverine decides to take his chances with his fellow mutants. As he walks away with a child named Artie, the boy sticks his black, forked tongue out at Stryker. The team discovers the plane is not fully functional and can't lift off, but the dam is bursting. Jean Grey leaves the plane, and prevents everyone from getting her back aboard. She holds off the flood waters while lifting the plane. She saves the group, and then is overwhelmed. The whole team is devastated at losing Jean, especially Wolverine and Scott. At the White House, the President's televised speech is interrupted ... everyone in the room freezes except the President ... and the mutants. Professor Xavier presents him with information taken from Stryker's lab. The mutant message is simple: "We're here to stay." 
 Son of the Mask (2005)44) Tim Avery, an aspiring cartoonist, finds himself in a predicament when his dog stumbles upon the mask of Loki. Then after conceiving an infant son "born of the mask", he discovers just how looney child raising can be. Tim Avery is a cartoonist who loves his dog Odis. Then one day Odis finds a strange green mask. Then Tim puts it on and has a baby with his wife with the mask on. The baby then gets ahold of powers of the mask. Meanwhile Loki (Alan Cumming) must find the mask before Odin gets mad A cartoonist named Tim Avery loves his dog, Otis, more than anything in the world. But when Tim and his wife have a baby, Otis starts to feel left out. But then Otis finds an enchanted mask and plots to be rid of the baby once and for all, but is unsuccessful. Meanwhile, up in Valhalla, Odin is infuriated at Loki for losing the mask and orders him to go get it... Josh f. Aspiring cartoonist Tim Avery is feeling inadequate about being a father when he finds that his newborn son has some amazing abilities - the baby has the powers of the Mask of Loki, a mythological object that transforms its user into a manic shape-shifter alter-ego. As bad as a baby with godlike powers might seem, the 'really' bad news is that Loki wants his mask back... austin4577@aol.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 GoldenEye (1995)651) Years after a friend and fellow 00 agent is killed on a joint mission, a secret space based weapons program known as "GoldenEye" is stolen. James Bond sets out to stop a Russian crime syndicate from using the weapon. When a deadly satellite weapon system falls into the wrong hands, only Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan) can save the world from certain disaster. Armed with his licence to kill, Bond races to Russia in search of the stolen access codes for "GoldenEye", an awesome space weapon that can fire a devastating electromagnetic pulse toward Earth. But 007 is up against an enemy who anticipates his every move: a mastermind motivated by years of simmering hatred. Bond also squares off against Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen), an assassin who uses pleasure as her ultimate weapon. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> When a powerful satellite system goes missing, James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) is the only one who can stop those behind it. Sent to recover the weapon dubbed "GoldenEye", Bond must investigate the identity of the Janus Syndicate, who have stolen the weapon from a Russian research facility after an accident. Along the way, Bond must go up against a sexy yet deadly assassin and renegade Russian General Ourumov (Gottfried John), who happens to work directly for Janus. But what James finds is that he is up against an enemy who happens to be an old friend, and knows his every move. Blazer346 1986 - Soviet Russia has been arming international terrorists with chemical weapon technology, and a chemical weapons plant in the mountains is the target of James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) and his closest compatriot, Alec Trevelyan (Sean Bean). Infiltrating the compound, they are spotted and Alec is captured. When ruthless Soviet General Ourumov (Gottfried John) executes Trevelyan, James pulls off a spectacular escape and succeeds in blowing up the compound. Now in 1995, he is assigned to tail former Red Air Force jet jockey Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen), who is working for a Russian crime syndicate known as "Janus", but he is unable to stop her from stealing a powerful helicopter, a theft initially dismissed as a possibility by MI6's new leader, "M" (Dame Judi Dench), a woman who is a bureaucratic bean counter who, despite her acidic responses to grumbling from her ticked-off men, is having to learn her job as she goes, and who has to trust James Bond's instincts after a nuclear accident occurs over a Russian region housing the tracking station for a weapons satellite known as "GoldenEye". James must track down the stolen gunship and all leads to a second GoldenEye system, and along the way, he is horrified to find the true identity of the Janus syndicate, which leads to a spectacular running pursuit from the stolen gunship, through a Soviet Army prison, to a wild street chase involving a tank and confrontation with a Soviet missile train, and eventually a showdown in the jungles of Cuba. Michael Daly Nine years after infiltrating a chemical weapons facility in Russia, where friend and fellow MI6 Agent Alec Trevelyan 006 (Sean Bean) was killed by corrupt Russian military officer General Ourumov (Gottfried John). Seductive British Secret Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan) is assigned by his new boss, a female "M" (Dame Judi Dench) to recover "GoldenEye", the access key to a top secret space weapon orbiting the Earth which fires a electromagnetic pulse which shuts down all electronic equipment. The "GoldenEye" has been stolen from the Severnya space research station by General Ourumov and the lethal and deadly Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen) and slaughtered everyone at Servernya. Helped by Russian computer programmer Natalya Simonova (Izabella Scorupco), who was the sole survivor of the Servernya massacre, and witnessed Ourumov and Xenia steal the "GoldenEye". Bond learns Ourumov and Xenia are working for Alec Trevelyan, now a renegade MI6 agent, and 006 plans on using GoldenEye to wipe out London. 007 and Natalya set out to Cuba where Bond faces Trevelyan in a thrilling showdown as 007 sets out to save London from destruction. Daniel Williamson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens in 1986, in the Cold War Soviet Union. British secret agent James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) and his fellow 00 agent, Alec Trevelyan (Sean Bean), have infiltrated a secret Soviet chemical weapons production facility with the intention of destroying it. After finding their target, a large room filled with chemical canisters, James begins to plant explosive charges while Alec holds off the facility's guards. Alec is captured by the ruthless General Arkady Grigorovich Ourumov (Gottfried John), who orders Bond to surrender. Bond resets the charge timers from six minutes to three and walks out to surrender just as Ourumov seemingly executes Trevelyan with a bullet to the head. Bond takes cover behind a cart of chemical canisters and moves toward a conveyor belt that leads outside. A soldier with an itchy trigger finger is shot dead by Ourumov when he shoots at Bond. Bond is able to escape on the conveyor belt and shoots out the locks holding hundreds of other canisters which temporarily bury Ourumov's men. Outside the facility, Bond, using a motorcycle, leaps after a plane that falls off a nearby cliff. He successfully regains control of the plane and flies off as the weapons plant explodes. Nine years later Bond is driving in the mountains near Monaco with a female psychiatrist from MI6 who is assigned to evaluate his mental state. He races down a mountain road, just as another woman, Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen), pulls up alongside him in a red Ferrari. A somewhat dangerous driving game ensues between Bond and Xenia, which ends when Bond's psychiatrist demands that he halt the game. Bond does and seduces her. Bonds current assignment is to observe possible subversive Russian involvement from the Janus crime syndicate in the demonstration of a French hi-tech helicopter called the Eurocopter Tiger, which is unaffected by electromagnetic pulses from nuclear weapons. He is ordered to follow the same woman he raced with earlier, Xenia Onatopp, a Russian helicopter pilot. Xenia has been the mistress of a Canadian Air Force admiral. That night, while on the guy's private yacht, she kills the admiral in the middle of having sex with him, by crushing his chest between her thighs while an accomplice steals the admiral's ID. The next morning, Bond searches the yacht and finds the body. He rushes to the site of the Tiger demonstration. As he arrives, Xenia and her accomplice kill the test pilots and steal their uniforms and helmets, then climb into the Tiger. Bond is arrested and watches helplessly as Xenia flies away. In the wastes of Siberia, at Severnaya, a Russian satellite communications outpost, General Ourumov and Onatopp arrive in the Tiger helicopter, ostensibly for a surprise inspection of the a new satellite weapons system called "Goldeneye." Ourumov orders the commanding officer to hand over the activation keys and control disk for Goldeneye and promptly has Onatopp kill everyone working at the facility to leave no witnesses (while she's using her AKS-74U, she shows signs of sexual excitement). Onatopp and Ourumov then activate one of the two Goldeneye satellites, one which contains a powerful nuclear warhead capable of delivering an electromagnetic pulse (EMP) over Severnaya. Unknown, however, to Onatopp and Ourumov, one of the technicians, Natalya Simonova (Izabella Scorupco), was out of the room getting coffee when the others were murdered and is hiding in the kitchen cupboard. Natalya manages to avoid being detected when Xenia enters the kitchen searching for her. Ourumov and Onatopp escape in the Eurocopter, it being unaffected by the EMP. Three Russian MiGs dispatched to the scene are destroyed; two crash into each other when the electronic components within them are disrupted by the EMP. The last loses power and crashes directly into the base of the satellite dish of the facility, causing the antenna stalk to plunge into the ground. Natalya survives the destruction of the command center and is able to climb out of the underground portion on the antenna stalk, where she finds a dog sled to take her back to civilization. At MI:6 headquarters, in a high-tech observation room, Bond talks with Tanner, a specialist, who tells him they found the missing Eurocopter at Severnaya by satellite imagery. They also witness the total disruption of images in the region resulting from the EMP. Bond spots a survivor crawling away, Natalya, and reports to his superior, M. Following a brief and tense conversation where she senses Bond doesn't trust her judgment and she tells him he is a "sexist, misogynist dinosaur" and a "relic of the Cold War", she orders him to fly to St. Petersburg to investigate the connections between the Goldeneye weapons system, Ourumov and a mysterious Russian crime syndicate known only as Janus. She also warns him to complete his mission and not be guided by his desire for revenge on Ourumov for Trevelyan's death. Bond drops by Q's lab and is given a wristwatch with a laser, a belt loaded with a cable that can support his weight and an exploding ballpoint pen. Ourumov meets with Russia's Defense Minister, Dmitri Mishkin, and declares that he is resigning his post in light of the disaster at Severnaya, which he "blames" on separatist nationals. Mishkin is displeased and questions why Ourumov has jumped to such a conclusion given that there was not only one survivor in the disaster, but two. Besides Natalya, another survivor, Boris Grishenko (Alan Cumming), a brilliant computer programmer and hacker, had actually escaped with Ourumov and Xenia and was listed as missing, however, they had not counted on Natalya's surviving the blast. Boris summons her to a chapel via email and she goes there, promptly being captured by Boris and Onatopp. Bond arrives in St. Petersburg and meets his CIA contact, Jack Wade (Joe Don Baker). Wade agrees to take Bond to the hideout of a Russian gangster, Valentin Zukovsky (Robbie Coltrane), whom Bond had shot in the leg and given a permanent limp years before (Bond had also stolen Zukovsky's woman.) Zukovsky is the only connection Bond has to meeting the leader of Janus. Zukovsky is still quite bitter about his wounded leg, nearly shooting Bond but agrees to aid Bond when the agent offers him a bribe of money and explosives. Zukovsky also gives Bond a bit of history about Janus' leader; the man is allegedly the child of Lienz Cossack parents whose tribe had collaborated with the Nazis during World War II and were given refuge by the English government. However, they were betrayed by England and remanded back to USSR where they were all executed under orders from Stalin. At his hotel's pool and steam room, Bond meets Xenia herself, his lead to Janus. The two fight, with the combat being sexually exciting to Xenia. Bond refuses to be seduced or injured and, pointing his gun at her, orders her to take him to Janus. They arrive at a graveyard of sorts, full of statues of Soviet-era Russian leaders. Bond knocks Xenia unconscious and walks out into the graveyard to meet Janus. He hears several odd noises, putting him on edge, prompting him to draw his pistol. Much to his shock, "Janus" is Alec Trevelyan, alive and well, although the right side of his face is scarred from the explosives at the weapons facility nine years prior. Alec explains his origin to Bond; his parents escaped Stalin's execution of their people and fled to England, where Alec was born. After chiding Bond about his loyalty to the mission, England and not to his friend during the Soviet mission years before, Alec has Bond knocked out with a tranquilizer dart to the neck. Bond wakes up in the pilot's seat of the Eurocopter, which has been programmed to fire its rockets at itself. In the backseat is Natalya. Bond is able to hit the emergency eject button with his head and the two are propelled away from the blast. Bond frees them both and they are almost immediately arrested by Russian police and both are taken to a holding center. While waiting to be questioned, Bond tells Natalya that he knows who she is, recognizing that her watch is permanently stopped, a sign of the EMP that destroyed Severnaya. She tells him she knows little else besides Ourumov's theft of the Goldeneye control disk and that Boris is working with the general. Minister Mishkin walks in the room and threatens Bond with execution for espionage; Bond counters with accusations of treason by Ourumov. Natalya admonishes them both and answers Mishkin's question as to why Ourumov would steal Goldeneye. Natalya tells him that there is a second satellite with a nuclear weapon. Ourumov suddenly bursts into the room and protests that Mishkin is interfering with his own investigation. Ourumov seizes Bonds Walther PPK and kills a guard and Mishkin, intending to frame Bond. Bond is able to subdue Ourumov and a few guards and he and Simonova escape into the archives. Bond escapes after Natalya is captured by Ourumov. Bond steals a Russian tank and chases after them, running the tank through a few streets of St Petersburg, destroying nearly everything in his path. Bond finally tracks them to a train yard where Ourumov and Natalya board a large, black train that serves as Trevelyan's mobile HQ. Further down the tracks, Bond is able to derail the train with the tank and confronts Trevelyan, holding he and Onatopp at gunpoint. Trevelyan summons Ourumov into the room with Natalya whom he holds hostage. Causing a minor distraction by telling Ourumov of Trevelyan's Cossack heritage, he is able to shoot Ourumov but Trevelyan and Xenia escape. Trevelyan locks the train remotely, trapping Bond and Natalya inside, and tells Bond that he's planted explosives on the train with timers set for the same six minutes Bond gave him years before (in actuality, three minutes). Using the laser in his wristwatch, Bond cuts through the floor while Natalya, on a computer console, finds Boris Grishenko's location in Cuba. The two escape the train before it explodes. The two travel to Cuba and meet Jack Wade, who gives Bond a plane. Bond and Natalya spend a romantic night together, Natalya remarking on how cold Bond's nature is. Bond counters saying that he must kill his old friend to stop him. The two fly over the approximate location where Natalya had traced Boris, a seemingly idyllic lake. A missile fired from under the water cripples their plane and they crash in the jungle. At the crash site, Onatopp rappels down from a chopper and attacks Bond. Bond is able to shoot the chopper down, her rappelling cord pulling her into a tree and crushing her ribcage. Bond and Natalya discover that the lake really hides a giant satellite dish embedded in the earth. Alec and Boris have activated the second satellite's nuclear bomb and have programmed it to explode over London; Alec's plan is one of revenge against England's betrayal of his Cossack heritage; the EMP will destroy every computer system causing nationwide chaos. The blast will also erase all financial records, but not before Alec has had Boris break into the Bank of London and loot billions of pounds. Bond and Natalya make their way inside; Bond places explosive charges near fuel pipes and Natalya finds a computer terminal to block Boris' programming of the Goldeneye satellite.A brief gunfight ensues and the fuel pipes are punctured, causing the flammable fluid to begin pooling nearby Alec's and Boris' command terminal. Bond is captured, as is Natalya, and both are brought to Trevelyan, who quickly and easily disarms the bombs Bond planted. Boris discovers that Natalya has changed his access codes for the satellite and Trevelyan threatens to kill Bond if Natalya doesn't undo her work. Having picked up Bond's grenade pen, Boris begins playing with it, pressing the button and activating the charge. Bond knocks the grenade into the pool of leaking fuel where it explodes, causing a fire which threatens the entire facility. Alec orders Boris to regain control of the satellite. Trevelyan races off to find Bond and chases him to the satellite dish's large antenna while Natalya takes control of a helicopter and its pilot. On the antenna, Bond and Alec battle hand-to-hand. During the fight, Bond is able to block the gearing mechanism controlling positioning of the antenna, which prevents Boris from regaining control of the nuke in orbit. It subsequently burns up and the facility explodes. Boris appears to survive and declares himself invincible when a shower of liquid nitrogen freezes him instantly, killing him. Still fighting hand-to-hand, Bond and Alec find themselves at the bottom stalk of the antenna, hundreds of feet above the dish. The fight ends with Bond throwing Alec over the side, holding onto his former friend's boot. Alec asks if Bond intends to drop him "For England, James?" Bond replies "No. For me." and lets go. Alec plummets to the bottom of the dish and is still alive. Bond leaps to safety from the disintegrating antenna onto the helicopter Natalya has commandeered and flies off just as the antenna collapses, landing directly on Alec. The pilot leaves them in a nearby field where they are met by Jack Wade and a small unit of U.S. Marines. 