nm0010621:

 Danger 5 (20112015)Summaries It's Christmas in the 1980s, Adolf Hitler is alive and has two Yuletide wishes: Danger 5 dead and the world under his Christmas tree. Set in a bizarre, 1960's inspired version of World War II, action comedy series Danger 5 follows a team of five spies on a mission to kill Adolf Hitler. Danger 5 is the finest group of special operatives the Allies have to offer; Jackson from the USA, Tucker from Australia, Ilsa from Russia, Claire from Britain and Pierre from Europe. In each episode Danger 5 unravels another of Hitler's diabolical schemes as they travel across a myriad of exotic locations. The action and offbeat humour is relentless as Danger 5 mounts a series of thrilling missions which include discovering Josef Mengele's perverted Antarctic death circus, busting down Erwin Rommel's golden murder casino and posing as exotic dancers in an attempt to take out Hitler at his own birthday party. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Babadook (2014)651) A single mother and her child fall into a deep well of paranoia when an eerie children's book titled "Mister Babadook" manifests in their home. Amelia, who lost her husband in a car crash on the way to give birth to Samuel, their only child, struggles to cope with her fate as a single mom. Samuel's constant fear of monsters and violent reaction to overcome the fear doesn't help her cause either, which makes her friends become distant. When things can not get any worse, they read a strange book in their house about the 'Babadook' monster that hides in the dark areas of their house. Even Amelia seems to feel the effect of Babadook and desperately tries in vain to destroy the book. The nightmarish experiences the two encounter form the rest of the story. PipingHotViews The widow Amelia lost her husband in a car accident while driving her to the hospital to give birth to their son Samuel. She has quited writing books for children and presently works at a nursing home to raise Samuel alone. However the boy is problematic and outcast by his friends and even by his aunt Claire and his cousin Ruby. Amelia usually reads books for Samuel before sleeping and one night he gives the mysterious book Mister Babadook that he has found in his room. Amelia and Samuel are disturbed by the book that tells the story of a supernatural entity that torments people and Samuel tells that Babadook is haunting him during the night. Amelia rips up the book and throws it in the garbage, but soon they are haunted by Babadook. Amelia uses pills and Samuel and she are able to sleep during the night. When the book Mister Babadook appears mended in her front door, weird events happen in the house. Does Mr. Babadook really exist? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Amelia, a widow, who lost her husband in a car crash while on his way to the hospital to help give birth to thier only son, Samuel. She now has to deal with bring a single mother and her sons constant fear of monsters. She soon discovers a childrens book titled "The Babadook", not knowing how it got there, soon discovers that this childrens book character may be a sinister presence lurking around her home. Joss Oran A children's book writer and single mother is struggling with her troubled son who seemingly innocently believes that monsters lurk in their home. One night, he insists that she read him a book titled "the Babadook" which depicts a sinister presence invading a home. Soon, she begins seeing strange things even including the Babadook, the monster. She attempts to get rid of the book, even trying to burn it, but it keeps coming back, along with the hallucinations. Soon, she is taken over by this entity, but will she ever come back? ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Amelia lives with her only son Samuel, who's still afraid of monsters under the bed or in the closet. She proves to him repeatedly there's nothing to be afraid of, but he keeps on making a big deal out of his fear. This adds to hers own stress from the loss of her husband, who had died on the way to the hospital when Amelia was in labor because they got in an accident. One day Amelia tells Sam he can choose a book to read as a bedtime story and he chooses a book called 'Mister Babadook' which scared Sam so much he ended up crying/screaming into Amelia's lap as she read a different book to try and calm him. Amelia later looks at the pages. It says the Babadook will come to a kid in a disguise, demanding him to let it in, then asks the same to the kids mother, and then it'll get rid of it's disguise and haunt them, but the last pages are empty. Amelia then hides the book from Sam, but as the days go on, Sam gets more terrified about The Babadook, so Amelia tears the Babadooks images from the book and tosses them all in the garbage. Afterwards, Samuel starts to blame The Babadook for his mischiefs. Amelia feels he's only making it up until she starts to feel weird things. One day the front door is knocked on and there's nobody there when Amelia opens it. The knocking continues and when Amelia opens the door again, she finds the book with the torn pages glued back into it. Also the empty pages are filled with images of the Babadook shadowing the mother, and her killing her son. Amelia then burns the book but she gets more paranoid and stressed as weirder things happen to the point that it makes Amelia afraid to sleep. She then stays up for two nights in a row. But as Samuel asks for her motherly care, Amelia has episodes of sudden anger outbursts with her voice changing at times. The second night, she catches Sam calling their old Parkinsonian neighbor Mrs. Roach. Amelia dismisses her, but continues her rage by killing their dog and then chasing after Samuel. She catches up to him but he knocks her out by throwing something hard at her. Amelia wakes up tied with Sam refusing to leave her. Her episodes make her choke Sam as he gets near to hug her, but her inner self wins as Sam strokes her cheek. Amelia then vomits something black and Sam says that she's free, but then Sam tells her she can't make the Babadook go away, and Sam is dragged away by an invisible force. She confronts the force, arguing that it's trespassing her house. The Babadook manifests itself as a shadow but runs away to the basement when Amelia doesn't run from it. Things seem to go back to normal afterwards and as Amelia and Sam prepare Sam's seventh birthday party-which was never celebrated due to the fact that it is the same day as the death of Sam's father. Amelia collects worms and maggots then brings them to feed something in the basement. 
 Cargo (I) (2017)211) After an epidemic spreads all over Australia, a father searches for someone willing to protect his daughter. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a world overtaken by a virus that turns people into zombies within 48 hours, husband and wife, Andy and Kay, and their one year old daughter, Rosie, are living safely on a houseboat in rural Australia. While relocating for the night, Andy spots two children playing on the shore of the river. He shouts out to them, but continues the cruise after the father, noticing Andy, flashes a revolver in his belt. Later that day, Andy is using a net to fish supplies out of the water. Kay mentions their food rations are starting to run out, but Andy debates her plans to go on land. The scene changes to one of a young Aboriginal girl attaching leaves to her shoes. It goes back to Andy after a minute, who has spotted an abandoned sailboat, proceeding to investigate it. He retrieves food, and presents it to a skeptical Kay. After reassuring her the sailboat he ransacked was safe, Kay decides to return by herself to try and collect more supplies. Andy had previously left when he heard thuds coming from a door in the wall, but Kay, unaware of this, is presumably attacked by a zombie that emerges from the door. Andy awakens to Rosie crying, and goes in search of Kay. She is in the bathroom of the houseboat, trying to restrain the bloodflow from a bite on her knee. She is next seen investigating a pack that was previously acquired by Andy from the river. In it is contained a bracelet that measures the amount of time left for an infected, which Kay puts on, and an injection that neutralizes the brain, so an infected feels no pain whilst transitioning. Andy and Kay discuss their plans, confirming her vulnerability. The family decides to abandon the houseboat and venture to a hospital. They pass by the burning remnants of a body. Thoomi, the Aboriginal girl, is drawing in a sketchbook. She leaves behind the picture of a man with his head in the ground, then leaves her shelter with a rabbit carcass, which she throws into a pit. Gargling is heard and she covers her ears. Andy and Kay have found a vehicle. While Andy fills the gas tank, Kay notices a yellow slime on the seat back. They narrowly evade a zombie trudging towards them. As they drive away, one is seen struggling to lift its head from the ground. They stop on a deserted stretch of road so Andy can look at a map, and Kay change Rosie's diaper. She collapses offscreen, convulsing and throwing up blood while Andy holds her steady. Thoomi is seen once more throwing a snake carcass into the pit, but no sounds are heard. She climbs down to check, and then exits hastily. Kay comes to her senses and checks her wound in the car to see it is oozing yellow slime. In a fit she exits the car and has a shouting match with Andy, angered he has been trying to keep her developments from her. He subdues her and convinces her to continue with him. Andy breaks the door handle to keep Kay from trying to escape again. On the road, Andy is distracted by a lone man and consequentially crashes the car into a tree, impaling Kay. Andy faints from shock, leaving Rosie strapped in her seat. He comes to hours later and tries to wake Kay, but realizes she has already converted, as evidenced by pus around her eyes and mouth. He is bitten by her while trying to exit the car. Following this, Andy approaches the car, Rosie sitting a distance away safely, and uses one of the injections on Kay. He takes her bracelet and places it on himself instead, then begins travelling on foot with Rosie on his back. She cries for a great part of the journey, until he uses Kay's perfume to calm her. While resting, he spots the man that had caused their crash, but realizing he is a zombie, prepares to defend himself. Thoomi appears to dissuade Andy from hurting the man, her father, and cuts her hand with a rock to draw blood and lead him away. Andy arrives at the town he intended to reach, entering a school and meeting Etta, a retired teacher. She helps him clean his wounds, and informs him that all the Aboriginal people have left the land, including many of her former students. Andy steps outside and sees fires in the distance, started by the Aboriginals. A woman is seen calling for Thoomi. That night, in a hospital room, Andy has his first seizure. He awakens the next morning, going outside to meet Etta, who tells him to seek a man named Willie, Thoomi's father, to take care of Rosie. She explains the purpose of the fires, started by Aboriginal hunting parties that are cleansing the land by killing zombies they encounter. Etta warns Andy to stay out of their range. On his journey Andy stops at some ruins to give Rosie water. He passes several zombies with their heads in the ground, hastily leaving the area, but one rises and proceeds to follow him. He finds a truck and attempts to hijack it, but is stopped by a man named Vic, who saves Andy from the zombie that had been after him, of which Andy was unaware. Vic is trapped under a tank and gives Andy the keys, making him promise to rescue him first, and then they can escape approaching zombies together. Vic takes Andy to his shelter, an outpost formerly part of a gas plant. He meets Vic's wife, Lorraine, who is quietly surprised to see other "people who are still people". Vic encourages Andy to leave Rosie with Lorraine so the two men can go to work. Work is shooting groups of zombies and collecting their valuables, as Vic believes when the country returns to normal people will want riches again. Vic attracts the zombies by imprisoning live, healthy humans inside cages as bait. Andy is perturbed to see Thoomi trapped. At the shelter, Lorraine is taking care of Rosie. As the power goes out, Rosie becomes uncomfortable. Lorraine attempts to cheer her up, but discovers slime on her stomach. Vic visits another cage with Andy. He uses entrails, a radio, and blood to lure zombies, all factors which make Andy question himself for a moment. The men return to the shelter, where Lorraine briefly mentions cleaning up Rosie. Andy plays with his daughter before setting her down in a makeshift crib, his hand starting to spasm. He leaves the shelter with an injection, but cannot bring himself to use it. Lorraine comes upon him, confessing she is not Vic's wife, and that Vic let her husband die along with other gas plant workers to save himself. Vic approaches them and knocks Andy out with the butt of his rifle out of suspicion, the latter awakening chained in the same cage as Thoomi. They agree to help each other escape by using the combined force of many zombies to open their cage, returning successfully to the shelter, rescuing Lorraine, Rosie, and the keys to both cages and chains. They don't get very far before Vic emerges from the shelter and shoots at them. Lorraine sacrifices herself for them to escape. Thoomi leads Andy to the cage he visited earlier, but the man inside is gone. They evade Vic tracking them down, and spend the night in a small gulch. After releasing each other of their chain, they are presumed to fall asleep, until later in the night Thoomi wakes up to heavy breathing and hides with Rosie while Andy rubs his face against blood on the wall. The following morning Andy and Thoomi have a conversation about her father's health, which results in Thoomi running off after Andy asserts her father will not get better. The same woman who has been seen calling for Thoomi leaves Willie's jacket on a tree limb. Thoomi arrives to see her father has been straddled atop the tree, dead. Andy arrives to comfort her, but leaves promptly when he cannot console Thoomi. He has another breakdown and begins to try and burrow his head into the ground. Thoomi remains at the tree grieving, but is able to hear Rosie's cry and goes to retrieve her. Andy is confronted by Thoomi after he rouses, who has decided to help him reach the river. They travel by motorboat to the campsite where Andy last saw the family, inspecting the RV in which the family was staying. Andy leaves with Rosie to go find the family, while Thoomi stays in the RV. He meets the father, who has been bitten, and once again shows him his revolver. The father says it contains six bullets, and that Andy can have the remaining two once he uses them on himself and his family. Andy retreats as three gunshots are heard in the distance. The fourth is delayed while the father follows Andy, using it on himself and collapsing behind him. Andy collects the gun as intended and debates whether to shoot himself as well. Thoomi rushes to them, having removed her leaves and claiming she is ready to go home. They set off together towards the sight of smoke on a nearby hill. As they pass through a train tunnel, they encounter Vic. Thoomi hides with Rosie inside a parked vehicle on the tracks, while Andy tries to distract Vic. The two men fight, and Andy shoots the bullets, but misses both times. Andy, briefly defeated, is unable to help Thoomi, who Vic pulls from the car, in the process hitting her head on the rails. She lies in pain, Vic grabbing hold of Rosie. Andy rises to check on Thoomi, who is still alive, and then Rosie, who Vic is cradling, lamenting the incidental death of Lorraine. He tearfully hands over Rosie so that Andy can renew his walk with a hurt Thoomi. On the way Andy has another lapse, almost indulging in decayed meat. With little time left, Andy asks of Thoomi to promise to look after Rosie, with whom Andy shares a farewell before preparing himself for the finalization by placing a guard in his mouth, binding his wrists, and wrapping the meat from earlier on a stick. He then succumbs, his eyes crusted over. The Aboriginal warriors have finished their raid, but Thoomi calls out to them with a whistle, drawing attention of the woman, her mother. Thoomi and Rosie are riding Andy, who is guided by the meat on the stick, and being perfectly harmless is detained by the warriors while Thoomi and Rosie are welcomed back by her mother. One of the warriors attempts to strike Andy with his spear, but Thoomi stops him. She takes out Kay's perfume bottle, and sprays it one last time, the smell pacifying Andy, for a moment returning his consciousness as he realizes Rosie is finally safe. Thoomi then allows the warrior to put Andy out of his misery. The Aboriginal people are seen traveling to a refuge of many of their people where they are welcomed heartily. As Thoomi and her mother inspect Rosie, the words Thank You are read on her stomach, written in white paint which Thoomi and the warriors have used to disguise their scent from the zombies. The final shots of the movie are of Andy's plaid shirt and Rosie's fishing bait mobile hung on a tree. 
 The Nightingale (I) (2018)431) Set in 1825, Clare, a young Irish convict woman, chases a British officer through the rugged Tasmanian wilderness, bent on revenge for a terrible act of violence he committed against her family. On the way she enlists the services of an Aboriginal tracker named Billy, who is also marked by trauma from his own violence-filled past. THE NIGHTINGALE is a meditation on the horrors of Australian colonization, set at the turn of the 19th century. The film follows Clare, a 21-year-old native Irish wife and mother held captive beyond her 7-year sentence, desperate to be free of her obsessed master, British lieutenant Hawkins. Clare's husband Aidan intervenes with devastating consequences for all. When British authorities fail to deliver justice, Clare pursues Hawkins, who leaves his post suddenly to secure a captaincy up north. Unfamiliar with the Tasmanian wilderness she enlists the help of an orphaned Aboriginal tracker Billy. Marked by their traumas, the two fight to overcome their distrust and prejudices against the backdrop of Australia's infamous 'Black War'. Mae Moreno Stripped of her humanity and repeatedly violated without recourse, a young Irish convict is left for dead by a depraved British lieutenant and his degenerate colonialist cronies. With nothing left to lose, she enlists the services of an orphaned Aboriginal tracker to navigate the Tasmanian wilderness and exact revenge. Mae Moreno Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1825, on the eve of the "Black War", Irish convict Clare Carroll works as a servant for Colonial force detachment commanded by Lieutenant Hawkins. The unit is visited by an officer to see if Hawkins is fit for promotion. Clare, nicknamed "Nightingale", sings and serves drinks for the men. After work, Clare visits Hawkins to make an inquiry, and he forces her to sing a special song for him. Hawkins makes unwanted advances on her and Clare rebuffs them. She asks about the letter of recommendation that would free her, her husband, and their infant daughter. Hawkins rapes her. Aidan suspects that Clare has been hurt but remains calm when he confronts Hawkins about the letter; however, he fails to sway him. That night, Aidan engages in a brawl with Hawkins, his second-in-command Sergeant Ruse, and Ensign Jago. The visiting officer witnesses the incident and decides that he is unfit for promotion. Hawkins commands Ruse and Jago to gather supplies for an journey through The bush to the town of Launceston, Tasmania, in hopes of negotiating with the officer. Before departing, the soldiers intercept the Carroll family, attempting to flee. Hawkins, Ruse, and Jago gang-rape Clare. Hawkins kills Aidan, and Jago kills their baby then knocks Clare unconscious at Hawkins' command. The following morning, Clare reports the incident to a RMP official, but realizes that he's of no help, so decides to seek revenge herself, with the help of an Aboriginal tracker named Billy. Clare presents the mission to Billy as her desire to rendezvous with her husband on his journey. At first, Clare is domineering toward Billy, but their mutual hostility dissipates and they gradually bond as they learn about each other's tragic upbringings, with both gaining an increased appreciation for each other's culture. Billy tells Clare that his actual name is Mangana, Palawa kani for "blackbird", and that he wishes to go north to reunite with the still-living female members of his people. Meanwhile, the officers recruit three convicts and an Aboriginal, Charlie for their journey. Hawkins takes a liking to one of the convicts, a child named Eddie, and Ruse kidnaps a woman named Lowanna to be used as a sex slave. Aboriginal men kill one of the convicts and injure Jago in an unsuccessful rescue mission. Hawkins holds Lowanna hostage, then kills her distracting the men. He, Ruse, and the convicts flee, leaving Jago behind. Later, Clare and Mangana stumble upon Jago, whom Mangana assumes is her husband. Clare corners Jago, stabbing and beating him to death. Mangana considers abandoning Clare, but after he learns the true story behind her desire to get revenge, he decides to stay. Charlie, as revenge for the soldiers' inhumanity, diverts the journey to a dead end on the summit of a mountain. Ruse kills him, but Hawkins chastises Ruse and forces him to be their guide on the way back down. After Clare and Mangana find Charlie's body, Mangana performs burial rites and informs Clare that now he too, seeks vengeance. The two approach the group of four men, but Clare freezes when she sees Hawkins, allowing him to graze her with a musket shot, forcing Clare and Mangana to split up. Mangana is found and forced to be the new guide. He brings the soldiers back to the main path to Launceston, and Hawkins orders Eddie to kill Mangana, but Eddie hesitates, allowing Mangana to escape. Hawkins tries to abandon Eddie, but when Eddie begs for a second chance, Hawkins shoots and kills him. Clare also finds her way back onto the main path and reunites with Mangana. They encounter a chain gang of Aboriginal men, one of whom informs Mangana that he is now the last of his people. When the prisoner yells at his captors about their callousness, they shoot him and the others dead. In Launceston, Clare confronts a newly promoted Hawkins about his crimes in the presence of his fellow officers while Mangana watches in hiding. The two then flee town, but Mangana dons war paint, and makes back for the town despite Clare's pleas that he'll be murdered. She follows as Mangana enters the hostel where Hawkins and Ruse are lodged, and proceeds to kill them both, but not before Ruse shoots and deeply wounds him. Clare and Mangana flee and arrive at a beach where Mangana dances and declares himself a free man, while Clare sings a panegyric Gaelic folk song as the two watch the sun rise. 