nm0001530:

 Stealing Home (1988)Summaries Ex baseball player Billy comes home to receive his childhood darling's ashes (suicide). He reminisces. Billy Wyatt is a washed-up baseball player who is called back home to handle the ashes of his childhood sweetheart/first love who had committed suicide. As he searches for what to do with them, he remembers the past and the relationship they had. In doing so he finds himself again. Gavin A. Fear <g-fear@uwe.ac.uk> A washed up, middled-aged ballplayer recalls the summer his father died, his mother attempted a one night stand, and he and his best friend lost their virginity, as he travels back to his childhood home to collect the earthly remains of a woman whom he hasn't seen for twenty years, yet whose influence has hung over him his entire life. Jojo Mac It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Copycat (1995)44) An agoraphobic psychologist and a female detective must work together to take down a serial killer who copies serial killers from the past. In San Francisco, the criminal psychologist Helen Hudson is specialized in serial-killers. During a trial, the accused Daryll Lee Cullum kills a police officer and tries to kill her and she becomes agoraphobic. Now Helen lives a reclusive life with her gay friend Andy that helps her. Sometime later, there is a wave of crimes and Detectives M.J. Monahan and Reuben Goetz are investigating the murder cases. Helen identifies that the murderer is copycatting notorious serial-killers and she anonymously contacts the Police Department. After fourteen phone calls, she is identified by the police. Detectives M.J. and Reuben visit her and Helen teams up with them and prepares the profile of the killer that wants to be famous. But soon the copycat killer Peter Foley contacts and stalks Helen and M.J. and Reuben give protection to her. Will they be capable to stop Foley before the next murder? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Criminal profiler and psychologist Dr Helen Hudson becomes entangled in the deadly mind game of a vicious copycat serial killer Peter Foley. Due to the horrific attack Helen suffered in her past as an agoraphobic she is confined to her apartment. The killer uses this against her in his murderous attempts to become a famous serial killer. Detectives M. J Monahan and Reuben Goetz they have the challenge of trying to capture the killer before he kills again and uses his chance to commit another atrocious murder. Clare Brace <yanknanny99@hotmail.com> Helen Hudson is a psychiatrist who specializes in serial killers. She suffers from agoraphobia and her only link to the outside world is her computer. A serial killer who copies the methods of famous serial killers (hence the title) threatens her on-line. Holly Hunter plays a cop who is on the trail of the killer. Together they try to identify him and, hopefully, dispatch him. Miljen Matijasevic <sammatij@filozof.ffzg.hr> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Radio Inside (1994)Summaries After witnessing the accidental drowning of his father, a young Floridian "tunes out" and the world makes little sense to him until his older brother's girlfriend awakens his sense of reality. A year after their pious dad's death, just graduated bright, erudite but distracted Matt Anderson, an angelic dreamer who talks with dad's ghost and phones with his confident God, moves in with his only relative, prosaic but well-meaning elder brother Michael 'Mike' Anderson, who has a materialist career in advertising in Miami Beach and tries to push kid brother into professional life too. Matt however, who adores thinking in the bath and watching fish in an aquarium despite a recurring near-drowning nightmare, takes a lifeguard job in the municipal pool well below his brilliant degree and only does some copy-writing for Mike's agency as a reluctant favor to big brother, no praise or fat check can make him like the greedy advertising business. Going along with Mike and his sexy girlfriend Natalie, a bookshop clerk who enjoys private tutoring, and standing in when Mike stands her up, Matt discovers she's rather his type, caring and romantic; soon they are irresistibly drawn to each-other, but even after a ball -a success although Matt can't dance- and a kiss she stole he can't risk losing Mike, who denies it when she dumps him. When it seems Tyler 'T.J.', an obnoxious black rascal Natalie and Matt both tried to take under their wing and teach to swim, has drowned when he was late, gentle Matt's tender heart breaks beyond panic... KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Natural Enemy (1996 Video)Summaries A businessman (Donald Sutherland) begins to suspect his young new partner (William McNamara) has a deadly ulterior motive for getting close to him and his family. A businessman (Donald Sutherland) has a hotshot young new partner (William McNamara). What he doesn't realise is that his new partner is the son of his second wife, adopted into an abusive family at birth and now a raving psychopath out to murder his natural mother for whom he blames the miseries of his lifetime. Jonathon Dabell <J.D.@pixie.ntu.ac.uk> Harvard-graduate Jeremy Harper, the hotshot executive assistant (right hand) of well-reputed independent stock broker Ted Robards, is courted by a bigger firm; he only accepts to stay if given lodging at his boss' home for him and his girlfriend Gina, who likes him to be a rough SM-top, but not quite as harsh as the memories of his abusive adoptive father who he killed by arson as a child, inspire him. Sandy Robards wasn't consulted, and instinctively distrusts him; she ignores, unlike him, to be his biological mother. Now Jeremy sets in motion an elaborate plan to revenge himself terribly on his abusive father, on Sandy and even both her loved ones: her husband -starting a rumor fatal to his business- and his son from his first marriage, studying swimmer Chris, which he seduces in two ways... KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 