nm0008618:

 Storyboard (1983 )Summaries Series of one-off dramas intended to serve as possible pilots. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Screen One (19852002)Summaries Anthology of unconnected movies of different genres. Producer Kenith Trodd was part of a 1984 team brought together to study how the BBC should respond to Channel Four's pioneering efforts in making movies for television and theatrical release. The result was a transition from the earlier concept of studio-made plays, such as Play for Today (1970) and the introduction of the new BBC anthology movie series, this show and Screen Two (1985), with Trodd's supervision of the initial group of titles in 1985. Bhob Stewart <bhob2@earthlink.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Phoney War (2021)Summaries A mother dying of breast cancer sees the ghost of her son who died in the war. A cin poem. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Naked (1993)Summaries An unemployed Mancunian vents his rage on unsuspecting strangers as he embarks on a nocturnal London odyssey. Johnny flees Manchester for London, to avoid a beating from the family of a girl he has raped. There he finds an old girlfriend, and spends some time homeless, spending much of his time ranting at strangers, and meeting characters in plights very much like his own. John Hartnup <hartnupj@cs.aston.ac.uk> Naked tells the tale of Johnny, who flees Manchester for London after violently raping a woman. In London he crashes with ex-girl friend Louise and her flat mate Sophie. Both Johnny and Sophie seduce and eventually fall for one another. Johnny though, eventually gets fed up of Sophie's clinging and obsessive actions and leaves for the streets. In the following days Johnny unwittingly encounters all sorts of undesirable and peculiar people. An abusive Scottish boyfriend and girlfriend, a security guard of an empty building, an insomniac and a lonely young waitress. Meanwhile Louise and Sophie are tormented by the landlord from hell, Sebastian, who is abusive, violent, threatening and even rapes Sophie on their first encounter. By the end of his journey Johnny is beaten by a gang of youths. He stumbles his way back to the house not only bringing with him his chaos but stumbling into the chaos brought on from Sebastian. Luke Foster It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 