nm0008151:

 El Banat Ayza Eih (1980)Summaries Layla refuses to get married because she believes all men are liars especially after her sister's tragic suicide on her wedding day when her fianc left her. Layla's father decides to put an end to her stubbornness and sends a letter that explains her problem to Ahmed who works as an editor for the local newspaper. His friend Kamal, a womanizer wants to settle down and find a wife. Ahmed suggests that Kamal should meet with Layla and ask for her hand in marriage, and both of them get engaged. When Layla discovers more on Kamal's past, she breaks off the engagement and the problems commence. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Time Conqueror (1987)Summaries Kamel is a journalist, one day his cousin tells him that patients are disappearing from one of the hospitals and that he wants to uncover the mystery behind this, but when his cousin disappears also in mysterious circumstances, Kamel starts uncovering the mystery behind his cousin's disappearance as well as the other patients. His search leads him to a famous doctor that lives alone with his daughter in secluded house outside the city. Moh X It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ehtaressi Men El-Regal Ya Mama (1975)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Al-Azwag Al-Shayateen (1977)Summaries Mamdooh, Kamel and Fathi are three friends who work in one company. Kamel and Fathi are married while Mamdooh is a single person who rents a float for his pleasures. Kamel and Fathi visit him escaping from their wives. Naimah steels the jewelry of her employer, who chases her. She runs away by riding in Mamdooh's car. Mamdooh takes Naimah to the float, hoping to spend a good time with her. His friends Kamel and Fathi come to share in the fun, but the police came and captured everyone after Naimah hidden the stolen jewelry in the float's sofa. Naimah was detained and the three young men were released. Mamdooh visits his friend Kamel at home and saw Magdah, his sister-in-law, and marries her. Naimah comes out of prison and chases the couples until she reaches the float and recovers the stolen goods. But the wives arrive with the police who arrest Naimah and get the stolen jewelry. The husbands were released but were chased by the wives. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 