nm0001184:

 Friends with Benefits (2011)431) A young man and woman decide to take their friendship to the next level without becoming a couple, but soon discover that adding sex only leads to complications. Jamie Rellis ( Mila Kunis ) is a New York City head-hunter trying to sign Los Angeles-based art director Dylan Harper ( Justin Timberlake ) for her client. When he takes the job and makes the move, they quickly become friends. Their friendship turns into a friendship with benefits, but with Jamie's emotionally damaged past and Dylan's history of being emotionally unavailable, they have to try to not fall for each other the way Hollywood romantic comedies dictate. napierslogs Jamie Rellis and Dylan Harper, on opposite coasts, break up with their lovers: each separately vows to stay out of emotional entanglements. So when Jamie recruits Dylan to manage GQ's art department in New York City - and she's the only person he knows in Manhattan - they decide to become friends with sexual benefits. It works well until Jamie meets a pediatric cardiologist who just might be a match, and Dylan invites her to come home with him to Los Angeles for Thanksgiving. He may be jealous of the doctor, she may be sending new vibes in Dylan's direction, but can either see the signals? And is it inevitable that life imitates art? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jamie Reillis (Mila Kunis) is an Executive Recruiter for a leading job agency in New York City and Dylan Harper (Justin Timberlake) works as an art director for a small internet company in Los Angeles. Jamie has the task of trying to recruit Dylan to interview for a job with GQ magazine and begin working in New York City. Dylan comes to New York and after interviewing for the position learns from Jamie that he has been given an offer to work for GQ. At first Dylan is hesitant to accept and move from his home in Los Angeles to New York, but in an effort to get Dylan to accept the job, Jamie spends the evening taking him around the city trying to sell him on the opportunity and the city. After a fun night together exploring the city (including staring a 'flash mob' to dance to a pop tune in Times Square) Dylan agrees to take the job. The next day Jamie presents Dylan with the contract to sign so she can land her commission for recruiting him. Not knowing anyone else in the city he and Jamie quickly develop a friendship. One night, while hanging out at Jamie's apartment watching a romantic comedy, they get on the topic of sex and relationships. They come to the conclusion that sex should not come with so many emotional attachments. Both feeling the need for a physical connection they agree to have sex without emotion or commitment involved. After several trysts together Jamie comes to the realization that this isn't really what she wants, and she would like to start dating again and informs Dylan that they need to stop. A few days later, Jamie meets Parker (Bryan Greenberg) and they begin dating. After five dates they consummate their relationship but the next morning Parker leaves and informs Jamie he really wasn't looking for anything more. Furious, Jamie tells Parker off, assuring the end of their relationship. Trying to be sympathetic and to help Jamie get over the pain of the situation Dylan suggests she come with him to California over the July 4th weekend while he visits his family. Jamie is very hesitant, but agrees after much persistence from Dylan. They fly to California where Jamie meets his older sister Annie (Jenna Elfman) and father (Richard Jenkins). While in California emotional feelings for each other begin to form and they share a passionate kiss, which leads to a night of close intimacy unlike any they had shared before. However the next day Jamie overhears a conversation between Annie and Dylan indicating he has no real feelings for her. Hurt, she flies back to New York, alone. A few days later Dylan returns to New York trying to reconcile his friendship with Jamie and find out why she has been ignoring him. He finally finds Jamie and she informs him she overheard everything he said and has no interest in maintaining any kind of a friendship with him. Soon after this Jamie discovers that Dylan may be leaving the GQ position for another job, which would affect her commission. She confronts Dylan about this which leads to another argument. Both begin to do some soul searching trying to come to terms with their feelings about their relationship. Jamie spends time with her mother (Patricia Clarkson), while Dylan discusses it with his sister over the phone. His sister informs him that their father, who suffers from the early stages of Alzheimer's disease, will be flying to New York and he needs to be picked up at the airport. While eating at the airport with his father, his father, in a moment of Alzheimer's-induced confusion, incorrectly recognizes a passerby as a woman from his past. Dylan asks him about this woman, and his father, upon regaining his lucidity, says that she was a woman he met in the Navy, that she was the love of his life, and regrets decisions he made in his youth to let her go. Dylan realizes how he feels about Jamie and after a talk with his friend and coworker, Tommy (Woody Harrelson), decides to go after her. He calls Jamies mother to set up an excuse to get Jamie to go to Grand Central Station thinking she will be picking her mother up and arranges to have another flash mob scene set up to surprise Jamie at Grand Central. When the moment comes he catches up with Jamie and tells her how he really feels. Surprised and happy by this turn of events Jamie tells him to kiss her. After sharing a kiss Dylan suggests it is time they go on their first real date. They go to the caf across the street, and although they attempt to keep the date casual and relaxed, the film ends with them in a sensual embrace and passionate kiss. 
 Edtv (1999)651) A video store clerk agrees to have his life filmed by a camera crew for a television show. In a Hail Mary move for corporate preservation, the San Francisco based Northwest Broadcasting Corporation launches True TV, a new network which will broadcast the life of an Average Joe or Jane, 24/7 live and thus unedited, the subject chosen signed initially for one month. The project is conceived and led by one of the producers, Cynthia, but her boss, NWBC president Whitaker, will take the credit if it succeeds, and let her sink as the captain of the ship if it fails. The network is rebranded EdTV when Cynthia believes she's found her subject, Ed Pekurny, a native Texas hayseed, who fits the two main criteria that she is looking for in the person: he is easy on the eyes, and he has what seems to be a potential trainwreck of a life in that he he is thirty-one years old, spends most of his time hanging out at the bar, and has no ambition beyond his longtime dead end job as a clerk in a video store. Ed did not actively campaign for the job - his blowhard of a brother Ray was the one who played to the cameras when Cynthia's team was looking for subjects - but ultimately decided to do it after discussing it with those close to him, namely his immediately family of his mother, stepfather, and two siblings. After a slow start and despite some people associated with Ed hamming it up to the cameras in wanting their fifteen minutes of fame or more, Ed becomes enough of a toast to the TV watching public for the network to become a success. However, having the cameras rolling during certain times may not be the most advantageous for those directly involved, especially as someone from Ed's distant past reenters his life, and an issue with regard to Ray's relationship with his current girlfriend, a UPS delivery person named Shari who if Ed was being honest would admit that he is attracted to himself. Other issues that eventually do emerge is Ed and those around him using the cameras as a convenient excuse for things that happen, and as Whitaker, against Cynthia's wants as the moves being totally self-serving, begins to manipulate Ed to make EdTV more salacious TV viewing. Huggo A comedy about a video store clerk Ed whose life is thrown into chaos when he agrees to let an executive of a television studio film him for 24 hours. Jordan Chamerski A television network that specializes in Reality format decides to have a program where in they show the life of an ordinary guy. And the guy they choose is Ed, an ordinary guy. At first, things seem ok but when he reveals that his brother, Ray is cheating on his girlfriend, Shari and when he goes to see her, he reveals that he has been harboring feelings for her. While they try to see if they can have a relationship, the presence of the cameras make it difficult. When his contract is extended, Ed is not sure if he wants to keep on doing it but the network president, is holding him to his contract. And what happens is that Shari doesn't want to stay in town and all sorts of family secrets are revealed. rcs0411@yahoo.com Cynthia, TV producer, has an idea about how to save the station: A normal person's life should be broadcasted 24 hours a day. "Ed TV" is born the second her eye falls on Ed Pekurny, a sympathetic Joe Sixpack. After the first week on air Eds fame grows and grows, but conflicts break open: His brother Ray publishes a very negative book about Ed, who now dates Ray's ex; Ed's parent's partnership problematics are broadcasted nationwide and a very attractive and seducing model uses innocent Ed to raise her own fame. Also, Ed's contract proves to be unquittable, so that Ed Pekurny suddenly can see the golden bars around his cage. But in a country that switches the TV set on for breakfast and off for bedtime, nearly everything can happen - and people can be counted on. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This movie is a satire of voyeurism and celebrity when an ordinary guy who works at a video store in San Francisco becomes an overnight star when he agrees to allow his daily life to be televised. Ed (Matthew McConaughey) quickly learns that he has absolutely no privacy. The taping of his life begins when he is waking up and shown to be scratching himself in his most private area. His father (played by Dennis Hopper) shows up and his mother is forced to admit that she made him leave, after having told Ed that he ran away. The television producer Cynthia Topping (Ellen Degeneres) begins to manipulate his life by arranging to have certain characters to "show up." For example, shortly after his girlfriend Shari (Jenna Elfman) moves away to escape the infringement on her personal life, Jill (Elizabeth Hurley) shows up and begins to seduce him. Jill isn't really interested in Ed, though, but is only using him in an attempt to further her own career. A really racy scene ensues and it appears that Ed and Jill are about to have sex on TV but he falls off the dining room table and squashes her cat, ending the ardor. The cat survives, fortunately, so we animal lovers folks can relax. He never sees Jill again. Life for poor Ed begins to degenerate (no pun intended Ellen) when his brother Ray Pekurny (Woody Harrelson) publishes an expose book (entitled "My Brother Pissed On Me"). LIfe takes another terrible turn when he gets a phone call from his mother telling him that his stepfather has died. The doctor tells him that he died making love with his mother and about that time, his real stepfather, Al (Martin Landau), comes zipping down the hall of the hospital on his scooter and leaves Ed confused. His mother admits that she was having sex with Hank and admits on national television that Al is unable to perform. Ed really wants to get back together with Shari, who has been caught following him in disguise. He wants to end the contract but the producers won't release him. So he devises a way to get them to cancel the show by offering a $10,000 reward to the viewer who can dish the most dirt on the producers. The main producer (Cynthia Topping) sympathize with Ed and tells him a terrible secret on Mr. Whitaker (Rob Reiner) that he cannot perform without pumping a liquid into his male member but before he can announce it, they quit airing the show. 
 Keeping the Faith (2000)44) Two friends, a priest and a rabbi, fall in love with the same woman they knew in their youth, but the religious position of both men denies them romance. Jake and Brian are friends. They are Jewish and Catholic respectively. They would grow up and become a rabbi and priest. Anna, whom they knew when they were younger, comes back to town a stunning woman. Jake is up to be the head of his synagogue but he is not married which doesn't make his appointment any easier. Jake finds himself attracted to Anna but because she's not Jewish, he can't marry her as it would make his appointment less likely. Brian also finds himself attracted to Anna, but the priesthood doesn't allow that. Their friendship is strained when each learns of the other's feelings for her. rcs0411@yahoo.com Best friends, a priest and a rabbi, fall in love with the same girl. However, neither of the men can pursue the relationship due to their religious position: the priest can not break his vow of celibacy and the rabbi can not marry her since she is not Jewish. Anonymous A love triangle between three friends. Rabbi Jake Schram and Father Brian Finn, two friends, are out to update their religions and draw in more worshipers. With the arrival of Anna Reilly, an old childhood friend of the two, the men's lives are thrown a curve ball. Anna has become a stunning beauty with a lot of spunk and ambition, and both of them want her. A major road block to Anna for both men is their religion. Jake is up for a head position at his synagogue and taking on a non-Jewish partner is frowned upon, besides the fact that his mother disowned his brother for marrying a non-Jewish woman. Brian has given a vow of celibacy to become a priest. Anna Chan <annachan@amazon.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dharma & Greg (19972002)431) A free-spirited yoga instructor finds true love in a conservative lawyer and they get married on the first date. Though they are polar opposites, he fulfills her need of stability and she fulfills his need of optimism. There could hardly be an odder match, but love knows no reason. Assistant D.A. Greg Montgomery, the son of successful businessman Edward and Kitty, the queen of socialite snob-ism, falls madly in love with the utterly unconventional free spirit Dharma Finkelstein, the daughter of hippie couple Abby O'Neil and Larry Finkelstein. The in-laws never agree on anything and stir up trouble as they're shocked by each other's lifestyles. Greg's lazy, incompetent colleague Pete Cavanaugh and Dharma's odd friend Jane likewise develop improbably chemistry as they observe their friends' relationship. KGF Vissers When Greg, a young attorney from a wealthy family, meets Dharma, a free-spirited young woman, they get married in Reno on their first date. Their love grows every day as they get to know each other, but her hippie folks and his snob-Republican parents despise each other. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A free spirited yoga instructor finds true love in a conservative lawyer, and they got married on their very first date. Though they are two complete opposites, her need of stability is fulfilled with him, and his need of optimism is fulfilled with her. 