nm0004944:

 The Jersey (19992004)Summaries A group of friends become famous athletes thanks to a magic jersey. A group of friends find an old jersey that, when worn during a sporting event on TV would magically transport the wearer (and sometimes those in contact with the wearer) into a key player(s) in that game. They learn self confidence and team work with the real pros not suspecting a thing. As soon as they score, win the game or take the jersey off are they transferred back home. Bigbrannigan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bushwhacked (1995)Summaries On the run from authorities, a sleazy courier poses as a Scout leader on a camping trip. But he has no idea what he's in for when he must actually take charge of a group of kids. As Max is on the job making a delivery, he finds out that the guy who hired him was using him to move money around--and that he is dead. Afraid that the police will think he is the killer, Max flees, and gets forced to pose as a Scout leader for a bunch of kids hiking through the mountains as the police pursue him. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Clubhouse Detectives (1996)Summaries A bunch of kids have to solve a murder Late one night, Billy and Kade Ruckman see their neighbor, Michael Chambers, murder a woman, but Chambers has a story all set to convince their mother Vicky, that it was just a rehearsal scene from an opera. The only ones who can help them find the body in Chambers' house before he moves and gets rid of all evidence, are their friends, Jimmy, Eddie, and J.J., who are determined to find the body before Chambers finds them. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bailey Kipper's P.O.V. (1996)Summaries A young boy who provides commentary about his family and his life throughout the show with both wit and insight. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 