nm0001337:

 One for the Money (2012)321) Unemployed and newly-divorced Stephanie Plum lands a job at her cousin's bail-bond business, where her first assignment puts her on the trail of a wanted local cop from her romantic past. After losing her job, Jersey girl Stephanie Plum is broke. Needing a job she is told that her cousin, a bail bondsman, needs someone to help out in the office. But the only job openings he has are for skip tracers. She learns that Joe Morelli, a guy she knew intimately years ago, is one of the "skips". She eventually finds him but wasn't really prepared so he gets away. Another bounty hunter, Ranger, tries to teach her. Eventually she finds Morelli again, but he claims he is innocent of the crime he is accused of and he is trying to prove his innocence. Eventually Stephanie thinks he's telling the truth so she stakes out the person who can help him. She only finds herself in trouble and Morelli saves her. She tries to find someone who can prove his innocence, but the problem is that shortly after meeting with them they're killed or attacked. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A proud, born-and-bred Jersey girl, Stephanie, has plenty of attitude, even if she's been out of work for the last six months and just lost her car to a debt collector. Desperate for some fast cash, she turns to her last resort - convincing her sleazy cousin to give her a job at his bail bonding company as a recovery agent. Stephanie takes on the company's most notorious bail-jumper, former vice cop and murder suspect Joe Morelli - the same Joe Morelli who happened to break her heart in high school. Nabbing Joe would be satisfying payback and a hefty paycheck. But as Stephanie learns the ins and outs of the business from hunky colleague Ranger, she also realizes that the case against Joe isn't airtight. With a plethora of misadventures along the way, Stephanie's new job isn't nearly as easy as she thought. 
 Grey's Anatomy (2005 )Summaries A drama centered on the personal and professional lives of five surgical interns and their supervisors. A medical based drama centered around Meredith Grey, an aspiring surgeon and daughter of one of the best surgeons, Dr. Ellis Grey. Throughout the series, Meredith goes through professional and personal challenges along with fellow surgeons at Seattle Grace Hospital. The doctors of Grey Sloan Memorial Hospital deal with life-or-death consequences on a daily basis -- it's in one another that they find comfort, friendship and, at times, more than friendship. Together they're discovering that neither medicine nor relationships can be defined in black and white. Real life only comes in shades of grey. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Knocked Up (2007)431) For fun-loving party animal Ben Stone, the last thing he ever expected was for his one-night stand to show up on his doorstep eight weeks later to tell him she's pregnant with his child. When Alison Scott is promoted in E! Television, she goes to a night-club to celebrate with her older married sister Debbie. Alison meets the pothead reckless Ben Stone and while having a small talk with Ben, Debbie's husband Pete calls her to tell that their daughter has chicken pox. Debbie leaves the place but Allison stays with Ben, drinking and dancing along all night; completely wasted, they end up having a one night stand. Ben does not use a condom and eight weeks later, Allison discovers that she is pregnant. She calls Ben and they decide to try to stay together and have the baby. However, Ben needs to grow up first to raise a family of his own. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Ben Stone, like his four roommates, is a schlub and slacker. Their sole work - unpaid self-employment - is creating a website that identifies where scenes of women's nudity appears in mainstream movies. Alison Scott lives in a suite in the house of Debbie and Pete, her sister and brother-in-law. Slightly insecure Alison masks that insecurity by trying to control her life, much like her sister. Alison celebrates her promotion as on-air reporter for E! by going out with Debbie to a club, where she meets Ben. A generous gesture on Ben's part leads to Ben and Alison hooking up, which by the sober light of day she realizes was probably a mistake as they are totally incompatible. Conversely, Ben really likes Alison, who generally would be considered out of his league. However, that liaison results in Alison becoming pregnant. After thinking about the implications, she decides to keep the baby. Beyond the personal issues, Alison struggles with how this pregnancy will affect her new job, especially in the eyes of her image conscious bosses, Jack and Jill. Despite being a big kid himself, Ben, wanting to do right by Alison, supports her in any way he can. As they are both "nice" people who strive for the traditional when it comes to family, they decide to give their relationship a shot despite their incompatibility. Especially for Alison, her primary concern is not ending up the way of Debbie and Pete, who too are incompatible, who only married because Debbie got pregnant, and who both seem unhappy in their married life. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Alison Scott is a career-minded woman, who has just been given an on-air role with E!]and is living in the pool house with her sister Debbie's family. Ben Stone is laid-back and sardonic. He lives off funds received in compensation for an injury and sporadically works on a celebrity porn website with his roommates, in between smoking marijuana or going to theme parks such as Knott's Berry Farm. While celebrating her promotion, Alison meets Ben at a local nightclub. After a night of drinking, they end up having sex. Due to a misunderstanding, they don't use protection: Alison uses the phrase "Just do it already" to encourage Ben to put the condom on, but he misinterprets this to mean to dispense without using one. The following morning, they quickly learn over breakfast that they have little in common and go their separate ways, which leaves Ben visibly upset. Eight weeks later, Alison experiences morning sickness during an interview with James Franco and realizes she could be pregnant. She contacts Ben for the first time since their one-night stand to tell him. Although insensitive at first, Ben says he will be there to support Alison. While he is still unsure about being a parent, his father is excited. Alison's mother tries to persuade her daughter to have an abortion, but Alison decides to keep the child. Later, Alison and Ben decide to give the relationship a chance. The couple's efforts include Ben making an awkward marriage proposal with an empty ring box, promising to get her one someday. Alison thinks it's too early to think about marriage, because she is more concerned with hiding the pregnancy from her bosses, believing that they will fire her if they ever found out. After a somewhat promising beginning, tensions surface in the relationship. Alison is increasingly worried about Ben's lack of responsibility and commitment, and has doubts about the longevity of their relationship. These thoughts are due to her sister's unhappy marriage. Debbie's husband, Pete, works as a talent scout for rock bands, but he leaves at odd hours in the night, which makes her suspect he is having an affair. Upon investigating, she learns that he is actually part of a fantasy baseball draft, and that he has been doing other activities such as going to the movies on his own, which he explains he participates in to be free from Debbie's controlling manner. This results in their separation, and when Ben expresses amusement at Pete's deception, it leads to a heated argument with Alison as they drive to her doctor. Angered, she ejects him from her car and abandons him in the middle of a busy street. He tracks her down to her appointment and they both start another argument, leading to their own breakup. Ben and Pete decide to go on a road trip to Las Vegas. Under the heavy influence of psychedelic mushrooms, they realize their loss and decide to take responsibility for their relationships. Simultaneously, Debbie drags a timid Alison out partying with her, but they are refused admission to a nightclub by its apologetic bouncer on account of Debbie's age and Alison's pregnancy, leading to Debbie's tearful laments about her life and her desire to have Pete back. They reconcile at their daughter's birthday party, but when Ben tries to work things out with Alison, she doesn't want to get back together. Alison's boss finds out about her pregnancy, and sees an opportunity to boost ratings with female viewers by having Alison interview pregnant celebrities. After a talk with his father, Ben decides to take responsibility and goes to great effort to change his ways, including moving out of his friends' house, getting an office job as a web designer, and creating a baby's room in his new apartment. He also starts reading the pregnancy books that he had purchased earlier on. When Alison goes into labor and is unable to contact her doctor, she calls Ben, as Debbie and Pete are at Legoland. Ben discovers that the gynecologist they had been seeing is out of town, at a Bar Mitzvah, despite having assured them that he never took vacations. Ben calls him and leaves a furious voicemail, threatening murder. During labor, Alison apologizes for doubting Ben's commitment and admits that she never thought he would be the right one for her. When Debbie and Pete arrive at the hospital, Ben adamantly refuses to allow her to be at Alison's side, insisting that it's his place. Debbie is both furious and impressed that Ben took charge of the situation and begins to change her formerly negative opinion about him. The couple welcomes a baby girl (a boy in the alternate ending) and settle down happily together in a new apartment in Los Angeles. 
 The Ugly Truth (2009)651) An uptight television producer takes control of a morning show segment on modern relationships hosted by a misogynistic man. A romantically challenged morning show producer is reluctantly embroiled in a series of outrageous tests by her chauvinistic correspondent to prove his theories on relationships and help her find love. His clever ploys, however, lead to an unexpected result. Anonymous Abby Richter, an ambitious morning show TV producer in Sacramento, California, is in a perpetual search of the ideal man. When her show suffers a drop in ratings, Abby is forced to team up with a new addition: cynical Mike Chadway, who offers crude but genuine dating advice about human relationships. Then, Abby has a chance encounter with the man of her dreams, the next-door neighbour and orthopaedic surgeon, Colin Anderson. Now, having no one to turn to, Abby has no other choice but to swallow her pride and accept help from Mike, who promises her that her Prince Charming will fall into her arms if she does what he says precisely. However, is Abby prepared for the ugly truth? Nick Riganas In Sacramento, Abby Richter produces a morning news show that's about to be canceled. To boost ratings, her boss hires Mike Chadway, a local cable call-in host who promotes the ugly truth: sex is the only glue in a relationship, men can't change, and they only respond to women's looks. Mike offends Abby's sensibility: she has a checklist about the perfect man, and she's found him in her new neighbor, Colin, a hunky doctor. Mike offers to help her reel in Colin if she'll work with Mike on the show; she accepts the deal, ratings go up, and, with Mike's help, so does Colin's interest in her. Craig Ferguson, a hot air balloon, and the ugly truth help this take on "Cyrano" play out. <jhailey@hotmail.com> In Sacramento, the producer of a morning show Abby Richter is a controller that has a checklist with items about the ideal man for her; however she can not find any man that fulfills her prerequisites. Her show has problems with the low ratings and the TV direction hires the cynical chauvinist Mike Chadway that hosts the popular and gross mannish show "The Ugly Truth" about what men and women really want in a relationship. Abby has frictions with Mike and he proposes to help her to get her attractive neighbor Colin that fulfills her checklist; in return she would support him in the show. Abby dates Colin but when Mike is invited to participate in the Craig Ferguson's Late Late Show in San Francisco, they get closer and fall in love for each other. But out of the blue, Colin arrives in Abby's room and she has to make a decision. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Plot summary (with possible spoilers): Abby (played by Katherine Heigl) is the producer of a ratings-challenged morning show in Sacramento. Shes good at her job, but the audience just isnt interested in the anchors or any of the other personalities on the show. Her boss Stuart (Nick Searcy) says that if ratings dont pick up soon, the show will be canceled. After all, they can get more eyeballs on a Geraldo Rivera rerun at a lower overall cost. Things arent going very well in Abbys personal life either. Being a control freak, she often scares men off in the first few minutes which is exactly what happened when she met Jim (Kevin Connolly) after hooking up on a dating website. Abby had already asked assistant Joy (Bree Turner) to run a thorough background check, so she already knew all there was to know about the guy, making for some awkward moments. Upon returning home that night, Abby flipped on the TV. Her cat happened to step on the remote control, which brought up a show called The Ugly Truth. Hosted by the crass Mike Chadway (Gerard Butler), the show offers dating advice to women, often voiced by Mike in the most crude terms possible. In fact, Abby is so appalled by what she hears in the first few minutes that she calls in to tell Mike hes a cynical jerk, to which he simply replies that she must be on a cold streak because shes ugly. Abby hangs up. To her horror, she shows up to work the next day to learn that Stuart has hired Mike for a daily 3-minute appearance. Stuart is convinced that this will boost ratings, but Abby is convinced it will be a huge mistake. Mike, unsurprisingly, is a hit, but he and Abby begin arguing almost from the minute that they meet. She confesses that she was the caller from the night before, at which point Mike tells her that hell help her land her dream man Colin (Eric Winter) just to prove that his advice is sound. Abby reluctantly agrees. The rest of the film then follows these two basic storylines: the main arc of Mike and Abby teaming up to snag Colin, and the subplot of Mike breathing new life into the morning show. This being a romantic comedy, its practically the law that the male and female lead end up together, so obviously Mike and Abby realize that they have feelings for each other right before the credits roll. 