nm0005583:

 The World Is Not Enough (1999)761) James Bond uncovers a nuclear plot while protecting an oil heiress from her former kidnapper, an international terrorist who can't feel pain. James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) is back. An oil tycoon is murdered in MI6, and Bond is sent to protect his daughter. Renard (Robert Carlyle), who has a bullet lodged in his brain from a previous Agent, is secretly planning the destruction of a pipeline. Bond gains a hand from research scientist Dr. Christmas Jones (Denise Richards), who witnesses the action which happens when Bond meets up with Renard, but Bond becomes suspicious about Elektra King (Sophie Marceau), especially when Bond's boss, M (Dame Judi Dench) goes missing. Bond must work quickly to prevent Renard from destroying Europe. simon When oil tycoon Sir Robert King (David Calder) is murdered in cold blood, M (Dame Judi Dench) assigns James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) to go and protect his daughter Elektra (Sophie Marceau). An anarchist named Renard (Robert Carlyle), who was shot with a bullet in his head by another Agent, seems to be of concern to MI6. And he has his eyes set on taking down the King pipeline and Elektra along with it. While on assignment, Bond suddenly becomes suspicious on Elektra's motives to move her pipeline. With help from his old adversary, Valentin Zukovsky (Robbie Coltrane), and physicist Dr Christmas Jones (Denise Richards), Bond must work against time to stop the terrorist plan to destroy the pipeline before it's too late. Blazer346 When British oil tycoon, and M's (Dame Judi Dench's) friend, Sir Robert King (David Calder) is killed in a bombing at MI6 Headquarters, it becomes James Bond's (Pierce Brosnan's) new assignment to protect his daughter and heir, Elektra (Sophie Marceau), from further harm. Renard (Robert Carlyle), a man who can't feel physical pain due to a bullet in his head, seems to play an important role in the sabotage of the on-going construction of the new King pipeline, which can give oil to all of the world for the future. The three competing pipelines all end up in Istanbul, Turkey, whereas the King pipeline is being laid elsewhere, and therefore is an easy goal to anonymous attackers. James Bond involuntarily teams up with emancipated Dr. Christmas Jones (Denise Richards), and they soon find out that there is more threat to the situation than just some pipeline sabotage. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> When oil tycoon Sir Robert King (David Calder) is assassinated in a bombing at MI6 Headquarters, after recovering three million British pounds from a Swiss Bank in Bilbao, Spain. Seductive British Secret Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan) is injured in the line of duty trying to pursue the assassin who killed herself by blowing herself up in a hot air balloon. Fearing Sir Robert's beautiful daughter and heiress Elektra King's (Sophie Marceau's) life is in danger, M (Dame Judi Dench) assigns 007 to protect her, as Elektra has inherited her father's legacy and has taken over the business, and is constructing a new oil pipeline. Bond learns an evil terrorist, known as Renard (Robert Carlyle), who has a bullet in his head cutting off his senses so he can't smell, touch, and feel no pain, was responsible for the assassination of Sir Robert. With help of nuclear scientist Dr. Christmas Jones (Denise Richards) and former enemy, ex-K.G.B. Agent Valentin Zukovsky (Robbie Coltrane), Bond sets out to foil Renard's plan as he plots to wipe out Europe with a nuclear bomb. Is the World not enough for James Bond 007 as he not only tries to stop Renard, but also begins to question Elektra's motives? Daniel Williamson After British oil tycoon Sir Robert King (David Calder) is killed in a bombing at MI6 Headquarters, his daughter, Elektra (Sophie Marceau), inherits his fortune which includes billions of dollars worth of oil deposits in the Caspian Sea, and James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) as a bodyguard. Her new wealth attracts international interest. But she has also attracted the attention of her father's killer. His name is Renard (Robert Carlyle). A bullet lodged in his brain has rendered him unable to feel physical pain, and he has but only one reason left to live, revenge. There's only one man who can take the heat between a beautiful heiress, a malicious sociopath, and his final diabolical plan. For the world's most famous secret agent, when the stakes are high and the danger hits too close to home, it is not just professional, its personal. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Bilbao, Spain, MI6 agent, James Bond, meets with a Swiss banker to recover a large sum of money. The banker, however, plans to have James killed. James uses a flash grenade disguised as his sidearm to create a diversion and ends up holding the banker at gun-point. The banker had taken the money from another "00" and is about to tell Bond who the agent's assassin is when he himself is killed by a thrown knife from his secretary, the Cigar-Smoking Woman. Bond grabs the case of money and is about to escape when another man tries to shoot him; that man is hit by an unseen sniper. Bond escapes out the window. At MI6 headquarters in London, Bond returns the money to a wealthy man named Robert King. King and Bond's boss, M, are both present in M's office when Bond arrives. Bond learns from them both that King is building an oil pipeline through the Caucasus region and that the project has been threatened with destruction from several factions. King leaves and M gives Bond a glass of bourbon with ice. When the ice begins to bubble, Bond deduces that the money, which he'd handled, may itself be dangerous. In a nearby lab, the metallic security strip in one of the bills bursts into flame and the money explodes, killing King and blowing a large hole in the outer wall of MI6 HQ. Bond looks out through the hole and sees a woman on a boat who tries to shoot him with an automatic rifle. Bond takes a small, experimental, jet-powered boat belonging to Q and races after the woman, chasing her down the Thames. She tries several times to evade him but Bond catches up with her, finally destroying her boat near the Millennium Dome with a torpedo. The woman steals a hot-air balloon and floats upward, with Bond hanging on to one of the anchor ropes. The woman, the Cigar Smoking Woman who killed the Swiss banker, points her own pistol at the gas tanks on the balloon. Bond pleads with her not to kill them both, saying MI6 will protect her. She says no one can protect her from "him". She shoots the tanks and the balloon explodes, dropping Bond onto the Dome. The rolling landing fractures his collarbone, but he's still able to arrest his slide down the side of the Dome by grabbing onto the support cables. At Robert King's funeral service, Bond notices that King's daughter, Elektra, is there. At an MI6 retreat in Scotland, Bond is examined by MI6 physician, Dr. Molly Warmflash, whom Bond seduces to get a passing diagnosis, allowing him to continue his mission. He goes to a briefing held by M who declares that her organization will not be terrorized. The likely suspect is a man named Victor Zerkas, aka "Renard", an internationally known terrorist who hires himself out as a mercenary. Renard was hunted by another Double-O who shot the criminal in the head non-fatally. The bullet, still lodged in Renard's head, has been destroying the area of his brain that controls his senses. Renard does not feel pain and is able to, according to the doctor, "push" himself to the limits of human endurance until the bullet eventually kills him. Renard had previously kidnapped Elektra and demanded a high ransom for her return. Elektra, however, was able to escape by seducing her guards and killing them. M now believes that Renard will want to kill Elektra out of revenge. Bond notices that the money he recovered for Robert King is equal to the ransom Renard had, and concludes that it's more a message from Renard than simply recovered money. The MI6 doctor declares Bond fit for duty. Bond visits his armorer, Q, in his lab where he's given several tools for the mission. Q also introduces Bond to his protege, whom Bond laughingly designates, "R." Bond travels to Elektra's location near Baku, Azerbaijan, where she is overseeing the construction of her father's pipeline. Bond joins her on a brief inspection of the line in the mountains; the area is snowed over and they must ski to the right spot. They are attacked by a small group of men piloting "parahawk" vehicles. Bond is able to stop them, causing a few of them to collide with the landscape or each other and explode. The last explosion causes a small avalanche, burying Bond and Elektra. Bond deploys a rapid-inflating sphere to protect them, but Elektra panics from claustrophobia. Bond rapidly frees them from the snow and takes her back to her house to recuperate. Seeking further information about Elektra's attackers, Bond goes to a casino owned by his old enemy, Valentine Zukovsky, to find out more about Renard and the men who attacked him earlier. Zukovsky tells Bond that Renard is a former KGB agent and may be working for Russian oil barons in the region who want the King pipeline destroyed. Bond and Zukovsky are summoned back to the main floor; Elektra has come to the casino to show she isn't afraid of her enemies and in hopes of winning a sizable amount of money using her father's standing credit. She loses on a high-low draw but is gracious in defeat. In another location, Renard meets with a man named Davidov, Elektra's security chief, and a nuclear weapons scientist named Arkov, who also secretly works for Renard. Renard kills Arkov for the failed attack and expressing his unwillingness to continue with the next phase of the mission and orders Davidov to take Arkov's place on a secret mission the next day. Davidov agrees. Bond slips out of Elektra's mansion and goes to Davidov's office, looking for more leads. When Davidov returns, Bond kills him and takes his place on a plane. Renard's men fly him to a remote region of Kazakhstan where an underground nuclear missile facility is being dismantled. Bond meets the head of the project, Dr. Christmas Jones, who is removing all the radioactive material from the warheads. Bond goes down into one of the silos and finds Renard and his men stealing an active warhead. Bond briefly captures Renard, and tries to force the criminal to reveal his plan. Renard resists, feeling no pain from Bond's blows. During the improvised interrogation, Renard uses a phrase Bond had previously heard from Elektra ("There's no point in living if you can't feel alive."). Bond also notices that one of Renard's men has removed the tracking card from the bomb. At that moment, Dr. Jones and a squad of guards come into the room and she accuses Bond of being an impostor. Bond is forced to his knees by Renard, who presses on Bond's injured collarbone. Bond and Renard and the others are about to be arrested when Renard's crew opens fire and try to escape in the melee. Bond tries to stop their escape but fails and he and Jones are trapped in the silo with a bomb planted by Renard. They manage to get out before the bomb explodes. Jones tells Bond they should be able to find the bomb Renard stole quite easily using it's tracking card but Bond shows her the card he'd taken from one of Renard's men. Bond returns to Baku and harshly confronts Elektra about Renard using her motto and about the way Renard knew about Bond's injury. He concludes that Elektra and Renard are working together. When M arrives, Bond gives her the locator card from the bomb and tells her his theory. At that moment, an alarm sounds, indicating trouble on the pipeline. Renard has planted the bomb he stole on an inspection car that's traveling down the pipeline out of control. Bond and Jones use another of the vehicles to catch the bomb. While Jones dismantles the device she finds that only half of the plutonium from the original bomb is there. Bond tells her to let the explosive charge detonate to create the illusion that they were killed. It does and a large section of the pipe is destroyed. Back at Elektra's command center, she gives the visibly upset M a gift: her father's lapel pin. The pin King was wearing when he was killed was a fake that activated the detonator in the money Bond had retrieved. Elektra tells M that she killed her father out of revenge for not paying ransom for her when she had been kidnapped by Renard. M is taken prisoner. Bond and Jones are puzzled as to why Renard only used half of the plutonium. Bond thinks he knows where to look for answers. Bond once again visits Zukovsky, this time at his caviar factory. While trying to gather further information from Zukovsky, they are attacked by helicopters with dangling, circular saw blades. Bond is able to destroy one of the helicopters with missiles fired from his BMW, but the other chopper saws his car in half. Bond uses a flare gun to ignite leaking gas from a nearby pipe, destroying the second helicopter. In the confusion, Zukovsky falls into a pit of his own caviar. While he struggles to free himself, Bond asks him what his connection to Elektra is. The gangster tells him that he'd arranged for his nephew, a Russian submarine captain, to smuggle some machinery out of Istanbul for Elektra. Bond fishes Zukovsky out of the caviar and the Russian agrees to help Bond stop Renard. In Istanbul, Bond and Zukovsky work to discern Renard's plan. They figure out that a nuclear explosion in Istanbul would contaminate the Bosphorus, preventing all shipping out of the Black Sea, and rendering the Russian oil pipelines useless. This would leave the King line with a monopoly. The submarine will be detonated using the stolen plutonium and will look like an accident. When Bond and Zukovsky determine where the sub is docked, near the Maiden's Tower, Zukovsky's assistant, Bullion, rushes out of the room, having planted a bomb. Bond and Jones escape and the bomb goes off, rendering Zukovsky unconscious. Outside the command center, Bond and Jones are captured by Renard's men. Bond is taken to the Maiden's Tower and delivered to Elektra. Renard takes Jones with him to the submarine. Elektra has Bond shackled to an antique chair that causes asphyxiation and she proceeds to torture him. Suddenly, Zukovsky and his men take control of the tower, killing Renard's and Elektra's men. When Zukovsky reaches the room where Elektra has Bond, he sees his nephew's captain's hat on a nearby table, he demands it from Elektra. She shoots Zukovsky with a pistol hidden behind the hat and he falls to the floor. She turns her attention back to Bond, just long enough for Zukovsky to cock the rifle hidden in his cane. He first aims at Elektra, then turns toward Bond and fires, seemingly missing him. Zukovsky passes out, however his shot has freed one of Bond's wrists and he is able to free himself completely. Elektra runs off, Bond takes her pistol and chases her through the tower, stopping briefly to free M. He finds Elektra and demands she call off Renard in the submarine. She tells Bond he'd never kill her and that he'd miss her. She yells through a two-way radio for Renard to proceed with the plan and Bond shoots her, saying "I never miss." Bond leaps from the tower and boards the sub, where Renard has extruded the stolen plutonium into a rod to be inserted into the sub's reactor. Bond kills most of Renard's men but the terrorist locks himself in the reactor room. Bond swims outside the sub, and enters the engine room through a pressure lock. Jones follows, but distracts Bond from his battle with Renard when she needs him to let her in before she drowns. As a result Renard is able to lock Bond and Jones away from the reactor chamber. Bond sees a way to eject the rod using a pneumatic control and the rod impales Renard, killing him. However, the reactor's cooling has been compromised and it will still explode, though not as seriously as Renard planned. Bond and Jones escape through a missile hatch to the surface and are picked up by a passing boat. Back at MI6 HQ, M, Q and the rest of her staff scan satellite channels looking for Bond. They find him in Istanbul, in bed with Dr. Jones. 
 Nostromo (1966 )Summaries In an unstable South American country, capable Nostromo, a person of trust and a legend among his shipmates, is ordered to secure a shipment of silver and stop any revolutionaries who might try to take it. But even the bravest can be foolish. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hostage (2005)761) When a family is held hostage, former hostage negotiator Jeff Talley arrives at the scene. Talley's own family is kidnapped and Talley must decide which is more important: saving a family he doesn't even know or saving his own family. Jeff Talley, a former LAPD hostage negotiator, has moved himself away from his failed career outside of Los Angeles, and away from his wife and daughter when three perpetrators move in on an unsuspecting family. But the family's father has a secret which might compromise his kin, and one of the criminals is about to jump over the edge. Jeff Talley has to get everybody to survive the night......if he can. Jay Cohen (chefjaybc@gtctelecom.com) In a small town in California, the chief of police Jeff Talley is facing relationship problems with his teenager daughter. One year later, he was the prime police negotiator in Los Angeles, but after an unsuccessful negotiation, he gave-up his position and decided to move with his family to a calmer life. When three punks invade the house of Walter Smith, a wealthy accountant, and jeopardize his family, holding them hostage, Jeff's family is abducted by powerful criminals to force him to retrieve a DVD with bank accountings' information kept in Walter's office. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Haunted by his failure to save a child from a suicidal madman, hostage negotiator Jeff Tally leaves Los Angeles to become police chief of upscale suburb Bristo Camino. But the ghosts of Tally's previous field come back to haunt him when two brothers and their mysterious traveling companion Mars Krupchek take a suburbanite family hostage after a failed robbery. Unbenknownst to the gunmen, their hostage is actually a numbers runner for West Coast kingpin Sonny Benza, and the house contains evidence that put him away. Facing heat from associates in New York, Benza kidnaps Tally's wife and daughter and blackmails him into procuring the incriminating evidence. But the situation escalates even further when Tally discovers that Mars is a serial killer who is eyeing the hostages, and possibly his accomplices, to be his next victims. Ronos Devastated by a failed hostage situation which resulted in the deaths of a young mother and her child, LAPD negotiator Jeff Talley exits Los Angeles for a no profile job as chief of police in the low crime hamlet of Bristo Camino, a small town in Ventura County. When three delinquent teenagers follow home a family intending to steal their car, they have inadvertently picked the wrong house on the wrong day. The trio find themselves trapped in a multi-million dollar compound on the outskirts of town, owned by an accountant working for a mysterious crime enterprise. Panicked, the teenagers take the family hostage, placing Talley in exactly the kind of situation he never wanted to face again. Soon after, Talley readily hands authority of the hostage situation over to the Ventura County Sheriffs Department and leaves the scene. Meanwhile, inside the compound is digital information, which is time sensitive and invaluable to the mysterious criminals and critical to their enterprise. They will stop at nothing to get what belongs to them. Talley is forced to resume the command he abandoned, where the stakes quickly evolve into a hostage situation far more volatile and terrifying than anything he could ever imagine. Unit Publicist for Hostage When a family is held hostage, former hostage negotiator Jeff Talley arrives at the scene, however, the tables turn on Talley when his own family is kidnapped and Talley must decide which is more important: saving a family he doesn't even know or saving his own family. There wealthy recluse Walter Smith's fortress villa is chose after a silly boasting game as next robbery target by maverick Mars Krupcheck, cocky Dennis Kelly and his dragged-along, basically decent kid brother Kevin. Walter gets shot, but his alarms alert he police and later shut down the compound, while his snooty daughter Jennifer foolishly flirts and smart kid son Tommy manages to hide and contact Talley, who initially planned to lay low. The chief dismisses the blundering FBI, forced by the kidnapping of his own family to go in and retrieve a mysterious secret file for a shady but mighty mastermind bunch. All plans are crosses by surprises, from the panicking amateur fiends, kids and Jeff. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jeff Talley (Bruce Willis), a former Los Angeles SWAT police negotiator, has moved to Bristo Camino, a small quiet town away from the big city. He now serves as the chief of police with a small force in a town that has very little crime. After ten years as a hostage negotiator, Jeff was just burned out and needed a quieter life, especially, after his last standoff ended in the death of the hostages. Three teenagers decide to simply steal an SUV from a wealthy accountant just for fun. What started out as a simple theft ended up with the death of a policewoman. The teenage thieves are trapped inside when police backup arrives at the house. The house is heavily fortified with armor and bulletproof glass for the owner's protection, but in this case, it protects the boys from the police. The boys take the family hostage, and Jeff must become something he never wanted to do again, be a hostage negotiator. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Inherent Vice (2014)541) In 1970, drug-fueled Los Angeles private investigator Larry "Doc" Sportello investigates the disappearance of a former girlfriend. During the psychedelic 60s and 70s Larry "Doc" Sportello is surprised by his former girlfriend and her plot for her billionaire boyfriend, his wife, and her boyfriend. A plan for kidnapping gets shaken up by the oddball characters entangled in this groovy kidnapping romp based upon the novel by Thomas Pynchon. bignicknasty97 1971. Larry Sportello - better known as Doc - is a pot head hippie private eye based in Gordita Beach in southern California. He is approached by ex-lover Shasta Fay Hempworth, who believes her current boyfriend, married land developer Mickey Wolfmann, is the target of an abduction attempt by his wife and her lover. In helping Shasta, Doc not only goes on a search for Wolfmann, but others who go missing, including Shasta, and one who is assumed to be murdered. Along the way, Doc gets involved with a crazy cast of characters and a wide array of issues from politics, cults, prostitution, the drug trade and dentistry, much of it surrounding the mysterious "Golden Fang". Along for most of the ride is LAPD detective Christian Bjornsen - Bigfoot to most who know him - who is straight-laced on the outside, but who has a dark underside, which is supported by a hefty therapy bill. Huggo Joaquin Phoenix stars as Larry "Doc" Sportello, a pot-smoking private eye at the tail end of the psychedelic '60s who investigates a kidnapping case involving his old flame Shasta Fay Hepworth (Katherine Waterston) and her missing sugar daddy Mickey Wolfmann (Eric Roberts), a powerful real-estate mogul. In the course of his investigation Doc butts heads with Lt. Det. Christian F. "Bigfoot" Bjornsen (Josh Brolin), a part-time actor with a palpable disdain for the free-love generation, and a reputation for committing civil-rights violations. Later, as clues to Wolfmann's disappearance begin to suggest a conspiracy involving the FBI and a mysterious underworld syndicate known as the Golden Fang, Doc seeks the help of his lawyer Sauncho Smilax, Esq. (Benicio Del Toro) and Deputy D.A. Penny Kimball (Reese Witherspoon). Meanwhile, Doc also agrees to search for Coy Harlingen (Owen Wilson), a reportedly deceased saxophone player who may not be as dead as rumors suggest, and who seems somehow tied to the ongoing Wolfmann investigation.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens on a rickety beach house. It is the year 1970 in Gordita Beach, a fictional town in Los Angeles. A young woman, Shasta Fay (Katherine Waterston), walks to this home; we are told she is the homeowner's "ex-old lady" and "Tonight she was all in flatland gear, hair a lot shorter than he remembered, looking just like she swore shed never look." These are passages from Thomas Pynchon's novel and this eloquent prose is inserted throughout the movie. Shasta's ex-boyfriend is revealed as Doc Sportello (Joaquin Phoenix), who is both a private investigator and a hippie/dope head who always seems a bit dazed and confused. Shasta tells him about her new lover, Mickey Wolfmann (Eric Roberts), and asks Doc to help prevent a plot by Mickey's wife and her lover to have Mickey abducted and committed to an insane asylum. He asks why she came to his place and she suspects she is being watched and by showing up at his home, it just looks like a secret rendezvous. Wolfmann is a wealthy real estate developer that Doc remembers from TV ads. He watches one where, in his drug-state, Wolfmann appears as Doc's arch rival, the police officer, Bigfoot. Doc calls his Aunt Reet, who tells him that Wolfmann is technically Jewish but wants to be a Nazi. He is associated with white supremacists and has a lot of ties to criminals. We meet Sortilge (Joanna Newsom) who is serving as our narrator. She tells Doc to change his hair; we later see it with pieces of blue ribbon tied into it. Doc meets with Tariq Khalil (Michael Kenneth Williams), a member of a Black Panther-esque group called the Black Guerilla Family, who hires Doc to help him find one of Mickey's bodyguards, Glen Charlock, a white supremacist who he met in jail who owes him money. Khalil discusses the history of Los Angeles land Mexicans losing their homes so the Dodger Stadium can be built, American Indians being kicked out for the Music Center, his own neighborhood gone to build Channel View Estates (Wolfmann's real estate). Doc writes on his pad with stoned out notes like PARANOIA ALERT and HALLUCINATING. Doc visits Channel View Estates, followed by dozens of police officers that do a poor job at remaining hidden. Doc enters the home, which ends up being a brothel. Behind a door with a cartoon drawing of a naked woman, a prostitute named Jade (Hong Chau) emerges and tells about the $14.95 special on eating pussy. She demonstrates on her colleague, Bambi, while Doc searches the premises for Charlock but he is knocked on the head by someone with a baseball bat and collapses, theatrically. He awakens outside, lying next to Charlock's dead body and surrounded by policemen. Doc is brought to the police station and interrogated by Det. Christian F. "Bigfoot" Bjornsen (Josh Brolin) of the LAPD who harshly interrogates about the murder of Charlock and the disappearance of both Mickey Wolfmann and Shasta Fay. Doc is helped by an attorney, Sauncho Smilax (Benicio Del Toro) but he is not an actual criminal lawyer and is willing to help the police or Doc indiscriminately. It is clear that Doc and Bigfoot have a love/hate relationship despite a deep respect for each other. A running joke is Bigfoot is always simulating oral sex on bananas or popsicles, which intrigues Doc in a nonjudgmental way. Bigfoot tries to get Doc to become an informant for the police but he does not want to. Doc is also hired by Hope Harlingen (Jena Malone), a former heroin addict who is looking for her missing husband, Coy, a saxophone player. She tells Doc about her own drug problems and how drugs have ruined her teeth and made her breasts hairy (she shows Doc a photo of her daughter at which he screams). She tells him she's now working as a drug counselor. Impersonating a patent lawyer, Doc makes his way to the Wolfmann residence and meets his wife, Sloane (Serena Scott Thomas), as well as her lover, the hunky yoga instructor, Riggs Warbling (Andrew Simpson). The house is run on debauchery including a housekeeper who is openly willing to perform sexual favors for guests. Doc tours the house and finds a closet filled with ties, each with a naked woman drawn on them. Each woman is a live-in houseguest one of them is his own ex-girlfriend, Shasta, who has now gone missing. Back at the police station, Doc expresses his distaste for the police and seems to be afraid of officers. Doc meets with Deputy D.A. Penny Kimball (Reese Witherspoon), who he also is having an affair with on the side. She asks him about Wolfmann and Sasha's disappearances and the murder of Charlock. She suggests maybe Doc has killed him given that he is always so drug-induced, he passes out and doesn't remember things; he has no defense against this hypothesis. She directs him to the FBI, who take him to an estate; among the guests is a man with a swastika on his face. Doc spots Coy Herlingen (Owen Wilson) there; the two speak privately about the Golden Fang, which Coy reveals is the name of a secret organization with shady business. It is also the name of their boat which is used to smuggle heroin into the country. While being questioned at the police station again, Doc mocks the two inept FBI agents conducting the interrogation, each picking their nose at different intervals (the film has an over-the-top goofy tone). When he leaves the station, the secretary, Petunia (Maya Rudolph), tells him he has a message. It is from Jade who apologizes for setting him up and tells him to be aware of the Golden Fang. That evening, Jade meets Doc in an alley where she explains about the Golden Fang, a group that is smuggling drugs into the country. He then runs into Coy Harlingen, who is not dead at all. Coy is a saxophone player in a local surf band who is hiding undercover at a house on Topanga Canyon no one recognizes him because he plays bass with the band that resides there. Coy disappears in the fog and Doc struggles to find his way out (a metaphor but also shows the world from his drugged-out point of view). Sauncho Smilax, the attorney, gives Doc more information on the Golden Fang, including the fact that it was stuck in the Bermuda Triangle for 50 years. Doc spots the boat in the ocean off-shore. Doc is watching a Richard Nixon rally on TV; Coy Harlingen appears on the screen, protesting Hitler's speech. When he talks to Coy about it, he learns that Coy dabbled in Communism years ago and that he is now a police informant. He explains that he fears for his life and now only wants to return to his wife and daughter. At his home, Doc receives a postcard from Shasta that reminds him of an experience they had there with a Ouija board. Sortilge is there, helping them use the board, but they don't seem to acknowledge her (flirting with the idea that she is a figment of Doc's imagination). The board spells out a phone number and when Shasta and Doc call it, it leads them to the Howdy Doper office downtown. They visit it in person but it is closed; they wait outside the building, snuggling up in the cold. Doc goes to the same building from his memory and waits in the office of a dentist, Dr. Rudy Blatnoyd, D.D.S. (Martin Short). Rudy is hedonistic, constantly having sexual relations with his staff and snorting cocaine. He is later joined by Japonica Fenway (Sasha Pieterse), a young 18-year-old girl, who is the daughter of a rich man named Crocker Fenway. She drives the group home, despite them all being high on cocaine; they are pulled over by a police officer who explains her headlights are off; Japonica says she doesn't need them because she can see in the dark. The officer continues, telling them that any group over three people may be indicative of a cult; a high Dr. Rudy worries that its Charles Manson again. The police officer lets them go, not realizing they are all obviously high on cocaine. The next morning, Bigfoot meets with Doc in a Japanese restaurant where he tells him that Dr. Rudy Blatnoyd has just been found dead with a neck injury fang bites. Bigfoot also informs Doc that there may be a link between Puck Beaverton (another one of Wolfmann's bodyguards) and Coy Harlingen. The two have a long conversation about how the city is changing for the worse Doc mentions extra work is drying up. Later, Doc watches television at home and sees Bigfoot working as an extra on a police television series "Adam-12" (in the vein of Dragnet). Doc goes to a casino several miles away to find Puck Beaverton. It is run by a sort of cult, including a man with a swastika on his face. Doc notices two FBI agents escorting Wolfmann through the premises; he manages to talk with him and learns that Wolfmann has given up on the state of the world and feels guilty for the negativity that his real-estate business has caused; he now is a happy member of the cult. When Doc returns to Los Angeles, he is greeted by Shasta who has returned. She says she was up north but he points out the puka shells she are wearing are from the beach. She confesses to being on a three-hour tour (i.e., on the Golden Fang) and that she was brought along as inherent vice. She admits to not knowing what this means. We are told by Sortilge in voice-over that inherent vice is listed as an insurance policy as something that will inevitably be damaged like chocolate which will melt or glass which will break. In other words, a sort of defect in a product, which will lead to it being deteriorated; if the defect is not noticeable and nobody has been warned of it, neither the insurance company or the insured are liable for any claim. Shasta and Doc engage in a conversation and when she emerges from another room, she is completely naked. Shasta says that Doc should pretend she is a Manson girl, easily duped and controlled by a man, all while rubbing her nipples. As their conversation continues, she rubs his leg, sexually, and then bends over the couch all in a long, six-minute unbroken shot. It concludes with them having sex. When she tells him "It doesn't mean we're back together," Doc replies, "Of course not!" Doc meets with Penny again at her office who is willing to provide him with confidential files he reviews them and learns that Adrian Prussia, a loan shark, is paid by the police department to kill people for them one of their victims was Docs former partner. Prussia is tied to the Golden Fang and he learns that Glen Charlock was involved with a deal which is how he ended up dead. Doc visits Adrian Prussia (Peter McRobbie) noticing his obsession with baseball bats, but is abducted and drugged by his partner Puck. He manages to escape, killing both Puck and Adrian. Bigfoot appears and rescues him but after being driven home by Bigfoot, Doc learns that he has been set up: Bigfoot has planted some smuggled heroin in his car. Doc successfully meets with Japonica's father Crocker (Martin Donovan) and arranges for the drugs to be returned to the Golden Fang in exchange for Coy's freedom. Sauncho and Doc go to the ocean and watch the Golden Fang becomes repossessed. Doc then picks up Coy from the retreat and drives him home where Coy is finally reunited with his family. The next day, Bigfoot breaks into Doc's house while he is smoking pot and offers him some. The troubled police detective takes a hit from Doc's joint, and then scarfs down the whole silver plate of the marijuana before walking out. The film ends as Doc and Shasta ride in a car going to an unknown destination. Doc states that this doesn't mean they are back together. She replies, jokingly, "Of course not." At the end of the closing credits is the quote, "Under the paving-stones, the beach!" 