nm0011480:

 Ten Minutes Older: The Cello (2002)Summaries Collection of short films the summaries of which include; a foreign man moving to Italy, getting married and having a child; a four split scene short involving plot-less images of old people with television sets for heads, a beautiful woman having sex, and overall confusion; and an old man reminiscing over his youth. kwedgwood@hotmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Gathering (2007 )Summaries As Dr. Michael Foster searches for his wife who disappeared without a trace, he unearths a cabal of witches in present-day New York. After a disturbing night, Dr. Michael Foster wakes up to find his wife, Ann, has vanished. The local people are most unhelpful, and the rumor mill whispers that Ann ran off with their daughter's attractive teacher. The only clues to Ann's disappearance are a bloody circle on a wall, a dying raven, and strange images of his daughter and Ann. In an attempt to piece those clues together, Michael uncovers Ann's involvement in an ancient sect composed of witches in modern day New York, who would do anything to dominate the world-- including murder. However, the closer Michael gets to finding his missing wife and uncovering the deadly truth, the more he finds that powerful people are involved in the mystery. Now, the only thing Michael can trust is that he cannot trust anyone. Will he find his wife in time, before they get him first? Letter B. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Project (2002 TV Movie)Summaries In 1992, a group of Labour activists, Paul, Maggie and Irne, are dismayed by yet another Labour defeat to a Conservative Government. They each wish to support Labour in different ways. Irne works for the BBC, Paul applies for a job in the Labour press office while Maggie volunteers for the party. Gradually, the Labour Party changes its tactics to spin their appearance. Paul rises up in the ranks while Maggie stands for her hometown and Irne notices the changes in media tack. At the next election, Labour sweep to power with Paul part of the media team and Maggie winning her seat. However, can the party maintain the approach desired by their grass root members or give in to the reality of politics as they have been playing it? bob the moo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Bill (19842010)Summaries Uniform officers and detectives from an inner London police station enforce law and order on a day to day basis. Uniform officers and detectives from Sun Hill police station enforce law and order on a day to day basis. A policeman's job is much more than just catching criminals; in order to survive each day they must deal with frustrating members of the public, and often their own colleagues. From petty thieves to violent drug dealers, life is never easy for the members of the Metropolitan Police Force. ttl It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 