nm0004965:

 Dazed and Confused (1993)651) The adventures of high school and junior high students on the last day of school in May 1976. It's the last day of school at a high school in a small town in Texas in 1976. The upperclassmen are hazing the incoming freshmen, and everyone is trying to get stoned, drunk, or laid, even the football players that signed a pledge not to. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> The end of the 1976 school year in a Texan small town is cause for celebration of the summer break. But first the Seniors are excited to chase the newbies, whom they may submit to merciless hazing, which for boys takes the stern-scorching form of no-nonsense spankings. However futile, attempts to escape are made, yet pointless for the members of the baseball team, which has to play that evening, before the partying, when alcohol is to anesthetize their seat-sting. Mitch Kramer (Wiley Wiggins) becomes the prime prey after his stupid sister actually asks the boys to go easy on him, which only senior quarterback Randall "Pink" Floyd (Jason London) does, while senior year-repeater Fred O'Bannion (Ben Affleck) adds frustration to his reputed zeal for spanking sorely sorry. KGF Vissers It's May 28, 1976, the last day of the academic year at Lee High School. Many of the kids are skipping classes, smoking weed, and thinking about the big keg party for the senior students at Kevin Pickford's (Shawn Andrews') house tonight, as his unwitting parents are going to be away for the evening. High on the mind of star football quarterback Randall "Pink" Floyd (Jason London) is the pledge the coach wants all the returning players to sign vowing that they won't do drugs or drink during the summer break so as not to jeopardize their upcoming supposed championship season. Pink is the only player who has not yet signed, he who is contemplating not if only because he feels it would impinge upon his individual rights. Today is also the traditional hazing day, where seniors traumatize the freshmen. Amongst all the freshmen, Mitch Kramer (Wiley Wiggins) is the biggest target if only because of a not so innocent request by his popular upperclassman sister, Jodi Kramer (Michelle Burke), to her male classmates. These thoughts and activities continue as day turns into night and as the keg party doesn't end up quite as planned, although the perspective may change as the activities progress. Huggo In a small Texas enclave, highlights the rites of passage on the last day of school in 1976 for the new, incoming freshmen at the hands of the class of 1977 at Robert E. Lee High School. Freshman boys are physically punished, while the girls largely face the brunt of verbal abuse and humiliation. Two main figures emerge. Incoming freshman Mitch Kramer (Wiley Wiggins) comes to a new realization in his role as a major target of senior hazing. And, amongst the seniors is Randall "Pink" Floyd (Jason London), the school's star quarterback, who moves with facile grace amongst groups of greasers, nerds, stoners, and athletes alike. Rick Gregory <rag.apa@email.apa.org> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens in May of 1976 on the last day of school at Lee High School somewhere in Texas. The junior class is looking forward to the summer season and also eager to become senior students in the Fall. Though the story doesn't have a central plot, it follows one day in the lives of several students and the trials and tribulation they go through making the transition from one grade to the next. Randall "Pink" Floyd is a quarterback for the school football team. Randall is a sort of bridge between the cool kids like his teammates and their girlfriends and the more average students whom he also hangs out with. Arriving for the last day he meets with his friend Don who reminds him they have to take a brief trip over to the junior high school to torment the 8th graders who will move up to their freshman year. A longstanding tradition has the newly-minted seniors chasing and torturing the new freshmen boys with paddles they've made themselves in wood shop. Don also hands Pink a slip of paper from their coach that every player is now required to sign: the document declares that no team player will do any drugs or drink alcohol. Though his teammates have signed with the intention of ignoring the new pledge anyway, Pink refuses, believing it to be another oppressive form of control. Pink is also harassed by his coach because he hangs out with friends who belong to the school's stoner crowd. Pink, Don, Benny and Melvin all pile into Benny's pickup and drive to the junior high. Also joining them is O'Bannion, a senior who flunked out and is returning. Benny announces to the students in the junior high over his CB radio that they'll be gunning for all the new freshmen. If the kids voluntarily give themselves up right after school, they'll only be paddled a single time. If they run, then it's open season all summer. Right before they left, Jodi, older sister to Mitch, had asked the guys to go easy on Mitch, which Benny immediately dismisses. Mitch is directly named by Benny and his friends tell him to take off in a different direction to take the heat off themselves. As school finishes up, Mitch asks his teacher, on behalf of his friends Carl, Tommy and Hirschfelder, if he'll let them go early to avoid the seniors gunning for them. Their teacher gives them a speech telling them to man up because he had to while a soldier in Vietnam. When the boys try to sneak out, they bolt for the car that Hirschfelder has procured for them from his brother and race off with Benny and O'Bannion in hot pursuit. Carl and Mitch are dropped off at Carl's parents' house. O'Bannion grabs them both and is about to paddle them when Carl's mother bursts out the front door pointing a shotgun. O'Bannion retreats, yelling he'll get them later. The freshmen girls also receive their own vicious hazing from the senior women. They're forced to put infant pacifiers in their mouths, conduct air raid drills (they have to fall on the ground quickly or be forced to repeat the action), are covered in ketchup, mustard and flour and ask the senior men present humiliating questions. They're later taken in the back of a pickup to a local car wash and go through the cleaning cycle. After they're dropped off at home, one of their number, Sabrina, is asked by Jodi to come hang out with them that night. Sabrina agrees. At Kevin Pickford's house, his girlfriend Michelle, Pink and their friend Slater hang out and smoke weed. Pickford's parents suddenly inform him that a guy delivering kegs of beer is out in front of the house. Pickford had been planning a large keg party while his parents would be out of town on vacation. He's able to talk the delivery guy into leaving but his parents tell him their vacation is cancelled. The group will have to come up with a new plan to throw a party. That night Mitch has to pitch for his local little-league baseball team, with Benny, Melvin, O'Bannion and Pink watching and taunting him from the stands. Stalling on the mound doesn't work very well and Mitch throws his final strike to give his team the game. As he walks out the gate in right field, the guys are waiting for him. He's given a vicious beating while bent over the hood of a car. Pink happens by and makes like he'll get his licks in but he spares Mitch, even offering him a ride home. He relates his own story from three years ago when he got the same treatment. However, he invites Mitch to hang out with him that night, advising him that if he shows up it'll show the seniors that the beating really doesn't bother him that much. Pink also tells him to sit on some ice for a couple of hours to ease the pain. Pink arrives at Mitch's house later in a 1970 Chevy Chevelle driven by a friend, Wooderson, a former student at the school who dropped out and works for the city. They drive to their local hangout, a pool hall called The Emporium. Though most people at first seem a bit suspicious of Mitch, he's eventually accepted. He goes out on a run with Pink, Don and their friend Pickford. Cruising at high speed, they destroy a few mailboxes with stolen trash cans and encourage Mitch to throw a bowling ball through the back window of a parked car. The brazen act seems to up Mitch's points with the guys. When they return to the Emporium, Melvin gives Mitch some money to go out and buy him a six-pack. Mitch is able to bluff the clerk at the store and returns triumphantly with the beer. Wooderson spreads the word that there'll be a keg party at a place called the Moon Tower in a few hours. Meanwhile, Sabrina drives around with some the senior girls. They eventually bring her to the Emporium where Mitch catches up with her. She tells him that his friend Hirschfelder got caught by Don, Benny & O'Bannion and was mercilessly paddled. Mitch comes up with a plan: he gathers his friends and has them help him lure O'Bannion outside when the word is spread that Carl has been captured and awaits a paddling. O'Bannion stakes is claim and is ready to beat Carl mainly for the shotgun the boy's mother pulled on him when he's hit by paint thrown on him by Carl's friends. Humiliated, O'Bannion leaves the scene while his friends smirk, roaring out in his Duster. Some of Pink's other friends, Mike, Tony and Cynthia ride around in Cynthia's car, discussing what their futures might hold for them. Mike had wanted to be a lawyer and work for the ACLU but has second thoughts and nervously admits he'd like to be a dancer. Mike is nervous about going to Pickford's party but they all retreat when they get to the house and his father answers the door. At the Moon Tower, the party goes into full swing and everyone becomes pleasantly drunk. Benny confronts Pink about his refusal to sign the coach's loyalty agreement. Benny thinks Pink is only thinking of himself and doesn't care about the team. Pink explains that he'll play for the team but not under oppressive rules. One of the drunken senior women, Darla, tries to get Sabrina, who has been hanging out with Tony, to perform an air raid. Sabrina, having already gone through the afternoon's humiliation, is told by Tony she doesn't have to do anything Darla says. Mitch climbs the tower with some of the guys, who tell him that other freshmen have gotten drunk and fallen off the tower. Slater, an eternal stoner, pontificates on the possibility that George Washington may have grown massive fields of marijuana as a cash crop for the Southern states - in truth, Washington grew fields of hemp both for rope-making and the oil. Mike walks past a group of guys led by Clint, while he works on his Pontiac Firebird. Mike remarks that he can smell the weed their smoking and Clint takes offense. Mike is shaken by the threat and later, while he's semi-drunk, takes a cheap shot at Clint, knocking him down. Clint retaliates and pins Mike to the ground, hitting him a few times until Pink and Wooderson break it up. Mike runs off with Cynthia, who drives them to a remote spot and takes care of him. The two of them make out. Mitch leaves the party with a sophomore girl and ends up lying out on a blanket under the stars making out. When he arrives home at dawn, his mother catches him. She tells him he gets one "get out of jail free card" but will be in trouble the next time he comes home at dawn. Pink, Wooderson, Slater and Don join Simone and Shavonne at the 50 yard line of the school's football field to smoke a joint and wait out the rest of the night. While there, Don talks about how it's important to have a reputation and enjoy life before graduating. Wooderson come back from retrieving some rolling papers from Pink's car with the coach's document. Pink finalizes his refusal to sign it. Just then, a police car shines its spotlight on them and they're ordered to get off the field. Pinks coach shows up at dawn and admonishes Pink for not signing the document and for hanging out with the stoner crowd. Pink stands up to his coach and tells him he'll play for the team but won't sign the paper. The coach leaves in a huff. The gang go with Wooderson to Houston to buy tickets for the big Aerosmith concert that's coming up. They drive down the highway while "Slow Ride" by Foghat plays. 
 The Prophecy (1995)431) At the scene of a bizarre murder, L.A. homicide detective Thomas Dagget discovers a lethal heavenly prophecy now being fulfilled on earth. In his fight to stop the forces of evil, he finds an unlikely ally in an elementary school teacher. At the scene of a bizarre murder, L.A. homicide detective Thomas Dagget discovers a lethal heavenly prophecy now being fulfilled on earth. Yet in his fight to stop the forces of evil, led by the powerful angel Gabriel, Dagget finds an unlikely ally in an elementary school teacher. Together they race against time and terror to save the world as we know it. "Some people lose their faith because Heaven shows them too little," says Thomas Daggett. "But how many people lose their faith because Heaven showed them too much?" Daggett nearly became a priest; now he's a cop. He may want to put religion behind him, but one morning a weird, eyeless, hermaphroditic corpse turns up. Suddenly he is on a path that will put him right in the middle of a war in Heaven. And once again, Heaven will show him too much: gore, blood, charred flesh, living corpses and much worse. Even more central to the heavenly war effort is a young girl. This American Indian child has something Gabriel wants. And Gabriel is willing to kill her and anyone in his path - or even reanimate a corpse or two - to get it. J. Spurlin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the prologue, Thomas Dagget (Elias Koteas) is about to be ordained as a priest, but he is stricken by horrific visions of angels at war with each other. Several years later, Thomas, having lost his faith and abandoned the church, is a detective with the Los Angeles Police Department. Two angels fall to Earth: one, Simon (Eric Stoltz), warns Thomas of coming events, before disappearing. The second, Uziel (Jeff Cadiente), tracks Simon down and attempts to kill him, but is killed himself. Investigating the disturbance, Thomas goes to Simon's apartment and finds an obituary for a recently deceased Korean War veteran named Arnold Hawthorne. Thomas finds a copy of a theology text that he himself wrote years ago. In Chimney Rock, Simon finds the veteran and removes the soul from the body. The medical examiner informs Thomas that Uziel's body is like nothing he has seen before: it has no eyes, no signs of bone growth, hermaphroditism, and the same blood chemistry as an aborted fetus. Among the personal effects found on the body is an ancient, hand-written Bible, which includes a Twenty-Third chapter of the Book of Revelation - a chapter that does not exist in any other version. Thomas translates the chapter and learns of a second war in Heaven, instigated by a group of angels who refused to accept God's elevation of man over all other creatures, including angels. The chapter includes a prophecy that a "dark soul" will be found on Earth that can be used as a terrible weapon. Unknown to Thomas, Gabriel (Christopher Walken) has arrived on Earth. Needing a human helper, Gabriel recruits Jerry (Adam Goldberg), who has been in a state of limbo ever since Gabriel prevented him from dying when he committed suicide. Jerry retrieves Uziel's belongings from the police station while Gabriel destroys Uziel's body in the morgue. After finding Hawthorne's obituary, Gabriel and Jerry head for Chimney Rock, Arizona, where Hawthorne lived. Before Gabriel arrives, Simon befriends a little girl, Mary (Moriah Shining Dove Snyder), and passes the soul on to her in order to hide it from Gabriel. Mary immediately falls ill and is taken care of by her teacher, Katherine (Virginia Madsen). After finding Uziel's body, Thomas decides to go to Chimney Rock. Gabriel and Jerry locate Hawthorne's body, but the soul is gone. Gabriel locates Simon by scent and confronts him at the school; Simon refuses to tell him where he hid the soul. Gabriel says Hawthorne's soul will end the stalemate, tipping the balance to whichever side possesses it. He then kills Simon by setting him aflame and ripping the heart from his chest. Mary begins showing signs of being possessed by Hawthorne's soul. Meanwhile, Thomas arrives in Chimney Rock, examines Simon's remains, and questions Katherine. He searches Hawthorne's home and finds evidence of a court martial in which Hawthorne was accused of a number of war crimes, including cannibalism. Thomas visits a church to reflect and is shaken by a confrontation with Gabriel. Katherine arrives at school the next day to find Gabriel questioning the children. He leaves, and she rushes to Mary's home to find Thomas there. Mary's condition is worsening. Katherine takes Thomas to an abandoned mine where she saw Gabriel's car parked. Inside, they find angelic script on the walls and they experience a vision of a battlefield strewn with dead angels. Thomas and Katherine rush back to Mary's home. Gabriel and Jerry are there, and Gabriel is attempting to extract the soul. Thomas kills Jerry, and Katherine blows up Mary's trailer home by shooting a propane cylinder. Mary informs Thomas that angels aren't immortal on Earth; they can be killed by tearing out their heart. Katherine takes Thomas and Mary to a Native American site where a ritual is to be performed to expel Hawthorne's soul from Mary. Gabriel recruits another "assistant", Rachael (Amanda Plummer), from the terminal unit of the ICU at a nearby hospital. That night, as Mary starts to undergo her exorcism, Katherine is confronted by Lucifer (Viggo Mortensen) himself. Lucifer tells Katherine that "other angels" have taken up this war against mankind, and since then, no human souls have been able to "meet their maker". He knows of Gabriel's plot to use Hawthorne's soul to overthrow the agents of Heaven, and he knows that if Gabriel wins, his "new" Heaven will ultimately devolve into another Hell, resulting in unwanted competition. The next day, Lucifer appears to Thomas and advises him to use Gabriel's lack of faith against him. Gabriel arrives and attempts to disrupt the ritual. Thomas stops him, kills Rachael and then subdues Gabriel. As the ritual continues, Lucifer appears and confronts Gabriel, ripping out the angel's heart and devouring it. Once the tribal ancestors complete the exorcism, Hawthorne's soul is expelled from Mary and destroyed. With the threat eliminated, Lucifer asks Thomas and Katherine to "come home" with him, but they refuse. The film closes with Lucifer returning to Hell, and Thomas commenting on the nature of faith and what it means to truly be human. 
 Saving Private Ryan (1998)761) Following the Normandy Landings, a group of U.S. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action. Opening with the Allied invasion of Normandy on 6 June 1944, members of the 2nd Ranger Battalion under Cpt. Miller fight ashore to secure a beachhead. Amidst the fighting, two brothers are killed in action. Earlier in New Guinea, a third brother is KIA. Their mother, Mrs. Ryan, is to receive all three of the grave telegrams on the same day. The United States Army Chief of Staff, George C. Marshall, is given an opportunity to alleviate some of her grief when he learns of a fourth brother, Private James Ryan, and decides to send out 8 men (Cpt. Miller and select members from 2nd Rangers) to find him and bring him back home to his mother... J.Zelman After the invasion of fortress Europe on June 6th 1944, Cpt. Miller leads his squad from the 2nd Ranger Battalion of the 29th Infantry Division, on a mission to find and bring home Private James Francis Ryan after the death of his brothers. The mission takes them through Nazi occupied territory to establish contact with Ryan's unit, an element of the 101st Airborne Division. This exciting war thriller brings the reality of history's bloodiest war into the homes of ordinary people, but also brings to light the reality of broken and lost families in a time of total and encompassing war. Pvt. Maher, HHC 29th Aviation Brigade, 29th Infantry Division, Aberdeen Proving Grounds, MD The film opens with the Allied invasion on the Normandy beach on June 6, 1944. Cpt. Miller and members of the 2nd Ranger Battalion fight to secure the beachhead. During the invasion, two brothers are killed in action. Earlier, the third brother was killed in New Guinea. The mother of the brothers is about to recieve the grave telegrams at the same day. The United States Army Chief of Staff, George C. Marshall, is given an opportunity to alleviate some of her grief when he finds out that there was also a fourth brother, Private James Ryan, who went missing somewhere in France. He sends Cpt. Miller and seven other people from the 2nd Ranger Battalion to go look for him and bring him back to his mother. ahmetkozan During WWII, Chief of Staff, General Marshall is informed that three of a woman's sons have been killed and that she's going to receive the notifications of their demise at the same time. And when he learns that a fourth son is still unaccounted for, the General decides to send a unit to find him and bring him back, despite being told that it's highly unlikely that he is still alive and the area that he was known to be at is very dangerous. So the unit consisting of 8 men are sent to find him but as stated it's very dangerous and one by one, they are picked off. Will they find him and how many of them will still be alive? rcs0411@yahoo.com Following the Allied invasion of Normandy, two brothers lay dead in the wake of the onslaught. Meanwhile, in New Guinea, a third brother has been killed fighting the Japanese. After the Army General Staff learns that a fourth brother is missing in the French countryside, a rescue mission is ordered to find the young soldier and return him safely home. The mission is mounted by a veteran Ranger Captain commanding a squad of men who have mixed feelings about risking their lives to "Save Private Ryan". Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An American flag back-lighted by the afternoon sun gently flaps in the breeze. The camera pulls back to reveal the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial on the English Channel in the north of France. An elderly man ( Harrison Young ) approaches the cemetery and walks among the rows of gravestones, which are mostly marble crosses, with an occasional Star of David marking the grave of a Jewish soldier. He is accompanied by his wife, his daughter and her husband, and three teenage granddaughters. He searches the crosses and stops at a specific one, where he falls to his knees, crying. His family walks up behind him and tries to comforts him. The camera slowly zooms in on his face, stopping at an extreme close up of his eyes. June 6, 1944, Omaha Beach, Dog Green Sector: On the choppy waters of the English Channel, American Ranger soldiers are headed to Omaha Beach in landing vehicles. The captain of one unit, John H. Miller ( Tom Hanks ), tells his men to, upon landing, "clear the murder holes" and check their rifles for sand and water when they exit the boats. Miller's right hand shakes nervously. The moment the landing ramp at the front of the boat opens, a number of men are immediately struck down by machine gun fire from concrete German bunkers and machine-gun nests built into the cliffs overlooking the beach. To avoid the machine gun fire, other men jump over the gunwales of the landing boats and into the surf. Some drown under the weight of their heavy gear, others are hit by enemy fire underwater. Upon gaining the beach, many take refuge behind the wooden landing craft obstacles and the thin flanks of the steel tank obstacles blocking approaches to the beach, which offer almost no protection from incoming fire and mortar rounds. As Miller crawls up the sand, a mortar shell hits nearby and the blast temporarily stuns him, knocking his helmet off. Miller's is stunned and his hearing is reduced to a dull, muddled noise. He watches as men around him are hit by bullets or the blast of mortar rounds, or are simply too scared to move. One private looks Miller in the eye and asks him what to do. Miller's hearing slowly returns and he orders his sergeant, Mike Horvath ( Tom Sizemore ) to move his men up the beach and out of the line of enemy fire. As Miller staggers up the beach, he drags a wounded man. The man is hit by a mortar blast and is killed; Miller suddenly discovers that he's been dragging less than half the man's dismembered remains. The German barrage kills most of the US Army troops and leaves twice as many wounded; many of the wounded are eviscerated or missing limbs and slowly bleed to death on the beach, despite the efforts of medics to treat them. Whomever is left in Miller's platoon assembles at a sandbar that provides very little cover from the German bombardment. Miller orders his men to use "bangalore" explosives to clear out the barbed wire and mines behind the sandbar for their advance. The men make it to the nearest concrete bunker where a machine gun nest on a nearby cliff keeps them from moving further. After sending a few of his men into the fire zone where they're cut down immediately, Miller has his sniper, Pvt. Daniel Jackson ( Barry Pepper ), run into the fire zone and take out the men in the machine gun nest with two precise shots. Jackson's efforts are successful and Miller moves his men behind the bunker where a soldier with a flamethrower sets the bunker ablaze. On the beach, one soldier yells to the others to let the German soldiers burn to death as they jump out of the bunker. Miller's men engage other German soldiers in the trenches behind the bunker, quickly creating an exit route from Omaha for the rest of the battalion. Miller also watches as a few men mercilessly execute a few surrendering German and Czech soldiers. Pvt. Adrian Caparzo ( Vin Diesel ) finds a Hitler Youth knife which he gives to his friend, Pvt. Stanley Mellish ( Adam Goldberg ) (a Jew); Mellish begins to sob. Horvath collects a handful of dirt in a small metal can marked "France" and puts it into his haversack alongside cans marked "Italy" and "Africa". Horvath comments to Miller that the beach commands "quite a view"; it is covered with the bodies of thousands of dead and wounded American soldiers. On the backpack of one of them is the name "S. Ryan". At the War Department in the United States, rows of secretaries are typing death notices to be sent to the families of the men killed in various battles around the world. One of the women typing discovers three letters for three men from the same family. The three men are all brothers from the Ryan family of Iowa and their mother will receive all three letters at the same time. The fourth and youngest son of Mrs. Ryan, James Francis, is part of the 101st Airborne Division, dropped into Normandy ahead of the beach invasion and his whereabouts are unknown. The letters are brought to the attention of General George Marshall ( Harve Presnell ) who, after reading a poignant letter sent by Abraham Lincoln to a family under similar circumstances during the Civil War, orders his officers to find James and have him brought home immediately. Back in Normandy, three days after D-Day, Miller meets with his commanding officer and reports on a difficult mission that cost the lives of many of his men. Lieutenant Colonel Anderson ( Dennis Farina ) gives him new orders; Miller is tasked with taking a squad into Normandy to find Pvt. James Francis Ryan and bring him back. Miller gathers what men he can and finds Corporal Timothy E. Upham ( Jeremy Davies ) in the camp press box to accompany the squad as a translator - Upham speaks fluent French and German, to replace his previous interpreter. The squad sets out in the French countryside. Upham tries to talk to Mellish and Caparzo but, because he's the "new guy" in the squad, finds them unfriendly and even insulting, despite his higher rank. The squad's medic, Irwin Wade ( Giovanni Ribisi ), asks Upham about a book he plans to write about the bonds of friendship among soldiers (which Mellish immediately mocks). Richard Reiben ( Edward Burns ), a hotheaded private from Brooklyn, questions the mission, wanting to know if the effort to find Ryan is worth the lives of men who should be fighting more important battles to liberate France and Europe. Miller himself is also skeptical about the mission but understands that his current orders are more important and encourages his squad to discuss the mission. The squad arrives in a small French village where Army units are currently at a standstill with the German forces they're fighting. Miller asks the nearest sergeant if Ryan is among his unit, but he's not. In an attempt to get information from the Army unit on the other side of town, they send a runner across the battlefield. The runner is cut down almost immediately. They cross the town via some side roads and come across a French family trying to escape their bombed home, but are trapped in the crossfire. The father insists the squad take his young daughter to safety; Miller refuses but Caparzo steps out from cover to take her, against orders. He is shot in the chest by a sniper and falls, still alive, caught in the open. The squad takes cover, unable to pull Caparzo to safety. Jackson quickly identifies the town's bell tower as the sniper's likely shooting position. He finds a nearby pile of rubble that he uses for cover to take out the sniper. As the sniper looks for another target among the squad, he sees Jackson a moment too late, and is shot through his own scope. Caparzo dies, having bled to death. Miller looks down on his body and harshly tells his men that this is why they follow orders and "don't take children." Wade retrieves a blood-stained letter from the body that Caparzo had been writing to his father. In another part of the village, the squad and the other soldiers sit down inside a bombed building to rest. A sergeant sends one of his men to find their CO. When the sergeant sits down, he knocks over a weakened brick wall that reveals a squad of German soldiers inside the building. A standoff ensues, with both sides aiming their weapons at each other, and both demanding the other put down their guns. The impasse is unexpectedly ended when the Germans are cut down by machine-gun fire from the unit's Captain ( Ted Danson ) and the soldier sent to find him. Miller asks the captain if he has a Pvt. James F. Ryan in his unit. The captain confirms that he does, and Ryan ( Nathan Fillion ) is brought to Miller who tells him his brothers are dead. The man breaks down and asks how they died and Miller tells him they were killed in combat. Ryan is incredulous, telling Miller that his brothers are still in grade school. Miller confirms the man's full name, and learns that he is James "Frederick" Ryan from Minnesota; Miller, exasperated, tells Ryan he's sure his brothers are just fine. From another private being treated for a leg wound, also from the 101st, the squad learns that the Airborne's rallying point is nearby and that Ryan may have gone there. The squad spends a few hours resting in a church. Wade rewrites the blood-stained letter Caparzo wanted to send to his father. Horvath and Miller talk about how many men Miller has lost under his command. Miller accepts that men die in combat for the greater good. Cpl. Upham talks to the captain about a betting pool the men have going where they try to guess Miller's occupation before the war began. Upham and Miller come to a humorous silent agreement that when the pool is big enough, Miller will tell him the answer. The squad arrives at a rally point near a wrecked troop glider. The rally point is filled with dozens of wounded GIs. Sitting among the men is the pilot of the glider who tells them he doesn't know where to find Pvt. Ryan. The pilot's glider went down after being towed because steel plates had been welded to its underside to protect a general he was transporting, making the glider too heavy to fly. The glider crashed, killing the general. The squad reflects on the efforts to protect only a single man. The pilot gives Miller a bag full of dog tags taken from dead soldiers. Miller has his men go through them looking for Ryan. They do so rather callously while men from Army Airborne units march by. Wade walks over and starts snatching up the tags, muttering that his comrades are acting rather coldly in front of the passing Airborne soldiers. Miller concludes that Ryan isn't among them and in a minor fit of desperation, begins to question the passing soldiers, asking if any of them know Ryan. He gets lucky with one man who is from Ryan's unit and has lost his hearing from a grenade blast, so he yells his answers. The man tells him that Ryan was assigned to a mixed unit that's guarding a bridge across the Merderet River in the nearby village of Ramelle. Miller determines that the bridge is of vital importance to the Army and the Germans because it will allow either to drive their tank units across the water. The squad sets out again. They spot two dead GIs in a field and confirm that none of them are Ryan. Miller and Horvath spot a machine gun nest near a partially destroyed radar dish. Though it would be easier, as Reiben suggests, to keep their distance from the machine gun and slip quietly around it, Miller resolves to take out the German's position so that the next Allied unit will not be surprised and killed. The squad is opposed to the plan, but he won't relent, and gives them their assignments. Upham is instructed to stay behind with their gear. The squad attacks the machine gun emplacement, while Upham watches through one of Jackson's rifle scopes. When the skirmish is over, the men yell frantically for Upham to bring their gear. When Upham reaches them, he sees that Wade has been shot several times in the lower chest and is rapidly bleeding to death. The men frantically try to save his life but Wade dies, saying he wants to go home. One of the Germans ( Joerg Stadler ) is captured alive and in retribution, the squad rushes around him, beating him. Miller is undecided how to dispose of the German POW, and orders that he dig graves for Wade and the two GIs they saw in the field. When Upham protests that prisoners aren't to be treated like slaves, Miller coldly orders Upham to help the German. As the German digs the graves, Miller sits off to one side where he cries, his right hand shaking again. He slowly recovers his composure and returns to the squad. Miller's squad wants to kill the remaining German, excepting Upham, who has mildly befriended the German while he dug the graves. The German begs for his life, insisting he loves America, saying "Fuck Hitler!!". The men are unmoved and prepare their weapons to kill him when Miller intervenes. He blindfolds the German and, to the astonishment of the squad, lets the man walk off, directing Upham to tell him to surrender to the next Allied unit. Reiben in particular is offended by Miller's compassion and threatens to desert, saying that their mission has gotten two of their comrades killed. Horvath orders Reiben to fall into formation and threatens to shoot him. The entire squad begins to argue heatedly and Miller suddenly asks Upham the total of the pool on him. Miller reveals that he's an English composition teacher in a small Pennsylvania town. The men stop arguing, completely astonished. Miller says the war has changed him and he's not sure if his wife will recognize him and if he'll be able to resume his former life when he returns home. He reasons that if finding and bringing Ryan back ensures that he'll be able to get home sooner, then it's his job to complete the mission. The squad finishes burying Wade and the other GIs together. The exhausted squad approaches Ramelle. While crossing a field, they spot a German half-track. Miller orders everyone to take cover while the vehicle passes. The half-track is suddenly hit by bazooka fire. Miller's squad is momentarily confused, uncertain who is firing, but moves in and kills Germans as they attempt to escape the destroyed vehicle. A small group of American soldiers emerge from their positions in the field and identify themselves as paratroopers from various Airborne units. One of them identifies himself as Pvt James Ryan ( Matt Damon ) . In the ruins of the village of Ramelle, Miller's squad learns that Ryan and his comrades are guarding one of two remaining bridges across the Merderet River. Their commanding officer had been killed a few days before. Miller tells Ryan that his three brothers are dead and that he's been given a ticket home. Ryan is devastated by the news of his family but refuses to leave, saying that it's his duty to stay with his unit and defend the bridge until relief arrives. Ryan says his mother would understand his desire to remain at the bridge with the "only brothers [he] has left." Miller can't change Ryan's mind. Miller and Horvath reflect on Ryan's refusal and they decide to stay and help the unit defend the bridge. The half-track they destroyed was part of a German probe to investigate the forces guarding the bridge so the unit knows the Germans will mount a large assault. Miller inventories their few remaining weapons and supplies and outlines a plan to lure German tanks on the main street of Ramelle, where the rubble from destroyed buildings creates a narrow choke point that will channel the armor and German troops into a bottleneck and allow their unit to flank the Germans. Their plan includes Reiben riding out on a German half-track motorcycle to lure the German unit into the bottleneck. Miller suggests they improvise "sticky bombs," socks stuffed with Composition B explosives and coated with grease. They'll use the sticky bombs to blast the treads off one of the tanks, turning it into a roadblock. Upham is given the job of running ammunition to the two Browning machine gun positions manned by Mellish and 101st paratrooper Parker ( Demetri Goritsas ). Jackson and Parker take position in the church tower to provide sniper cover and for Parker to stand as a lookout, reporting on the German approach. The men wait for the Germans to arrive, listening to "Tous es Partout" by Edith Piaf, while Upham interprets -- his new comrades seem more accepting of him and listen intently while he translates, even joking him and recounting their own personal stories. Ryan tells Miller that he can remember his brothers but he can't see their faces. Miller suggests he "think of a context", something they've all done together. Miller tells Ryan when he wants to remember his wife, he thinks of her trimming rosebushes. Ryan tells the story of how he and his brothers nearly burned down the barn on their farm when they snuck up on their oldest brother, Danny, while he was trying to have sex with a local girl in the hayloft. James laughs and stops when he realizes that the incident was the last time they were all together, over two years ago, before any of them had gone to basic training. When Ryan asks Miller to tell him about his wife and the rosebushes, Miller politely refuses, saying that memory is for him alone. The squad feels the ground beginning to rumble, indicating that the German column has arrived. Jackson signals from the church tower that there are two Panzer tanks (which turn out to be Marder III self-propelled guns) and two Tiger I heavy tanks. There are also at least 50 German troops. Miller orders everyone to their positions and Reiben rides out to act as "the rabbit" to lure the Germans into town. One of the Tiger tanks proceeds down the main street, and one of the soldiers attempts to plant a sticky bomb on the tank. He waits too long and the bomb blows up, killing him. The German troops following the tank are cut down by the soldiers and by mines planted along the sides. Two men plant the Comp B bombs on the wheels of the Tiger, blasting it's tread apart, eventually bringing it to a halt. When they advance on the tank to take out it's crew, they are fired upon by a small German squad with a 20 millimeter flak cannon that brutally takes out several more men. Ryan and Miller's squads open fire and shift positions several times during the battle. Though they take the Germans by surprise, several of the men are killed. Jackson is discovered in his perch and is hit by tank fire. Mellish and Corporal Henderson (Maximilian Martini) man a .30 caliber machine gun to cut off any flanking action by the Germans. Henderson is killed and then Mellish is attacked by a German soldier (Mac Steinmeier) who overpowers him in hand-to-hand combat, slowly driving a bayonet into Mellish's chest. Immediately outside the room on the stairs, Cpl. Upham sits, frozen with terror, unable to move to rescue Mellish. The German soldier kills Mellish and marches out, indifferent to the terrified Upham. Reiben is able to flank the 20mm cannon and takes out its operators. Sgt. Horvath is wounded during this time when he and another soldier corner each other. They each chuck helmets at each other, then shoot each other with their pistols. The German soldier here is killed and Horvath is injured. He grabs Upham and retreats when Miller orders everyone to cross the bridge to their "Alamo" position, where they'll make their last stand. The surviving 60-ton Tiger tank follows, unstoppable despite Horvath shooting several bazooka rockets at it. Horvath is shot in the chest as he pulls back and dies a few minutes later. Miller prepares to destroy the bridge when a shell from the Tiger hits the building behind him, blowing the detonator out of his hands. He staggers across the bridge to retrieve it and is shot in the chest by the same German soldier ( Joerg Stadler ) he'd set free at the radar station. Upham witnesses the shooting while hiding behind a pile of rubble. Miller falls, unable to continue. He draws his .45 pistol and begins to shoot vainly at the Tiger tank, which has begun to cross the bridge. After a few shots, the tank impossibly explodes. A small squadron of P-51 Mustang fighters suddenly zoom into view, having bombed the tank and several enemy targets. Reiben and Ryan rush to Miller's side and call for a medic. Upham, still on the other side of the bridge, is undetected by the enemy squad. He reveals himself and takes the entire squad prisoner. The man who shot Miller recognizes Upham and calls him by name. After a moment's hesitation, Upham fires his weapon for the first time, killing the man. The soldier's body thumps to the ground and Upham sharply orders the rest of the prisoners to disperse. As Miller lays dying, Ryan tells him that the Mustangs are "tank busters." Miller calls them "Angels on our shoulders." He beckons Ryan closer and with his dying breath, tells him "Earn this... earn it." In a voiceover, General George Marshall's voice reads a letter to Ryan's mother, informing her that her son is returning home. He quotes a passage from Lincoln's letter about the cost of war. Ryan stands looking at Miller's body. The camera focuses on Ryan's young face as it morphs into Ryan in the present. He is standing at Captain Miller's grave. He tells Miller that he hopes he's lived up to Miller's wish and been worthy of all that Miller and his men did for him. He asks his wife to tell him that he's led a good life and that he's a good man. The elder Ryan ( Harrison Young ) salutes Miller's grave. An American flag back-lighted by the afternoon sun gently flaps in the breeze. 
 A Beautiful Mind (2001)541) After John Nash , a brilliant but asocial mathematician, accepts secret work in cryptography, his life takes a turn for the nightmarish. From the heights of notoriety to the depths of depravity, John Forbes Nash, Jr. experienced it all. A mathematical genius, he made an astonishing discovery early in his career and stood on the brink of international acclaim. But the handsome and arrogant Nash soon found himself on a painful and harrowing journey of self-discovery. After many years of struggle, he eventually triumphed over his tragedy, and finally - late in life - received the Nobel Prize. Universal Pictures and DreamWorks Pictures At Princeton University, John Nash struggles to make a worthwhile contribution to serve as his legacy to the world of mathematics. He finally makes a revolutionary breakthrough that will eventually earn him the Nobel Prize. After graduate school he turns to teaching, becoming romantically involved with his student Alicia. Meanwhile the government asks his help with breaking Soviet codes, which soon gets him involved in a terrifying conspiracy plot. Nash grows more and more paranoid until a discovery that turns his entire world upside down. Now it is only with Alicia's help that he will be able to recover his mental strength and regain his status as the great mathematician we know him as today. rmlohner John Nash goes through a myriad of highs and lows from his time as a Mathematics student in graduate school at Princeton in the late 1940's to his Nobel Prize win for Economics in 1994. A brilliant but somewhat arrogant and antisocial man, Nash preferred to spend his time with his thoughts, which were primarily of seeing mathematical formula associated with everyday occurrences, than with people. Two people he did make a connection with were Charles, his roommate at Princeton, and Alicia Larde, one of his students when he was teaching at M.I.T. in the early 1950's. He and Alicia eventually marry. As time goes on, Nash lives more and more within himself which causes major problems in his life. But Alicia stands by her husband to his redemption to the Nobel Prize win. Nash learns that his graduate school colleagues, with whom he had a cordial but somewhat distant relationship, are closer friends than he imagined, although in his later life he really does miss Charles' company more than anything despite knowing that spending time with Charles is not in his or anyone's best interest. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. John Nash ( Russell Crowe ) arrives at Princeton University as a new graduate student. He is a recipient of the prestigious Carnegie Prize for mathematics. Though he was promised a single room, his roommate Charles ( Paul Bettany ), a literature student, greets him as he moves in and soon becomes his best friend. Nash also meets a group of other promising math and science graduate students, Martin Hansen ( Josh Lucas ), Sol ( Adam Goldberg ), Ainsley ( Jason Gray-Stanford ), and Bender ( Anthony Rapp ), with whom he strikes up an awkward friendship. Nash admits to Charles that he is better with numbers than people, which comes as no surprise to them after watching his largely unsuccessful attempts at conversation with the women at the local bar. Nash is seeking a truly original idea for his thesis paper, and he is under increasing pressure to develop his thesis so he can begin work. A particularly harsh rejection from a woman at the bar is what ultimately inspires his fruitful work in the concept of governing dynamics, a theory in mathematical economics. After the conclusion of Nash's studies as a student at Princeton, he accepts a prestigious appointment at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), along with his friends Sol and Bender. Five years later while teaching a class on Calculus at MIT, he places a particularly interesting problem on the chalkboard that he dares his students to solve. When his student Alicia Larde ( Jennifer Connelly ) comes to his office to discuss the problem, the two fall in love and eventually marry. On a return visit to Princeton, Nash runs into his former roommate Charles and meets Charles' young niece Marcee ( Vivien Cardone ), whom he adores. He also encounters a mysterious Department of Defense agent, William Parcher ( Ed Harris ). Nash is invited to a secret United States Department of Defense facility in the Pentagon to crack a complex encryption of an enemy telecommunication. Nash is able to decipher the code mentally to the astonishment of other codebreakers. Parcher observes Nash's performance from above, while partially concealed behind a screen. Parcher gives Nash a new assignment, to look for patterns in magazines and newspapers, ostensibly to thwart a Soviet plot. He must write a report of his findings and place them in a specified mailbox. After being chased by the Russians and an exchange of gunfire, Nash becomes increasingly paranoid and begins to behave erratically. After observing this erratic behavior, Alicia informs a psychiatric hospital. Later, while delivering a guest lecture at Harvard University, Nash realizes that he is being watched by a hostile group of people. Although he attempts to flee, he is forcibly sedated and sent to a psychiatric facility. Nash's internment seemingly confirms his belief that the Soviets were trying to extract information from him. He views the officials of the psychiatric facility as Soviet kidnappers. Alicia, desperate to help her husband, visits the mailbox and retrieves all of the never-opened, "top secret" documents that Nash had delivered there. When confronted with this evidence, Nash is finally convinced that he has been hallucinating. The Department of Defense agent William Parcher and Nash's secret assignment to decode Soviet messages was in fact all a delusion. Even more surprisingly, Nash's friend Charles and his niece Marcee are also only products of Nash's mind. After a painful series of insulin shock therapy sessions, Nash is released on the condition that he agrees to take antipsychotic medication. However, the drugs create negative side-effects that affect his relationship with his wife and, most dramatically, his intellectual capacity. Frustrated, Nash secretly stops taking his medication and hoards his pills, triggering a relapse of his psychosis. While bathing his infant son, Nash becomes distracted and wanders off. Alicia is hanging laundry in the backyard and observes that the back gate is open. She discovers that Nash has turned an abandoned shed in a nearby grove of trees into an office for his work for Parcher. Upon realizing what has happened, Alicia runs into the house to confront Nash and barely saves their child from drowning in the bathtub. When she confronts him, Nash claims that his friend Charles was watching their son. Alicia runs to the phone to call the psychiatric hospital for emergency assistance. Parcher urges Nash to kill his wife, but Nash angrily refuses to do such a thing. After arguing with Parcher, Nash accidentally knocks Alicia to the ground. Afterwards, Alicia flees the house in fear with their child, but Nash steps in front of her car to prevent her from leaving. After a moment, Nash realizes that Marcee is a figment of his hallucinations because she has remained the same age since the day he met her. He tells Alicia, "She never gets old." Only then does he accept that all three people are, in fact, part of his hallucinations. (It is important to note that in real life, Nash suffered from auditory hallucinations and possible delusions, instead of visual hallucinations). Caught between the intellectual paralysis of the antipsychotic drugs and his delusions, Nash and Alicia decide to try to live with his abnormal condition. Nash consciously says goodbye to the three of them forever in his attempts to ignore his hallucinations and not feed his demons. However, he thanks Charles for being his best friend over the years, and says a tearful goodbye to Marcee, stroking her hair and calling her "baby girl," telling them both he wouldn't speak to them anymore. Nash grows older and approaches his old friend and intellectual rival Martin Hansen, now head of the Princeton mathematics department, who grants him permission to work out of the library and audit classes, though the university will not provide him with his own office. Though Nash still suffers from hallucinations and mentions taking newer medications, he is ultimately able to live with and largely ignore his psychotic episodes. He takes his situation in stride and humorously checks to ensure that any new acquaintances are in fact real people, not hallucinations. Nash eventually earns the privilege of teaching again. He is honored by his fellow professors for his achievement in mathematics, and goes on to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics for his revolutionary work on game theory. Nash and Alicia are about to leave the auditorium in Stockholm, when John sees Charles, Marcee and Parcher standing and smiling. Alicia asks John, "What's wrong?" John replies, "Nothing." With that, they both leave the auditorium. (Source: WikiPedia. Bangs_McCoy) 