nm0002066:

 L.M. Montgomery's Anne of Green Gables: The Good Stars (2017 TV Movie)Summaries Author L.M. Montgomery's spirited heroine, Anne Shirley, faces numerous milestones, including first sleepovers, culinary misadventures and shifting relationships, all while embracing her inquisitive nature. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Anger Management (20122014)Summaries Ex baseball player Charlie is an anger management therapist with small group sessions at home. He has an OCD teen daughter, an ex-wife and a sex buddy/therapist. Divorced former baseball player Charlie Goodson is now an anger management therapist. He has a teenage daughter with obsessive-compulsive disorder and he has a purely sexual relationship with his therapist and best-friend Dr. Kate Wales. But soon his ex-wife and daughter become his past family, as they are being replaced by what is a non-official but real and much more close of a family to him: his anger management group. Naw Neine Charlie is a former baseball player. In his final game, he gave himself a career-ending injury when he tried to snap a bat over his leg in anger. He becomes an anger management therapist and runs a successful private practice. His life is complicated by an ex-wife and a teenage daughter who has obsessive-compulsive disorder. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cadence (1990)211) Charlie Sheen plays a rebellious inmate in an Army stockade. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It's the mid 1960s and for getting drunk and going AWOL after his father dies, Army Private Bean (Charlie Sheen), stationed in West Germany, gets 90 days in the stockade. Bean discovers that he is the only white in a block of black prisoners imprisoned for various crimes, some extremely serious. Master Sergeant McKinney (Martin Sheen, who also makes his directorial debut in this movie) commands the stockade and soon develops a dislike for Bean because Bean will not take sides against his fellow prisoners. Each day the prisoners are trucked to work on land near the stockade. In a corner of a field is a broken windmill which Bean becomes intrigued with and gets permission to repair during work breaks. Soon some of the other prisoners from the block start helping Bean with the windmill. But Sergeant McKinney's dislike of Bean keeps growing. The harder McKinney pushes, the more Bean digs in. Clearly things must come to a head. But who will come out on top? 
 Anne of Green Gables (2016 TV Movie)Summaries A retelling of L.M. Montgomery's story of Anne Shirley, an orphan who is accidentally sent to a couple looking to adopt a boy instead It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 