nm0000998:

 L.A.'s Finest (20192020)Summaries The spinoff series of Bad Boys films focuses on drug enforcement agent Sydney Burnett, now working for the Los Angeles Police Department. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Stranger Things (2016 )871) When a young boy disappears, his mother, a police chief and his friends must confront terrifying supernatural forces in order to get him back. In a small town where everyone knows everyone, a peculiar incident starts a chain of events that leads to the disappearance of a child, which begins to tear at the fabric of an otherwise peaceful community. Dark government agencies and seemingly malevolent supernatural forces converge on the town, while a few of the locals begin to understand that there's more going on than meets the eye. Charles J. When Will Byers suddenly goes missing, the whole town of Hawkins, Indiana, turns upside down. Many people are on the search for Will, including his mother (Joyce), his brother (Jonathan), his friends (Mike, Dustin and Lucas), the police chief (Jim Hopper) and other notable people. But one thing leads to another, creating a supernatural trail. And things get even weirder when a little girl with a shaved head comes into the story. After the mysterious and sudden vanishing of a young boy, the people of a small town begin to uncover secrets of a government lab, portals to another world and sinister monsters. The boy's mother (Joyce) desperately tries to find him, convinced he is in grave danger, while the police chief searches for answers. Trying to help find him, the boy's friends discover a strange little girl, who is on the run from "bad men". Fiona When Joyce's 12-year-old son, Will, goes missing, she launches a terrifying investigation into his disappearance with local authorities. As they search for answers, they unravel a series of extraordinary mysteries involving secret government experiments, unnerving supernatural forces and a very unusual little girl. Jwelch5742 Hawkins, Indiana, 1983. A young boy, Will Byers, goes missing near a top-secret government laboratory. On the same night, a strange young girl appears at a diner in the town. She has telekinetic powers and is on the run from the laboratory. The laboratory is researching supernatural phenomena and may have unwittingly unlocked a gateway to another dimension. grantss A love letter to the '80s classics that captivated a generation, 'Stranger things' is set in 1983 Indiana, where a young boy vanishes into thin air. As friends, family and local police search for answers, they are drawn into an extraordinary mystery involving top-secret government experiments, terrifying supernatural forces and one very strange little girl. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is November 16, 1983 in Hawkins, Indiana. Inside Hawkins National Laboratory, a scientist bursts out a door, running from something that isn't there. He runs to the elevator, tapping the floor button repeatedly, looking back and forth. He then gets in and taps the button again. He looks forward then up slowly, as he hears and sees something that we can't see. He is then pulled up as the elevator doors close, yelling loudly. We then see the Wheeler residence, as four friends--Mike Wheeler, Will Byers, Dustin Henderson, and Lucas Sinclair--play Dungeons & Dragons. We then see that the Demogorgon is played, as Will is pressured to cast Fireball. He rolls the die but it lands on the floor, with the group scrambling for it. Mike is then called by his mother, Nancy, to end the game. Meanwhile, the trio find it, but it is a 7, as only a 13 or higher can cast a Fireball, which means Will was eaten. Will then leaves, after telling Mike that it was a 7. Will rides his bike through the woods, passing by Hawkins Laboratory. He then sees something weird in front of him, as he accidentally falls down a steep hill and crashes. He then abandons his bike and runs to his house. He unlocks the back door to find nobody home, as the thing out back is probably chasing him. He tries to call his parents, but only weird breathing is heard. Something then unlocks the bolt on the door. Will then runs to the shed in the backyard, where he sees the thing. The light glows brightly and then fades, revealing no one there anymore. The next morning, November 17, Police Chief Jim Hopper wakes up shirtless. He then walks outside, enjoying the view and then prepares for work, smoking a cigarette. He then leaves. Will's mother, Joyce, and his brother, Jonathan, are arguing about if Will ever came home. It is then revealed that both were working; Jonathan took the night shift. Joyce then calls Nancy, and then asks if Will went home, she replies that he left around 8:00. They all conclude, including his friends, that Will probably left to go to school early. As they arrive, the trio are then bullied by Troy, the class bully, and an accomplice. Dustin is then picked on because of his condition, cleidocranial dysplasia, and his ability to flex bone. Lucas and Mike then acknowledge his ability. Two students, Nancy Wheeler, Mike's sister, and Barbara Holland, Nancy's friend, then discuss before school. Right after, Nancy's boyfriend, Steve, and she start making out in the bathroom. Nancy has to leave, while Steve asks if she would like to go anywhere, but she declines, having to study for her test. He then asks to come over at 8 pm, to which she reluctantly agrees. Hopper then arrives at the police station. The assistant, Flo, tells Hopper that Joyce can't find her son. Drunk, he ignores Flo, but goes anyway. He then types a police report on Will, labeling him as "missing." Joyce and Hopper don't instantly find a solution, as Joyce is trying to engage with him in a conversation, while Hopper is being unreliable. Three people then arrive at the Laboratory, where they are greeted by Dr. Martin Brenner, one of the Lab's key scientists. The four then put on hazmat suits, and go down the elevator to a dark room. While looking, they see black roots and flesh-like substances on the walls. They then come across a giant flesh-root substance on the wall. One of them asks about a girl; Brenner replies, "She can't have gone far." A girl wearing a hospital gown and with a shaved head is then seen walking through the forest, alone. She sees the owner of a restaurant walk out, and decides to go there. She enters without notice, but as soon as she eats the food, the owner comes and tries to stop her, but is surprised. Hawkins Middle School then ends. Dustin, Lucas, and Mike then ask one of the teachers, Scott Clarke, if the Heathkit Ham Shack radio had arrived. He says yes, due to them being prime members of the AV club. A school staff member then asks for them, as they are being questioned for the disappearance of Will. They are told to not investigate, for their safety. Joyce then goes to look for Will at his fort in the forest, Castle Byers. She then remembers getting him tickets to see the 1982 film Poltergeist. But in reality, he is nowhere there at all. Jonathan is there looking for him as well, both calling out to him. Meanwhile, the restaurant owner feeds the mysterious girl. He asks him if she escaped, to no answer. He then takes the food and asks her for her name, she replies "Eleven" after he asks what the tattoo "011" means. He then gives back the food and calls authorities to identify her. She then sees a fan and consciously stares at it; it stops. Hopper and his team then find Will's bike where it was, exactly in the same position. Brenner and others are then shown at the Laboratory tapping in on conversations. We then switch to Joyce trying to reach her ex-husband, Lonnie, but his girlfriend, Cynthia, answers and hangs up. She then calls a neighbor, but the answering machine beeps. Hopper then arrives and gives them Will's bike, and he reveals evidence that Will came home. The family dog then barks at the shed, while Hopper investigates. He finds something behind a shelf, and the light blinking until one of his deputies come in, scaring Hopper. He then announces a search party for them to announce to the citizens. Mike and his family start fighting over investing for Will, but his family says "No" by default, but his father enrages him and his mother, Karen. The search party is then shown in the forest. Hopper and Mr. Clarke then exchange a conversation regarding WIll, and then Sarah, her daughter. Clarke is then informed that her daughter had died long ago, with the saying "lives with her mom in the city" implies that she is buried there. Mike and Lucas then discuss over the comm radios that they have. Mike suggests that Will might've put himself in danger to protect the trio, instead of protecting them, leading to apparent sacrifice. Lucas and Mike then resolve to meet each other at 10. While Mike leaves, he sees Steve climbing the window to Nancy's bedroom, with her soon closing it. The owner, Benny Hammond, and 011 then exchange a little conversation, before Agent Connie Frazer, disguised as though she is from Social Services, arrives. 011, looking from a distance, sees Frazer shoot Benny in the head, killing him. She then kills two agents and escapes through the back door. Dustin, Lucas, and Mike are then going down the back road, Mirkwood. They cross the restricted area of the woods, with Mike telling Dustin to stay on channel 6, and to not do anything stupid. Steve and Nancy are then shown studying, with him reading index cards that Nancy needs to give answer to. Steve then suggests to strip off clothing for each one if Nancy gets it correct/incorrect. After she answers one wrong, they make out again on the bed, with Nancy asking if he was in it just for sex. He replies no, and then jokes around before getting back to studying. Joyce and Jonathan are then back at home on a bed, mourning over Will and his disappearance. Jonathan then remorsefully regrets that he should've been there for Will, which she tells him not to worry about it because it is not his fault. She then gets a mysterious phone call from, what we believe, Will, but it shorts out after she asks the unknown caller, "What have you done to my boy?", to which there is no one on the phone. They then try to console each other. Dustin, Lucas, and Mike then are shown going through the forest. They hear rustling and then see 011, to their surprise. They decide to take her to Mike's house, where they ask her miscellaneous questions. Mike then observes that she is scared and cold. She tries to change out of her wet shirt, but the trio are disgusted because of gender. Mike directs her to the bathroom, where she changes. Dustin and Lucas thinks she is paranoid, but Mike stays sane, telling them to keep it a secret. Mike then offers 011 a sleeping bag, where he nicknames her "El." They both then sleep. On November 18, Joyce and Jonathan discuss xeroxing a missing poster for Will when Hopper arrives, telling Joyce that Will hasn't been found, to her anger. She discusses the "phone call," with Hopper dismissing it as a prank albeit her pleads. Jonathan offers to go to Lonnie's instead of Hopper, but he says no instantly. Mike then tells El to get help, but she says no and implies "bad people" who want to kill her. Brenner then listens to Joyce's 9-1-1 call; the search party is still unsuccessfully looking. Steve then invites Nancy for a party, to which she agrees, but they react toxic toward Jonathan and Will. Dustin and Lucas, at school, don't see Mike, staying home to look after El. Jonathan, putting on The Clash's "Should I Stay or Should I Go?", remembers him and Will listening to it as he drives to Lonnie. Joyce, however, buys a new phone for free due to Jonathan having her money. A handyman, an agent for the Laboratory, verifies that the Byerses aren't home, as they see ooze dripping from the shed's walls. Meanwhile, while Max is showing her Yoda, El remembers being locked by Brenner into solitary confinement, with her calling him "Papa," confirming that she is the girl that he and others talked about before. She also recognizes Will when Mike shows her a picture of him. Meanwhile, Joyce sets up the new phone and waits for another call. Hopper investigate Benny's death, placed falsely like a suicide. Meanwhile, Jonathan visits Lonnie, confirming that Will is not there but that he is drunk. Jonathan angrily gives him the missing poster for Will due to his arrogance and drunk behavior. Lucas and Dustin angrily attempt to tell Karen about El after finding out that he spent all day with her, but she locks the door without arms, revealing her psychokinesis as well as a nosebleed. Hopper goes to the station to talk to the customer that was there when 011 arrived, he gives slight information but not enough to consider it other than a suicide, but he gives information on El, which Hopper mistakes for Will. Meanwhile, Karen and family, along with Mike, Dustin, and Lucas all have dinner. They are acting weirdly to contain the powerful surprise that kept them in. El then walks by, when Karen hears something, but Dustin fakes a spasm to successfully draw attention away. Meanwhile, the search party looks for Will, mistakenly for El, where they find the tag of El's hospital gown in one of the Laboratory's drain pipes. They then find the fence of the Lab. El, playing with Mike's radio, is given leftovers by Mike, where he gives the definition of friend, and a spit swear by Lucas. Barbara and Nancy then arrive at Steve's house, but Barbara is suspicious since two of Steve's "friends" had sex since seventh grade. Hopper wonders suspiciously about the events: The last missing person was in summer '23 and last suicide was in fall '61, long ago. El, later that night, tells them that Will is somewhere else, hiding from something terrible, characterized by the Demogorgon. Jonathan, with his camera, takes pictures of the scene near Will's bike. He hears screaming; he runs to find Steve and the others drinking and swimming, taking pictures of it, including Nancy having sex with Steve. Joyce then gets another "call" from Will, but it shorts again. "Should I Stay or Should I Go?" then starts playing in the house, with Joyce believing it a message, encountering something trying to go through the wall, but returns when music plays. Barbara, having cut her hand with a drop of blood in the water, is then taken by something outside, leaving nothing. Barbara wakes up in a place similar to the pool, but it is empty, everything is covered in black root, and it's cold. She is later dragged down by a creature, which appears to be an abnormal man with no face. Nancy, having sex, cannot seem to hear her as she is dragged down. Nancy, realizing that she is late, gets in trouble with Karen but she pushes her away, not letting her connect to her at all, stating that "nothing happened." Jonathan, after trying to communicate with Will via lights, tells her to stop. Simultaneously, Dustin, Mike, and Lucas prep to look for Will again, but go to school. Before leaving, Mike tells her to be there at 3:15; she repeats it as "Three-One-Five." Hopper, during the morning/afternoon, goes to Hawkins Laboratory and after an incident, is let in to investigate the drain via security tapes unsuccessfully. El, during this, watches a Coca-Cola commercial, flashing back to the Lab: Hooked up to an electroencephalograph machine, she crushes an empty Coke can with telekinesis, having a nosebleed after. On November 19, Joyce, finding Christmas lights, decides to set up an intricate system to indicate Will's position, but runs out. She stocks up on them at the store, and decides to check. Meanwhile, Hopper is convinced that they are lying, as there was rainy weather. That didn't show up on tape. Brenner and two other people send a man through the fleshy substance in the Laboratory, revealed to be a portal. He documents what he sees, but is then killed by the creature, leaving only the bloody tether. Jonathan, later, decides to enlarge the photos he took, but is spotted by Nicole, one of Steve's friends, who ambush his car, rip the photos, and break his camera desperately. Karen then visits Joyce for dinner, eating her casserole, but her 3-year-old toddler, Holly, sees lights leading into Will's room, where the monster tries to enter. At the same time, Hopper researches anything Hawkins Laboratory-related. Nancy, worried about Barbara's disappearance, calls her mother. While at the power lines, El has a flashback of her strapped to the machine again to attempt infliction on a cat, refusing. As she is about to be locked away, she slams one guard against the wall and snaps another's neck, killing both. Brenner sees this and calls it "incredible." El then meets up with Lucas, Dustin, and Mike as they travel to find Will again, as Mike bonds with El, telling her about Troy tripping him. Later Nancy finds Barbara's car and goes to Steve's house, only to find the creature and escapes. Back at the Byers residence, Joyce finds the Christmas lights leading her to a hidden drawer. Grabbing a set of unplugged Christmas lights, she asks, "Will, are you here?" They glow mysteriously once. She tells him to blink the lights once for "Yes," twice for "No," asking him, "Are you alive?", to which the lights blink immensely once. She then asks, "Are you safe?", to which the lights immensely blink: Twice. Will is then lost as the lights don't blink anymore. She then paints the alphabet on the wallpaper, and hangs a light above each letter to create more complex messages. Hopper, with another deputy, search through the library, finding out that the Laboratory is CIA-sanctioned and being called to the quarry. Just around the same period, El lead the trio to Will's house, stating that he's "hiding" there, which helps her become accused of lying by them. Suddenly, Dustin sees a police cruiser and ambulance, following them. Joyce, finishing the project, then asks "Will" where he is. The lights slowly spell out the sentence, "Right here." Joyce, now confused and scared, asks Will what she should do as to finding him. The letters then slowly, and musically intensely, spell, "Run." Just as the monster enters, Joyce looks behind to find it breaking through the wallpaper and runs out. Following the cops, Dustin, El, Lucas, and Mike end up at the quarry. At the same time, Joyce runs into Jonathan and hugs him. Mike then snaps at El for lying, and leaves. He arrives home, and hugs Karen very sadly. Hopper watches emotionally as well as the others as Will is pulled out of the water. Dead. Hopper then comes to Will's home, where he finds a scared Joyce with the letters on the wall, with her describing the creature that came out of the wall as "almost human but it wasn't. It had these long arms and it didn't have a face." Hopper thinks she is experiencing grief, and tells her the aftermath following Sarah's death, but Joyce finds it completely irrelevant. He warns her to get some sleep, and encourages her to look at Will in the morgue. Instead, she arms herself with a ax and stays awake. Mike, upset with El over Will's "discovery," tells her that she did something that "sucks" and that Lucas was all along right about her. However, she tunes the radio to Will's presence, being able to hear but not speak to him, and hears him singing. However, it is only seconds brief, but it gives Mike proof that Will is alive. On November 20, at the morgue, Jonathan leaves at the sight of Will, but Joyce asks for proof of the birthmark on his right arm, cutting to Hopper. Hopper ensures Jonathan that Joyce will be fine, and everything will be alright. Just then, an enraged Joyce walks out, refusing to sign the documents. Jonathan then yells at her that Will is dead, parting ways soon after an audience appears. Nancy, after school, tells Steve that she went back to look for Barbara, but to no avail. She also details the monster had no face, same as Joyce's description. However, Steve is worried about his accusation by his parents while Nancy is focused on Barbara. She then leaves angrily. El then tunes to Will again, but he sounds different: All decide to disguise El to get her to Mr. Clarke's Heathkit. Later, Nancy is interrogated by Hooper and a deputy, giving some false information that was verified by the police with real. The trio take El to school and try to sneak into Mr. Clarke's room, but are discovered by him soon later. He negotiates a deal soon after that if they attend a assembly honoring Will Byers, he will let them use the Heathkit the rest of the day, to which they accept. During the assembly, however, Mike sees Troy laughing at his funeral and confronts and then pushes him. However, before he can attack, he is stopped by El and urinates on himself, to the school's humiliation. Meanwhile, Nancy discovers the monsters on one of Jonathan's ripped photographs and explains it to him, who realizes that his mother was right. Hopper then interrogates the man who found Will, saying that someone didn't want anybody getting close to the body. El is taken to the Heathkit, where she remembers from the Lab that she was told to listen to a certain man via her own mind. WHile Dustin, Lucas, and Mike watch, the light burns out as they listen to Will engaging in a conversation with Joyce. However, at the same time, after Will disappears, Joyce hacks a hole in the house and the frequency fries the Heathkit, suffering another nosebleed. Nancy and Jonathan then enlarge and brighten the ripped photo, giving clear evidence of the monster and the possibility of Will and Barbara's existence. Hopper then breaks into the morgue and knifes open Will's body, which reveals in it a stuffed, life-like doll of Will. Lonnie then arrives to ensure Joyce's safety. Around the same time as well, Hopper breaks in and discovers the lab's gate, and possibly El's bedroom, but is knocked unconscious. Lonnie intoxicates Joyce with alcohol, and tries to convince her to let Will go; Jonathan arrives and asks him to get out, but he refuses and scrutinizes him for also getting caught up in Joyce. Lucas, Dustin, and Mike discuss about Will's existence, as Mike brings up El's leading towards Will's house, flipping the Dungeons & Dragons game upside down, and the symbolism of the bottom board: They discover that Will himself is trapped in the "Upside Down": The Vale of Shadows, a "dark echo" of our habitable dimension that is uninhabitable, dark, decaying, and deathly, plus filled with monsters: an alternate dimension. Hopper then wakes up in his home. Sensing something suspicious, he tears apart every appliance and finds a microphone in the light-bulb fixture, his house being bugged after he arrived. Everyone attends Will's funeral, as everyone pays their respects. Joyce then remembers Will drawing a mythical figure, a "wizard" that can shoot fireballs, but she comments on the fact that they are green because the red crayon is missing. Later, Brenner and other scientists listen to the trio with El at the Heathkit. Jonathan and Nancy grab a revolver from a nearby car at the funeral to devise a plan. At the funeral, Dustin, Lucas, and Mike ask Mr. Clarke about interdimensional travel, in which he gives "the flea and the acrobat" theory: An acrobat on a tightrope can go forward and backward, but a flea can go the same but sideways and upside down, but a gateway can be created by using energy to rip a hole in space-time. He also gives signs of a gateway: the disruption of the electromagnetic field, which would affect compasses, the environment, and numerous others. Soon after the funeral, Lonnie removes the Christmas lights and boards up the hole. At the same time, Dustin discovers the compasses are not pointing true North; they are disrupted by the gate's energy, drawing the compasses towards it, confirming Clarke's theories. Lonnie then admits that he planned the funeral for finance, using Joyce. The trio, along with El, walk in the direction of the compass to the portal. Along the way, El has a flashback: Using a sensory-deprivation tank and hooked to the wave machine, they use her to collect information from a Russian man. Realizing something, she asks Mike to turn back, refusing to do so, as they continue their trek. Around the same time, Nancy and Jonathan walk in the forest but both argue as well, damaging their relationship towards one another. Hopper then arrives at the Byers home, shushing her in case of her home being bugged, but he can't find the device after looking, admitting that she was right all along. At the junkyard hangout, the compasses suddenly turn back home weirdly. While trying to figure out what is going on, Lucas blames El due to her telekinetic abilities. Looking at her sleeve, he sees blood, fresh evidence that El used her powers, which she admits as "not safe." Lucas and Mike then fight, during which El telekinetically knocks out Lucas by flying him onto a metal plate. Mike then snaps at El for doing so, and she escapes. She then flashes back to finding the Russian, where she "casts Shadowwalk"--projects herself on the astral plane to locate people--on him, but finds the monster and it gives chase. Lucas then heads home, angered and sad. Nancy, still walking in the woods with Jonathan, hears something. They both find a severely wounded deer in the woods, possibly hit by a car and whimpering in pain. Jonathan then loads the gun to euthanize the deer under Nancy's suggestion, but it is taken away by the creature. They then find a trail of blood left by the deer; however, Nancy tracks it to a separate gate under a tree and goes alone. She ends up in the Upside Down, finding the creature eating the deer. She backs away, but she steps on a root which attracts the creature. She screams as she runs away, with Jonathan unable to find her as the gate closes. But at the last second, Nancy is pulled out by Jonathan before the gate closes and the monster can get her. Steve, along with his friends, pay a visit to Nancy's House. However, as he climbs her windows, Steve sees Jonathan putting a towel on Nancy and comforting her, which he ultimately mistakes as cheating on him. Nancy, after encountering the monster, is intensely scarred and frightened, asking Jonathan to stay with her for company. She asks him to sleep with him on her bed, but that's about the only thing that's a little bit sexual. The next morning, she finds her upright and sleep-deprived, and both decide to kill it finally. Mike, lonely and sad, remembers El's spot before he furiously kicks it in, depressed. Meanwhile, Hopper tracks down Terry Ives, the woman claiming to have her daughter taken, address. At her house, Nancy and Jonathan late the monster's location will Barbara and the deer's last locations, finding an average distance of a mile or less, finding that it can smell blood, and they sneak out of the house to buy weapons at an army surplus store. Frazer, disguised as a newsletter editor, offers participation of students to a weekly AV "newsletter" to Clarke, with him giving the names of Dustin, Lucas, and Mike to her. Dustin, arriving at Mike's place, contemplates on reconciling with Lucas by shaking his hand, a sign of forgiveness from whoever "drew blood" or started a fight first. Dustin then packs his and Mike's stuff to get Lucas. El has another flashback: Brenner tells her that "today, we make contact." She then wakes up from apparent sleep with no wig on. She puts it on, but decides to take it off. She then screams at a nearby lake, which violently ripples the water and scares off a birds. Meanwhile, Karen discovers that Nancy is missing. At Lucas's, he decides to shake Mike's hand under a condition that they forget 011, and they go straight forward. Lucas disagrees as to El, but Mike believes that El was protecting them. They end up disagreeing completely, and Lucas decides to fly solo while Mike travels with Dustin. El, however, enters a grocery store, getting another flashback; Brenner introducing her to colleagues, where she is lowered to apparently find the monster. She then steals Eggos, slamming the sliding doors violently in front of an employee calling her out. The duo notice this and travel in the direction that she most likely went, with a stranger watching from afar. Joyce and Hopper travel to Terry's home, where they find her fixated on a small TV, unable to speak or move. Her sister explains that she studied in MK Ultra training at the Laboratory in the '50's; she would be drugged, stripped and put in isolation tanks, sensory-deprivation ones to try to improve the brain's functions. She apparently "miscarried" a daughter in the third trimester: Terry imagined her, Jane, as a "special" daughter with "abilities," matching 011, revealing that she was captured by Brenner, who faked her death, as Terry's sister completely disbelieves. Lucas, on his bike, arrives at the fenced area of the Hawkins Laboratory. He looks at it in disgust, and takes his bike to the left for open space. Meanwhile (again, really?), Nancy and Jonathan stock up on weapons and traps at the army surplus store. The cashier asks, "What you kids doin' with all this?" Nancy replies, "Monster hunting," to the cashier's disbelief. Jonathan and Nancy load the supplies into Jonathan's car. As they talk toward one another, suddenly a car passes by with a man saying, "Can't wait to see your movie." The duo then run to a local movie theater, with the words half written/half spray-painted on the marquee: "ALL THE RIGHT MOVES STARRING NANCY THE SLUT WHEELER." This causes Nancy's reputation to decline drastically, as both adults and teens start looking at her weirdly and denouncing her. Nancy then finds the culprits: Steve and the gang, with Tommy spray-painting all of the words. Nancy slaps Steve as the friends jeer at her with the fact that they're toxic, so that's why. Jonathan then shows up, with the Steve gang denouncing him and his family while jeering at his actions for seconds, when instantly Jonathan whirls around, grabs Steve, and decks a two-pound iron to the face making Steve fall back. He then grabs Jonathan and knocks him to the ground as they then start fighting, with Steve's friends telling him to stop, but Jonathan then gains the upper hand, decking his face repeatedly into submission. The cops then try to get him, but he punches one instinctively, leading him to be arrested, but with Nancy's reputation dealt a hard blow. Hopper and Joyce then leave as Joyce looks at Terry one last time. As they get into the car, Hopper reassures Joyce that they will find Will, self-checking and knowing themselves that 011 is actually Jane Ives, Terry's long-lost daughter whom they thought was dead. Hopper is then called by the police to go to the department and sort out Jonathan. Nancy is offered to leave by one of the staff, but she is also called out by her for her "actions" and decides to stay with Jonathan to console him. El, with the Eggos waffles, eats in the woods while Mike and Dustin call out for her. Just then, they spot Troy with a knife, and the duo then bolt for it with Troy right behind. Meanwhile, Lucas then finds the compass needle pointed in a general direction of a tree, climbing up it and using binoculars to spot the gate, but finds three men entering and an armed vehicle, as well as handyman vehicles that say "Hawkins Power and Light," which Lucas saw with one agent earlier. At the same time, Mike and Dustin run up a cliff just above the quarry. While trying to defend themselves, Dustin is held captive by Troy, threatening Mike that he will cut out Dustin's teeth with his knife unless he jumps off the cliff into the quarry, which would almost certainly be fatal for him. Mike, under pressure from Troy, jumps off but he is levitated back onto the cliff by El, who pushes away Troy's accomplice and breaks Troy's right arm before they leave. She then collapses. El remembers being in astral projection when she finds the monster eating on something. She silently walks up towards it, and touches it one time. It then turns around towards her, scaring her to the point that she uses her powers accidentally to open up the gate. Waking up, she sees Mike and admits that she opened the gate, tearfully admitting that she's "the monster." Mike, however, tells her that she saved him and that it's what really matters Mike, Dustin, and El all then do a group hug. Mike and Dustin then grab their bikes along with El as they go home. An agent, disguised as a handyman in a truck, then tells the Laboratory that they are heading home. Agents then quickly load up, as Brenner and his group of agents, all armed, leave in a handyman car. Lucas, still up in the tree, realizes that the agents are going to Mike's home, just as Mike, Dustin, and El arrive. Mike removes the makeup from El, answering from her question, that she is still "pretty." He then also says that he's happy that El is home, to which she also contemplates the same thing. They are about to--apparently--kiss, but Dustin interrupts saying that "It's Lucas. I think he's in trouble." They tune Mike's comm radio albeit being out of range by a long shot, to which he says that "they know about Eleven" and that "the bad men are coming," while biking down a street to warn them. While most of the transcription is muddled, they understand "bad men" and check outside, telling Karen that they are leaving, and the trio depart with their bikes just as Brenner spots them. Dustin, through his comm radio, transmits to Lucas and tells him that they're being followed, with Lucas telling them to meet him at Elm and Cherry. They run through houses and lawns as the soon intercept with Lucas, but with Brenner's men on their trail. A van then intercepts in front of them, driving up the road to stop them, but El causes the van to be hit by telekinetic force, flipping it upside down and giving them time to escape, while Brenner and his team are blocked. The quartet then arrive at the junkyard spot, with Lucas forgiving El as she forgives him as well, and then shaking Mike's hand finally. Hopper and Joyce then arrive at the police department, with them being initially confused as they both demand for him to be let go, but they see the army supplies in his car which causes Hopper to be distrustful towards him, telling them that they won't believe him. Karen and her husband are then visited by Agent Frazer, disguised as a police officer, as they check through their stuff. Karen is then told that Mike had been hiding 011, but then is assured by Brenner himself as she unknowingly gives them their hideout location. Lucas then lays out the building perspective, with them implying that the gate should be in there somewhere and that the building is government-sanctioned to build weapons to fight against the Cold War in 1983. Dustin then spots a helicopter in their direction, with the quartet hiding their bikes and then hiding in a nonfunctional bus. At the police department, Jonathan gives information and the picture of the monster, but Joyce is angry at him because of it as they then reconcile. Hopper, however, hears a very silly fight between Troy's mother and a deputy. He then learns from Troy about 011, basing it from mostly irrelevant and biased information. Steve, on his car with a gnarly scar on his face, is then handed store-bought pills from Tommy. When he hears bad gossip about Nancy and Jonathan, he suddenly has a change of heart and confronts Carol and Tommy before he leaves in his car, from his now-toxic friends. Hopper and Joyce then get Nancy and Jonathan to help find Mike, Dustin, and Lucas, as well as El. They then gather information about the monster and the kids, before they acquire a comm radio at Jonathan's home. Dustin, Mike, and Lucas discuss to one another if they are actually caught up with the bad guys or not, before Mike reluctantly answers. They then give them their current location. Steve, with his now set of ways, goes to the theater where they defaced the sign and asks to help. The owner reluctantly allows him to help, not before realizing that he is one of the people who were convicted in the crime. Karen and her husband discuss trying to find Mike, despite Frazer's command to stay. Dustin, still in the bus with the other three, says that he doesn't have a good feeling, when they see two cars pull up with three agents, armed. They then hide and stay still, but one notices the bikes under the bus and slowly opens the door, to which he is knocked out by the Chief, who tells them to go. Joyce, Jonathan, and Karen are at the Byers residence when Hopper returns with Lucas, Dustin, Mike, and El to the house. Mike then tells them the theory of the flea and the acrobat, at which point that he concludes about the gate, that it interferes with the Earth's electromagnetic field and compasses. Joyce and Nancy both ask Eleven to find Will and Barbara in the Upside-Down, but she can't find them, as the comm radio they are using is too small to track them. When all three of them ask how to find another way, she immediately sees the bathtub in the bathroom while in there, and tells them about the bath. Dustin then calls Mr. Clarke to get information on sensory-deprivation tanks, and lists the materials they need from both him and El. Hopper and Jonathan get de-icing salt from Hawkins Middle School, Dustin and Lucas set up the kiddie pool that Joyce used for bobbing for apples, and Mike and Nancy get hoses from a nearby shed while Joyce duct tapes the visor on a set of goggles for Eleven. Mike fills up the pool with lukewarm water, Lucas sets the temperature for lukewarm, Jonathan and Hopper then dump the de-icing salt, and Duncan tests the density of the water with eggs. El is then placed in with the goggles, where the light flickers off as she astral projects again. She finds Barbara lying on the ground, as she slowly walks up to her. She finds her corpse, partially eaten, decaying, and with a slug-like creature in her mouth. Nancy asks if Barbara is OK, El yells, "Gone!" numerous times, scared. She finds Castle Byers in the Upside-Down as well, finding Will cold and frightened on the bed. She relays messages from Joyce to Will that they are going to find you and to hold on. Will then disappears from the astral region, to El's whimpering as she wakes up from the bath, crying and scared. Hopper is then given information about Castle Byers from Joyce and Jonathan, and prepares to leave. Joyce, worried about Will and his welfare and state of being, goes along as well despite Hopper's warning. Jonathan, however, is told not to by Hopper as well as Joyce, but both him and Nancy decide to sneak out of the building to get the supplies from the station, from which he agrees. They go to the police station and steal the army supplies, as well as a fire extinguisher. Hopper and Joyce cut the fence on the way in. They trespass in order to find the entrance but they are caught by security guards outside, as they surrender and are handcuffed. In the Upside Down, Will is singing to himself "Should I Stay or Should I Go?" quietly as he shivers in Castle Byers. The monster then growls, as Will sits upright, scared, as it approaches the fort. It then destroys it, carrying off Will to an unknown place. In the Laboratory, Joyce is handcuffed to a chair parallel to another chair on a metal table, in an interrogation-like room. She screams to be let out, as Brenner arrives and interrogates Joyce as to the location of El and being in contact with Will, despite having tried to kill his friends and so. Joyce angrily refuses, due to the actions of capturing 011 for his own, faking Will's death, and leaving him in the Upside Down instead of reaching out to him. Hopper, however, is tasered repeatedly into leaking out his knowledge of the Laboratory, led by Agent Connie Frazer. He reveals that about the experiments, objectives, their killing of Benny Hammond - the restaurant owner who 011 went to, the faking of Will's death, and their scuffing up of tracks. He then negotiates a deal to let him and Joyce go, to get the supplies needed, and to find Will and to bury the hatchet soon after. Meanwhile, at the gym, Dustin, Mike, Lucas, and El wait patiently in the gym with El wrapped in a towel. Mike then goes out the door to look for Nancy and Jonathan, finding Jonathan's car gone. He then tells the trio, in which El reveals that they are going to fight the monster. At the Byers' residence, Nancy and Jonathan extensively set up a crude trap layout, laying down gasoline, bear traps, and a yo-yo to indicate the monster is trapped. Nancy loads the revolver, and Jonathan hammers long nails into a baseball bat. Brenner then arrives at the room where Hopper is being held in, offering a cigarette and a lighter, which Hopper takes. He then asks for Brenner's word that they will remain neutral and to not target Mike, Dustin, and Lucas, which Brenner accepts. Hopper then reveals the deal to Joyce, in which both put on hazmat suits for protection against the Upside Down's atmosphere, grab flashlights, and enter the Upside Down. Brenner, in actuality betraying Hopper due to the high possibility that they will die, goes armed and rides toward Hawkins Middle School. Now in the Upside Down, Hopper tells Joyce to breath deeply in and out. During this, he remembers seeing Sarah, by playing with her in the park happily with his wife along. She then breathes heavily, in which a frightened wife watches while Hopper tells her to breathe in and out. He then snaps out and asks Joyce if she is OK, to which she says, "Yeah." Back at the house, Jonathan and Nancy cut their hands with kitchen knives to attract the monster, with both reviewing the plan: straight into Will's room, and to not move until the monster steps in the trap, at which Jonathan will immolate it with a lighter. At the gym, Mike wonders what will happen, at which Lucas and Dustin agree to stay in the gym to protect El. Dustin then goes to the cafeteria kitchen to find chocolate pudding, accusing the lunch lady of actually hoarding it for herself, to the rest of the group's worries. Nancy and Jonathan, with their hands bandaged, comfort each other while they wait for the monster to arrive. Unexpectedly, Steve knocks at the door, which Nancy opens then tries to close him out by telling him that there is danger, but he enters forcibly after seeing Nancy's bandaged hand. Confused by the traps set up, Jonathan tells him to leave but Nancy grabs the revolver and aims it at Steve ordering him to get out. Just then, the Christmas lights blink, as the monster arrives through the ceiling wallpaper, scaring Steve out of his mind. Barricading themselves into Will's room, Jonathan holds the lighter while the monster passes. However, the electricity jolts stably, with the monster nowhere to be found. Hopper and Joyce, now in the Upside Down version of the Hawkins forest, find a broken egg. They then come across Castle Byers, now destroyed by the monster. Looking at a stuffed tiger, he hearkens back to when Sarah, now in the hospital bald - cancer, was reading alongside with Hopper a book with the same exact stuffed tiger, then shown crying on a stairway. Hearing Joyce's voice, he snaps out of the memory. At the Byers house, the trio looks for the monster. Steve, frightened, tries to call someone but Nancy grabs the phone out of his hand and says that the monster will return, and to leave now. He then bolts out the front door, fumbling his keys in order to get in the car, but sees the lights pulsating. He then looks at it sternly. In the living room, the lights go out before the monster pins Jonathan down. Just then, Nancy shoots the monster to no effect, but it directs its attention to Nancy. It then stomps toward her, but Steve interferes, grabbing the baseball bat and knocking and hitting it to the bear trap. Jonathan then lights the trail of gasoline, lighting the monster on fire. In the Upside Down, Hopper and Joyce hear the monster's screams and follow it. Jonathan then extinguishes the fire, but finding the monster not there again, believing it to be dead. In the real world, the Christmas lights pinpoint the location of Joyce and Hopper, as Jonathan realizes. He calls out to Joyce, and she calls back, being able to hear him. She then leaves. The trio then walk outside and see a streetlight blinking. Nancy, relating it to the monster, asks where its going. Jonathan replies that its not the monster. Dustin and Lucas find the cached pudding for El, confirming that lunch lady was hoarding it for herself. During their alone time, Mike and El contemplate on having her as an adoptive family member. Mike says that she will be well-fed and cared after, and can live with him after. With El asking to not lie, Mike then says that they could go to the Snow Ball, a dance at the middle school for winter, and that you go with someone that you like more than a friend. Explaining this, he then kisses her for two seconds then pulls back; both are amazed. Mike then goes outside, believing that its Nancy and Jonathan, but he sees the agents parking in the school and looking for them. He tells the rest of the group, and they escape. While in the school hallway, Frazer's group of agents surround them. El, protecting the rest, proceeds to use telekinesis to squish their brains, as they bleed from their eyes, into a pulp. She then stops, which kills all of them, but weakens her immensely. She collapses to the ground, unconscious. The group tries to wake her up. Hopper and Joyce then walk through the Upside Down's Hawkins. As they walk through, they find a building with massive amounts of black roots: the monster's nest. They go inside, aware of the surroundings. Still trying to wake her up, Brenner encounters them and has the agents restrain Dustin, Lucas, and Mike. He then sits near El and picks her up, being unable to move but talk. He then tells her that he can take her home to the Laboratory, where they can make her better and that no casualties happen. El, realizing the usage of her and the agents, finds him bad. Just then, Mike notices a large amount of blood on the floor from Frazer's agents, realizing that it can detect blood, as it enters through the wall. The agents them let go off the trio, as they take El to a classroom. Leaving the agents behind, the monster then jumps on top of Brenner, killing him and the agents. In the Upside Down, Hopper and Joyce find the nest and look through it to find Will. While searching through the bodies, they find some eaten and some alive but drained of life. Joyce, looking for Will, finds him with a large, alive tube in his throat. Joyce and Hopper takes out the slug-like creature, with him shooting it with his gun. Dustin, MIke, and Lucas, now in a classroom, take El to a desk where she can heal. Mike consoles her by reminding her of the life she can have once it is all over, as she asks, "Promise?" Mike promises. Just then, the monster kills the rest of the agents, and breaks into the classroom. Lucas arms himself with a slingshot, shooting projectiles at it to no effect. The fourth time he shoots, however, seemingly knocks it to the chalkboard. They then see El walking toward it, being the one restraining it there. Mike asks her to stop, but she pushes him back with telekinesis. Ignoring her ongoing nosebleed, she says, "Goodbye, Mike" as she proceeds to seemingly kill the monster, causing an amount of force that transforms it into small particles and it disappears. Along with El. The electricity then jolts back. Mike then yells for El, with others yelling for her as well, but she doesn't appear. Putting Will on the ground, Hopper asks Joyce to lift his chin, pinch his nostrils and breathe into his mouth twice at his command, while he does chest compression, performing CPR together. During this, Hopper remembers being in Sarah's hospital room, seeing doctors perform CPR on her as the EKG monitor flatlines, him embracing his wife, distraught. Hopper then repeatedly punches Will's chest. This causes him to wake up, with Joyce encouraging him to breathe in and out, with Hopper putting on an oxygen mask for Will, as Joyce tearfully hugs him. Karen and her husband then find Mike, as Karen embraces him. In the hospital, Will is sleeping until he wakes up and sees Jonathan and Joyce. He asks where he is, Jonathan tells him that he is safe now. Consoling him, Jonathan and Joyce catch up a little bit with him, and bring him some supplies, such as a mixtape. In the waiting room, Mike waits while Lucas and Dustin sleep when Jonathan signals him to go. He wakes up Dustin and Lucas, as they tenderly embrace him. They tell him the whole history of what happened since he went missing, including 011. Nancy then leaves, as Jonathan looks back then forward. Hopper then leaves smoking a cigarette, but not before entering a car with men in black suits, as they drive away. One month later, on Christmas Eve, Will plays Dungeons & Dragons with the duo. He then comes across a Thessalhydra, but rolls a 14 and successfully casts a Fireball, with painfully kills the Thessalhydra. They cheer and celebrate the action, but quickly quarrel when the campaign is over, which takes 10 hours but presents a lot of plot holes. Jonathan then comes to take Will home, and he does, saying goodbye to his friends. Nancy, before Jonathan's exit, gives him a gift before he leaves and kisses him on the cheek. Will then opens it to reveal a new camera for Jonathan, as they drive home. Nancy then cuddles with Steve, who asks if she gave it to him, implying that Steve bought the camera as a "sorry" gift. She says yes. At the police station, a Christmas party is there, as Hopper arrives to grab Eggos waffles out of the refrigerator, to which two deputies exclaim it, as the assistant Flo puts out his cigarette and says Merry Christmas to him, to which he replies the same. He then leaves the station, driving to an unlocked safe box and putting the waffles on a plate inside, closing it. It is a remembrance gift for 011, since she is either presumed dead or in an unknown place. Hopper then leaves. Jonathan and Will then arrive at home, with Joyce making Christmas dinner. Jonathan takes pictures with his new camera, "documenting" the pictures. Will says, after observing the wrapped gift offscreen, that it is an Atari console because of Dustin's being the exact weight. Joyce then says that we shall see. Will then excuses himself to wash his hands in the bathroom. In the bathroom, though, he feels sick and coughs up a small slug-like creature in his throat that goes down the sink. He then looks wearily into the bathroom mirror, turning on the faucet as the room all around him then starts to look as the Upside Down for a minute, before switching to reality. He looks in the bathroom mirror and turns the faucet off, slowly. There is then a small growling heard. At the dinner table, Will returns very weirdly into his chair. Joyce asks if he is OK, to which he responds, "Yeah, I'm OK." The family then commences dinner, as they talk about Dungeons & Dragons as the camera pulls back into a wide angle from a house window, as it snows outside. The TV logo then shows itself one last time as it fades. 
 Starship Troopers (1997)651) Humans in a fascist, militaristic future wage war with giant alien bugs. In the distant future high school kids are encouraged to become citizens by joining the military. What they don't know is that they'll soon be engaged in a full scale war against a planet of alien insects. The fight is on to ensure the safety of humanity. Christopher Van Pelt The time is the future. Johnny Rico joins the military after graduation to become a citizen and for the love of his high school sweetheart. In the war against the bug aliens of Klendathu, the military is a very dangerous place to be. Johnny works his way through several battles and with the help of his friends and comrades, helps turn the tide of the war, and save the human race. <maninamask@aol.com> Set on the future earth, Johnny rico is a young student dating a girl named Carmen. When Carmen decides to join the military in order to become a class citizen (citizenship is only achieved through serving your country), Johnny follows and joins as well. He soon realizes that he joined for the wrong reasons but just as he is about to quit, an asteroid that originated from the orbit of planet "klendathu" hits Buenos Aires (his home town) and kills his family. Johnny and his fellow troopers set out to destroy the planet's inhabitants: a type of deadly and very large scaled space bugs. Through a seemingly ordinary action flick, director paul verhoeven creates a subtle anti-war theme, that shows us a fascist and military world far more frightening than WW2's Germany, Italy or Russia, the kind of world that is actually functioning. guyshemi Earth is united under militaristic organization called "Federation". Even in 4school students like Johnny Rico are thought about importance of serving to the Federation. On the surface atmosphere looks pretty relaxed, Johnny is dating beautiful Carmen, he has successful high school football career, loyal friends and rich parents. In the background Federation is in war with highly intelligent insectoid population that has colonized many worlds and are now trying to exterminate humans. Carmen decides to go to a school for a pilot in hope of commanding her own space ship one day and Johnny follows her not wanting to separate, but they eventually get separated in the line of duty when Johnny ends up in the Infantry and Carmen in the Fleet. When tragedy obliterates their home city of Buenos Aires, Johnny gets determined more than ever to put an end to the insectoid aggressor. Driven by hatred of the insectoids, and jealousy for Carmen's new boyfriend, Johnny strives to become one of the best soldiers Federation has ever seen... But "bugs" prove to be smarter and more resilient than he originally thought... Shaddow Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the distant future, several hundred years after a revolution by Galactic War Veterans overthrew the world's governments and imposed a militaristic regime titled 'The Global Federation of Earth', humanity is at tense diplomatic relations with an alien race whose homeworld is the planet Klendathu (one of many planets inhabited by these creatures located on the other side of the Milky Way Galaxy) who are named the Arachnids, or 'Bugs'. John 'Johnny' D. Rico (Casper Van Dien), his girlfriend Carmen (Denise Richards), and best friend Carl (Neil Patrick Harris), who possesses psychic abilities, graduate from high school in Buenos Aires. Carmen and Carl enlist in the military to become citizens. Wanting to follow his girlfriend and friend, Johnny goes against his parents' desires and also enlists. But he finds that his grades are too low to join Carmen in Flight School and is assigned to the Mobile Infantry while Carl joins Military Intelligence. Johnny and the rest of the new recruits are drilled by the brutal Career Sergeant Zim (Clancy Brown). Johnny shows himself to be an outstanding leader and is made squad leader. He also meets a former high school classmate, "Dizzy" Flores (Dina Meyer), who has requested transfer to Johnny's unit ostensibly because the unit is the toughest but mainly because she's infatuated with Johnny. Over the next few weeks in boot camp, Johnny learns that Carmen is happy with her training and is working with his high school rival, Zander (Patrick Muldoon). Her decision to make the Fleet her career dashes Johnny's dreams as well as the future of his romance with her. Following a training incident in which one of his squad members is killed, Johnny is demoted from squad leader and publicly flogged in accordance with military law. As Johnny is telling his parents via videophone that he is quitting the Infantry the transmission is interrupted. The 'Bugs' have directed an asteroid at Earth, destroying Buenos Aires, killing his parents and most of the population of that city. As a result of this sneak attack, Earth declares war on the 'Bugs' and Johnny, after conferring with Zim and their commanding officer, stays with the Infantry. The Federation's forces mount a large-scale invasion of Klendathu, which becomes an unmitigated disaster due to underestimation of their foes combat abilities and sheer numbers. 'Bug plasma' energy discharges from the surface by huge 'Tanker Bugs' thought to be flame-spewing battle tanks on the surface now turn out to be giant artillery pieces capable of surface-to-space barrages creating massive damage to the Fleet in space. With much of the Fleet in space destroyed or badly damaged, the Mobile Infantry on the surface is cut off from air support and overcome by swarms of thousands of 'Bug' warriors. Over 100,000 troops are killed before a retreat can be performed and several of Johnny's fellow recruits are killed, Johnny himself being severely wounded. Later at the Ticonderoga Battle Station, where the remains of the Fleet dock, Carmen looks up Johnny Rico's name on a computer screen, (it shows 308,563 casualties from the one-day battle, most of them being KIA or MIA). Johnny's squad is almost wiped out and Carmen, due to an error in the casualty list, believes he is dead. In truth, Johnny is in the care of the medical squad and is having the wound in his leg repaired. Federation scientists are baffled by the Bugs' use of military tactics and postulate that there must be a caste of 'Brain Bugs' that serve as generals for the Arachnids. After a few days' relief, Johnny, Dizzy, and fellow squad member Ace Levy (Jake Busey) are re-assigned to the 'Roughnecks', a special unit of Mobile Infantry which is led by Johnny & Dizzy's old high-school teacher, Lieutenant Jean Rasczak (Michael Ironside), a veteran of the First Bug War several years earlier who has been brought out of retirement to lead the group. Back on Earth, a new Sky Marshal revises the campaign, using strikes on other planets in the Klendathu system to learn more about the Arachnids' tactics. After aerial napalm strikes against the planets, Lt. Rasczak's squad lands on Planet 'P' to lead a ground assault. Johnny's leadership and his skill in combat while destroying a tanker bug earn him a field promotion to Corporal. That night, Lt. Raszcak grants the unit rest and relaxation, during which Johnny and Dizzy wind up in bed. A few days later, the Roughnecks are assigned to investigate an outpost on Planet P; they find the garrison killed and learn that the Bugs have sucked out the brains of some of the dead. They find the cowardly Commanding Officer General Owen (Marshall Bell) still alive, rambling about the existence of some kind of leader bug responsible for the massacre. Suddenly, the outpost is ambushed by thousands of warrior bugs, with some tanker and flier bugs in support. Most of the squad is killed, including General Owen, and Lt. Rasczak. Johnny takes command and requests an evacuation ship, which happens to be flown by Carmen and Zander. Dizzy is fatally stabbed by a warrior bug and dies in Johnny's arms. After Dizzy's funeral aboard a starship, Johnny and Carmen are joined by Carl, now a high-ranking colonel in military intelligence. Carl admits that the Roughnecks had been used as bait to test a theory, which angers Johnny, but the theory has proven correct; the existence of 'Brain Bugs' that control much of the Arachnid behaviour. Carl assigns the Roughnecks to search for a 'brain bug' back on Planet P. Carl gives Johnny a promotion to Lieutenant and command of the Roughnecks. As the Roughnecks explore the surface of the planet, the Fleet in space is again fired upon by hundreds of planetary tanker bugs. During the attack the warship 'Rodger Young' on which Carmen is stationed as the pilot, is hit by Arachnid plasma fire. Cutting the ship in two, Carmen and Zander manage to evacuate in an escape pod that crashes deep inside a Bug nest several meters underground. Johnny learns of Carmen's situation and tells the rest of the squad to keep scouring the system of caves they've been patroling, while he, Ace, and Sugar Watkins (Seth Gilliam) search for Carmen in the tunnels. Carl, who has telepathic powers, is able to provide Johnny some guidance through his mind. Eventually they discover Carmen and Zander just as Zander's brain is sucked out by the brain bug leader. Carmen saves herself by injuring the bug with a knife that Zander had handed to her earlier. Watkins, injured, sacrifices himself to wipe out the bug nest with a small nuclear warhead. Johnny, Ace and Carmen arrive on the surface and learn that the brain bug has been caught by the Mobile Infantry, led by former Sergeant Zim, who has been demoted to Private in order to take part in combat. As everyone celebrates, Carl joins Johnny and Carmen on the surface, explaining that they will be able to learn how the Bugs think and can turn the tide of the war. Concluding with another propaganda News Reel, it is shown that Johnny, Ace, and Carmen continue their service in the military as heroes. Prime examples to incoming recruits with Johnny as leader of the 'Roughnecks' and Carmen as Captain of her own ship as the war against the bugs continues. 
 The Frighteners (1996)761) After a tragic car accident that kills his wife, a man discovers he can communicate with the dead to con people. However, when a demonic spirit appears, he may be the only one who can stop it from killing the living and the dead. After a car accident in which his wife, Debra, was killed and he was injured, Frank Bannister develops psychic abilities allowing him to see, hear, and communicate with ghosts. After losing his wife, he then gave up his job as an architect, letting his unfinished "dream house" sit incomplete for years, and put these skills to use by befriending a few ghosts and getting them to haunt houses in the area to drum up work for his ghostbusting business; Then Frank proceeds to "exorcise" the houses for a fee. But when he discovers that an entity resembling the Grim Reaper is killing people, marking numbers on their forehead beforehand, Frank tries to help the people whom the Reaper is after! Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Due to a trauma, Frank has the ability to see ghosts, and he uses his trio of phantom helpers, Cyrus, Stuart, and The Judge to frighten people. Frank then sweeps in and "exorcises" the home. Frank's involvement in Fairwater's dilemma changes when he meets Dr. Lucy Lynskey and her husband, Ray. After "cleaning" the Lyskey's home, Frank sees a number carved into Ray's forehead. Soon after, Ray dies. After seeing another individual with a number on their head, Frank encounters a spectral, hooded figure who seemingly kills at random. With the help of his ghostly pals, Frank pursues this ghastly creature. Meanwhile, Lucy is investigating the Patricia Bradley, a woman who was involved in a mass-murder as a teenager, and has been experiencing ghostly attacks. Despite the fact that the police, and FBI Agent Dammers want to pin the murders on Frank, he and Lucy realize that something supernatural and sinister is happening in Fairwater and will stop at nothing to find the truth. w1cht3l After the traumatic experience of losing his beloved wife Debra in a car accident, the architect Frank Bannisteracquires the ability of seeing ghosts. He quits his profession; abandons the construction of his dream house to live with Debra and becomes a con man, using the ghosts Cyrus, Stuart and The Judge to haunt houses and then charging the dwellers to exorcise their homes. Dr. Lucy Lynskey visits the reclusive Patricia Ann Bradley, who was a former delinquent and girlfriend of the serial-killer Johnny Bartlett that lives with her mother, she notes that Patricia has bruises. Lucy returns home and together with her husband Ray Lynskey, they are haunted by a poltergeist. She calls Frank and soon Ray has a heart attack. Lucy meets Frank in a restaurant and he realizes that Soul Collector is marking numbers in the forehead of his victims before killing them. Frank becomes prime suspect of the police due to his knowledge about the murders and he is arrested. Meanwhile the psychotic FBI agent Milton Dammers comes to the city to investigate the murder cases. When Frank finds that Lucy will be the next victim of the Reaper, he takes the ultimate decision to fight the entity to save her. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Frank Bannister is a man who goes around town claiming that he can talk with and see ghosts, though while he can, some believe (though he is, in fact) a common con-man who gets ghosts to make it appear though there is a haunting in whichever house is chosen, wherein he sweeps into action and pretends to remove the ghosts. All this goes on until one day strange deaths start occurring all throughout town and Frank ponders this, while his love interest, Lucy Lynskey, whose husband had only just died of the same cause, goes to the house of a deranged old woman who keeps her grown-up daughter locked up, saying that it is for the good of everyone else. Soon, it is revealed that even the ghosts themselves can see the force that is killing everyone off; a deceased mass murderer come back from Hell itself to continue killing. It is therefore up to Frank, Lucy, as well as two ghosts, to find out how to end the fiendish ghost from killing any more, while all the while trying to shake off a deranged detective from arresting them both. Theshapeshifter After a tragic accident, Frank Bannister uses his new psychic powers to con people into "exorcising" their houses. But when an evil spirit appears, Frank may be the only one who can stop this "Reaper" that can kill both the living and dead. smcarter1966 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Important note - There is a Theatrical version and a Director's Cut of the movie. The Director's cut runs 14 minutes longer and this synopsis caters for both versions. A thunderstorm filled, rainy night in the small town of Fairwater. A woman called Patricia Bradley (Dee Wallace) is been chased by a mysterious entity around the old-looking house in which she lives with her mother (Julianna Mcarthy). Patricia is screaming and fearing for her life. Her mother appears from her bedroom with a pump action shotgun and shoots the mysterious figure as its shape appears through the carpet at the top of the stairs. Some of the residents of Fairwater are gathering for a funeral in the community as the local newspaper editor Magda Rees Jones (Elizabeth Hawthorne) and her assistant are reporting the story of another seemingly innocent death amongst the residents. Psychic investigator Frank Bannister (Michael Andrew Fox) arrives at the funeral trying desperately to advertise his services. As he leaves in his wrecked and dirty looking Volkswagen, his reckless driving causes him to nearly hit an on-coming truck. As he swerves to miss it, he crashes straight through a garden fence. Ray Lynskey (Peter Dobson) comes out of his house infuriated and threatens to sue him for the damages. Frank gives him his business card and drives off after deliberately driving over one of Ray's garden gnomes. On the other side of town Ray's wife Doctor Lucy Lynskey (Trini Alvarado), visits the Bradley house to treat Patricia's cuts. She bandages her hand and tells her that she needs to take her to hospital but her mother (Julianna McCarthy) refuses to let her go. She tells her that she never leaves the house and to just give her some antibiotics. Lucy notices how timid and fragile Patricia is and as she gets ready to leave, she notices some bruising around her neck. Patricia's mother rushes Lucy out of the house and tells her that her daughter is not to be trusted. She was involved in cold-blooded murder. Becoming intrigued by Patricia's history, Lucy watches a documentary about the notorious serial killer Johnny Bartlett (Jake Busey). "In the space of 27 blood-soaked minutes, 12 innocent people gunned down by hospital orderly John Charles Bartlett. Patients, medical staff, visitors, no one was spared in this madman's rampage through Fairwater Sanatorium.Not even the hospital chapel provided sanctuary,as those in prayer were gunned down on their knees. A seemingly senseless crime, Bartlett's motive remains a mystery to this day. Six years earlier Charles Starkweather had murdered 11 people in a Nebraska killing spree". The black and white footage shows the horrific scenes at the hospital of the victims and the families, as well as the footage of Bartlett being escorted to court by the police boasting about his disgusting act. "Fifteen year-old Patricia Ann Bradley, daughter of the hospital administrator, was also implicated in the killings. She was madly in love with the psychopath Bartlett. 2,200 volts of electricity ended the life of Johnny Bartlett, the unrepented killer. As they threw the switch he was heard to scream: I got me a score of twelve. Beat that!" In what some consider a miscarriage of justice, Patricia Ann Bradley was sentenced to life imprisonment although it was never proven that she actively participated in the killings. Five years ago, Patricia Bradley was granted a conditional release by the State Governor. Today she lives a reclusive life back in the family home".... Ray gets sick of listening to it and switches off the TV. He joins Lucy on the bed. (Director's cut) He tells her that he's booked their most favorite table at the Excalibur themed restaurant for their wedding anniversary. He starts to kiss her ,but he sees Frank's card that he's positive he tore up and the bed starts rocking and shaking with Lucy on it. It hovers up in the air as the couple panic. Objects start flying everywhere in the kitchen. Lucy calls Frank and he arrives to rid the house of the supernatural. Instead of charging the couple,he offers to do it in return for not having to pay for the damaged fence.Ray reluctantly agrees and Frank uses his "equipment" to capture the spooks and pours them down the sink. As he is packing his stuff up,he is shocked to see a glowing number 37 on Ray's forehead. Lucy cannot see this and Ray kicks Frank out of the house. Frank arrives at his home to his half-built house that he hasn't finished working on. As he gets out of is car,a spirit exits the trunk - a young, 1950's nerd called Stuart (Jim Fyfe), followed by a 1970's, afro-haired ghost called Cyrus (Chi Mcbride). The ghosts are Frank's associates who help him con the local residents by haunting their homes, so that Frank can step in and reap the rewards. While Stuart is just about to join them in the house, Frank closes the door and he gets stuck because his ectoplasm has become too stiff. Frank asks them if they had anything to do with the glowing number appearing on Ray's head but the spirits don't know what he's talking about. (Director's cut) Cyrus helps pull Stuart through the door. The pair of them moan about Frank took their helps as granted and had not giving them enough respect.The next morning,Frank is having a shower and Cyrus pops his head up through the plughole and tells him that he and Stuart want a business meeting in the kitchen. Cyrus and Stuart are talking to Frank in the kitchen about how he doesn't appreciate their loyal service. As they are talking, gunshots go off, as another spirit, a judge from the 1800's (John Astin) enters the room trying to shoot the ghost dog Rhustler as he gnaws on his jawbone. Frank gets his jaw back and tells him to put his guns away. (Director's cut) Frank cuts some wood off from the roof of his house for his fireplace. He sits looking through the newspaper, trying to find people that have recently lost family, while The Judge contemplates going off into the graveyard to rest his decrepit body. Frank tells him he needs him his help in order to finish his house but The Judge tells him to stop with his scheming ways and to stop using death to make a living. (Director's cut) Frank walks out of the living room and is horrified to see a Grim Reaper figure moving down the stairs towards him. The figure moves in close to him but it is only Cyrus and Stuart underneath a cape. They tell him they are trying to figure out different ways to scare people but Frank isn't amused and walks off angry. The next morning Frank receives a letter from his bank informing him that he owes $16,000 dollars. He needs some money fast and he calls the spirits for a meeting demanding that they up their antics to really frighten people. Cyrus and Stuart arrive at a rich woman's house and start causing fear by picking up the resident's babies and scaring the mother and her maid as they see the babies hovering through the air. Again they leave one of Frank's business cards. Frank gets the phone call and sets off. (Director's cut) Frank is trying to drive to the house as fast as he can but he keeps getting stuck in traffic because the roads are blocked with funeral cars. The Judge is sat in the passenger's seat and tells him that there is something very sinister dawning over Fairwater. But Frank isn't interested in what he's saying.He impatiently and recklessly pulls out into the line of funeral cars and dodges around the traffic. He pulls up outside the house and tells Judge to wait for him. Frank walks into the house and attempts to pull off his scheme but the woman is not interested. She has in her hand the local newspaper which shows a picture of Frank with the headline "Local conman haunts cemetery". Frank is angry. He confronts Magda Rees Jones at the local Gazette about printing the story but she tells him he is a parasite who makes money off of the bereaved and she has every right to let people know about him. He leaves and he sees that another funeral is taking place.He sees Lucy in one of the cars crying. As he walks off down the street he is shocked to see Ray running towards him. But not in human form. Ray is now dead. His spirit runs straight into him. Ray is panicking and can't understand how he's died so young and fit. He tells Frank that just before he died he felt his heart been crushed while he was working out. Frank tries to explain the rules of the afterlife to him. Ray asks Frank to give him a ride to his funeral. (Director's cut) As Frank pulls up to the graveyard in his car, Ray (not yet used to being a spirit) has trouble grabbing hold of the door handle to get out. Frank pushes him through the car door and he lands on the ground. They walk through the graveyard and Ray is petrified as he witnesses many spirits roaming the grounds. Drill Sergeant Hiles (R.Lee Ermey), the watchful spirit of the other ghosts, walks out of his tomb and orders the ghosts to get back in their graves. Frank knows there will be trouble. He tells Ray to go on ahead while he talks to the angry sergeant. The two have a fight but with Hiles's supernatural abilities, Frank has no chance.While Hiles shouts to tell the inhbitants of the graveyard who's in charge, Frank goes off to join Ray at his funeral. As Ray becomes very emotional at his tragic death, he falls into the grave as he tries to put his arms around Lucy. He is horrified as he lays on top of his own corpse. As the mourners start to leave the graveside,sheriff Walt Perry (Troy Evans) arrives to talk to Frank. Apart from Lucy, he was the last person to see Ray alive and he wants to know what condition he seemed to be in when he saw him. He says that the FBI are becoming very concerned about the amount of deaths that are happening in the town - many of the victims are healthy and have clean arteries when the autopsy has taken place but their hearts look as though they have been squeezed. Frank tries to get rid of Walt by pretending that he wants to pay his respects to Ray, in order to pull Ray's spirit out of his grave. Walt is alarmed to see Frank physically grappling with thin air and seemingly talking to nothing. As Frank and Ray get ready to leave, an emotional Lucy approaches and tells Frank that she believes in his paranormal gifts. He tells her that he has in fact communicated with Ray. Frank has dinner with Lucy and the deceased Ray at the Excalibur themed restaurant and acts as a communicator between the two of them. But Ray becomes increasingly frustrated as his wife seems to start bonding with Frank throughout the evening. She asks him why he can see spirits and Frank tells her that he was in a car accident five years earlier and sometimes a traumatic experience can alter a person's perception. Lucy opens up too. She tells Frank that her and Ray's marriage was not a happy one and just as Frank tries to console her by grabbing her hand, Ray angrily knocks over a glass of wine into Frank's lap. Thrilled that he can now use make physical contact with the real world, Ray threatens Frank and disappears. Frank goes to the bathroom to dry his trousers. A man enters and Frank is shocked to once again see a glowing number on the man's head reading 38. Frank becomes increasingly edgy as he sees The Grim Reaper figure appear and kill the man by reaching into his chest and squeezing his heart. The man's corpse drops to the floor and Frank watches as the gateway to Heaven opens up and the man's spirit goes off to the other side. Frank rushes out of the restaurant and pursues The Reaper. Lucy is escorted to the Sheriff's office by one of Sheriff Perry's deputies as a witness to the situation. Walt is told that witnesses saw Frank rushing out of the restaurant before the dead man was found. He tells his men to bring Frank in. Frank chases the Reaper in his car with Stuart, Cyrus and The Judge. He tries his best to kill it but his car just goes straight through the caped figure and it once again eludes him. FBI agent Milton Dammers (Jeffrey Combs) arrives at the Sheriff's office to meet Walt and Lucy. He believes that Frank is behind the killings. He tells them about the incident that happened five years earlier when Frank and his wife had the car crash. They discovered that Debra's dead body was found 15 yards from the car with a number 13 carved in her forehead and after the body was found, Frank was picked up wandering the forest claiming to have no recollection of the incident. Frank tracks down The Reaper at the museum where the 39th life has been taken. Frank sees on Magda Reese-Jones's forehead a number 40 glowing. She is going to be the next target. He tries to warn her but two deputy sheriffs arrive to arrest him. The Reaper appears but the officers have their guns pointed at Frank. The Judge appears and shoots The Reaper and it disappears. Cyrus and Stuart start to make people scared in the museum in order to cause a diversion for Frank to get away. In the commotion, Frank punches Magda and knocks her out, in order to carry her out to his car to safety. He drives away but The Reaper is in pursuit and forces Frank to crash his car in the vicinity where Debra died years earlier. Magda crawls from the car trying to escape from Frank who she believes to be psychotic. Frank tries to get her to listen to him but he is dazed and confused as the Reaper plunges towards her and crushes her heart. Frank jumps towards it but it disappears again and he is lying face down on her corpse. The gateway to Heaven opens and Magda's spirit jumps from her body and accuses of Frank of being a sick murderer who is responsible for her and his wife's death. Frank arrives at the sheriff's office and tells them what has happened. When Walt asks him if he had anything to do with Magda's death, he doesn't answer and he is arrested on suspicion of murder. Lucy doesn't believe it and storms out as Frank is taken through to the interrogation room followed by Dammers. (Director's cut) Lucy goes out to her car and sits inside trying to get her head around things. Ray appears on the back seat - his spirit now decaying from dripping ectoplasm. Dammers and Walt are sat in the interrogation room with Frank who looks demoralized. Dammers calls him a dangerous man but Walt refuses to believe that Frank is behind the murders. Dammers uses his power of authority to tell Walt to get out of the room while he questions Frank. Frank tells Dammers that he is not a murderer and that he can communicate with the other side. He has seen the figure of Death killing people by reaching into their chests but Dammers doesn't believe any of it and believes Frank to be responsible for the crimes. (Director's cut) Cyrus and Stuart walk into the sheriff's and start to walk through the walls of the cells to find Frank. They eventually get to his cell and try to talk to him but Frank is silent. Cyrus tells Stuart that he can't even see them anymore. He's so traumatised he's stopped believing. Dammers looks through the narrow opening of the prison door observing Frank. He tells the deputy that he doesn't even expect him to make it until the trial. He's expecting him to commit suicide. Lucy goes to Frank's house to see if she can find any evidence to clear his name. As she wanders around, Ray is looking too. (Director's cut) Ray sees on the fridge some labels describing the layout of his and Lucy's house. He realises that Frank was using his psychic abilities to con them. One of the sticky labels gets stuck to his fingers.He tries to shake it off and as he does, Lucy sees it floating towards the back garden in the wind. She walks outside and sees a nice looking garden, which Frank has made in memory of his wife in place of the basketball court. The phone rings and the answering machine picks up the message. It's Old Mrs.Bradley trying to tell Frank about her fears for her daughter Patricia. Lucy believes the mother to be dangerous and after hearing her message, heads over to their house. She hides in the bushes outside as the old lady walks out to get rid of the garbage bags. She sneaks inside, looking for Patricia. Ray walks to the house and because of his abilities the house transforms into a weird shape from his point of view. He can sense there is danger lurking inside. Patricia is at the top of the stairs and tells Lucy they need to hide. As her mother walks back in, the two of them rush into her bedroom. Lucy tells Patricia that she needs to get away and start a new life for herself. She sees an urn on the side. They are Patricia's father's ashes. He had killed himself after discovering that Patricia had been involved with a serial killer. She hears her mum coming up the stairs and tells Lucy to hide in the wardrobe. She just gets inside as her mother enters. Patricia offers to make her a cup of tea and they walk out. Lucy finds a Stanley knife in the wardrobe with the initials F.B. She realises that it's Frank's that Dammers had told her had gone missing after Debra's death. Lucy slowly walks down the stairs to sneak out. The Urn starts to glow and a figure appears in the wall behind Lucy trying to sneak up. Lucy, oblivious to the threat, rushes out of the house as Ray walks in to try and protect her. His face is sliced off by the figure's hand and as Lucy gets into her car, Ray's deformed spirit is tossed onto the hood of the car. Lucy goes to see Frank in his cell and tells him that Old Mrs. Bradley must be responsible for Debra's death. She's found his knife in her bedroom and she's crazy enough to do something like that. Frank is still in a quiet, depressed state. He hugs Lucy and he sees Cyrus and Stuart enter the room. But as he looks Lucy in the face, the number 41 glows on her forehead. He realises she is the next victim. The Reaper appears through the cell door and tries to kill her. With the help of Stuart and Cyrus, he tries to protect her in the confines of the cell. Lucy shouts for the deputy to come and unlock the door. Stuart is dissolved by the Reaper's sythe. As Frank hears the cell door unlock, he kicks the door into the deputy's head and knocks him out, so that he can escape with Lucy. Dammers walks around the corner and draws his gun. Lucy rushes up to him and tells him that Frank is crazy, as Cyrus battles the Reaper. Lucy uses a fire extinguisher to spray at Dammers to protect Frank. Cyrus's soul is taken by the Reaper and Frank takes Dammers's gun and runs out of the precinct with Lucy. He tells her that he must kill himself in order to become a spirit and protect her. He is ready to put a bullet in his head, but she tells him not to and instead helps him have a near death experience by means of hypothermia and using barbiturates to slow his heart rate. At the medical centre, Frank goes to sit in the cryogenics room and waits to slowly die as Lucy gets the equipment prepared to revive him within several minutes. But Dammers appears in the room armed with an uzi machine gun. He thinks Frank deserves to die for his supposed crimes and abducts Lucy to stop her from reviving him. Frank's spirit emerges from his dead body and the gateway to Heaven opens for him but he walks away to try and find Lucy. Dammers handcuffs Lucy in the back of one of the sheriff's cars and drives off. Frank pursues them. As he tries to get used to his abilities, he sees he Reaper rapidly jumping and flying through the town to try and approach Lucy in the car. Just as the Reaper launches onto the roof of the car, Frank flies down and knocks it onto the road. A car zooms down the road and crashes into Frank and smashes him into tiny pieces of ectoplasm. The Reaper approaches him with his scythe as Frank's spirit moulds back together. A truck approaches and rams straight into the Reaper and it is taken down the road clinging onto the front of the vehicle. Dammers takes Lucy to the graveyard and parks the car up. She desperately wants to get back to the medical centre to revive Frank's body but he tells her that he is not going to return her for several hours until there's no chance of Frank coming back. She shouts at him and he starts to freak out again. (Director's cut) As he tries to cover his ears with his hands, Lucy notices one of his wrists the swastika sign. He tells her that he was undercover with the Manson family for six months disguised as a hippy and he was used as the family's sex slave. He gets out of the car and walks several yards away and stands in front of the car breathing nervously and uncontrollably. He opens up his shirt and reveals his deeply scarred body. (Director's cut) He starts to reveal to her his experiences in the many bizarre undercover assignments over the years that he has been part of. All of the weird cults and sects he has had to be involved in, including drinking goat's blood. He says that he has suffered for his country. He says that the pain he has suffered in the different religious groups has its rewards and tries to prove that he has some psychic sensibilities. He and Lucy are both shocked as the car engine starts up. The gear stick and steering wheel move and Lucy knows that it's Frank. Frank starts to reverse the car away from Dammers as Dammers chases after it. Sergeant Hiles reaches in through the car window to grab Frank and throws him to the ground. The car crashes into a sarcophagus and coffins fall out. The Reaper approaches and slices Hiles in half with its scythe. Frank uses the sergeant's machine guns to shoot it. Lucy gets out of the car to get into the driver's seat and Dammers jumps out to grab her.She uses the skull from a skeleton to hit him and quickly gets in the car and drives off. While Dammers chases after her, Frank rips the Reaper apart with the bullets and turns it into pieces ectoplasm. He grabs the face of the Reaper and as he slams it down onto a grave a few times, the face gradually morphs into a human face and reveals itself to be Johnny Bartlett. He has returned from beyond the grave to continue his killing spree. Spirits start wandering around in the vicinity, all of who appear to be Johnny's victims satisfied that their deaths have been avenged. A spirit with the number 1 carved in his head approaches Frank and tells him he was a doctor and the first of the victims. He thanks Frank for what he's done. But while Frank is distracted, the pieces of Johnny's ectoplasm start to drip down into a tomb and gradually morph back together. Frank dives down into the ground and wrestles with him. He picks up the scythe and as he brings down the handle onto the ectoplasmic figure, Johnny's full human formed spirit is revealed. Frank is just about to destroy him with the scythe but Lucy revives his body with chest plates. He wakes up panting for breath. He tells her that Johnny's back and that she needs to go and get Patricia out of the house and save her from him. Lucy arrives at the house but her mother tells her that there's no way her daughter is going anywhere. Lucy confronts her about Frank's knife in her closet and the old lady angrily storms off upstairs. Patricia runs up after her. Lucy waits in the living room and moments later, Patricia comes back down and says that her mother is going with them. Lucy tells Patricia that Johnny's ghost has returned and is on the loose. She tells Lucy she knows and that his spirit often visits her. As Lucy stands in the doorway of the living room, Johnny appears behind her threatening to kill her. He says that she and Frank have been causing a lot of problems. Patricia goes to the kitchen and Johnny points to the knives on the wall. He wants to watch her kill Lucy. (Director's cut) Patricia repeatedly stabs the knife through Johnny's torso as they both laugh and become increasingly excited by it, almost in an arousing way. Lucy goes upstairs to see if Mrs Bradley is going with them. She sees her bedroom door open a jar and when she opens it she is horrified to see the old lady's dead body spread out on the bed covered in blood. Patricia pops up behind her and tries to stab her. Lucy tries to shut the door and the blade of the knife goes into it. Lucy punches her and they both grapple to the floor. Lucy gets up and runs out of the door, after she gets the key out of the lock and locks it from the outside. She sits on the landing stairs trying to get over the shock but bullets start exploding through the door. Patricia has got hold of her mother's pump action shotgun. Lucy tries to run down the stairs but Johnny's figure appears from under he rug and tries to strangle her. Frank arrives in time to save Lucy. He grabs hold of the rug and throws Johnny off of the landing. Patricia gets out of the bedroom firing at them maniacally. Frank and Lucy get into Patricia's bedroom and Johnny appears in the room through the portrait of her father. He tries to kill Lucy once again but Frank smashes the portrait onto the bed post and Johnny's spirit cries out as he is sucked into the urn on the bedside table. Frank puts the lid on and sees Johnny's name on the urn. He tells Lucy that they need to get to a chapel and get the ashes to the "other side". Realising that there's a chapel in the old psychiatric (now derelict) hospital, which is located just behind the Bradley house, the pair head off there on foot. They make their way into the murky looking building and walk through the hallways looking for the chapel. Patricia follows them armed. As Frank looks around, he starts to have psychic episodes where he is able to see the events that transpired on the fateful day when Johnny and Patricia went on their killing spree. He sees Johnny pushing a trolley around and he uncovers a gun and blows away the doctor who thanked Frank in the graveyard. He sees the teenage Patricia walking around with a knife ready to carve into the victims' foreheads. Through his flashbacks, Frank hears one of the doctors say that the chapel is on the fourth floor. Still believing Frank to be the murderer, Dammers enters the hospital. Frank and Lucy are forced to split up when Patricia appears in the hallways and starts shooting at them both again. Lucy has the urn but Dammers gets hold of her and throws her head into the wall. Lucy punches him and gets away from him and manages to get into the elevator before he can reach her. She starts going up to the fourth floor but it breaks down. Frank is still running upstairs and comes across the chapel. He hears Lucy cry. He tries to pry the elevator door open to no avail but she manages to pass him the urn through the door to take to the chapel. Frank puts the urn down to smash the door in but as he turns around he bumps into a statue of the Virgin Mary and it falls onto the table and sends the urn flying to the other side of the hall. Dammers catches it. Frank angrily and desperately asks for it back but Dammers opens it and releases Johnny's ashes. His spirit laughs as the dust breezes away. Frank picks up a metal bar ready to give Dammers a beating but Dammers pulls out a machine gun and shoots him in the arm. Facing away from him and holding his bloody arm, Frank sees Patricia walk around the corner in the distance ready to shoot him with the shotgun. Dammers orders him to turn around. Frank does and falls backwards as Patricia fires and the bullet blows Dammers's head off. Frank crashes through four wooden floors down onto the ground floor. Patricia starts to shoot at Lucy in the elevator. She avoids the bullets,and the elevator starts automatically going again. Bloodied, bruised and half unconscious, Frank starts to crawl along the floor of the vivisection room. (Director's cut) In his psychic flashbacks, Frank sees Johnny chasing the teenage Patricia around dead bodies as she screams "please don't hurt me". As they have a playful game of chase, covered in blood. He grabs her and they start making out on the coroner's trolley. Lucy makes it to the ground floor and rushes to Frank. But Frank is nearly unconscious. Patricia appears behind her and hits her over the head with the butt of the gun. Frank flashes back to the moment when his wife Debra died and he finally remembers exactly what happened in that moment. He sees The Reaper transform into Johnny as he's stood over his wife's body and Patricia is holding his Stanley knife. Patricia points the shotgun at Frank, ready to kill him but she is out of bullets. She kicks him and lifts him up off of the floor with the gun around his neck. Lucy tries to help but Johnny is pinning her down. Frank struggles with Patricia but Patricia has the advantage and she strangles him to death. Frank's dead body drops to the floor, as Lucy cries out. Johnny excitedly waits for Patricia to take Lucy's life as well. She picks up an axe from the vivisection area ready but Frank's spirit jumps out at her and rips Patricia's spirit from her body and takes her through the tunnel to the "other side". Johnny chases him up through the tunnel of light, and as they get half way through, he manages to pull her away from Frank's grasp. Frank carries on floating towards Heaven, as Johnny and Patricia stay hovering in the middle of the tunnel. He shouts to Frank that they're returning to Earth to get some more victims. Frank is just about to leap down after them but a voice stops him. It's Cyrus with Stuart. Frank looks down at Johnny and Patricia as their laughing turns to fear and panic. The spiritual looking, electric like portal gradually turns into the inside of a huge worm, with dozens and dozens of smaller worms wrapping themselves around them,strangling them and gouging out their eyes. The huge worm swallows them up and takes them down into the burning flames of Hell. Frank watches in disbelief and turns around to have a look around Heaven. Cyrus and Stuart tell him that it's really something. Frank sees his wife Debra approach him smiling. She tells him it's time to go home. The higher powers have said that it's not his time to die yet. Cyrus pushes him and he starts to float along the clouds. He wakes up in the derelict hospital in Lucy's arms. He demolishes his old house in order to start a new life with Lucy. Walt pulls up and tells Frank that the investigation is over. They found a stash of Ouija boards at the house and Patricia was using them to bring Johnny back from the dead. Her mother was trying to do her best to keep her sedated but there was no chance of her stopping Johnny. As Walt gets into his car and drives off, Frank sees the ghost of Dammers in the back seat. To his surprise Lucy can see him as well. She says to Frank "sometimes when you've had a traumatic experience it can alter your perception". Then Lucy uses a blanket to imitate the Reaper and laughingly chases Frank as the movie ends. 