nm0001819:

 The Last Road (1997)Summaries A widowed mechanic takes action when a disreputable drag-racer attempts to break her late husband's record. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Citizen Toxie: The Toxic Avenger IV (2000)44) The Toxic Avenger must defend his friends from his own evil alternate universe doppelgnger, The Noxious Offender. When the notorious Diaper Mafia take hostage the Tromaville School for the Very Special, only the Toxic Avenger and his morbidly obese sidekick Lardass can save Tromaville. However, an explosion results in some unforeseeable consequences, creating a dimensional tear between Tromaville and its dimensional mirror image, Amortville. While the Toxic Avenger (Toxie) is trapped in Amortville, Tromaville comes under the control of Toxie's evil doppelganger, the Noxious Offender (Noxie). Will Toxie return to Tromaville in time to stop Noxie's rampage or is he doomed to remain a second-class citizen in Amortville forever? How did Toxie's wife Sarah become pregnant with two babies from two different fathers? Will Tito ever get over his teen angst and become a productive member of society? Doug Sakmann After 10 years of peace in Tromaville, terror rears it's head again as The Toxic Avenger's evil double, Noxie, kills innocent citizens. It's up to Toxie, Sgt. Kabukiman, NYPD, Master Bator, and Dolphin Man to save the day. Spencer After ten years of silence, Toxie's back! With his overweight sidekick, Lardass! After the terrible Diaper Mafia has taken everyone in the Tromaville shcool for the very special hostage, Toxie and Lardass go to the scene of the crime to stop this madness, unknowingly that its all a trap to blow them up. When the explosion accurs, Tromaville and its doubleganger Amortville get's weakend, sending Toxie to Amortville and the evil Toxie, The Noxios Offender to Tromaville. While Noxie kills virtully everyone in Tromaville, Toxie tryes to get home with the help of Sweety Honey, Tito the Retarted Rebel and Chester the cocksucking scientist. Meanwhile the Mayor of Tromaville gets a leage of Superhero's to stop Noxie. Sgt.Kabukiman leads the team of Super Heros wich are Mad Cow Boy, Dolphin Man, Mastor Bator and The Vibrator. But while Toxie is in Amortville, the evil Noxie takes a little swing at Sarah, Toxie's wife, and she get's pregnant with two childs, one who appears to be from Toxie and another who appears to be from Noxie (thanks to dr.Kinky Finkelstein a.k.a. Corey Fieldman who explained everything). Will Toxie ever get back? What ungrown fetish in Sarah's stomach will come out victorius? Will Kabukiman ever stop drinking? Yes, many questions are asked in the greates and goriest Troma film ever created. Tromaville SPEAKER It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Auntie Lee's Meat Pies (1992)Summaries A devil-worshiping woman sends out her four beautiful nieces to lure men back to her place so they can be killed, ground up and sold as meat pies. Outside the small, one-cop town of Penance, California, Auntie Lee bakes her popular meat pies, with the help of four nubile nieces and the ranch's blood-simple handyman, Larry. The source of the meat for the pies? Men who are passing through, lured to strange deaths by the nieces - Fawn, Coral, Sky, and Magnolia - who smile, show a little skin, and pretend to be playmates. Closing in on the trail of a missing man is a New York private eye, Harold Ivars; plus, the town's cop, Chief Koal, finds Larry's behavior a bit suspicious. Will the cop and the dick bring Auntie Lee's vocation to a grinding halt? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pyrates (1991)Summaries Ari (Kevin Bacon) and Sam (Kyra Sedgwick), have incendiary sex a lot and burn down apartment blocks, wig-wams, etc... As soon as they meet Ari and Sam get into a pretty passionate - and combustible - relationship. Indeed, the scenes of their rendezvous often seem reminiscent of the Chicago Fire. But the course of true flaming lust never runs true, and as they try to handle their all-consuming passion their two best friends endlessly meet to compare notes on developments. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 