nm0005548:

 Days of Our Lives (1965 )Summaries A chronicle of the lives, loves, trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. "Like sands through the hourglass... so are the Days of Our Lives." These words, spoken by late cast member Macdonald Carey, open every episode of this daytime drama, chronicaling the trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 CSI: Miami (20022012)Summaries The cases of the Miami-Dade, Florida police department's Crime Scene Investigations unit. Horatio Caine (David Caruso), a former homicide detective, heads a group of investigators who work crimes amid the steamy, tropical surroundings and cultural crossroads of Miami. His team includes Calleigh Duquesne (Emily Procter), a bilingual Southern beauty with a specialty in ballistics; Tim Speedle (Rory Cochrane), a cocky yet disarming investigator who is well connected on the street, and Eric Delko (Adam Rodriguez), an underwater recovery expert who knows all the twists and turns of the Florida waterways. Rounding out the team is Alexx Woods (Khandi Alexander), the no-nonsense, know-it-all coroner. And, after Speedle is killed in action, former Patrolman Ryan Wolfe (Jonathan Togo) joins the team. Together, these investigators collect and analyze the evidence to solve the crimes and to vindicate those who often cannot speak for themselves - the victims. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Heroes (II) (20062010)Summaries Common people discover that they have super powers. Their lives intertwine as a devastating event must be prevented. People all over the U.S start to realize they have special abilities, like telekinesis, healing abilities, flying powers, time travel, invisibility, and the ability to absorb other's abilities. One man, known as Sylar, wants to gain all the power of these "heroes" so he can be the most powerful and evolved human of all, and stops at nothing to gruesomely kill these people. In order to protect themselves from him, these people must help one another before Sylar can destroy them all, while they each deal with problems of their own. Patrick Ozzy Lauzier It starts with "Save the Cheerleader, Save the World," but soon spirals into a never ending battle for right and wrong, life and death. As people across the U.S. discover and use their special abilities in this NBC hit series, their world and lives are turned upside down as a serial killer named Sylar tries to hunt them all and make sure no one becomes as powerful as him. But it's not so simple. Sylar isn't in control of his hunger for power. Nobody knows when he will strike, or change, or strengthen. Unpredictable is this new world of heroes. And as time goes by, they each learn what the can do for the world. And it's not always good. cippy-cp It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Disciple (2010)211) From a non-mythical perspective, The Disciple presents with high production value, the life of Jesus from a daring new angle, a human, without divinity, fallible and worrying disciple of God and the People on very real ground. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. From a non-mythical perspective, The Disciple presents with high production value, the life of Jesus from a daring new angle: a human, without divinity, fallible and warrying disciple of God and the People on very real ground. According to the Old Testament, specifically the book II Maccabees, a hundred and sixty years before the birth of Jesus, Yahweh sent his legions of angels to expel Israel from the Seleucus, the last invaders of the Jewish settlements before Rome. A group of their descendants whose leader was John the Baptist and who lived on the banks of the Jordan River, believed that God would send them the same help he had sent their predecessors and prepared spiritually and physically for the imminent arrival of the Kingdom of Heaven. This kingdom was to begin with the expulsion of the Romans. The film unfolds on two planes: The main one, which portrays the life of Jesus from this new point of view; and a secondary one, which, through various scenes distributed throughout the story, gradually reveals to us the way in which Luke the Evangelist and John the Apostle, some 60 years after the death of Jesus, argue over the the stories being told that placed the Evangelists under the orders of Paul in the recent New Testament books. The favorite Disciple of Baptist is Jesus, who makes his vows of nazir, as spiritual guide and will be in charge of begging Yahweh so that the angels come to help his people when they enter the temple of Jerusalem. John tells Jesus that he is certain, according to what the signs announce, that they will have to do as Judas Macabeo did when he entered Jerusalem on a white doney and fought against the conquerors before God sent his angels armed with swords of fire. Pontius Pilate is informed of the activities of the rebels and immediately orders Herod to arrest and imprison the leader. John the Baptist is taken to the Maqueronte prison. Jesus, confused and bewildered, needs to talk to his master so he would tell him precisely what to do. The leaders of the armed fight are Simon and Jonathan Ben Hann, who train the men with wooden swords while they study the way to find real arms. Jesus visits John the Baptist in prison and this causes the wrath of Pilate who orders to immediately behead him. John has the time to give Jesus the necessary indications to set off towards Jerusalem and announce in towns and synagogues the prompt arrival of the Kingdom of God urging men to repent of their sins. The Maccabees divide into groups and agree to meet shortly before the Jewish Passover on the outskirts of Jerusalem. Along the way the same chapters of the canonical Gospels will be repeated, but in historical circumstances in which they acquire a full meaning. The rebels come to Judas Iscariot (Iscariot literally means: Supplier of Arms) and ask him to get them real arms so that they can confront the Romans, at least, the necessary time for Yahv to send his angels. At Canas wedding, Jesus meets Maria of Magdala, he cannot touch women due to his votes of Nazarite. But she seduces the nazir and makes him break his vows. Jesus flees to the desert and begs Gods forgiveness. The entire film will keep the dramatic force of a troubled man who has broken his word and has no certainty of forgiveness from God. Finally, having been able to find the arms thanks to the Money given by Joseph of Arimatea, they gather in the Mount of Olives. Half the men enter the city with palms and branches which conceal their swords. The other half, under the command of Jonathan Ben Hanan, hide behind a pass to ambush and stop the Roman legion coming from Ceasarea to double the guard of the city during the Passover. But the angels do not descend to the explanade of the temple, Jesus thinks it is all his fault, so he accepts the prison and his death as a deserved punishment. Pilate judges him and orders him to be crucified according to the strict Roman Law which punishes with crucifixtion the crime of sedition or the attack against the interests of the Roman Empire. Each offence had a clearly specified punishment, for which there is no doubt that Jesus was executed for a clear crime of sedition. 