nm0000208:

 Sixteen Candles (1984)541) A girl's "sweet" sixteenth birthday becomes anything but special, as she suffers from every embarrassment possible. Samantha's life is going downhill fast. The sixteen-year-old has a crush on the most popular boy in school, and the geekiest boy in school has a crush on her. Her sister's getting married, and with all the excitement the rest of her family forgets her birthday! Add all this to a pair of horrendously embarrassing grandparents, a foreign exchange student named Long Duk Dong, and we have the makings of a hilarious journey into young womanhood. Rick Munoz <rick.munoz@his.com> Samantha Baker's sweet sixteen is anything but. Her high school crush doesn't know she's alive, her parents forget her birthday and she suffers every humiliation possible through the course of one day. Will things turn around for Sam? Will this turn out to be the best birthday ever? On the pivotal morning of her Sweet Sixteen, the bright-eyed high school sophomore, Samantha, comes to realise that her family has completely forgotten her birthday. With her older sister's wedding ceremony only hours away, Samantha has to summon up the courage to pursue the handsome boy of her dreams, Jake; fend off the persistent freshman who has a crush on her, Ted the Geek, and, hopefully, find love. Will Jake ever notice her? Will Samantha blow her sixteen candles and make her wish come true? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Awkward high school sophomore Samantha "Sam" Baker (Molly Ringwald) struggles to get through the day of her 16th birthday, which her entire family forgets because her older sister, Ginny (Blanche Baker), is getting married the next day. Sam is also plagued by her ongoing infatuation with popular and attractive senior Jake Ryan (Michael Schoeffling). Her day at school fares no better when she finds out that her completed "sex quiz," which she surreptitiously slipped to her friend, never reached her (and, unbeknownst to either of them, was intercepted by Jake Ryan himself). Sam panics, as the quiz contains personal information, including the fact that she is a virgin and is saving herself for Jake. At the same time, she doesn't know that Jake has the hots for her as well, but is too insecure to even talk to her. Samantha has a whole new set of problems when she arrives home to find that both sets of grandparents are staying for the duration of the wedding visit. On top of it all, one set of grandparents brings along bizarre Chinese exchange student Long Duc Dong (Gedde Watanabe). Sam's grandparents force her to take him along to her school dance that night and, to Sam's amazement, it takes "The Donger" only five minutes to find an unlikely girlfriend: the tallish, large-breasted jock, Marlene, promptly nicknamed "Lumberjack." A running subplot involves a geeky freshman, (Anthony Michael Hall) who continually (and unsuccessfully) tries to bed his love interest, Sam, to satisfy a bet with his friends. The character is referred to on several occasions in the movie as either "Ted" or "Farmer Ted", but he is credited solely as "the Geek." In the auto-shop room during the dance, Sam and Ted begin talking, and Sam confesses her love for Jake. Upon hearing this, Ted tells her that Jake has been asking about her at the dance, and they agree that Sam should just go and talk to him. As she's leaving, Ted reveals the wager to Sam, who, in her excited state, agrees to loan him her panties to help him win a dozen floppy disks. Later (after a peepshow of Sam's panties for $1 admission, which she does not find out about until the next day), Ted and his equally unwelcome friends, Cliff (Darren Harris) and Bryce (John Cusack), crash the senior after-party at Jake's house during which the entire house is completely trashed. A small group of beer-chugging jocks pin Farmer Ted under a glass table, abduct his two geek friends, and take them for a joyride in the trunk of their car before releasing them unharmed. At night's end, Jake finds Ted trapped under the table and they begin to talk. Jake inquires further about Sam, and Ted explains the situation. Jake makes a deal with Ted: If Ted lets Jake keep Sam's panties, then he will let Ted drive home his inebriated, stuck-up, prom queen girlfriend, Carolyn Mulford (Haviland Morris), in Jake's father's Rolls Royce. They never get home because the very drunk Carolyn makes moves on Ted while he's driving before passing out. Ted the Geek takes the opportunity to drive over to Cliff and Bryce's house to ask them to take a photo of him with Carolyn together in the back seat of the car. At Samantha's house the next morning, after some ensuing madness with all her obnoxious relatives, the family eventually makes up before the wedding and apologizes for forgetting her birthday. They drive to the church, where a very nervous Ginny takes a few too many tranquilizers and causes a scene throughout the wedding ceremony. Meanwhile, Jake goes on a search for Samantha at her house, only to find Long Duck Dong there getting over a bad hangover, who tells him where Sam went. Jake finds Carolyn and Ted the Geek passed out in the back seat of the Rolls in a nearby parking lot, where he uses the excuse of finding them together to break up with Carolyn (who had surprisingly fallen for Ted, and thus doesn't mind the breakup very much). Afterward, Jake drives to the church just in time to meet an incredulous Sam after her sister's wedding. Here, Jake and Samantha finally meet face to face for the first time, and Jake invites her over to his house rather than to Ginny's wedding reception. Samantha accepts. The movie concludes with Jake and Samantha sharing a kiss over a birthday cake with 16 candles. 
 The Breakfast Club (1985)541) Five high school students meet in Saturday detention and discover how they have a lot more in common than they thought. Beyond being in the same class at Shermer High School in Shermer, Illinois, Claire Standish, Andrew Clark, John Bender, Brian Johnson and Allison Reynolds have little in common, and with the exception of Claire and Andrew, do not associate with each other in school. In the simplest and in their own terms, Claire is a princess, Andrew an athlete, John a criminal, Brian a brain, and Allison a basket case. But one other thing they do have in common is a nine hour detention in the school library together on Saturday, March 24, 1984, under the direction of Mr. Vernon, supervising from his office across the hall. Each is required to write a minimum one thousand word essay during that time about who they think they are. At the beginning of those nine hours, each, if they were indeed planning on writing that essay, would probably write something close to what the world sees of them, and what they have been brainwashed into believing of themselves. But based on their adventures during that nine hours, they may come to a different opinion of themselves and the other four. Huggo To contemplate the error of their ways, a small group of five stereotypical high school students has to sacrifice an entire Saturday in detention. For the following long eight hours and fifty-four minutes, a quintet of perfect strangers--wrestling athlete, Andrew Clark; pampered daddy's girl, Claire Standish; neurotic oddball, Allison Reynolds; brainy Brian Johnson, and John Bender, a rebel without a cause--will have to stay put, and write an essay of no less than a thousand words describing who they think they are. Now, as the quiet library of Shermer High School becomes a cold prison, the five strangers with nothing in common have no other choice but to wait, and perhaps, in the meantime, look beyond appearance. Indeed, others see them as a brain, an athlete, a basket case, a princess and a criminal. But, when all is said and done, they will be the Breakfast Club. Nick Riganas They were five students with nothing in common, faced with spending a Saturday detention together in their high school library. At 7 a.m., they had nothing to say, but by 4 p.m., they had bared their souls to each other and become good friends. To the outside world they were simply a Brain, an Athlete, a Basket Case, a Princess, and a Criminal, but to each other, they would always be the Breakfast Club. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The plot follows five students at fictional Shermer High School in the widely used John Hughes setting of Shermer, Illinois (a fictitious suburb of Chicago based on Hughes' hometown of Northbrook, Illinois), as they report for Saturday detention on March 24, 1984. While not complete strangers, the five are all from different cliques or social groups: John Bender (Judd Nelson) "The Criminal"; Claire Standish (Molly Ringwald) "The Princess"; Brian Johnson (Anthony Michael Hall) "The Brain"; Andy Clark (Emilio Estvez) "The Athlete"; and Allison Reynolds (Ally Sheedy) "The Basket Case". The school's disciplinary principal, Mr. Vernon, gives them all an assignment; they will write an essay about "who you think you are" and the violations they committed to end up in Saturday detention. The seeming delinquent of the group, Bender, is instantly hostile toward his classmates, acting out several times. He acts as though he'll urinate on the floor, suggests that he and Andrew close the library door and have forced sex with Claire, challenges Andrew's athletic prowess and rigs the main door to the library so that it can't be braced open so Vernon can keep an eye on them from his office. During lunch, he jovially mocks Brian's home life and then offers everyone a glimpse into his relationship with his own father whom abuses him both verbally and physically. In a rage, Bender runs off and sits alone, hurt by what he revealed to the group. They pass the hours in a variety of ways: they dance, harass each other, tell stories, fight, smoke marijuana, and talk about a variety of subjects. Gradually they open up to each other and reveal their secrets, for example, Allison is a compulsive liar, and Brian and Claire are ashamed of their virginity and Andy got in trouble because of his overbearing father. They also discover that they all have strained relationships with their parents and are afraid of making the same mistakes as the adults around them. However, despite these evolving friendships, they're afraid that once the detention is over, they will return to their respective cliques and never speak to each other again. Mr. Vernon actually has a few epiphanies of his own. When he's down in the basement looking through the personal files of his teachers, he's caught by Carl the school's janitor, who essentially blackmails him for his silence about Vernon's poking through private information about his staff. The two spend the rest of the day talking. Vernon admits he's frightened of the future; that the very students he's got in detention will one day be running the country. He also claims that since he's been in education for many years that the kids haven't changed, they're still defiant, arrogant and disrespectful of authority. Carl tells Vernon he's dead wrong, that Vernon is the one who's attitude has soured his perspective for a job he once liked. The kids will always be the way Vernon described them. The group decides to sneak out of the library and go to Bender's locker. Bender retrieves a small amount of marijuana hidden there. On their way back, they nearly run right into Vernon. While trying to find a route back to the library undiscovered, Bender sacrifices his own freedom to help the others escape. (He also stuffs his stash down Brian's pants.) Vernon catches up with him in the gym, shooting hoops. Vernon takes Bender to a small closet. With his obvious hatred for the student apparent, Vernon challenges him, offering him one defenseless punch. Bender is too scared to take the challenge and Vernon reminds him that people won't take the word of a delinquent student over that of a high school principal. He leaves Bender locked in the closet. Bender slips out through the ceiling and rejoins the group, retrieving his stash from Brian. The group spends the rest of their time smoking weed and even relaxing while Vernon talks to Carl in the basement. They loosen up, play music and dance. Bender sneaks back to his closet when the end of their detention approaches. Late in the day, some of the group talk about what they did to land in Saturday detention: Claire had skipped class to go out with friends. In an earlier moment she worries about whether or not her parents will ground her and suggests that they have a strained marriage where they use Claire to get back at each other. Brian tells everyone that he'd felt suicidal after failing a project in his shop class and had brought a flare gun to school to possibly kill himself (the gun had gone off in his locker, starting a fire). Andrew's story seems to be the most painful: he'd attacked another student (a friend of Brian's) in the locker room after gym class, beating on him while his friends cheered him on and covering the boy's buttocks in duct tape, causing the boy minor but humiliating injury. Andrew says he did it because his father is an overbearing tyrant (he describes him as a "mindless machine I can't relate to anymore") who can't abide his kids being seen as losers and that they must win at all costs. Alison isn't clear about the reason why she's in the detention session other than to say she'd had nothing better to do on a Saturday. In the end, some of their more hidden character traits emerge: Claire is a natural leader. Bender develops a softer attitude and becomes more friendly with everyone. Claire spends some time with him in the locked closet making out with him and it seems the two will try a romantic relationship. Andrew becomes interested in Allison after she allows Claire to give her a makeover. Brian realizes he can write very eloquently, as he gets to show everyone later. At Claire's request and the consensus of the group, Brian agrees to write the essay Mr. Vernon assigned earlier on behalf of them all, which challenges Mr. Vernon and his preconceived judgments about them. While Brian accedes, instead of writing about the actual topic, he writes a very motivating letter that is in essence, the main point of the story. He signs the essay "The Breakfast Club", and leaves it on the table for Mr. Vernon to read when they leave. There are two versions of this letter, one read at the beginning and one at the end, and they differ slightly; illustrating the shift in the students' judgments of one another, and their realization that they truly have things in common. The beginning of the letter is as follows: "Saturday, March 24, 1984 Brian Johnson [although unknown at this point] Shermer High School Shermer, Illinois 60062 Dear Mr. Vernon: We accept the fact that we had to sacrifice a whole Saturday in detention for whatever it was that we did wrong. What we did was wrong. But we think you're crazy to make us write this essay telling you who we think we are. What do you care? You see us as you want to see us... in the simplest terms and the most convenient definitions. You see us as a brain, an athlete, a basket case, a princess, and a criminal. Correct? That's how we saw each other at seven o'clock this morning. We were brainwashed. The letter read before the closing credits reads as follows: "Dear Mr. Vernon: We accept the fact that we had to sacrifice a whole Saturday in detention for whatever it was we did wrong, but we think you're crazy to make us write an essay telling you who we think we are. You see us as you want to see us... In the simplest terms and the most convenient definitions. But what we found out is that each one of us is a brain... ...and an athlete... ...and a basket case... ...a princess... ...and a criminal. Does that answer your question? Sincerely yours, the Breakfast Club. The letter is the focal point of the film, as it demonstrates and illustrates the changes the students undergo during the course of the day; their attitudes and perspectives have changed and are now completely different. The movie ends as the characters leave detention. The final shot shows Bender walking near the goal post of the football field, freezing as he raises his hand triumphantly and fading to a dark frame as the credits roll. 
 Pretty in Pink (1986)541) A poor girl must choose between the affections of dating her childhood sweetheart or a rich but sensitive playboy. Teenager Andie is one of the not-so-popular girls in high school. She usually hangs out with her friends Iona or Duckie. Duckie has always had a crush on her, but now she has met a new guy at school, Blane. He's one of the rich and popular guys but can the two worlds meet? Mattias Thuresson Poor Andie is smart and sensitive but not popular in school. When she meets rich Boy Blaine, she thinks she's found true love. Unfortunately their friends don't think it will work. Can Andi and Blaine overcome the obstacles to lasting love? Jon Cryer costars as best friend Duckie in an unforgettable role. For years, Duckie has been trying to summon up the courage to confess his secret love to his best friend and equally unpopular high-school senior, Andie; however, in vain. But, before long, things will take a turn for the unexpected, when the rich boy and Andie's long-time crush, Blane, takes an interest in her: the awkward girl from the wrong side of the tracks. Now, Andie's already complicated world is turned upside down--and as if that weren't enough--the day of the long-awaited prom rapidly approaches, and Blane's snob friends look down on Andie. Blane seems to genuinely like Andie. What is the colour of teenage love's very first kiss? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Andie comes from a poor home, is a bit of an outcast at school and works at a record store. She takes care of her dad, who is still a bit lost after being left by Andie's Mom years ago. Duckie is her best friend who has secretly been in love with her since childhood. Enter Blaine, A popular rich kid who is interested in Andie despite the social pressure from his friends. After a couple days of flirting Blaine eventually asks Andie out, much to Duckie's disappointment. Andie is initially very excited but feels out of place when Blaine takes her to a party and his friends are less then accepting. They leave and go to one of Andie's favorite hangouts, A bar with live music, but the Blaine gets a less the welcome reception from Duckie. Despite the social world differences the two want to make it work and Blaine asks Andie to Prom. Blaine's douche bag friend Steff get's to him though and Blaine backs out of the prom date. Andie eventually decides to go anyways, is meet there by Duckie, and they reconcile their friendship. Blaine realizes he was wrong and apologies to Andie, Duckie relents and tells her to go after him, and Andie and Blaine make up and out in the parking lot and everything is golden in 80's teen romance land. 
 For Keeps? (1988)431) After she gets pregnant, a teenage girl must decide whether she should keep the baby or not. Darcy, editor at her high school paper, and her long-term boyfriend Stan are in their last months of school and already have found places in good colleges. Recently they started to sleep with each other and, surprise, surprise, Darcy gets pregnant. Neither Darcy's mother, who was left by her husband and had to bring up Darcy alone, nor Stan's Catholic parents are very supportive and urge them to have an abortion or give up for adoption respectively. However Darcy's and Stan's love is so intense, they could imagine to have a baby, but this would mean to give up their college careers. Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> In Kenosha, Wisconsin, Darcy Elliot and Stan Bobrucz, who both excel academically, are entering their senior year in high school and have just started the sexual aspect of their so far two and a half year relationship. Their lives for the next few years are all mapped out. Darcy, the editor of the school newspaper, will attend the University of Wisconsin in Madison in the journalism program next year, but not before she and her divorced mother, Donna, who acts more as Darcy's best friend than mother, will spend the summer together in Paris. Stan, who works in his Catholic father's shoe store part-time, will, on his father's urging, attend Caltech in architecture, that is if he can get a full scholarship, which is almost a guarantee. Because they do see their future lives together as husband and wife at some point, Darcy and Stan will retain a long distance relationship during their post-secondary school years. Their plans take a turn when Darcy discovers that she's pregnant. Regardless of their respective parents' wants for what they should do, Darcy and Stan ultimately decide to do what they want, which, after consideration after consideration is thrown out, is to get married immediately and keep the baby. They, however, still have plans to complete their senior year at high school, and continue with their post-secondary education after graduation. But reality does not end up matching their fantasy life of having their cake and eating it too, which may be helped or hindered by their parents' wants for their lives. Their relationship may not be able to endure all the stresses of needing to become adults sooner than they had planned. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Shortly before starting her senior year of high school, aspiring journalist Darcy Elliot (Molly RIngwald) takes a secret weekend road trip with her devoted boyfriend, Stan Bobrucz (Randall Batkinoff), to visit her prospective college, the University of Wisconsin in Madison. Eager to be alone together for the first time, Darcy and Stan pull over to the side of the road and make love. Afterward, Darcy meets with the student editors on campus, hoping to write for the school newspaper. Although they scoff at the triviality of her articles about her hometown of Kenosha, Wisconsin, they admire her passion and invite her to send them more writing samples. That night, the couple pitches a tent and raises a glass of wine in a toast, "To forever." However, Darcy privately questions the longevity of their relationship, since Stan hopes to receive a scholarship to study architecture at the California Institute of Technology. Two months later, Darcy becomes ill at the sight of food and concludes she is pregnant. While Stan is supportive, Darcy's single mother, Donna Elliot (Miriam Flynn), and the religious Mr. Bobrucz (Kenneth Mars) become locked in a heated argument over whether Darcy should have an abortion or give the baby up for adoption. Worried that the unplanned pregnancy will derail her college ambitions, Donna books an appointment for an abortion, but Darcy backs out of the procedure in favor of keeping and raising the child with Stan. Although excited to start a family, the couple fears their parents' reactions and waits until Christmas to share the news. Furious, Mr. Bobrucz insults Darcy's virtue, inciting a verbal and physical fight between the children and their parents. Cutting off all communication with their families, the young lovers check into a motel and plan their financial future as newly independent adults. With only $927 between them, they rent a dilapidated studio apartment and get married in a small church ceremony. While Stan gets a job as a shoe salesman, a guidance counselor encourages Darcy to drop out of school, claiming that her presence in regular classes may set a bad example for her peers. Darcy is disgusted by the suggestion, but eventually enrolls in night school so she can work a day job at a hamburger stand. Meanwhile, Stan is awarded a full scholarship to Caltech, but learns that the university does not offer housing for married freshmen. Instead of telling Darcy the truth, he pretends he was rejected for the scholarship. On the night of the senior prom, Darcy goes into labor and gives birth to a girl. Afterward, she asks the nurses to call her mother, who arrives with an adoption liaison in a final attempt to convince Darcy to give up the baby. Donna has a change of heart after seeing the child, but struggles to reconnect with Darcy, who suffers from postpartum depression. Although Darcy shows no interest in the baby, Stan proves to be a loving father and names her Theodosia, after his grandmother. One night while Stan is at work, Darcy notices a man lurking outside the apartment window and calls 911. As she rushes to protect baby "Thea," police identify the stalker as Mr. Bobrucz, who, despite his estrangement from Stan, asks if he can meet his grandchild. As bills begin to pile up, Darcy and Stan realize they will never save enough money to go to college. When Thea becomes sick and they cannot afford the hospital bill, Darcy makes the decision to move back in with her mother. The arrangement puts strain on their relationship, and Stan begins drinking heavily and sneaking out late at night. After an argument with Darcy, he bumps into his former girl friend, Michaela (Michelle Downey), who tries to win him back by blaming Darcy for ruining his dreams. As they talk, however, Stan realizes that his love for Darcy was always stronger than his desire to go to college. Michaela bitterly tells Darcy that Stan lied about his acceptance to Caltech. Distraught, she calls the school and learns that another scholarship applicant has dropped out. After enrolling on Stan's behalf, Darcy pretends that she no longer loves him, kicks him out of the house, and has their marriage annulled, since they were still underage at the time of the ceremony. Although he briefly considers attending Caltech, Stan figures out that Darcy staged their breakup and begs her to reconsider. On the evening of Darcy's night school graduation ceremony, Stan reveals he has secured both of them scholarships at University of Wisconsin after sending the editor of the school newspaper a piece Darcy wrote about the trials of young motherhood. Still lamenting her former husband's abandonment, Donna encourages her daughter to walk away from the relationship, but Darcy realizes she must make her own decision. Stan and Darcy reconcile, and he asks her to marry him again. 