nm0011607:

 Teen Wolf (1985)541) An ordinary high school student discovers that his family has an unusual pedigree when he finds himself turning into a werewolf. Meet Scott Howard, a struggling high school student with problems. He is on a lackluster basketball team with a lame duck coach, he is having problems getting noticed by the prettiest girl in his school, Pamela Wells (who already has a boyfriend who wants to ruin Scott's life named Mick McAllister). But in the middle of it all, he feels an effects of a dog whistle and he itches everywhere and even discovers that his nails are longer and sharp. When he came home from a party, he discovers his new problem. He is a half human-wolf hybrid. He tries to keep this a secret, but during a basketball game the secret comes out and it helped Scott to turn his life around, the basketball team starts to become a contender for the state championships. He became very popular, and he was discovered by Pamela, and begin to go out with each other (despite that Pamela is still going out with Mick). However, Scott's father warns him about turning into the wolf out of anger. Scott must watch his anger as he can still win Pamela's heart and the High School Basketball State Championship game. John Wiggins As if being the most pathetic player of his school's perpetually overshadowed basketball team weren't enough, the meek, average, and still single seventeen-year-old high school student, Scott Howard, has one more problem to deal with. Before long, with the first signs of excessive hair growth, much to his horror, Scott discovers the family's hereditary condition, and just like that, becomes a lycanthrope. Now, as Scott starts sprouting hair everywhere, and his fangs become longer and sharper, his ridiculed team begins to win, and the once-bullied student turns into an overnight sensation, especially with the ladies. However, is the "teenage werewolf" persona the solution to Scott's problems? Nick Riganas Scott Howard is a high school student on a struggling basketball team. He is desperately seeking another girl who just doesn't seem to notice him, until he begins turning into a wolf. Once this change occurs and it is accepted at school and social events, Scott turns into the most liked and talked about person in town. He gets the girl and the basketball team is doing great, but he begins to want things to be back to normal. However, his father warns him about turning into the wolf out of anger. Scott must watch his anger and he can still win the High School Basketball State Championship game. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Scott Howard (Michael. J. Fox) is completely unpopular in his high school.He plays for The Beavers' basketball team but he's no good at it, and the girl of his dreams Pamela Wells (Lori Griffin) barely even notices him.But his life takes a turn one night when he transforms into a werewolf,and discovers that his dad (James Hampton) is one as well.Apparently it's a life long curse that can't be broken.His dad tells him not to worry,it doesn't mean killing people or dodging silver bullets.It just means that they have super human abilities.But Scott's convinced that the hairy monster is going to make his life at school even worse.However it seems to have the opposite affect,after unexpectedly changing during a basketball match in front of people's eyes,including his loyal friend "Boof" (Susan Ursitti) he goes onto win the game with his new athletic skills,and gets his team through to the finals. He becomes the most popular student and Pamela finds herself attracted to him,and sleeps with him.But his dad is not happy,and feels as if his son is letting his powers go to his head.At the school dance Scott fully realises himself that they have when he lets his anger get the better of him and attacks Pamela's boyfriend Mick.Scott decides that he doesn't want to be the wolf anymore.At the basketball final,he decides to play the game as himself and with team effort,the beavers go onto win the game.Pamela goes to embrace him,but he rushes past her and passionately kisses Boof instead. 
 Kill List (2011)211) Nearly a year after a botched job, a hitman takes a new assignment with the promise of a big payoff for three killings. What starts off as an easy task soon unravels, sending the killer into the heart of darkness. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A poorly executed job in Kiev has left Jay mentally scarred, a soldier turned hitman, is now pressured by his partner, Gal, into taking a new assignment. As they get to the final hit, Jay begins to unravel once again - his paranoia sending him deep into the heart of darkness. Hitmen Jay and Gal haven't had a job for about 8 months, Jay is married to Shel and has a son around the age of 10 called Sam. Gal isn't married but does have a mysterious looking girlfriend, Fiona. Prior to the dinner they have together at Jay's, Shel and Jay argue frequently as Jay can't pay for things as he isn't working, or hasn't got a job as such. During the dinner they have together Shel and Jay have another argument, shouting in the kitchen as Fiona sits awkwardly at the table, Gal goes upstairs to explain to Sam how his parents will still be together even though they are arguing at each other. A few drinks later and Shel and Jay are good again, laughing and cuddling outside with Gal whilst he sits back into his chair to relax. However during this scene Fiona is nowhere to be seen,instead she is in the house in the bathroom upstairs looking into the mirror. She then takes the mirror off and carves a cross with a triangle on it, the image first shown at the start of the film. She then picks up the tissues Jay used to wipe his cut whilst shaving in the morning and places them in her bra, hanging up the mirror and then leaving. The dinner was so that Gal and Jay could talk about the new job they had got, they would meet up with the person who demanded their services and that would be that. The Client cuts Jay on the palm and also cuts his, signing his paper with the blood from each hand. The first victim on the kill list is known as The Priest, easily enough the two wait for him to walk back into his office where they have covered everything, 'Turn around' Jay says pointing a gun at him, he does so and replies 'Thank you', as Jay puts a bullet through his head. The next is The Librarian, Jay and Gal catch him walking out of a lock up and wait for him to leave before going inside to check out what The Librarian has to hide, it turns out to be a 'Wank bank' as Gal turns the computer on to his disgust, Jay then watches too, his expression one of disgust and of no mercy. The next day the two go to The Librarian's house, punching and knocking him to the floor as they enter and Gal close the door. They sit him down as he says 'There must be a case of mistaken identity', but no, Jay asks him about the videos and who films them, after a beating The Librarian gives them a location, also telling Gal where his safe is. As Gal goes to open the safe, The Librarian says to Jay 'He (referring to Gal) doesn't know who you are'. Jay looks at him confused, as he opens his toolkit and takes out a hammer and smashes The Librarians knee. In the safe Gal finds money, and then a folder, with multiple files in it, Jay then smashes the hand of The Librarian before placing his head on the table and standing in front of him with a hammer. 'Thank you, thank you' The Librarian says as Jay repeatedly slams the hammer into his head. After this Jay tells Gal they're going to the address he gave them, where Jay kills all the film crew in a gory manner. The last name on the kill list, is an MP. Before they go to kill him Shel makes Jay an appointment for his hand as it has become infected from the cut. He meets The Doctor, who does anything but look at his hand, asks Jay about what he does day to day and if he's stressed. He then says something along the lines of 'The past is forgotten, the future is yet to come, but what we do now is a moment' to Jay. Later at home, Jay is laying on his sofa as he takes two pills, Shel then calls him, where he finds their pet cat wrapped up in string hanging in front of the front door. Gal comes round and talks to Shel, telling her that Jay needs help and that they should stop with the job. The next day Gal and Jay meet with The Client who says if they don't go through with the killings then their families will be killed, Gal asks why theses people needed to be killed to which The Client replies 'A new formation'. Gal and Jay camp out in the woods with a view of the house, however as they get ready to watch as night falls, they are faced with a different kind of problem. A group of men and women walk through the woods with torches, some naked and others in robes, all with masks made out of straws. One woman has a thorn crown which has been pulled down her face to cover her eyes causing them to bleed. Gal and Jay follow them to an area surrounded by torches and a noose attached to a wooden structure. A woman walks up in a beautiful dress and places the noose around her neck, she then waves before kicking the stool she stood on, as she struggles all the cult members clap. Jay then decides he that enough is enough and opens fire, all the members chase after the two who are now running through the woods trying to escape. Gal finds an entrance to a network of tunnels which the pair take, running through the pair get split up and Gal Kills a few with his trusted shotgun, however one member catches him by surprise jumping on him and stabbing him in the stomach even though Gal then shoots him in the head. Jay finds Gal bleeding out, and carries him for a while, however Gal tells him to leave, and we see Jay walk out of the forest area the two arrived in. In the car Jay has flashbacks of the memories he had with Gal, whilst picking at the infected cut on his hand. He returns to Shel and Sam, who aren't in their previous house. As Gal looks to the window he can see flames burning. He then runs outside and shoots randomly, running back inside and giving Shel the gun. He then goes out, trying to find whoever is out there. Shel sits in a room, waiting for anyone to walk in, with a gun she shoots the first person twice and then kills another. The camera then finds Jay, on the floor without his shirt on, someone then places a straw mask on his face as he stands up, he finds himself surrounded by the cult members in a circle. Opposite him stands another, covered in a white sheet, somewhat crippled. He is then given a knife and they fight each other. Jay's expertise comes out as he is able to slash at his opponent and repeatedly stabs them in the back once they have fallen to the floor to secure the kill. He then stands up, removing his mask and moving to see who he has just killed, removing his opponents mask he finds his wife, bleeding and then laughing as blood flows out of her mouth, he then moves to remove the cloth and finds his son, who he had unknowingly stabbed furiously, now dead. He stands their, paralysed. The cult masters remove their masks, revealing The Doctor Jay had seen, The Client and Fiona. The Client places a crown atop Jay's head, as he stands there, victor of the battle, killer of his wife and child. 
 Masque of the Red Death (1989)Summaries With a deadly plague ravaging his Renaissance kingdom, Prince Prospero invites his friends to retire to the protection of his castle for ongoing revels, leaving the peasantry to die. But fate is not so easily escaped by the debauched nobility. Marg Baskin <marg@asd.raytheon.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sorority Pink 2: 'Hell Week Initiation' (1989 Video)Summaries Upsilon Sigma at Lost River College is still the hottest sorority on any California campus. Except Hell Week keeps getting more extreme, more heated, more pleasure than punishment. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 