nm0005134:

 Vanilla Sky (2001)761) A self-indulgent and vain publishing magnate finds his privileged life upended after a vehicular accident with a resentful lover. Incarcerated and charged with murder, David Aames Jr. is telling the story of how he got to where he is to McCabe, the police psychologist. That story includes: being the 51% shareholder of a major publishing firm, which he inherited from his long deceased parents; the firm's board, appointed by David Aames Sr., being the 49% shareholders who would probably like to see him gone as they see him as being too irresponsible and immature to run the company; his best bro friendship with author, Brian Shelby; his "friends with benefits" relationship with Julie Gianni, who saw their relationship in a slightly different light; his budding romance with Sofia Serrano, who Brian brought to David's party as his own date and who Brian saw as his own possible life mate; and being in an accident which disfigured his face and killed the person who caused the accident. But as the story proceeds, David isn't sure what is real and what is a dream/nightmare as many facets of the story are incompatible to be all real. The mysterious man in the restaurant may be able to shed some light on David's confusion. Huggo Tom Cruise stars as David Ames, a womanizing playboy who finds romantic redemption when he falls in love with his best friend's girlfriend Sofia (Penelope Cruz, reprising her role from the original film). Before that relationship can begin, however, David is coaxed into a car driven by an ex-lover, Julie (Cameron Diaz), who turns out to be suicidal. Driving her car off a bridge, Julie kills herself and horribly disfigures David. Reconstructive surgery and the loving support of Sofia seem to reverse David's luck, but eerie incidents are soon making him question the reality of his existence and his control over his life, even while he is suspected of complicity in Julie's death. David Aames takes all he has for granted; his wealth, his inherited publishing company, his good looks - his relationships. Especially his relationships. It catches up to him when a friend/sometimes sex-partner can't see their relationship the way he sees it. From that point, the movie takes a Lynchian twist that ultimately and literally pulls us into Aames' tortured psyche. Andrew Hope <sputnik67@qwest.net> David Aames, a tycoon's son who, in the eyes of many, is a spoiled child who has no realization of his wealth or luck. Inhereting his fathers company after both parents were killed in a road accident some years prior, David meets a girl whom his friend brings to a lavish house party one night and instantly falls in love with her. Desperate to find out more about this mystery girl, he gets chatting to her, unfortunately a jilted lover is watching David at all times and plans her final plot. After surviving a car crash and having his face reconstructed courtesy of his 'jilted lover', David struggles to find out the truth when his dreams turn into reality, and what he thinks is reality, turns into nightmares. He knows he wants the Mystery girl he met at the party that night, but where is she? who is she? Everything seems muddled slightly, until a doctor manages to repair his face, and life is back to the way it should be, together with his mystery girl, or is it? Questions need to be answered, but who is to be asked and who has the answers. Stezo Tullichewan During the week he turns 33, NYC magazine publisher David Aames, a playboy who has strange dreams, spends a night of passion with Julie, "a friend he sometimes sleeps with," and a night with Sofia, a witty, knowing dancer with a Spanish accent - a night with intimations of love. David is charming, rich (his mother's Monet, "Vanilla Sky" is in his bedroom), and feckless: he inherited the magazines and his minority partners want him out. Jump ahead: he's in jail, wearing a prosthetic mask, talking to a sympathetic psychologist to get at the truth behind a death. Who has died? How? And who's Ellie? Popping up often on TV is Benny, a dog who survived for months frozen in ice. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. David Aames (Tom Cruise) drives to work, he finds the streets of New York strangely deserted at rush hour. With growing unease he drives to Times Square and finds the entire city abandoned. He then awakens in his bedroom once again to realize he's only been having a vivid dream. Cut to: David in a jail cell describing a dream to Dr. Curtis McCabe (Kurt Russell), a psychologist who has been assigned to him. David has been charged with a murder he cannot remember, and he wears a mysterious pale mask. He and Dr. McCabe discuss the events that led to his eventual incarceration. Following the death of David's father, he was given 51% ownership of his father's publishing company. The rest of the company is owned by a board of directors that David disparagingly calls the "Seven Dwarfs." Each of them believed that he was next in line to take over the company after David's father died. David can have anything his heart desires, and nothing is beyond him. On the night of his birthday party which also includes a conversation with a drunken Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall), the company attorney and an old friend of David's father, David considered firing Thomas for what he believes is his incompetence as an attorney, but he has a change of heart when Thomas makes a sad confession. David's best friend, Brian Shelby (Jason Lee), brings with him a girl named Sofia Serrano (Penelope Cruz) whom he just met at the library. Almost instantly, David and Sofia flirt with each other, almost completely ignoring Brian. However, Julianna Gianni (Cameron Diaz), a regular bed partner for whom David has no deep feelings, crashes his party. She stays distant but keeps a close eye on him the entire night. Once David realizes Julianna is there, he asks Sofia to pretend to engage in a deep conversation with him so that Julianna won't come near him. David and Sofia end up hitting it off. David walks Sofia back to her place, where they stay up all night talking. The next morning as David is getting ready to drive to work, Julianna drives up beside him asking how his night with Sofia was. Julianna makes David feel guilty about ignoring her and convinces him to get into her car. It quickly becomes apparent that she is obsessed with David. She starts driving recklessly, speeding through busy city streets, all the while insisting that she's deeply in love with him and berating him for treating her so casually. Fearing for their safety, he tries to get her to stop the car by telling her that he loves her. She drives the car off a bridge in an attempt to kill them both. Julianna did not survive the crash. David did, however, although his face and right arm are mangled, and he suffers blinding headaches due to the metal pieces holding his skull together. He spends a long time in isolation before deciding to take back control of his company and see Sofia again. She appears hesitant to be around him, and when they go on a date she brings Brian along. The date is a disaster as David drinks too much and makes Sofia increasingly uneasy around him. The three part ways at the end of the night, and David ends up passing out on a sidewalk. It is morning when Sofia wakes him up at that same exact spot and tells him that she will stay with him if he can get his act together. From that moment on, David's life is turned around. His team of plastic surgeons is able to restore his face and he finds his soul mate in Sofia. David's new-found happiness is short-lived, however, when he begins hallucinating. He looks in the mirror to see his face once again disfigured. A mysterious man (Noah Taylor) turns up wherever he goes and tells David that he has the power to control the world. And one night he goes to bed with Sofia and wakes up to find himself with Julianna, who insists she really is Sofia. He grows violent, convinced that Julianna is alive and playing games with him. He is arrested and told by Tipp that he severely beat Sofia, but Tipp will have the case thrown out. Tipp shows David photos of Julianna with a bruised face, but everybody, including his best friend Brian, tells him that it was Sofia he attacked. David breaks into Sofia's apartment and finds that every photo he'd seen of Sofia is now of Julianna. Julianna attacks him thinking he's an intruder but then apologizes while still insisting she is Sofia. She leaves the room and the actual Sofia returns in her place as if nothing unusual had happened. They begin to make love but while they are in the middle of the act he finds that he is making love to Julianna. In a fit of panic he suffocates her and then discovers he has just killed Sofia. When David is finished telling Dr. McCabe his story he still can't bring himself to believe that he killed anybody. Dr. McCabe, frustrated by David's failure to tell him anything meaningful that might help his case, tells him that he can no longer help David and will try to argue for "temporary derangement". This odd turn of legalistic phrase is just one of many clues that in this version of David's world all is not what it seems. As Dr. McCabe leaves, David sees an infomercial for a cryonics company called "Life Extension." This infomercial involving a dog that has been frozen and brought back to life has appeared at several points throughout the film. David is entranced by the commercial, and McCabe sees that there may be a connection between Life Extension and David's amnesia. Escorted by Dr. McCabe and the police, David visits Life Extension and realizes that he had signed on as a client. He had opted for an extra feature called the Lucid Dream. This allows cryogenically-frozen, clinically dead clients to experience an unending custom-made dream life with no memory of their physical death. David realizes that he is now living in the Lucid Dream and that the mysterious man is his "Technical Support." The Support Technician explains that the Lucid Dream was "spliced" into his memories at the point where he passed out on the sidewalk after his night out with Sofia and Brian. But the dream went awry and turned into a nightmare. Since nothing he experienced after the splice was real David realizes that he never murdered anybody. Dr. McCabe tells him that the guilt he felt for the way he treated Julianna may have caused his subconscious to merge Julianna and Sofia. But it turns out that Dr. McCabe isn't real either; he's just a character David created in his dream to be the father figure he always wanted. Most curious is the fact that Dr. McCabe seems to believe that he himself is real and only reluctantly comes to accept the truth (he had previously mentioned that he was going out with his two daughters for dinner after a session with David, but when The Support Technician asks him "What are their [your daughters'] names, Dr. McCabe has no response). Tech Support tells David that in reality, he never saw Sofia again, and that Thomas Tipp, the attorney that David considered firing in the beginning, had saved the company for David and helped him regain control from the board of directors. But David, suffering constant pain and depression following his disfigurement, committed suicide. In the end, technical support reveals an upgrade to the software which allows David to either be reinserted into the lucid dream with no memory of the nightmare portion or to be awakened in the present time (which is 150 years after he was frozen) and live in the real world with a restored body. David chooses to be awakened in this future present realizing that everyone he ever knew will be long dead and his wealth will be worth far less. After one last lucid-dream rooftop exchange with Sofia in which she vows to "find you again" he leaps off the skyscraper. Multiple memory-images cascade frenetically through his mind as he falls. The final shot is of a brief whiteout (rather than the blackout) accompanied by the sound of a woman's voice telling him to "open your eyes" and an extreme closeup of a single human eye opening and staring into the camera. 
 My Name Is Earl (20052009)66) A ne'er do well wins $100,000 in the lottery and decides to right all the wrongs from his past with his newfound realization. Earl is a low-life who buys a winning lottery ticket, only to get hit by a car, losing the ticket in the process. He then realizes in the hospital that his bad luck is the result of karma in which fate punishes him for all the rotten things he's ever done in his life; therefore, he then decides to dedicate his life to making amends to all the people he has hurt in his life. B&M Earl Hickey was the kind of guy who did bad things and had a bad life. After he'd won $100,000 on a scratch card, he got hit by a car while jumping for Joy and lost it too. His hospital TV told him about karma, how if you do good things, good things will happen. This gave Earl an epiphany that turned his life and luck around. He decided to list all the bad things that he'd done in his life and one-by-one he'd make up for it. This hit US comedy, with a hilarious cast of colorful characters, shows us the bumpy journey Earl takes to improve his life. Phoebe Earl Hickey a complete low life but changes how he lives because of a $100.000 winning lottery ticket. Instead of stealing and mooching off everyone he decides karma must choose his fates. Also he decided he going to make up for every thing bad he's ever done. Following a near death experience after winning $100,000 on a scratch card, Earl, a life long criminal, has an epiphany about karma. With the help of his dim-witted brother, Earl dedicates his life, and his winnings, to crossing all the bad things he's done in life off his "Karma List". katiewitt-08977 Earl Hickey is a ne'er do well without a job or a direction in life. Instead, he spends his days drinking beer, stealing whatever isn't bolted down and being a leech on society. But when he wins the lottery of a lifetime, Earl thinks his luck may have just changed...until he's hit by a car. As he recovers in a hospital bed, Earl realizes that maybe the reason why he's there is because of a simple five letter word: karma. For every rotten thing he's done, a rotten thing comes right back to him; and the only way he can stop that is to make good for every bad deed. Having compiled a lengthy list of things he's done to people, Earl sets out to right all the wrongs from his past. All of this on the promise that maybe, he can enjoy his fortune once and for all, but only if he can finish the list first. Aiding him is his lifelong best friend and brother, Randy and an ensemble of characters to assist, observe, amuse, berate, or are just there for Earl Hickey. mystic80 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Almost Famous (2000)541) A high-school boy in the early 1970s is given the chance to write a story for Rolling Stone magazine about an up-and-coming rock band as he accompanies them on their concert tour. The early 1970s. William Miller is 15-years old and an aspiring rock journalist. He gets a job writing for Rolling Stone magazine. His first assignment: tour with the band Stillwater and write about the experience. Miller will get to see what goes on behind the scenes in a famous band, including the moments when things fall apart. Moreover, for him, it will be a period of new experiences and finding himself. grantss Set in 1973, it chronicles the funny and often poignant coming of age of 15-year-old William, an unabashed music fan who is inspired by the seminal bands of the time. When his love of music lands him an assignment from Rolling Stone magazine to interview the up-and-coming band Stillwater -- fronted by lead guitar Russell Hammond and lead singer Jeff Bebe William embarks on an eye-opening journey with the band's tour, despite the objections of his protective mother. Jwelch5742 William Miller is a 15-year-old kid hired by Rolling Stone magazine to tour with and write about Stillwater, an up and coming rock band. This wonderfully witty coming-of-age film follows William as he falls face first to confront life, love, and lingo. Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens with William Miller (Michael Angarano), living at home with his mother Elaine (Frances McDormand) and his sister Anita (Zooey Deschanel) in San Diego, California. While William gets along well with his mother and sister separately, both of the women in his life are at odds with each other. Elaine struggles to keep some form of control over Anita, who feels that her mother is too overbearing and controlling. During this time, it is revealed to William that his Mom skipped him ahead 2 grades, as all his classmates around him are 13, and he's 11. William's life also is thrown for a loop when his sister Anita decides to leave home to become a stewardess, in order to escape from her Mom. After she leaves, William finds that Anita has left him her record collection. Her collection ends up having a major impact on William. By the time he turns 15, William (Patrick Fugit) has become interested in rock music and journalism, writing for several underground newspapers, and Creem Magazine, edited by one of his idols, famed rock writer Lester Bangs (Philip Seymour Hoffman). One day, William encounters Lester in San Diego, and the two discuss rock music and journalism. Even though Lester claims the industry is destroying the genre and rock journalism is not a stable thing, he sees a determination in William to succeed, and requests he interview Black Sabbath, who are set to play at the San Diego Sports Arena. William attempts to get in, but is rebuked by the doorman at the arena. Unsure what to do, he meets a group of girls who call themselves Band-Aides. William is introduced to their leader, Penny Lane (Kate Hudson), who explains their philosophy, of how they are not groupies but are there to support the music. Shortly thereafter, William manages to get into the arena when he meets the opening act for the night: the band Stillwater. Complimenting them on their sound and musical talent, they invite William to join them backstage. During this time, William ends up interviewing them, with the bulk of the interview coming from member Jeff Bebe (Jason Lee). William ends up watching the concert from side-stage, as the band opens for Black Sabbath, performing the song "Fever Dog." After the show, Lead guitarist Russell Hammond (Billy Crudup) invites William to meet them at the Continental Hyatt House in Los Angeles, and tells William that they'd like Penny Lane to come along. William informs Penny and as they exit the sports arena, she gives him her contact information, and tells him of her life's goal: she plans to live in Morocco for one year. A few days later (unknown to his mother), William sneaks off to Los Angeles with Penny, where they meet up with the band at the Hyatt House (nicknamed 'The Riot House'). It is here that William sees there may be some chemistry going on between Russell and Penny. He also is introduced to Polexia Aphrodesia (Anna Paquin), and Vic Munoz (Jay Baruchel). A few days later, William gets a call from Ben Fong-Torres (Terry Chen) of Rolling Stone magazine. William disguises the fact that he's 15 years old, and pitches his voice lower. Fong-Torres compliments him on his work, and asks William about any bands he'd like to cover. William suggests Stillwater, and soon joins the band on the road, traveling with the Band-Aides on the band's bus (named Doris), much to the horror of his mother, who fears that this will interfere with his school work & derail Williams' future. Along the way, a number of incidents happen to which William is privy: At an outdoor stage event, Russell is electrocuted, sending the band scrambling from the venue, much to the anger of the show's promoter. The band trashes the trailer provided by the promoter, who seems unconcerned about Russell's injury. When the promoter has the arena gates locked, the band has their driver crash the bus through them to escape. -Jeff Bebe gets into a heated row with Russell when the band's first t-shirts arrive, and Russell is the only recognizable person in the band while everyone else is out of focus. The argument is indicative of the problems that have been plaguing the band for an indeterminate time - Russell feels his talent has allowed him to grown beyond the band's limits and Jeff feels Russell is overshadowing his bandmates. -Following the argument, Russell and William end up at a house party in Topeka, KS, where he drops acid and climbs up on a rooftop, proclaiming to be a 'golden god.' (Moments later he jumps off the roof into the swimming pool.) William calls Dick, who comes to the house & convinces Russell to return to the band. -The record company sends a renowned band manager named Dennis Hope (Jimmy Fallon) to replace their current manager, Dick Roswell (Noah Taylor). The band is apprehensive, but give in to Dennis' grand plan for the band to make more money, turning them away from their philosophy of playing 'for the fans.' Dennis is also instrumental in adding more tour dates, getting the band better treatment from concert promoters and stage managers, and the band ditches their beloved tour bus 'Doris' in favor of an airplane. As the tour winds down, William is able to interview almost everyone, but still is not able to get his key interview with Russell. What should have been a simple task becomes mind-numbing, as William is swept up with the tour, causing him to field questions from Ben Fong-Torres about the story, and rousing the ire and worry of his mother (who in one of her classes, proclaims: "rock stars have kidnapped my son"). One night while he talks to his mother, Russell seizes the phone from William and tries to reason with Elaine, who immediately cuts through Russell's charm and lectures him on being more responsible, however respectfully. Russell is somewhat shaken by the conversation. At one of the stops, William is privy to a poker game, in which Dick and Russell wager Penny Lane and the Band-Aides in a game without Penny or the girls knowing. The girls must leave the tour before they arrive in New York where Russell's wife will meet the band. The band Humble Pie ends up "winning" them, and pays Dick and Russell $50 and a case of Heineken beer. William tries to put this out of his mind, but upon hearing how Penny seems to have stepped over the line of supporting the band and fallen for Russell, tells her about the bargain Russell and Dick struck. The news has a devastating effect on Penny, however she takes it good-naturedly at first, asking "What kind of beer?" she & the girls were wagered for. The girls do not accompany the band to New York, but upon getting to the hotel where the band is staying, William runs into Vic, who tells him that Penny Lane is staying at the Plaza Hotel, under the name Emily Rugburn. William then gets a call from Jann Wenner, chief editor of Rolling Stone and Fong-Torres, telling him that the band will grace the cover of their next issue, and that he is permitted to share this news with the band. At a restaurant in New York, this news is met with enthusiasm by the band. However, Russell's girlfriend, Leslie (Liz Strauber) sees Penny in a nearby corner watching Russell. Dick goes over to talk with Penny, who rushes off. William takes off after her and finds her in the Plaza Hotel, where she has overdosed on Quaaludes. William manages to keep Penny conscious until the doctors get there, and after pumping her stomach to get the pills out, Penny and William go for a walk through Central Park, where she tells William the story behind her real name, 'Lady Goodman,' proclaiming that he now knows 'all her secrets.' After their stroll, William takes Penny to the airport, where she flies home to San Diego. William joins the band on the plane as they fly to a new venue. Everyone questions where William went in the middle of dinner the previous night, but he is hesitant to tell them what happened. Suddenly, the plane is caught in the edge of a storm, violently shaking everyone around. Feeling like the plane may crash or break up at any moment, everyone begins to reveal secrets. Dennis reveals that he once hit a man with a car and kept on driving, not taking responsibility for the accident. Dick reveals that he took more money than his regular fee, claiming 'he knew he earned it.' Jeff reveals that he slept with Dick's wife after they broke up, and also slept with Leslie. Two more in the band also reveal they slept with Dick's wife. Jeff, in a moment of rage at Russell, reveals his true anger at Russell, and tells Leslie that Russell had been sleeping with Penny. William, angered at how the band treated Penny, finally tells them what happened to her, and proclaims his love for her. Ed Vallencourt (John Fedevich), who has been silent for some time, finally comes out of the closet. After Ed speaks, the plane makes it through the weather, and everyone stays silent, not speaking for the remainder of the trip. When the plane lands, Russell tells William, that he can write whatever he wants in regards to the band. Exhausted, William reports to Rolling Stone's headquarters in San Francisco, armed with his notes, but still without his key interview with Russell. The editors are astonished to see that William is so young and their fact-checker rants about his notes, saying that they're so disorganized that she'll have a difficult time doing her job. William asks for a single night to finish the piece, and calls Lester Bangs, who tells him to be honest and truthful, suggesting that William shouldn't have allowed himself to befriend the band. The story that William types reveals everything, including Russell's 'golden god' speech and the airplane confessions. Once the band is contacted by Rolling Stone's fact-checker (Erin Foley), the band denies 90% of the story, and William is sent back to San Diego. At the airport, he runs into his sister Anita. Anita offers to take William on an adventure to anywhere... but the only place he wants to go is home. Anita joins William and they go to their home where Anita and Elaine reconcile and William crashes in his own bed. Sometime after, as Stillwater is going their separate ways, one Band-aide whom Penny knows named Sapphire (Fairuza Balk) meets up with Russell, chastising him for what happened to Penny as well as his ruining Williams' story. Nearby, some new groupies are mingling with the band. Sapphire comments how the new girls are not really fans, seeing as they don't love the music, are only into sex without birth control & eat the best food the caterers offer. After talking to Sapphire, Russell is compelled to call Penny and apologize, requesting to meet her. Penny gives him an address, but it is not until he arrives there that he realizes she has given him William's address. Russell first meets Elaine, whom allows him to talk with her son after telling him sternly that William is a fine young man and a trustworthy friend. Russell explains that he retracted his statement to Rolling Stone, confirming that the story was true. William then takes the opportunity to get what he never could before: a one-on-one interview with Russell about what he loves about music. Russell eagerly agrees and tells William that he loves "everything" about music. The film then ends with a montage of different clips that play over Led Zeppelin's "Tangerine": Stillwater goes back on tour, with their old bus 'Doris' as their main mode of transportation (with their 1974 tour called the 'No More Planes Tour'). Russell and Bebe have reconciled. William sits down to breakfast with Anita and his mother, who have reconciled. Finally, we see Penny at an airplane ticket counter, fulfilling her decision to go to Morocco. 
 Chasing Amy (1997)541) Holden and Banky are comic book artists. Everything's going good for them until they meet Alyssa, also a comic book artist. Holden falls for her, but his hopes are crushed when he finds out she's a lesbian. A pair of comic book authors named Holden McNeil and Banky Edwards, who live in New Jersey, have been best friends for 20 years. They spend their time working in their studio, and in the evenings they are going out. But their friendship is about to be disputed for the first time in their life, when a beautiful young lesbian woman named Alyssa Jones enters their life and Holden falls in love with her. Now Holden has to deal with Banky's jealousy, and with his new girlfriend's very rich past. rsilberman Holden and Banky are two average guys who just need someone to bring out their hidden secrets. Enter Alyssa Jones and Hooper LaMont, two homosexuals who are slightly more experienced than the former two. Together, Hooper and Alyssa show Holden and Banky that being gay isn't as bad as they might think. Meanwhile, Holden develops an 'untainted' love for Alyssa, one which she finally sees in him as well, taking Holden on a journey through the complexities of love in the 90s. Simon Friend Holden and Banky are best friends and authors of a popular comic book called "Bluntman and Chronic". Holden falls in love with Alyssa, also a comic book artist, who happens to be a lesbian. Holden's new relationship with Alyssa strains his life-long friendship with Banky, and soon the relationship between Holden and Alyssa hits a wall due to Holden not being able to deal with her past. Oliver Yun Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Holden McNeil (Ben Affleck) and Banky Edwards (Jason Lee) are comic book artists and lifelong friends. Holden is the calmer, more reasonable of the duo; Banky, meanwhile, is the caustic and short-tempered half. The story opens at a comic book convention in New York City where the two are promoting their latest comic series 'Bluntman and Chronic'. After Holden breaks up a fight between Banky and an antagonistic fan, they attend a panel discussion where they meet Alyssa Jones (Joey Lauren Adams). She is a struggling comic book writer whom is friends with the African-American comic book writer and activist Hooper (Dwight Ewell) who puts on this militant image to hide his flamboyantly gay personality. That evening, the four go out for drinks together at a local bar where Holden is attracted to Alyssa based on their conversation during a dart game. Through Hooper she invites Holden to a get together at a bar she frequents. Banks comes along and while there Alyssa is asked to sing a song. During the song Banky notices that they are in a female gay bar and that Alyssa is singing the love song to a woman in the audience and not to Holden who thinks the song is for him. The four of them end up at a booth and Alyssa and Banky have an involved conversation about sex with women while Holden broods, visibly upset about Alyssa being a lesbian. However, they have discovered they are both from the same area of New Jersey and the two begin hanging out, and a deep friendship develops. During their discussions it is clear that Holden has a very narrow heterosexual view on male female relationships and sex in general. The new friendship does not sit well with the homophobic Banky, who dislikes and distrusts Alyssa and is bothered by the relationship that develops between her and Holden. Holden and Banky's business relationship suffers as well -- the two had been on the verge of signing a lucrative deal to turn Bluntman and Chronic into television show and Banky feels that Holden is no longer taking their combined efforts or the TV show seriously. Eventually, Holden is no longer able to contain his feelings, and confesses his love to Alyssa. She is initially angry with him and walks away. Holden follows her and they have a heated discussion about their relationship and she walks away again. Holden is confused and while returning to his vehicle Alyssa runs up, they embrace and that night the two begin a romantic relationship. Banky walks in the next morning and finds them together sleeping on his couch in the studio. This new development worsens the tension between Holden and Banky who distrusts Alyssa and that his friend is going to be hurt when the relationship fails. Banky runs across an old friend who grew up with Alyssa who tells him a sexual adventure story from Alyssa's past. Banky reports to Holden that Alyssa participated in a threesome with two guys during high school, which earned her the nickname "Finger Cuffs" for getting it from both ends. Holden is deeply disturbed by this revelation, having believed based on their conversations about love and sex that he is the first man Alyssa had ever slept with. Holden asks advice from Hooper who tells him that if he wants his relationship with Alyssa to work, he must be honest and truthful and ask Alyssa about her past. Hooper also tells Holden he believes the issue with Banky is that Banky is jealous and in love with him and that his macho sexual banter is a disguise for his true feelings. The following evening, Holden confronts Alyssa while attending a hockey game and he clumsily attempts baiting her into confessing, which she eventually does, prompting her to storm out of the arena. During a tearful argument in the parking lot, she tells Holden about her youthful sexual experimentation involving men. She apologizes for letting him believe that he was the only man she had been with but justifies it by saying she could see that he took pleasure in the thought. However, she refuses to apologize for her past and Holden leaves feeling angry and confused. Later, during lunch at a local diner with the local stoners and drug dealers Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith), who were the inspiration for the Bluntman and Chronic comic book characters, Holden gives them their monthly residual pay for sales of the comic book. Here he confides in them about his troubled feelings and relationship with Alyssa. Speaking more than one line for the first time, Silent Bob mentions chasing Amy and reveals that he was once in a relationship "a couple of years ago" which was similar to Holden's. Despite the fact that he was in love with his girlfriend, Amy, his insecurities about her adventurous sexual past caused him to sabotage the relationship and leave her. Angry at himself for letting her go, he has "spent every day since then chasing Amy". Inspired by Silent Bob's story, Holden devises a plan to fix both his relationship with Alyssa and his fractured friendship with Banky. He invites them both over and tells Alyssa that he would like to get over her past and remain her boyfriend. He also tells Banky that he realizes that Banky is in love with him... kissing him passionately to prove the point. Holden suggests that the three of them should have sex with each other in a threesome so he will no longer be envious of Alyssa's broader experiences and it will resolve Banky's issues with them as a couple. Banky reluctantly agrees to participate. Alyssa is appalled and refuses, at which Banky expresses his relief. Alyssa tries to explain to Holden why his plan is so wrong. Before leaving, she states that she will always love him but her past is in the past and she will not be his whore and slaps him across his face. Banky then leaves without saying a word. One year later, the story has Banky busy promoting his own new comic book at a convention in New York. It is revealed that Holden has dissolved their partnership over Bluntman and Chronic, leaving the viewer with the assumption that he sold the publishing and creative rights over to Banky (which is corroborated in the beginning of 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back'). Banky looks over and sees Holden at a distance, who silently congratulates him for his success on the new book. Banky gestures over to a booth hosted by Alyssa who is promoting her own comic, and provides wordless encouragement with a hand gesture implying a coming together to Holden to go talk to her. Holden has a brief poignant conversation with Alyssa, and gives her a copy of 'Chasing Amy', his new comic based on their failed relationship. Holden asks her to contact him. After Holden leaves, Alyssa's girlfriend (Virginia Smith) comes back to the booth and asks who that was. Alyssa feigns indifference,casually tosses his comic on the floor behind her and replies, "Oh, just some guy I knew." She then turns to sign the next fan's material. 