nm0002939:

 Ayla: The Daughter of War (2017)Summaries In 1950, amid-st the ravages of the Korean War, Sergeant Sleyman stumbles upon a half-frozen little girl, with no parents and no help in sight. Frantic, scared and on the verge of death, this little girl captures the heart of Sleyman, who risks his own life to save her, smuggling her into his Army base and out of harms way. Not knowing her name and unable to communicate with her, Sleyman names her Ayla, in reminiscence of the moon on the fateful night during which they met. The two form an instantaneous and inseparable bond, and Ayla, almost effortlessly, brings an uncanny joy to the Turkish brigade in the grip of war. As the war comes to a close however, Sleyman's brigade is told that they will be returning home. Sleyman cannot bear abandoning Ayla, and does everything within his power to take her with him. After repeated failure, he is forced to give Ayla to an orphanage, but doesn't give up on the hope of one day reuniting with her. Will the two ever get back together? ahmetkozan The film takes place in the fifties of the last century. In the midst of the Korean War, Sergeant Suleyman from the Turkish UN Brigade finds a little Korean girl. She is very weak, shocked and does not know where her parents are. The man decides to save the baby and takes her to the army base. The soldiers cannot communicate with her because they do not know the language. However, the girl immediately becomes an outlet for soldiers exhausted by hostilities. She brings them real joy, and everyone takes care of her. But the war is gradually coming to an end, which means that Suleyman needs to return home. Peter-Patrick76 (peter-patrick@mail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 G.O.R.A. (2004)Summaries A slick young Turk kidnapped by extraterrestrials shows his great humanitarian spirit by outwitting the evil commander-in-chief of the planet of G.O.R.A. The film recounts the story of aliens kidnapping the carpet-seller Arif to the planet G.O.R.A. while Arif tries to find a way to get back to his planet, he falls in love with Ceku, the princess. Arif saves the planet from the evil commander-in-chief of G.O.R.A. and hence becomes a hero for the people. In this science-fiction comedy film, Cem Yilmaz played four different characters. BKM It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Muslum (2018)Summaries A biopic about turkish vocal artist Mslm Grses, drama, childhood, his life. Born into a poor family, witnessed the tragedy of his mother and his baby sister getting killed by his father in front of his eyes, a serious car accident, which he was first pronounced dead that left him partially deaf and gave him gestural and speaking difficulties, which later became part and parcel of his eccentric personality, a tumultuous relationship with a movie actress and singer who is 21 years older than him. Muslum found his redemption in music from the initial trauma that lingered over his musical and personal life as "internalizing the grief. He rose through his ashes of shattered dreams like a phoenix. He walked in darkness, sang songs filled with sorrow which stirred people's souls and created a cult following. They were calling him "Baba" (The Father). First he was the Father of the young, low-income urban misfits or rejects. With his eccentric personality, tender, mournful, resonant unique baritone voice and his unconventional vocal style, lyrics that conceal much of real poetry raw and tender he then became the Father of people from all socio-economic backgrounds. He redefined arabesque music and inspired a generation. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Where's Firuze? (2004)Summaries The tragicomic story of a young man who wants to be a famous singer It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 