nm0001470:

 The Golden Child (1986)44) A private detective specializing in missing children is charged with the task of finding a special child whom dark forces want to eliminate. Eddie Murphy plays a detective with a speciality of finding lost children. He is told he is the 'Chosen one' who will find and protect the Golden Child, a Bhuddist mystic who was kidnapped by an evil sorcerer. Murphy disbelieves the mysticism but finds more and more evidence of demon worship as he investigates. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> In an unknown location in Tibet, a young boy with mystical abilities, the Golden Child, receives badges of honor and demonstrates his power by reviving a dead bird, which is to become a constant companion. However, a band of villains led by a mysterious man breaks into the hidden temple, slaughters the monks and takes the boy away. Some time afterwards, a young woman named Kee Nang watches a Los Angeles TV show in which Chandler Jarrell, a social worker who is confronted by a young Asian woman who tells him that he is the Chosen One destined to save The Golden Child, the savior of all mankind, from the clutches of the evil demon Sardo Numspa, who won't rest until he sees to it that the boy is in his clutches. But Jarrell disbelieves the mysticism but he finds more and more evidence of demon worship as he starts investigating. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} When the mystical bearer of virtue and kindness, the Golden Child, is abducted by the mysterious Sardo Numspa, the fine balance between the forces of good and evil is disturbed with unforeseen consequences. To save humanity, the beautiful Tibetan Kee Nang recruits the Los Angeles-based freelance lost children searcher, Chandler Jarrell, to find the missing boy; however, his scepticism seems to get in the way. But soon, Jarrell will realise that all that stands between the Golden Child and the powers of darkness are his expertise, his skills and his determination to save the world. Is Chandler indeed the chosen one? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Broken Badges (1990 )Summaries Jack Bowman is a cop from New Orleans who doesn't exactly play by the rules. When he is sent to California on a brief assignment, he is wrongfully blamed for something he didn't do. To get out of the jam he's in, he recruits cops who are on psychiatric leave, Bullet Tingreedes, a female cop who's addicted to danger, Stanley Jones, a cop who walks around with a ventriloquist dummy and who has a short fuse when people make fun of his stature, and Toby Baker, a kleptomaniac. After sorting things out, the Chief of Police decides to form a unit with Bowman and them. And a psychiatrist, Priscilla Mather keeps an eye on them. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lost Angelas (2019)Summaries Best actress nominee Angela Rose is missing and the only lead to her over-publicized disappearance is her ex-fianc and struggling screenwriter, Jake Hart. Searching for Angela and haunted by memories he cannot explain, Jake journeys through the Hollywood underbelly and discovers a secret connection he has with a vanished movie star, also named Angela, who disappeared thirty years ago. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Men of War (1994)Summaries A former Special Ops soldier leads a group of mercenaries to an island in the South China Sea: their mission is obtain the rights to the unusual treasure that the island beholds. Nick Gunar (Dolph Lundgren) is a burnt-out, jaded and hard-up former mercenary who is having a difficult time adjusting to civilian life. At the end of his rope, he is hired by the Nitro Mine Corporation to strong-arm the natives of a South China Sea island into giving up their rights to its valuable mineral resources. Nick loathes the thought of another mission, but this seemingly easy job will earn him enough money to get back with his estranged family. He recruits some of his former mercenary buddies to help him with the job. The island people refuse to give up their land and Nick decides to help them fight the greedy corporation that hired him. The island and its people bring Nick back to life. He finally finds something worth fighting for and a place to call home. As greed and treachery begin to unravel, Nick's band of mercenaries choose sides. Some are with him and others, still working for the corporation, will stop at nothing to destroy him. anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 