nm0011822:

 Playback (1996)Summaries The marriage of David, a senior executive, and his beautiful wife, Sara, an interior designer, is under great strain because he is in the process of putting together the biggest telecommunications merger in the history of the business. She suggests that they attend a kinky sex club to revitalize their marriage and help him to relax. However, his problems are exacerbated by a huge power struggle at his office between Karen, Gil and himself. Karen, a beautiful, ambitious, ruthless, senior executive, is determined to take over this merger at any cost. To further her aims she hires the services of sleazy divorce private detective Ernie to spy on David and Sara's. At the date of the merger draws near and all the blackmail and dirty tricks start to play themselves out, who will come out the winner? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dumb and Dumber (1994)651) After a woman leaves a briefcase at the airport terminal, a dumb limo driver and his dumber friend set out on a hilarious cross-country road trip to Aspen to return it. Harry and Lloyd are two good friends who happen to be really stupid. The duo set out on a cross country trip from Providence to Aspen, Colorado to return a briefcase full of money to its rightful owner, a beautiful woman named Mary Swanson. After a trip of one mishap after another, the duo eventually make it to Aspen. But the two soon realize that Mary and her briefcase are the least of their problems. Sam Lloyd Christmas is a limo driver who's a few beers short of a six pack. His equally clueless roommate Harry Dunn is an operator for a mobile pet grooming service called "Mutt Cutts". One day Lloyd is assigned to pick up a wealthy customer for a ride to the airport. He believes this customer - named Mary Swanson - is the most beautiful woman he's ever seen. Little does Lloyd know that Mary is the victim of an elaborate kidnapping and extortion plot, and that the trip to the airport was supposed to be the payoff to release her kidnapped husband. Lloyd grabs the briefcase and that sets off a chain of events that see him and Harry going to Aspen, Colorado hell bent on delivering the briefcase to Mary. But along the way, they meet nearly every seedy and shady character involved in the conspiracy. But Lloyd doesn't know that the briefcase he's set on delivering to Mary contains nearly $5 million in cash. And his friendship with Harry is tested at every stop along the way, will they make it to Aspen and live the high life? Or face the wrath of the kidnappers and the FBI? halo1k Lloyd and Harry are two lovable and friendly, but very stupid friends, who struggle with every aspect of life. Working as a limo driver, Lloyd drops off the beautiful Mary at the airport and instantly falls in love with her. Watching Mary through a window, Lloyd witnesses her leave her case behind. Grabbing her case, Lloyd is too late, but soon thinks of the next best thing. Dragging Harry with him, Lloyd heads off to Aspen to deliver the case to her personally. However, Mary isn't the only person after the case, as a pair of criminals are after the same case. FilmFanUk Lloyd Christmas is a loser limo driver, who tries to return a suitcase which contains a lot of money to its owner, a beautiful woman named Mary Swanson who he took in his limo to the airport, earlier. He must give her back the suitcase, and for that he goes with his dumb partner, Harry Dunne to a snowy town named Aspen. But a pair of criminals who wants the money try to follow them and to steal the money in the suitcase. Moreover, Harry and Lloyd both fall in love with Mary, and they struggle each other to win her heart. rsilberman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lloyd Christmas is a simple-minded limousine driver in Providence, Rhode Island, who becomes infatuated with his passenger, Mary Swanson, as he drives her to the airport. Mary is heading home to her family in Aspen, Colorado, but leaves a briefcase at the airport. Lloyd notices, and retrieves the briefcase before a pair of thugs arrive to pick it up, dashing ahead of them to snag the briefcase. Lloyd is unable to catch Mary in time, and is left on the ramp of the airport with briefcase in hand (after having run off the end of a jetway). Harry Dunne, Lloyd's roommate, is in the pet grooming business, and has recently spent his life savings converting his van (a 1984 Ford Econoline) into a "sheepdog". Both Lloyd and Harry quickly lose their jobs due to preventable accidents, and the two are distraught over their situation. Thinking Lloyd is a "professional" hired by the Swansons, or perhaps an FBI agent, the thugs exact revenge on Harry and Lloyd. Shortly after returning home, Lloyd and Harry are alarmed by the thugs at their door, one of them being armed. Believing them to be debt collectors, the two escape through their back window with the briefcase. While the pair are out looking for new jobs, the thugs behead Harry's pet parakeet. After they return home, Lloyd goes out to purchase some beer and other goods, but ends up getting robbed by "a sweet old lady on a motorized cart". Unhappy with life in Providence, Lloyd insists to Harry that they should leave their messed-up lives in Providence behind and head for Aspen to return the briefcase to Mary. Harry is at first skeptical of the idea, but agrees to do so after being persuaded by Lloyd. They leave the next day, and the thugs learn of their intentions and pursue the two Aspen-bound men. On their way to Aspen, Harry and Lloyd have several misadventures. They stop at a diner for food, and Harry gets his burger spat on by Sea Bass (Cam Neely) after Harry unintentionally threw a salt shaker at him. Harry and Lloyd try to reconcile with Sea Bass and his friends by offering to buy them all beers, but Lloyd decides to put the beers (as well as some other items) on Sea Bass' account and they manage to escape, only to be briefly pulled over by a police officer (Harland Williams) in Pennsylvania. Days later, Harry and Lloyd pick up one of the thugs, Joe 'Mental' Mentalino (Mike Starr), who says that his car broke down, and the other thug (Karen Duffy) follows them. When the trio stop at a restaurant for lunch, Lloyd and Harry inadvertently kill 'Mental' by accidentally feeding him rat poison. Later, the two wind up separating when Lloyd accidentally takes a wrong turn and drives them to Nebraska instead of Colorado. With the two virtually out of gas and Harry being infuriated by Lloyd's mistake, he begins walking home, but Lloyd is able to trade the van for a small scooter, he catches up with Harry and the two proceed to Aspen. Unable to remember Mary's last name, or locate her in the phone directory, the two spend a cold night in a park. They end up in a scuffle, and in the process discover that the briefcase is filled with a large sum of cash, as ransom money she had left at the airport terminal in exchange for her kidnapped husband, unbeknownst to Lloyd. The two decide to spend it 'responsibly' and keep track of all expenditures with "I.O.U.'s", but they end up living extravagantly: they check-in at a luxury hotel, buy a Lamborghini Diablo, have full body make-overs, and get expensive, gaudy candy-colored tuxedoes (sky-blue for Harry, tangerine for Lloyd) complete with matching top hats and canes. Lloyd tries to use the money to woo Mary before revealing he has the briefcase, but Mary ends up befriending Harry, whose stupidity she mistakes for intentional humor. Harry and Lloyd both mistake Mary's friendship with Harry as a romantic interest. This belief leads to friction between the two friends. One night, Lloyd heads to Mary's house to reintroduce himself. He also asks her to come with him to his hotel to return the briefcase. Shortly after the two are found by the man behind the kidnapping plot, Nicholas Andre, a long time confidant of the Swanson family, who holds the two in the hotel room at gunpoint. When Lloyd reveals all the money is gone, replaced with I.O.U.'s, the kidnapper freaks and handcuffs Mary and Lloyd on the bed. Harry comes in the hotel room and is also put on the bed. Harry demands to Andre that he shoot him. Andre does, and as Lloyd is about to be killed, Harry emerges again and shoots a gun at Andre, but misses all the shots. The FBI intercede, and it is revealed that the FBI was aware of Andre's presence and the kidnapping scheme, and equipped Harry with a gun and a bulletproof vest as he entered the hotel. Mary is reunited with her husband, much to Lloyd's dismay, who did not even realize Mary was married. Lloyd has a vision of himself murdering her husband, but it is interrupted when Mary introduces her husband to him. With no money, the two begin to walk home. Along the way, they inadvertently turn down a chance to be oil boys for Hawaiian Tropic bikini models directing them instead to a nearby town. They then walk off together, saying to each other how two lucky guys will get to tour all over the country rubbing down the girls before shows. Harry reassures Lloyd that "someday we'll get our break too, we've just got to keep our eyes open". 
 T.N.T. (1997)Summaries The Tactical Neutralization Team, or T.N.T., is a squad of elite soldiers sent on top-secret, near-suicidal missions around the world. After one of their missions ends in failure, team member Alex decides he's had enough of the special-op life and calls it quits. His commanding officer, however, doesn't want the security risk of a former member walking around, so he assigns another member of the team to hunt down Alex and retire him permanently. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Renegade (19921997)321) After crooked cop Lieutenant "Dutch" Dixon kills his girlfriend and frames him for murder, Reno Raines escapes from jail and goes on the run. After crooked cop Lieutenant "Dutch" Dixon kills his girlfriend and frames him for murder, Reno Raines escapes from jail and goes on the run. Teaming up with Bobby Sixkiller and Cheyenne Phillips, Reno works as a bounty hunter while searching for the only man who can clear his name. Marg Baskin <marg@asd.raytheon.ca> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens with Reno Raines, an ex-Army Ranger who has joined the San Diego police department. His old friend, district attorney (D.A.) Harry Wells arranges for Reno's transfer to Bay City, California. Harry has recruited Reno to work undercover and gather evidence on dirty cops (corrupt police officers). Reno gathers evidence that dirty cop Buzzy Burrell has committed murder and robbery. He reports this to Harry, in the presence of police lieutenant Donald "Dutch" Dixon who is Buzzy's partner. At the time Reno is unaware that Dutch is also a corrupt cop and an accomplice of Buzzy. Buzzy and Dutch help convicted killer Hogg Adams to escape from prison. In return, they ask him to murder Reno. Hogg soon invades Reno's hotel room, but Reno is missing at the time. The only one present in the room is Valerie Prentiss, Reno's fiance. Hogg kills Valerie and then flees the scene. Buzzy rushes into the hotel room to see if Reno is dead, and his presence is noticed by others. Dutch covertly follows Buzzy, and kills his own partner with Reno's weapon. Dutch successfully frames Reno for Buzzy's murder. Reno becomes a fugitive from the law. Dutch sends professional bounty hunter (and retired Marine) Bobby Sixkiller to capture Reno. Reno, however, manages to gain Bobby's trust and befriend him. Bobby offers him work as a bounty hunter. Reno uses the alias "Vince Black" while capturing various wanted people. He then turns them over to Bobby, who delivers them to the authorities in exchange for a cut of the reward money. Reno does not dare deliver the wanted people himself, as someone could recognize him. Reno learns that some of the wanted people are also wrongly suspected of crimes, and helps these people to gather exonerating evidence. Reno's real identity is revealed to several trustworthy people, who refuse to turn him in. Meanwhile, Dutch becomes a US federal marshal, and uses his new connections to hunt down Reno. After a couple of years on the run, Reno falls into one of Dutch's traps and is arrested. He is placed on trial for Buzzy's murder. Hound Adams (Hogg's brother) knows what happened that night and agrees to serve as a defense witness. Hound is convinced by Dutch to switch sides and he implicates Reno in the murder. Reno is sentenced to death. Reno soon manages to escape prison with the help of a dying convict. The convict had received bribe money from Dutch to kill Reno, but chose instead to gather incriminating evidence on Dutch. These evidence are left in the custody of the convict's lawyer. Towards the end of the series, Dutch finds out that his own Melissa was trying to turn him in. He kills Melissa, and frames Reno for her murder. Their adult son Donald Dixon Jr., seeks revenge for his mother's death. During a confrontation with Reno, Dutch shoots and wounds his own boss, Marshal Jack Hendricks. Dutch flees the scene and becomes a fugitive from the law. The marshals place a reward for Dutch's capture. Reno has failed to clear his own name, but now has the option of hunting down his archenemy and collecting the bounty. At this point, the show has an ambiguous ending, leaving the final fates of Reno and Dutch unresolved. 