nm0009231:

 Hot Springs Hotel (1997 )Summaries Brother and Sister, Randy and Kat, own the Hot Springs Hotel and along with Kat's Friend Lacey get into all kinds of shenanigans with their staff and customers. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Killing Point (2002 Video)Summaries The featured character Gavin Mathews from the hit movie "Lessons of Assassin returns in this action-packed thriller to avenge the death of his wife. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Eating L.A. (1999)Summaries An obese, hypochondriac dad and his aspiring rock star son take an 'eating trip' of Los Angeles while they attempt to heal their ailing relationship, cope with the father's Binge Eating Disorder, and reconcile the son's failed musical dreams with a lifetime of corporate drudgery in the family business. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lessons for an Assassin (2003)Summaries Criminal Gavin Matthews finds himself an unwilling recruit, who's identity and past has been erased by "The Corporation," a secret underground organization that acts as a rogue "Justice Department," righting the wrongs the courts cannot. Now, held with other "recruits" at The Corporation's training and reeducation facility, Matthews and the others will become useful and professional assassins...or they will be eliminated. As his training is completed, Matthews and his trainer discover The Corporation's true purpose and learn they are to be eliminated when their assignment is complete. Now they must execute their own form of justice before it's too late. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 