nm0000580:

 The Fifth Element (1997)651) In the colorful future, a cab driver unwittingly becomes the central figure in the search for a legendary cosmic weapon to keep Evil and Mr. Zorg at bay. In the twenty-third century, the universe is threatened by evil. The only hope for mankind is the Fifth Element, who comes to Earth every five thousand years to protect the humans with four stones of the four elements: fire, water, Earth and air. A Mondoshawan spacecraft is bringing The Fifth Element back to Earth but it is destroyed by the evil Mangalores. However, a team of scientists use the DNA of the remains of the Fifth Element to rebuild the perfect being called Leeloo. She escapes from the laboratory and stumbles upon the taxi driver and former elite commando Major Korben Dallas that helps her to escape from the police. Leeloo tells him that she must meet Father Vito Cornelius to accomplish her mission. Meanwhile, the Evil uses the greedy and cruel Jean-Baptiste Emanuel Zorg and a team of mercenary Mangalores to retrieve the stones and avoid the protection of Leeloo. But the skilled Korben Dallas has fallen in love with Leeloo and decides to help her to retrieve the stones. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Unbeknownst to him, Korben Dallas--a former special forces commando, and now a mid-twenty-third-century New York City cab driver--finds himself caught in the middle of an aeons-old war when the immaculate being, Leeloo, crashes into his taxi. In search of the perfect weapon that can save humanity from an all-powerful force of pure evil, Korben, Leeloo, and the space-priest, Vito Cornelius, struggle to unearth the mysterious "fifth element", as the scheming industrialist, Zorg, is already after the other four. Now, in the ultimate battle between good and evil, Leeloo seems to hold the key to Earth's salvation; however, is the world worth saving? Nick Riganas Two hundred and fifty years in the future, life as we know it is threatened by the arrival of Evil. Only the Fifth Element can stop the Evil from extinguishing life, as it tries to do every five thousand years. She is assisted by a former elite commando turned cab driver, Korben Dallas, who is, in turn, helped by Prince/Arsenio clone, Ruby Rhod. Unfortunately, Evil is being assisted by Mr. Zorg, who seeks to profit from the chaos that Evil will bring, and his alien mercenaries. David J. Gannon <dganno01@exch.eds.com> There are cycles in the Universe when great evil threatens all life in the Universe. The Ultimate weapon against evil, devised long ago, is called "The Fifth Element", stored on Earth for safekeeping. When a Professor discovered it in the 1910s, he found it very astonishing. However, a group of beings known as the Monascheiwans came to Earth to take the fifth element to utilize it for their own well-being, promising to return it in time for the next cycle. In the distant future of the 2200s, the Earth is a very different place, yet much the same. People smoke, break laws, make messes. In the megalopolis of New York City, a former elite commando named Korban Dallas is now a taxi driver. As the Monascheiwans were returning the Fifth Element to Earth to fend of the rising evil, they are destroyed by a ruthless race of beings known as Mangalores. Discovered in the remains of the Monascheiwans' ship, is a remnant of the Fifth Element, from which they re-create "the perfect being", The Fifth Element, named "Leeloo", who drops in on Korban Dallas in his cab, literally. Dallas keeps her free from government control and brings her to a priest named Vito Cornillius, who, seeing the coming Evil in the prophecies, is attempting to find the Elemental Stones needed to power the Fifth Element. He is getting in the way of a ruthless businessman named Zorg, who is already operating under the sway of Evil. John Wiggins Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story's premise is that every five thousand years, in conjunction with a planetary arrangement, a 'Great Evil' appears whose purpose is to destroy life. In preparation for the next appearance in 2263, a group of aliens called the Mondoshawan arrive on Earth in 1914 to extract the only weapon capable of defeating the Great Evil, a collection of four stones representing the Classical Elements (Water, Fire, Earth and Air) and the eponymous Fifth Element that conjugates the other four into organic life. The stones are kept in a hidden chamber inside a small temple in Egypt, where an archaeologist has been studying the runes that tell their history. After taking the stones and a sarcophagus housing the fifth element, the Mondoshawans present a key to a priest and tell him to pass the information provoking their mission through future generations in preparation for the Evil's arrival. Three hundred years later, In 2263, the Great Evil appears and in the form of a fiery planet and destroys an fleet of interplanetary battleships. When the battleships fire missiles on the planet, the planet doubles in size. On Earth, the world's president consults with his military and science advisers about the approaching planetoid. When the Mondoshawans attempt to deliver the Elements back to Earth, they are ambushed by another alien race, the shape-shifting Mangalores. The president is informed that the stones are not at the crash site but instead were given by the Mondoshawans to someone they could trust, the diva Plavalaguna, who will be performing on the leisure planet, Fhloston Paradise. ParadisEarthly scientists are able to recover a portion of the Fifth Element and use a reconstitution device to recreate it, whereupon it takes the form of an human woman named "Leeloo" described as "the perfect being". Leeloo, terrified of her unfamiliar environs, escapes the scientists and crashes the roof of a cab belonging to taxi driver Korben Dallas, a former major in the Federated Army's Special Forces. Dallas then delivers her to Priest Vito Cornelius, the current guardian of the Mondoshawans' knowledge. Dallas, Cornelius, and his acolyte David help Leeloo recover, though Dallas is forced out of Cornelius' apartment before learning her purpose. Cornelius learns from Leeloo that the four Elements were not held by the Mondoshawans, and that Leeloo must recover the stones from the diva. Meanwhile, wealthy industrialist Jean-Baptiste Emmanuel Zorg has attempted to gain the stones as urged by communication with the Great Evil. After learning that the Mangalores' attack on the Mondoshawans was unsuccessful in recovering the stones, Zorg betrays and kills them, whereupon the surviving Mangalores decide to extract revenge and gain the stones for themselves. Dallas is later met at his apartment by his General Munro, who informs him that he has been drafted back into the Army in order to travel to meet the Diva, having rigged the annual Gemini Croquette Contest to allow Dallas to win. Their meeting is interrupted by the arrival of Cornelius and Leeloo. Dallas, learning of Leeloo's need, offers to help, but is knocked out by Cornelius, who steals his winning transportation tickets and departs. Dallas accepts the job from General Munro and travels to John F. Kennedy International Airport, intercepting Cornelius, David, and Leeloo before they board their flight, and escorts Leeloo. The Mangalores and Zorg's assistant are rebuffed by the ticketing agent when they try to pose as Dallas. Cornelius instructs David to prepare the temple in Egypt and then sneaks aboard the passenger spaceplane before it leaves. On the flight, Dallas meets interstellar radio personality Ruby Rhod, who escorts him as the contest winner. Upon arrival at Fhloston Paradise, Dallas is taken by Ruby to prepare for the show, while Leeloo waits near the Diva's quarters in order to retrieve the stones from her after her performance. The Diva's show is interrupted by the Mangalores, and the Diva is fatally shot. Dallas learns from her dying words that the Diva has hidden the stones inside her body; after she dies, Dallas removes them from her abdomen, giving them to Ruby to hold as he defeats the Mangalores and saves the rest of the passengers and crew. Leeloo is able to defeat the Mangalores that attempt to ransack the Diva's quarters. Zorg, having flown himself to Fhloston, fights Leeloo at the Diva's quarters, injuring her and forcing her to retreat. He takes the case he believes contains the stones while starting a time bomb. When Dallas goes to recover Leeloo, Zorg finds the case to be empty. Zorg re-enters the liner just as Dallas, Leeloo, Cornelius, and Ruby leave it on Zorg's ship while the rest of the passengers escape in the liner's emergency craft. Zorg is able to stop his bomb; but the defeated Mangalores activate another bomb, destroying Zorg and the liner. The four return to the temple on Earth as the Great Evil rushes towards the planet. There, Dallas finds Leeloo disillusioned and unwilling to perform her role, believing that humans will destroy themselves despite her rescue of them. As the protagonists arrange the stones in the temple to form their weapon, they are briefly baffled by their ignorance of the weapon's operation, but discover that each stone is triggered by the presence of the Classical element to which it corresponds. Dallas then convinces Leeloo to perform her role, embraces her, and kisses her. At this, Leeloo releases the weapon's "Divine Light", causing the Great Evil to become a new moon in Earth's orbit. Later, the President and General Munro go to the reconstitution lab to congratulate Dallas on his successful mission, but he and Leeloo are unavailable, despite the president's assertion that he is in a hurry. Viewers then see he and Leeloo are making love in the resurrection chamber. 
 Beverly Hills, 90210 (19902000)Summaries A group of friends living in Beverly Hills, California make their way through life from their school days into adulthood. Originally based around the lives of a group of high school students living in the wealthy Beverly Hills neighborhood, then later moving on to their college days as they got older. The kids become friends and enemies, fall in and out of love, and go through an endless series of crises as this small group somehow becomes personally involved in every newsworthy social issue from alcoholism to South African apartheid to pregnancy to AIDS. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Once Upon a Time... In Hollywood (2019)761) A faded television actor and his stunt double strive to achieve fame and success in the final years of Hollywood's Golden Age in 1969 Los Angeles. Quentin Tarantino's Once Upon a Time... in Hollywood visits 1969 Los Angeles, where everything is changing, as TV star Rick Dalton (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his longtime stunt double Cliff Booth (Brad Pitt) make their way around an industry they hardly recognize anymore. The ninth film from the writer-director features a large ensemble cast and multiple storylines in a tribute to the final moments of Hollywood's golden age. 1969. Rick Dalton was once the star of a highly popular TV series but a few bad choices have set his career back, leaving him wondering if he should quit showbiz altogether. His best friend is Cliff Booth, an aging stuntman who was Dalton's stunt-double in movies and TV. His career is largely over. While Booth ekes out an existence, Dalton still lives a life of relative luxury in Hollywood, rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous. In fact, his neighbours are Roman Polanski and Sharon Tate . grantss Set in Los Angeles, 1969. Over the hill TV actor, Rick Dalton, and his best friend and stunt-double, Cliff Booth, strive to reignite their careers as their failure is juxtaposed with the success of Rick's new next door neighbours: Sharon Tate Tate and Roman Polanski Rick and Cliff become unwittingly entangled with the infamous Manson family in the process. jmcrighton-892-694446 After a meteoric five-year rise to the top in the cut-throat world of dazzling Hollywood and a long decade of treading water, the once-young-and-popular action star, Rick Dalton, finds it difficult to swallow that the rapacious and always hungry for new blood film industry can do without him. Sensing that his career may be nearing its end, Rick along with his sympathetic confidant and former stunt double, Cliff Booth, face the grim possibility of a mundane new life in an ever-changing 1969 Los Angeles. Now, unlike his glamorous next-door neighbours--the young director fresh off the triumphant success of Rosemary's Baby (1968) , Roman Polanski , and the rising star of The Wrecking Crew (1968) , Sharon Tate --Rick has to make a difficult decision. Of course, none of them is aware that their fates, and their very lives, are on a collision course with a certain Charles Manson , and his army of ferociously zealous believers. Will Hollywood ever be the same after August 9, 1969? Nick Riganas Actor Rick Dalton gained fame and fortune by starring in a 1950s television Western, but is now struggling to find meaningful work in a Hollywood that he doesn't recognize anymore. He spends most of his time drinking and palling around with Cliff Booth, his easygoing best friend and longtime stunt double. Rick also happens to live next door to Roman Polanski and Sharon Tate -- the filmmaker and budding actress whose futures will forever be altered by members of the Manson Family. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a clip from an old Western TV series, "Bounty Law." It features action star Rick Dalton (Leonardo DiCaprio) in the lead role as Jake Cahill, a renegade bounty hunter. Following the clip is an interview with Rick and his stuntman, Cliff Booth (Brad Pitt), both of whom describe Cliff's role as essentially carrying Rick's load. Saturday, February 8th, 1969 Rick and Cliff are in a restaurant where Rick is met by producer Marvin Schwarz (Al Pacino). He is a fan of Rick's work, having seen a double feature presentation of his where he plays an action star, including one where he is a GI that incinerates Nazis with a flamethrower (which he kept). Marvin also brings up a cheesy music video Rick was featured in. "Bounty Law" has since been canceled because of Rick's ongoing alcoholism (which is also why Cliff is his driver), and now Rick has booked a gig as a villain on the series "Lancer." Marvin thinks Rick ought to fly to Rome and shoot Spaghetti Westerns. Rick complains to Cliff about how this means that his career is going downhill, and he is now a has-been. Cliff drives Rick home, where they learn that Rick's new neighbors are director Roman Polanski (Rafal Zawierucha) and his wife, rising starlet Sharon Tate (Margot Robbie). Rick's mood turns around since he thinks that a big-time director like Polanski (hot off directing the recent thriller "Rosemary's Baby") can help reinvigorate his career. He goes to rehearse his lines for "Lancer" for the night. Cliff then drives home to his trailer, where he lives alone with his dog Brandy. Polanski brings Sharon to a party at the Playboy Mansion, where they meet with their friends Jay Sebring (Emile Hirsch), Steve McQueen (Damien Lewis), and Michelle Phillips (Rebecca Rittenhouse). Sharon goes dancing, while McQueen talks to Connie Stevens (Dreama Walker). He notes that Sharon is using Polanski to make Jay jealous, and Connie thinks that Sharon has a type - short men that "look like 12-year-old boys". Sunday, February 9th, 1969 After Polanski leaves, Sharon hangs out with Jay at her house. Visiting them is Charles Manson (Damon Herriman), claiming that he is coming to see his friends, the previous owners of the house that Polanski and Sharon now live in. He apologizes for the error and leaves. Cliff brings Rick to the set of "Lancer" for the day's shoot. He goes back to Rick's house after he asks Cliff to fix the antenna on his roof. He happens to spot Manson as he leaves, and he smiles and waves at Cliff. We then see a flashback to Rick talking to an old friend of his, Randy (Kurt Russell), into getting Cliff a gig. Randy shows reluctance since it is rumored that Cliff murdered his wife Billie (Rebecca Gayheart) and got away with it. The alleged incident is shown on a boat where Billie was nagging Cliff endlessly, but it cuts away before we see if Cliff really did shoot Billie with the harpoon gun he was holding. Randy brings Cliff to the set, where he meets Bruce Lee (Mike Moh), talking about wanting to fight boxer Muhammad Ali. When Lee catches Cliff laughing at what he's saying, he challenges him to a fight to see who knocks who on the ground first. Lee gets Cliff down first, and he retaliates by grabbing Lee and slamming him into a car. The two then go hand-to-hand until Janet (Zoe Bell), Randy's wife and fellow stunt coordinator comes in and is pissed to see Cliff and Lee fighting, and the huge dent that Cliff left in there, meaning he's fired. In the present, Sharon drives through Hollywood, where she goes to a local bookstore, and then goes to the local movie theater and sees that a film she is featured in, "The Wrecking Crew," is playing. She goes to the box office and asks for a ticket, but then asks if she gets any privilege for starring in the film. The manager comes out and recognizes Sharon from "Valley of the Dolls," and he invites her in. Throughout the film, Sharon listens to the audience's enthusiastic reactions to her performance, with laughter and cheering at the right moments. Meanwhile, Rick goes through his hair and make-up for "Lancer." He then sits down next to his eight-year-old co-star Trudi (Julia Butters), who is a method actor. Rick smokes a cigarette near her as she reads her book. They have a conversation about the books they are reading, and Rick has a small breakdown over his perceived decline in stardom. Shooting begins, and Rick works with the series lead actor, James Stacey (Timothy Olyphant), who plays protagonist Johnny Madrid. During the take, Rick forgets his lines due to being drunk. He goes to his trailer and has a meltdown, but then vows to do better. Elsewhere, Cliff drives home from Rick's place and sees a hitchhiker called Pussycat (Margaret Qualley), whom Cliff has noticed throughout the weekend. He picks her up and agrees to take her to the Spahn Ranch, where Cliff used to shoot films with Rick. When they get there, Cliff sees that the place has become some kind of commune for hippies, mostly consisting of women. Pussycat tells Cliff that he should stick around to meet Manson, but he wants to speak with the ranch's elderly owner, George Spahn (Bruce Dern). The women warn Cliff that Spahn is sleeping, but he goes over to his house anyway. He is met by Lynette "Squeaky" Fromme (Dakota Fanning), who also reiterates that Spahn is asleep because she just had sex with him. Cliff goes to wake Spahn up, but he doesn't recognize Cliff since he is blind. He asks Spahn if the women there are taking advantage of him, but Spahn denies it and tells Cliff to leave. Outside, Cliff sees one of the male hippie's stuck a knife in his front tire. He gets his stuff out and orders the man to fix it, but is given a "fuck you." Cliff responds by decking the guy hard in the face three times in front of the other women. One of the Manson girls gets a horse and runs to get Tex Watson (Austin Butler), but Cliff is already driving away by the time he arrives. Back on the "Lancer" set, Rick shoots a scene where he has Trudi's character hostage, and Scott Lancer, played by Wayne Maunder (Luke Perry), comes to intervene. Rick improvises his slimy villain character and has a moment where he throws Trudi off of him. After the take, he is praised by both the director and Trudi, who tells Rick that it was the best acting she has ever seen in her life. The comment even moves Rick to tears. Cliff and Rick go back to the latter's house to watch the episode of FBI her appears in. As they are watching, we cross cut to Schwaz, who makes a phone call regarding Ricks' career. The screen fades to black. Six months later. A voice-over from Randy states that Rick and Cliff ended up flying to Rome to shoot the Spaghetti Western films. While there, Rick met and married Italian film actress Francesca Capucci (Lorenza Izzo). August 8th, 1969 Rick and Cliff have returned to Los Angeles, but now feel that it is time for them to go their separate ways. They spend one last night having drinks and hang out at Rick's home with Francesca. Meanwhile, Sharon, now very pregnant, is having a small gathering with Jay and their friends Wojciech Frykowski (Costa Ronin) and Abigail Folger (Samantha Robinson). Cliff takes out a cigarette he bought from Pussycat that was dipped in acid, and he proceeds to smoke it to trip out. Outside, Tex drives in front of the houses with fellow "family" members Patricia Krenwinkel, AKA Katie (Madisen Beaty), Susan Atkins, AKA Sadie (Mikey Madison), and Linda Kasabian, AKA Flowerchild (Maya Hawke). They arrive intending to kill Sharon and her friends, but a drunk Rick comes out and angrily yells at them because their car's busted muffler is making too much noise. He orders them to leave, even as Katie appears to be reaching for her gun, but Tex drives away. At the bottom of the hill, the four recognize Rick from TV, and Sadie suggests that they kill him and whoever else is in his house. The others agree, but as they start walking there, Flowerchild says she forgot her knife. Tex gives her the car keys to get it, but she ends up ditching them and driving away. The three then proceed to carry out their plan. The Manson trio walks up to Rick's house. Tex and Katie break in through the front door, while Sadie goes in through the side. Cliff sees them, but because he is tripping, he is neither frightened nor absolutely sure of what he is seeing. Even as Tex draws his gun on Cliff, he instead sics Brandy on Tex, who viciously chomps into Tex's arm and groin. Sadie tries to run up to Cliff with her knife, but he chucks a can of dog food at her, which smashes into her face. Cliff stomps Tex's face in until he is dead before grabbing Katie and brutally smashing her face against the hard furniture until she is dead too. Brandy gets a few bites into Sadie as well, but she runs out the back glass door, flailing and shrieking into the pool, where Rick is lounging. He then comes out with his flamethrower and torches Sadie, who burns to death in his pool. In the chaos, Cliff gets stabbed in his right hip by Katie, but non-fatally. Paramedics and police arrive at the scene. Cliff is taken to the hospital for his injuries, while Francesca is freaked out by the ordeal. After Rick says bye to Cliff, he sees Jay calling to him from Sharon's gate. Rick explains what happened, and Jay recognizes Rick from TV. Jay tells Sharon who her neighbor is, and they invite him to come over for a drink. Rick agrees, and he finally meets Sharon and her friends. 
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1992)66) Flighty teenage girl Buffy Summers learns that she is her generation's destined battler of vampires. Buffy Summers (Kristy Swanson) has the lifestyle any young woman could want. Cheerleading, dating the Captain of the basketball team, and copious amounts of time spent shopping with friends. She had no idea of her true calling until a mysterious man named Merrick (Donald Sutherland) approached her and told her that she is the Slayer; one woman called to defend the world from vampires. Reluctant to concede to the fact, Buffy soon learns that Merrick speaks the truth and so begins to take her new life seriously while trying to maintain the sense of normality her life had once been. With her best friends slowly abandoning her, Buffy finds solace in the town outcast, Pike (Luke Perry), who knows very well the terrors that have arisen. Together, they combat the forces of the old and powerful vampire, Lothos (Rutger Hauer), who has his eyes set on Buffy. Vampire-Sharpshooter "Since the dawn of man, the vampires have walked among us, killing and feeding. The only one with the strength or skill to stop their heinous evil is the slayer, she who bears the birthmark, the mark of the coven. Trained by the watcher, one slayer dies and the next is chosen." In 1992 Los Angeles, the new vampire slayer is cheerleader Buffy. Three bodies have been found with "really gross hickeys" on their necks. It takes Merrick the Watcher some time, but he finally convinces Buffy that she is indeed the chosen one. When Merrick is killed by the master Lothos and Buffy links up with nerdy Pike, she realizes how serious the vampire business really is. Things come to a head when vampires crash the senior prom. Buffy Summers (Kristy Swanson) thinks very highly of her keen fashion-sense. In fact, fashion, cheerleading, movies, and parties are all she ever thinks about. Then one day, Merrick (Donald Sutherland) approaches her; telling her she has a specific mission in life - killing vampires. What good is her "keen fashion-sense" in her new daily tasks? Lars J. Aas <larsa@colargol.edb.tih.no> Buffy Summers (Kristy Swanson) is an airhead cheerleader who is chosen by Merrick (Donald Sutherland) to defend the world from vampires. When Merrick first informs Buffy that she is the "chosen one", she thinks he's crazy, but then strange things begin to happen. First, Buffy's friend Cassandra (Natasha Gregson Wagner) and many other kids form her school turn up missing and are later found "dead" with bite marks on their necks. After many other strange ocurrences, Buffy then realizes that those bite marks were made by vampires, and that they really are out there. She comes to to horrifying truth that she is the "chosen one". Buffyfan Buffy Summers (Kristy Swanson) is a cheerleader. She shops and shops and, well, shops. That is until one day she comes across a man, Merrick (Donald Sutherland), who informs her that she is the "chosen one". She has been chosen to kill vampires and must now train to do so. With the help of her instructor she learns the kicks, moves, and attitude essential to any vampire killer. With the help of her friend, Pike (Luke Perry), she defeats master vampire Lothos (Rutger Hauer) and saves the planet. Michael Feller <reb@magna.com.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 