nm0010208:

 The Lords of Salem (2012)431) Heidi, a radio DJ, is sent a box containing a record - a "gift from the Lords". The sounds within the grooves trigger flashbacks of her town's violent past. Is Heidi going mad, or are the Lords back to take revenge on Salem, Massachusetts? Heidi, a blond rock chick, DJs at a local radio station, and together with the two Hermans (Whitey and Munster) forms part of the "Big H Radio Team." A mysterious wooden box containing a vinyl record arrives for Heidi, a gift of the Lords. She assumes it's a rock band on a mission to spread their word. As Heidi and Whitey play the Lords' record, it starts to play backwards, and Heidi experiences a flashback to a past trauma. Later, Whitey plays the Lords' record, dubbing them the Lords of Salem, and to his surprise, the record plays normally and is a massive hit with his listeners. The arrival of another wooden box from the Lords presents the Big H team with free tickets, posters and records to host a gig in Salem. Soon, Heidi and her cohorts are far from the rock spectacle they're expecting. The original Lords of Salem are returning and they're out for blood. UHM After receiving a mysterious LP in a strange wooden box from an unknown band, Heidi, a local radio DJ, is tricked into playing the bizarre record on air, triggering disturbing hallucinations and recurring ominous flashbacks. For fear of aggravating her old drug addiction, Heidi turns to the occult scholar, Francis Matthias, unbeknownst to her that, for the next seven days, she will plummet deeper into insanity, haunted by grotesque apparitions of primaeval witches whose coven thirsts for retribution. However, how is Heidi linked to Salem's evil past? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 1696, a man, Reverend Jonathan Hawthorne (Andrew Prine), writes with his quill pen about the witches of Salem and ridding it of Satan and his army. We cut to a ritual of the witches committing themselves to the devil. They strip their clothes off for the ritual and are dirty and surrounding a fire as they scream and chant. Monday Present Day. A young woman, Heidi Hawthorne (Sheri Moon Zombie), wakes up in her room naked after a night of drinking by her alarm clock. She takes her dog into the kitchen to feed him. She walks outside to get the paper and says 'hi' to her new neighbor, about to introduce herself but is ignored by her the door is then slammed shut. We see Apartment 5. She goes downstairs to walk her dog and the landlord Lacy (Judy Geeson) says there is no tenant in apartment 5 and no one has lived there since Heidi has lived in the building. Lacy say she'll check it out. She walks outside and suddenly we see a colorful spiral which reveals that Heidi is is a DJ in Boston and its the commercial. The station is hard/screaming rock. As Heidi and the other two DJ's, Whitey (Jeff Daniel Phillips) and Herman (Ken Foree) leave, she receives a package from a group listed as The Lords of Salem. It's a wooden box with a vinyl record inside. She goes home with Whitey. He puts on the record, and it sounds horrible. As it plays, she starts to get weird. The record starts to play the same chanting done by the witches earlier. She has a vision of this and of one of the witches giving birth. Once he turns it off shes fine and tells him he can crash on the couch if he doesn't want to drive all the way home. She gets ready for bed and walks by her bathroom there is a ghost witch woman standing there. Tuesday Heidi goes to a group meeting before going to work (she is a recovering drug addict) at WIQZ radio. At the station, they are interviewing a man named Francis Matthias (Bruce Davison) who wrote a book about the Salem Witch Trials. They play the record she got in the mail, thinking its from a band called The Lords of Salem, over the airwaves and everywhere people are listing to it. Various women start dropping things and entering trances. The name of the song is The Lords of Salem. The guy, Francis, goes home and talks to his wife Alice (Mara Conchita Alonso), a local artist painter. The name of the song is bothering him. Heidi goes home and meets Lacy's sisters, Sonny (Dee Wallace) and Megan (Patricia Quinn) who have come to visit. Once she finally gets upstairs and turns the light on to feed her dog you can see a dead ghost witch hanging in the corner. She goes back downstairs to drink with the ladies. Megan, reads her palm, but it makes Heidi uncomfortable and she goes upstairs. We see a ghost walk by the hallway. Heidi is in bed watching an old movie. Her dog, Troy, gets outside and starts clawing and barking at the vacant room. Heidi gets him back inside but then the door starts to open by itself. Heidi's curiosity gets the better of her, and she walks towards the door. Inside the room, there is a neon red cross glowing. Heidi is drawn to it and puts her hands up to it, similar to how the witches were acting in the ritual. A demon appears behind her. Suddenly, we see Hell. She leaves the room and enters the hallway, only to see one of the old, naked, witches named Margaret Morgan (Meg Foster) telling her she is a daughter of Salem. She says for her to "Lead us again" and Heidi puts her arms out. We see an image of the scene from long ago and Heidi wakes up from her nightmare, however something in her room starts to shake. Wednesday Heidi walks to and enters a church. The priest tells her that God is always open and ready to listen. She seems upset. He tells her that he can tell she's a very sad girl. He starts to comfort her and when she tries to leave he kind of grabs her. He gives her a speech about angels sending people to Hell. He says she is a filthy whore and Christ cant save her, only he can. He starts screaming and goes crazy, when suddenly Heidi snaps awake. It was only a vision. The priest tells her he thinks she fell asleep and she runs out. While sitting outside with her dog, a ghost figure walking a dog starts towards her saying "We've been waiting for you." He vanishes, but then reappears. Meanwhile, Francis is at his own library reading a book about the witch trials. We cut to a vision of the ceremony from earlier in the movie. They took a woman and locked in a chamber by the fire where she burned,and the witches around her screamed. The woman had a mask on her face. Francis, back in reality, calls to his wife and asks her to do something for her play the last few notes printed in a book about the Lords of Salem. He wants to see if it is the same as the music Heidi got. Alice plays it on the piano, and he plays the tape of it. It's the same. Heidi goes to work, and the DJ's are announcing that The Lords are coming to Salem. They have sent them another package filled with concert tickets (though this concert never eventuates on-screen). They play the record. As it plays, Heidi starts to have visions and hear voices, freaking out and leaving the room to cry in the bathroom. At home, she sits alone, and we see rats in the hallway. Thursday Francis walks to the author of the book he was looking at. He tells him about the group The Lords of Salem that sent the record to Heidi. He wants to know if there's anything else about The Lords of Salem that he knows. The man that was writing his diary, Hawthorne, in the beginning of the movie thought the group of six were making music for the witches and his group eventually killed them. In the final sections of his diary, he talks about Margaret Morgan, one of the women, and how she put a curse on the women of Salem and put a curse on the man who wrote the diary's descendants (Heidi is one of them). Heidi is staying at her Whiteys house. She tells him she just had to get out of her apartment. She thinks that record is fucking with her. She suddenly starts to cough up blood. He calls 911. As he calls 911 she sees visions of ghost men surround him and knock him to the ground. They are wearing doctors outfits and are holding her down, cutting her open, pulling out her intestines and some type of alien baby figure. She snaps out of it. Heidi seems to be back at home, pops some pills, and goes to her bathroom freaking out. The picture on her wall starts bleeding (the figures in the painting resemble the ghost figures) and whispering Heidi over and over again. She leaves and goes to buy drugs. Friday Heidi is at home, listening to a tape on speaking French, while taking the drugs. There's a knock at her door. Its Lacy and her sisters. Meanwhile, Francis looks up Heidi's family tree online and finds out she's related to the reverend from the 1600s. He calls Heidi but shes asleep. The women are there taking care of her and tell him not to call back, he has the wrong number. They locked the dog in the bathroom and take Heidi, now drugged, into the hallway. They walk towards Room 5, talking to their master. They open the door, and as Heidi enters its a huge ballroom type place. She walks up the stairs, now with creepy face paint on. The Lord is at the top of the stairs and starts making a screaming noise. Heidi leaves the room and goes back into the hallway. She's back in bed. Saturday Whitey calls Heidi to make sure she's OK. Hes trying to ask her out, but she tells him shes fine. He offers to pick her up to take her to the gig, but she tells him shes fine to get there herself. He tells her hes there whenever she needs him. Francis walks to Heidi's place to see if she's all right. He tells Lacy hes there to see Heidi. She lets him in, saying that they can wait in her apartment until Heidi comes home (she's lying, as Heidi is upstairs sitting in her bathroom). The ladies talk to him, and he reveals hes there to give Heidi information. Lacy starts to yell at him, accusing him of wanting to "fuck her brain". He gets up to leave, and one of the sisters knocks him out with a frying pan. Heidi overhears them killing him with it as she crawls on her floor upstairs. Whitey shows up to get Heidi. The women try not to let him pass, but he gets upstairs. He knocks on her door but she is passed out on Heroin on her couch but after knocking repeatedly Heidi finally answers it, very doped up, falling into his arms crying. When Lacy appears Whitey get suspicious and worried that Heidi is so frightened, he asks her what is going on but Lacy tells Heidi to tell Whitey to wait outside. She does what she says begging Whitey to wait outside then she shuts the door to get ready and Lacy takes Whitey with her. Whitey takes Heidi to the concert hall, where Herman is wondering what on Earth is going on. When they arrive Heidi is higher than before and pale with bruises on her face. Herman is seriously worried but Whitey says they can deal with this tomorrow. Heidi then walks away from them and looks at them with tears in her eyes and sadly says "bye" and suddenly closes the door on them... locking them out of the Palladium to protect them. Mozart's Requiem plays as the dark Salem Palladium is lit up with a bright light when the curtain lifts up. We see Lacy, Sonny and Megan on the stage wearing 17th century rags. They kneel on the stage and chant to the audience members, saying "Satan come to us, we are ready." The ghost of Margaret Morgan and The Lords of Salem witches appear behind them on stage saying "Welcome, Whores of Satan. I can taste the foul stench of your ancestors rotting in the folds of filth between your legs, Heidi The One We have been waiting for you Heidi. We have always been waiting." the witches play The Lords theme with their hand made instruments sending Heidi and the other female descendants into a trance. Heidi stands on the balcony and removes her glasses and clothes as all the audience members strip their clothes off and the music plays. Heidi sits on the special spot they have made for her. Heidi suddenly appears in a different reality. The witches chant a little, and she starts to put her hands on her head, going crazy. All the audience members, now naked women with masks on, walk towards her. The ghost men, in priest outfits, sit on thrones, all of them stroking dildos as Heidi sits between two of them facing three others. They chant about riding a goat warning her that means excepting The Devil and other strange things. Heidi does strange things, and we see MANY strange visions. Heidi's wild side takes over and she chooses to ride the goat unaware of the serious consequences. There is a cross that says Jesus Saves on top of fire. We are now in what appears to be Hell. The witches surround Heidi talking about their Lord Satan. They keep touching her and just like in her vision she gives birth to a creature. Back on stage, the three women have their heads bowed in prayer when a bright light begins to shine on them so they open their eyes and look up ecstatic happy and staring up at Heidi whose tattoos have gone and her eyes rolled back making them completely white now in a crown and white robe, surrounded by a white light, standing on top of all the now dead naked women. Heidi, having given birth to the Antichrist, is now the Satanic Virgin Mary for the coven. The next day on the radio there is news report on the 32 deaths of the Salem Lifer Society found in the Palladium, and it appears to have been a mass suicide. There is no news on the missing Heidi. 
 The American War StorySummaries America's longest raging declared war - The War on Drugs - from the point of view of those fighting and dying on both sides of its front lines and the devastating consequences upon the families and communities caught in the crossfire. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 CBGB (2013)321) A look at the New York City punk-rock scene and the venerable nightclub, CBGB. CBGB follows the story of Hilly Kristal's New York club from its concept as a venue for Country, Bluegrass and Blues (CBGB) to what it ultimately became: the birthplace of underground rock 'n roll and punk. When Kristal had difficulty booking country bands in his club on the Bowery he opened his doors to other kinds of rock music. Kristal had one demand of the acts he booked; they could only play original music. No top 40's, no covers. It was the credo he lived by, support the artist at whatever the cost. Hilly Kristal ironically became known as the godfather of punk giving a chance to such bands as Blondie, Television, Ramones, Talking Heads, Dead Boys and The Police. anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A opening text informs the viewers that punk rock music did not start at CBGB, but in a basement in Connecticut. The story is mostly true. John Holmstrom (Josh Zuckerman) and Legs McNeil (Peter Vack) are in their basement talking about starting Punk Magazine. Hightstown, New Jersey. 40 years earlier in 1933. A baby escapes from his crib and runs away. His parents find him three miles away. 1972 Hilly Krystal (Alan Rickman) stands before a judge. He is divorced with two children and bankrupt again after a second failed attempt to open a nightclub. He walks around New York City with his dog and wanders into a small bar after picking up a junkie named Idaho (Freddy Rodriguez). He asks the bartender if they ever play music there and decides he wants to buy the bar. Hilly goes with Merv Fergueson (Donal Logue), his former partner, to his mother to ask for money to buy the bar, which he does. He calls it Hillys on the Bowery. His teenage daughter Lisa (Ashley Greene) shows up to tell him that she can't afford school anymore and is dropping out. She crashes there while Hilly and Merv work on the bar, building a stage. He wants it to be for country, bluegrass, and blues music. Merv, upset, leaves with Idaho. The name of the bar has now been changed to CBGB. Terry Ork (Johnny Galecki) shows up with his band, wanting to play there. He is the manager of the band Television. He convinces Hilly to let them play there, but only original music, even though they are a raw band. Hilly goes to find a man named Taxi (Richard de Klerk), a man who knows mechanics, to hire him to be a sound engineer. Television starts to play, but Hillys main concern is that they don't play too loud. Hilly goes with his dog to the homeless alley. There's a dead man outside. A police officer named Stan (Michael Massee) arrests Idaho, but leaves the body behind. Hilly goes back to the bar and pays some bikers to get Idaho out of jail. Back at the bar, the band starts to play, but Merv is passed out in the shower upstairs blocking the drain which almost causes an electrical accident. Meanwhile, his mother wants her money back, so they start delivering pianos to raise some, breaking a piano in the process. Thanks to Television, Hilly's bar GBCB's starts to gain publicity and Lisa wants to work there. Suddenly the bar is full and the punk magazine founders are hanging out there, hiring a girl named Mary. The band Talking Heads starts to play there, and Hilly invites Officer Stan to see them play. Suddenly Blondie, Patti Smith, Iggy Pop, and a million other bands are playing there. Punk Magazine releases their first issue. The Ramones show up, and they actually aren't very good. Despite the popularity of the club, they don't seem to be making any money because Hilly lets a lot of people in without paying cover charges and gives away a lot of free drinks. The Dead Boys perform there and become very popular. Genya Ravan (Stana Katic) the record producer and other girls start to go wild, and the place is getting insane. Stan shows up to tell Hilly that they've been getting complaints about the type of people the club attracts. He's also three months behind on his rent. He starts to kick out junkies, but the club becomes huge and no one is afraid of having sex or getting high in the bathrooms. The Ramones sign a record deal and suddenly they are everywhere, except CBGB's. Men come to collect the rent, but Hilly had been making deals with the bikers, so they come and beat them up and take them away. Lisa flips out because she didn't realize that her deadbeat father Hilly has not been paying the rent and insists on taking over the books. Hilly goes into the bathroom and leaves the water running while he falls asleep, completely flooding the upstairs, showing his irresponsibility. The bands keep coming, and Punk magazine is interviewing them and writing about sex, violence, and everything. Hilly starts managing the Dead Boys and wants Genya to produce them. While they perform one night, Hilly's mother shows up. Lisa forces Hilly into the office to talk with him and Merv about their finances. He doesn't care though. All he wants at the moment is to talk to Genya about producing the Dead Boys. Lisa goes to smoke a cigarette in the bathroom when she is visited by Idaho who doesn't mind peeing right in front of her. Hilly insists that The Dead Boys are going to be big. Genya goes to talk to Hilly. She doesn't want to produce them, but agrees to anyway. Hilly pulls out tons of money that he has been hoarding away to get them started. She goes ballistic on the band because they have stickers of swastikas on their amp. They're pretty stupid and don't even know what they mean. They go on tour but are a hot mess and crash their bus. Hilly goes to the bank and finds out he only has $300 left in his bank account. He takes it out of the CBGB account and gives it to Genya. Meanwhile, the band gets into a fight, and one of the members, Blitz, almost dies in a knife fight. Hilly tells Genya to make sure Blitz gets the money for his medical expenses and he leaves the Dead Boys to go back to his hometown to his old house. On the phone, Lisa yells at him to get back there because of all the people who are depending on him. Even though he insists hes done, he returns. Lisa tells him she's going to law school, and they all raised money to help pay to keep the club open. Just then, The Police audition. He says "There is definitely something there". A text appears that says "Hilly gave a stage to some 50,000 bands during CBGB's 33 year tenure." The final scene shows Hilly being interviewed by Punk Magazine. He says he opened CBGB because he thought country music would be the next big thing (and it was) in Nashville. The films closes with a series of texts which say that Blitz survived 17 stab wounds. Hilly managed the Dead Boys for over one year. The band recorded two albums before they imploded. The Ramones played 74 gigs at CBGB's in 1974. The band became so ironic that their music can be heard in TV commercials to this very day and CDs of their albums can be purchased at Starbucks. Debbie Harry was in every issue of Punk magazine. She was GBGB's pin up girl. To this day, her band, Blondie, has sold 40 million records worldwide. Patti Smith was the last artist to perform at GBCB's before its closing with a tribute to Hilly. She is considered the Godmother of Punk. When the Talking Heads were introduced into the Rock N Roll Hall of Fame in 2002, the banks thanked Hilly Kristal. Iggy Pop is widely considered the grand master of punk music. He is still known for his outrageous and unpredictable stage antics. Hilly's former business partner, Merv Ferguson, was born in England but lived most of his life in New York City. He always wore a construction worker's hard hat and no one ever found out why. Hilly's daughter, Linda Kristal, is currently a practicing attorney living in New York City. She is married with two children. Idaho was one of many street junkies that Hilly employed at CBGB's, usually working in the kitchen as a dishwasher. Taxi went on to sound mix for Bruce Springsteen, Ray Charles and many others. He mixed over 4,300 concerts in his career. In 2012, Yale University acquired John Holmstrom's archives. His art will be housed in the Beinecke Library along with the works of Eugene O'Neill, Mark Twain and Georgia O'Keefe. Legs McNeil became a senior editor at Spin magazine and wrote the book 'Please Kill Me' which is widely considered the preeminent text on the Punk movement. Fact: Jonathan the dog's bowls were considered legendary. The airing of the the Talking Heads induction ceremony in 2002 is shown over the closing credits. Dedicated to the late Hilly Kristal (September 23, 1931 - August 28, 2007) 
 Covert Affairs (20102014)Summaries Fresh out of the farm, Annie Walker must adapt to the challenging life of a CIA operative under the guidance of her handler, Auggie. But soon she realizes her recruit might have to do with her last boyfriend rather than her talent. A young CIA operative/trainee, Annie Walker, is sent into the field to work for the DPD (Domestic Protection Division). Auggie Anderson is a blind tech operative, and is Walker's guide in her new life in the CIA. Walker's cover story is that she works at the Smithsonian Museum. Alexander Soloviev Annie Walker has been newly employed by the CIA. A guy named Auggie is a blind tech operative and helps Annie through the chaotic job. Annie has been recruited for her language skills as she is fluent in six languages, but it may turn out that she was hired because of someone from her past. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 