nm0004025:

 Amnesiac (2014)431) A misery-esque tale of a man who wakes up in bed after an accident, suffering from memory loss. He begins to suspect that his wife isn't really his real wife and soon finds himself a prisoner in the house. The story of a man who wakes up in bed suffering from memory loss after being in an accident, only to begin to suspect that his wife may not be his real wife and that a web of lies and deceit deepen inside the house where he soon finds himself a prisoner. Anonymous AMNESIAC tells the story of a man who wakes up in bed suffering from memory loss after being in an accident, only to begin to suspect that his wife may not be his real wife and that a web of lies and deceit deepen inside the house where he soon finds himself a prisoner. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with a family of three traveling along a highway. The scene ends with a child screaming, and the male protagonist (Wes Bentley) is seen resting in a bed, in a large room, attached to hospital equipment. The female protagonist (Kate Bosworth) visits him dressed in formal business attire, which is a frequently re-occurring theme in the film. The male protagonist is shown to become suspicious of the female protagonist, who claims to be his wife. When she leaves to conduct errands, the male protagonist explores the house. After leafing through a photo album, he searches the basement where he finds a film projector, medical tools, anatomy charts and books, and a corpse hidden in a cabinet. He confronts the female protagonist when she returns home, who explains that the corpse is her first husband before knocking the man unconscious and drugging him. The male protagonist wakes up restrained to a bed, his captor being the female protagonist. She administers shock treatment, telling him that he must provide a family for her if he wishes the ordeal to end. When asked why the photo album contains no photographs of the female protagonist of her late husband, the two become involved in a physical confrontation. He attempts to subdue her, but is in turn subdued when hit with a nearby vase. He is restrained, but escapes briefly before being knocked unconscious. A visiting postman is killed by the female protagonist who pushes the body into the basement. A detective assigns an officer to investigate a report regarding a missing visitor, who is the mailman. While the female protagonist dismembers the postman downstairs, the officer comes to the door. She attempts to gain entry to the premises, and is promptly killed by the female character. It is at this point that the detective begins investigating the premises himself. The male protagonist asks about the little girl he sees in brief memory flashbacks. The female protagonist reveals a little girl in a cage and claims she is their daughter Audrey. When released, the girl grabs a knife and attacks. However, the female protagonist renders Audrey unconscious and puts her in a bathtub. The detective shows up at the front door, interrupting the female protagonist as she prepares to perform a lobotomy on the male protagonist. After sending the detective away, she goes to drown Audrey in the bathtub. The male character breaks free and renders his captor unconscious with the lid of the toilet, but collapses on the floor whilst the girl escapes from the house. He wakes in a hospital bed, where he is interviewed by the detective. On asking about the girl thought to be his daughter, it is revealed that she is actually the daughter of Mason Williams. Both protagonists willfully kidnapped Audrey hoping that the ransom money would pay for the female protagonist's fertility treatments. The male protagonist claims that his ex-captor killed all of the people discovered in the house, but the detective reveals that the she was never found. Dressed as a nurse, the female protagonist infiltrates the hospital and euthanizes her ex-hostage. 
 Tyrone (1999)Summaries Josh and Sam hit the road for one wild trip in this action-packed comedy. On the way from Washington, D.C., to New Orleans for the annual Mardi Gras celebration, the friends accidentally run over a dangerous escaped convict deep in the heart of Dixie. And it looks like the boys will never make it to the big party on Bourbon Street when the local backwoods sheriff mistakes them for drug traffickers. Ethan Suplee, Kevin Connolly and Coolio star. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 #Horror (2015)Summaries Six preadolescent girls face a night of terror when the compulsive addiction of an online social media game turns a moment of cyber bullying into a night of insanity. #HORROR is a film about the lives of six young girls, Sam, Georgie, Sofia, Francesca, Cat and Eva played by our ensemble of emerging actresses. Their world is one of money, success, leisure and decadence. This is a film about the HORROR of cyberbullying. This film is an integral insight on the pressure that girls take on as they grow in a world that is increasingly dependent on the promotion and attention that social media platforms provide yet prevent bullying. as well as the roles that parents must play regarding controlling their child's use of the internet and bullying plays such a terrifying role in society. These young girls are telling this story inside a glass mansion, filled with millions of dollars of artwork, as if they were living in a contemporary art museum. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cyber Bandits (1995)Summaries Jack boldly makes a play for the girlfriend of his mogul boss. He succeeds, but when she steals the VR device that the mogul has developed to become the world's most powerful man, the pair go fugitive with the data tattooed on Jack's back. A navigator aboard a millionaire's yacht, Jack Morris discovers that the millionaire's mistress has stolen the data for his secret Virtual Reality. To escape, they encrypt, miniaturize, and tattoo the data onto Jack's PL:back. The pair share a VR adventure on the run from the Millionaire's thugs, meeting up with a wild series of characters. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 