nm0002802:

 A Winter in Paris (2006)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Georges (Eddy Mitchell) and Pierrot (Sagamore Stvenin) are two thiefs working in a team. Their last coup hasn't worked out, but when Georges goes free after five years in prison, Pierrot still manages to persuade him to work together again for a robbery of precious jewellery. The new coup seems to go flawless in the beginning, but soon problems arise, because there are simply too many people involved: Louise, owner of the stolen jewels (Pascale Arbillot), is too attractive for Pierrot to resist, the man from the insurance who gave the tip is getting more and more nervous and the jewel dealers want more than their fair share of the deal. So everything starts to fall apart and more and more of the key players wind up dead. First one of the two jewel dealers is shot by Pierrot, then the insurance man who gave the tip is tipped over his balcony by Pierrot to make it look like a suicide. Meanwhile Pierrot starts an affair with Louise, whose husband is dying, even accompanying her to the police to make her statement. When the second jewel dealer returns from selling some of the jewels he wants to keep the money for himself, so Georges and Pierrot kidnap his wife and keep her in an empty villa. Georges gets restless and tries to get the money from the dealer by force. But the dealer is so greedy that he rather kills Georges than give the money to him. He hides the body, but when the kidnapped wife is found, she is brought back home by the police who do not find Georges' hidden body. When the dealer tries to get rid of the body, Pierrot follows him and first forces him to dig a grave for Georges. The dealer begs for his life, but Pierrot shoots him mercilessly. When Pierrot goes back to the dealer's flat to find the money, he escapes only minutes before the police come, leaving one pack of dollars for the wife he had kidnapped. On Louise's husband's funeral the policeman tells Louise and Pierrot they are looking for Georges, who they think is the jewel thief. Louise calls the police idiots, and as Pierrot gets into their car to drive away with her, he hears his dead partner's voice inside his head, telling him to smile, after all it is spring time in Paris... 
 Angel-A (2005)541) A beautiful woman helps an inept scam artist get his game together. Andr, a small-time ex-convict, seems to owe money to everyone in Paris, including a crime boss who promises to kill him if he doesn't repay him by midnight. After failing to find protection from the American embassy and the French police, a despairing Andr scrambles onto a bridge over the Seine, intending to leap to his death. He is surprised to see a tall, beautiful girl clinging to a rail on the same bridge, apparently preparing to end her life as well. She jumps, and he jumps too, suddenly resolving to save her life. After scrambling ashore, she tells him her name is Angel-A. Together, they take a cruise on the Seine, repay Andr's creditors, visit a Parisian nightspot, and more, as Angel-A helps Andr. He learns that for this purpose she has fallen out of the sky and into his life. Andr finds himself falling in love with this mysterious beauty. Charles Delacroix In Paris, the twenty-eight year-old small-time crook Andr Moussah owes a large amount to powerful bosses of the Parisian underworld and he needs to pay until the next day. His legitimate business with olive oil from Argentina has never succeeded to pay the loans. He seeks protection in the American Consulate and in the French police and finally in despair, he decides to commit suicide jumping from a bridge in the Seine. In the same moment, he sees a beautiful tall woman ready to jump in the water from the same bridge. He jumps in the water and saves her life, and she introduces herself as Angela. They spend the rest of the day and the night together and she provides enough money to him to pay his creditors. Then she confesses that she is a fallen angel assigned to help him to retrieve his self-esteem since he is a good person inside. Sooner Andr falls in love for her, but Angel-A will retrieve her wings in the end of her journey. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In Paris, Andr is a loser: a short disheveled Arab with a U.S. green card and a withered hand he keeps shoved in a pocket. He's a constant liar, spinning tales of Argentine olive oil. He owes lots of money to two thugs who both demand payment by midnight. In despair, he importunes God for forsaking him, and he climbs an abutment to jump off a bridge. Something distracts him - it's a leggy blonde in a short skirt about to leap off the same bridge. She jumps, he leaps and swims to her rescue, and thus begins their two-day odyssey. Can Andr ever tell the truth, accept himself, and express emotion? And the blonde - what's her history, and did she really need saving? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Andre has just returned to Paris in the hope of making some easy money, give up his life of petty crime, and start his life over as an honest man in America. In Paris for only a few hours, Andre finds himself dangling high over the edge of the Eiffel Tower, begging for his life from a man he hoped never to see again. With his underworld dealing catching him up, Andre is given 24 hours to find 20,000 Euros to pay off his debts and save his life. Frantically trying to find ways to avoid certain death, Andre turns to the police begging them to place him safely behind bars for a couple of nights. They laugh at his pathetic attempt and throw him to the streets. Andre is left with nowhere to turn and with his deadline fast approaching, he despairingly climbs onto the ledge of a bridge and gathers the resolve to jump into the river. But, he is not alone. Beside him, a beautiful and mysterious woman is a moment away from throwing herself into the Seine. Despite Andres attempts to persuade the woman to climb back over the railing, she lets go and jumps into the water. A split second later, he too jumps into the water. With much effort, he hauls her limp soaked body to the shore and tries to coax her back to life. Sitting alone on the quay with a lifeless woman in his arms and hit men on his tail, Andre desperately hopes for a miracle. About to give up on the mysterious woman, Andre is relieved when she finally opens her eyes. Her name is Angela. As a thanks for being saved, Angela pledges her life to Andre, doing anything and everything she can to help him. Confused as to why such a gorgeous woman should want to help him, Andre is skeptical. Only when she delivers the money he so desperately needs does he begin to trust her and agree to let her help. Although Angela helps him to get the money he needs, Andre begins to think she may have an ulterior motive. Why else would such a beautiful woman help someone like him? Angela is not just helping Andre to find money, she is also helping him to find the courage to see the good deep inside himself, and for the first time, he actually believes there might be some good to be found. And Andre, who has never been a hero, must believe he can stand up for himself in order to convince Angela, the woman who he has fallen madly in love with, to give up everything to be with him. 
 Arthur and the Invisibles (2006)Summaries Ten-year-old Arthur, in a bid to save his grandfather's house from being demolished, goes looking for some much-fabled hidden treasure in the land of the Minimoys, tiny people living in harmony with nature. Arthur is a spirited ten-year old whose parents are away looking for work, whose eccentric grandfather has been missing for several years, and who lives with his grandmother in a country house that, in two days, will be repossessed, torn down, and turned into a block of flats unless Arthur's grandfather returns to sign some papers and pay off the family debt. Arthur discovers that the key to success lies in his own descent into the land of the Minimoys, creatures no larger than a tooth, whom his grandfather helped relocate to their garden. Somewhere among them is hidden a pile of rubies, too. Can Arthur be of stout heart and save the day? Romance beckons as well, and a villain lurks. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Ten-year-old boy named Arthur has a lot on his plate: a real estate developer is about to snap up his grandma's home--and there's no way Arthur's going to hang around for his parents or grandparents to sort out the problem. Maybe the solution lies in his grandpa's secret treasure, which is hidden somewhere on the "other side" in the land of the Minimoys. The creatures that inhabit this world are just a tenth of an inch tall and live in perfect harmony with their environment. Arthur ventures into the world of the Minimoys, where he meets Princess Selenia and her brother Betameche. Together they set off to look for the treasure that will save his grandma. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Barracuda (1997)Summaries A mad but cunning old man imprisons a young man in his apartment to be his friend. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 