nm0005603:

 Wild Roses (2009)Summaries David McGregor's family owns an oil firm and the vast Rivercross estate in Alberta. His late father however donated the original land to the Henrys. The heiress and her all-female offspring refuse to sell it back, although they can barely scrape together payments on the mortgage David bought. David's sons, responsible lawyer Will and immature horse-wrangler Peter, would prefer to be friends with their neighbors, each having a soft spot for a Henry girl. David's daughter Rebecca is a schemer herself, planning a loveless marriage to politician Trevor. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Beauty and the Least: The Misadventures of Ben Banks (2012)Summaries A hopeless slacker, portrayed by the character's real-life namesake, finds his ambition awakened by a gorgeous waitress who is hiding from her past. Strong emotions compel Ben to find the porn mogul who is distributing pictures of his new squeeze. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Traders (19962000)Summaries Set in the Toronto-based investment house Gardner/Ross, "Traders" explores the intimate lives and loves of investment bankers whose high-stakes decisions and sizzling alliances can have grave international consequences. In the setting of the Toronto-based investment house, Gardner/Ross, Traders explores the intimate lives and loves, the mystique and monetary machinations of investment bankers whose high-stakes decisions and sizzling alliances can have grave international consequences. Cale McCallum <calem@compmore.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Looking for Leonard (2002)Summaries Ted, his girlfriend Jo, and his brother Johnny are small-time robbers in Montreal. The brothers spend their time watching TV, while Jo rereads Leonard Cohen's novel "Beautiful Losers" and attends writing classes. Luka, a Czech immigrant, picks up Jo when he sees her shoplifting. When Johnny surprises Luka kissing Jo, he attacks him. In the ensuing fight Jo accidentally kills Johnny, and Luka leaves the scene, but drops his wallet. The police assume that Luka attacked Johnny after a break-in and Jo goes along with that, but feels guilty about it. Will Gilbert It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 