nm0001650:

 Deep Blue Sea (1999)651) Searching for a cure to Alzheimer's disease, a group of scientists on an isolated research facility become the prey, as a trio of intelligent sharks fight back. A businessman sinks $200 million into a special project to help fight Alzheimer's disease. As part of this project, medical biologist Susan McAlester rather naughtily figures out a way to genetically enlarge shark brains, so that disease-battling enzymes can be harvested. However, the shark subjects become super smart and decide they don't much like being cooped up in pens and being stabbed with hypodermics, so they figure a way to break out and make for the open sea... John Smith <John.Smith7@net.ntl.com> In high hopes of attracting investors for her ambitious Alzheimer's disease research, Dr Susan McCallister invites Russell Franklin in Aquatica: a state-of-the-art underwater laboratory and former submarine refuelling facility in the middle of the ocean. However, genetic modifications have transformed the sea's fastest predator--the streamlined, Mako shark--into the world's smartest killer, and what's even more terrifying, the laboratory's silent subaquatic assassins are now on the loose. Can the handful of survivors find their way back to the surface before the super-intelligent man-hunters eat them for breakfast? Nick Riganas Believing she almost has the cure for Alzheimer's disease, Dr. Susan McCallister invites Russell Franklin with the hope that he would invest in her and the research. The research is taking placed on an isolated facility in the middle of the ocean with the test subjects being Mako sharks. What was supposed to be a visit for Russell Franklin turns into something more, when the sharks flood the facility and hunt down the team, and thanks to the team, the sharks are now smarter than ever. FilmFanUk A group of research scientists, working in an abandoned off-shore submarine facility, appear to have discovered a neuro-stimulant, extracted from the brains of sharks, that cures Alzheimer's disease. However, unknown to the rest of the researchers the project leaders Dr. Susan McAlester and Jim Whitlock have illegally used proscribed gene manipulation techniques to enhance the brain size of the sharks to attain their spectacular results. During a severe storm, whilst the researchers are celebrating their success, the newly intelligent sharks attack their captors in a bid to escape. As a result of the storm and the sharks attack strategy, the research facility suffers a catastrophic structural integrity failure and begins to submerge. The situation becomes a deadly race against time as the survivors, led by shark wrangler Carter Blake and Preacher, try to reach the surface and safety as the deadly intelligent killer-sharks continue to flood the facility and hunt their prey. Mark Smith <msmith@osi.co.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At Aquatica, a remote former submarine refueling facility converted into a laboratory, a team of scientists is searching for a cure for Alzheimer's disease. Unknown to the other scientists, Dr. Susan McAlester (Saffron Burrows) violates a code of ethics and genetically engineers three Mako sharks to increase their brain capacity so their brain tissue can be harvested as a cure for Alzheimer's, but this causes the side effects to make the sharks smarter, faster, and more dangerous. After one of the sharks escapes and attacks a boat full of teenagers, Aquatica's financial backers send corporate executive Russell Franklin (Samuel L Jackson) to investigate the facility. To prove that the research is working, the team manages to remove brain tissue from the largest shark. While examining it, Dr. Jim Whitlock (Stellan Skarsgard), one of the researchers, is attacked by the shark and his arm is bitten off. Brenda Kerns (Aida Turturro), the tower's operator, calls a helicopter to evacuate Jim but a strong hurricane causes the helicopter to lose control and crash into the tower, killing Brenda and the pilots. One of the sharks uses Jim's body as a battering ram to smash an underwater window, flooding the research facility and freeing the other sharks. Susan then confesses to the others that she genetically altered the sharks. Susan, Russell, Carter Blake (Thomas Jane), Janice Higgins (Jacqueline McKenzie) and Tom Scoggins (Michael Rapaport) make their way to the top of the center. While delivering a dramatic speech emphasizing the need for group unity, Russell is dragged into the water by the largest shark and devoured. While climbing up the industrial elevator, a ladder falls and gets wedged between the walls of the shaft, leaving them dangling over the water. Janice loses her grip and falls, and despite Carter's attempts to save her, she is devoured. Meanwhile, the cook, Sherman "Preacher" Dudley (LL Cool J) is attacked by the first shark, but manages to blow it up by throwing a lighter into the kitchen's oven that had been turned on. He then runs into Carter, Tom and Susan. Traumatized by Janice and Russell's deaths, Tom goes with Carter to the flooded lab because the controls to open a door to the surface are in the lab. The largest shark attacks them and Tom is devoured. Susan heads into a room to collect her research. The second shark follows and almost eats her but she manages to electrocute it with a power cable, killing it instantly, though at the cost of destroying her research in the process. Carter, Susan and Preacher go to the top of the research center through a decompression chamber and swim to the surface. Preacher is caught by the third shark and is dragged through the water, but swims to safety after stabbing the shark in the eye with his crucifix, forcing it to release him. Carter then realizes that the third shark is trying to escape to the open sea, and that the sharks had made them inadvertently flood the facility so that they could escape through the weaker mesh fences at the surface. Susan, in an effort to distract the third and final shark, cuts herself and dives into the water. When she attempts to climb out, the ladder breaks, and she is devoured by the shark. Carter at this point had dived in to try and save her but was too late. Managing to dodge the shark's attack and grab hold of its fin, he is pulled through the water with it. Preacher, despite his injuries, grabs hold of the harpoon and shoots the shark through its dorsal fin but the spear also goes through Carter's thigh. As the shark breaks through the fence, Carter is still attached to the shark by the harpoon and tells Preacher to connect the trailing wire to a car battery, sending an electric current through the wire and to the explosive charge in the harpoon, blowing up the final shark in a spectacular fashion. It is revealed that Carter managed to free himself in time and he swims to the wreckage of the facility and joins Preacher in time to see the workers' boat en-route on the horizon. 
 True Romance (1993)651) In Detroit, a lonely pop culture geek marries a call girl, steals cocaine from her pimp, and tries to sell it in Hollywood. Meanwhile, the owners of the cocaine, the Mob, track them down in an attempt to reclaim it. In Detroit, Clarence Worley goes to the movie theater alone on the day of his birthday to watch some movies. The gorgeous Alabama Whitman accidentally drops her popcorn on Clarence and they watch the movie together. Later they go to a diner for pie, and end up having a one night stand. In the morning, Alabama confesses that she is a call-girl hired to spend the night with him, but she has fallen in love with him. In the morning they get married and Clarence goes to the club where she worked to bring her some clothes. However, her pimp Drexl Spivey and his partner beat up Clarence and he reacts by killing them both. Clarence asks for Alabama's suitcase with her clothes and the other girls mistakenly give another one with cocaine. When Clarence discovers the mistake, he decides to travel with Alabama to the house of his friend, the aspiring actor Dick Ritchie, to sell the drug and travel to Mexico. He visits his father Clifford Worley and gives his address to him. But the Sicilian Mafia is the owner of the drug and a group of killers are sent to hunt down Clarnece and Alabama. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A lonely pop culture fan falls in love with a call girl and accidentally takes drugs from her pimp. The two go on the run to Los Angeles to sell the drugs and live happily ever after. Only they don't know that Sicilian mafia and LAPD are after the drugs. Lukenelson10 A hooker with a heart of gold meets an Elvis-obsessed single man and the adventure of a lifetime begins. Brad Pitt turns in a stellar albeit brief performance as a stoner and the plot twist was so unique it was used again in 2-3 later films. standaman96 Clarence (Christian Slater) meets, beds, falls in love with, and the next day marries Alabama (Patricia Arquette), who has been a call girl for exactly 4 days. Attempting to retrieve a bag of her belongings from her pimp Drexl (Gary Oldman), they accidentally end up with a suitcase full of the mob's cocaine and run off in Clarence's pink Cadillac to Hollywood, where they hope to sell the coke through the connections of his actor buddy Dick (Michael Rapaport). The mob of course is close behind, and they probably won't settle for just getting the dope back. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Comic book store clerk and film buff Clarence Worley (Christian Slater) watches a Sonny Chiba triple feature at a Detroit movie theater for his birthday. Here he meets Alabama Whitman (Patricia Arquette), an attractive young woman. After having sex, she tearfully confesses that she is a call girl hired by Clarence's boss as a birthday present. She has fallen in love with Clarence and he with her. The next day, they marry. Alabama's volatile pimp, Drexl Spivey (Gary Oldman), makes Clarence uneasy. An apparition of his idol, Elvis Presley (Val Kilmer), tells him that killing Drexl will make the world a better place. Clarence stands up to the intimidating Drexl and tells him to leave Alabama alone. Drexl assaults and subdues Clarence and takes his wallet. Clarence draws a gun and kills Drexl and a henchman. He grabs a bag that he assumes belongs to Alabama. When he tells Alabama he killed Drexl, she sobs and finds this "so romantic." Opening the suitcase, the two find it is full of stolen cocaine. Clarence and Alabama decide to leave for California immediately. First they pay a visit to Clarence's father, Clifford Worley (Dennis Hopper), a security guard and ex-cop. Clarence wants to find out if he is in the clear regarding Drexl's murder. Clifford tells him that the police assume it to be a drug-related killing. In Los Angeles, the young couple plans to meet Clarence's old friend Dick Ritchie (Michael Rapaport), an aspiring actor. Clifford is ambushed in his home by gangster Vincenzo Coccotti (Christopher Walken) and his men, who tracked him by using Clarence's wallet. They want the drugs taken from Drexl, their underling. Clifford refuses to reveal where his son has gone. Accepting that he is going to die anyway, he insults Coccotti [1], who angrily shoots Clifford dead before finding a note on the fridge giving Clarence's whereabouts in L.A. Clarence plans to use Dick's contacts with an actor named Elliot (Bronson Pinchot) to sell the drugs to a film producer, Lee Donowitz (Saul Rubinek). Elliot, who has some of Clarence's cocaine is stopped while speeding and is arrested for drug possession. Believing Clarence's story of getting the drugs from a dirty cop, he informs on Donowitz's drug deal to escape prison time. Alabama is found alone in their hotel room and interrogated by one of Coccotti's henchmen, Virgil (James Gandolfini), who viciously beats her. Alabama fights back and miraculously manages to kill him. She and Clarence talk of moving to Cancn with the money from the drug deal. Knowing that Elliot's cocaine was uncut, and with Elliot "confessing" in order to avoid prison, L.A. detectives Nicholson (Tom Sizemore) and Dimes (Chris Penn) conclude that a sizable drug deal is about to go down. Promising him that he can avoid prison in return for cooperation, the two detectives have Elliot wear a wire to the deal. Coccotti's men learn where the deal is going down from Dick's drugged-out roommate Floyd (Brad Pitt) and they all converge on Lee Donowitz's hotel. As a fan of his film work, Clarence makes a good impression on Lee. They are then ambushed by both the cops and gangsters who, coincidentally, break in almost at the same time. In the middle of a Mexican standoff, Lee realizes that Elliot is an informant and berates him, throwing a hot pot of coffee on him, causing a massive shootout. Dick abandons the drugs and flees. Clarence is shot in the eye when he exits the bathroom, devastating Alabama. While Dimes kills one of Donowitz's men, Alabama (thinking Clarence is dead) then shoots and kills Dimes ending the battle. Lee, Elliot, the police, gangsters and bodyguards are all killed. Clarence, however, survives, partially blinded. He and Alabama escape as more police swarm the hotel. They are shown as a happy family on a beach in Cancn, with a son they have named Elvis. 
 The 6th Day (2000)651) A man meets a clone of himself and stumbles into a grand conspiracy about clones taking over the world. In the near future, cloning is now technically advanced, but human cloning is still illegal. Adam Gibson (Schwarzenegger) returns home after working with his friend Hank Morgan (Rapaport), only to find a clone of himself with his family. Before he has chance to find out the truth, he is attacked by a group who want him dead. Adam must escape and find out the truth from the creator of the clones, Michael Drucker (Goldwyn). Adam knows for sure he couldn't have been cloned, but isn't ready for what he's about to hear. simon Set in the near future, where cloning is carried out on everything except humans. Adams Gibson is a family man whose life is shattered when he finds himself cloned illegally by Replacement Technologies, a cloning conglomerate. Adam sets out to find who and why he was cloned, as he tries to get his life back. But the firm's sinister men are after Adam to murder him before he lets out their secret. The real join hands with his impostor to fight back against the laser gun wielding thugs and financially powerful Replacement Technologies to get his family and identity back. Radhakrishnan In the near future, cloning technology is highly developed and the corporation Replacement Technologies owned by the wealthy Michael Drucker is responsible for cloning pets in RePet shops. However there is a law called Sixth Day that prohibits human cloning and many groups and movements that are against any type of cloning. When Drucker needs to travel to a remote location, he hires the professional helicopter pilots Adam Gibson and his friend Hank Morgan, requesting an eye test from them first. However Hamk flies since it is Adam's birthday; the family dog has just died and he is thinking about the possibility of cloning the animal for his daughter. Adam decides to by a doll called Cindy instead but when he arrives home, he finds that Olive and him have been cloned. Further, he is hunted down by four professional killers and he needs to flee. What happened to Adam and why was he cloned? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the world of the very near future, cattle, fish, and even the family pet can be cloned. But cloning humans is illegal - that is until family man Adam Gibson comes home from work one day to find a clone has replaced him. Taken from his family and plunged into a sinister world he doesn't understand, Gibson must not only save himself from the assassins who must now destroy him to protect their secret, but uncover who and what is behind the horrible things happening to him. JACKAL93 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Adam Gibson ( Arnold Schwarzenegger ) wakes on his birthday with his lovely wife. Adam's daughter informs him she wants a Simdoll, a lifelike, life-sized doll that acts almost human. The parents notice that the elderly family dog is not well, and express concern about it dying and how sad their daughter would be. It can be replaced by Repet, an animal cloning service, but Adam doesn't trust clones. Cloning knowledge is held by the multinational corporation Replacement Technologies. Human cloning is technically possible, but illegal. Adam thinks his daughter should just learn to accept death as a part of life, rather than being cushioned from it. Arriving at his helicopter piloting business, he and his partner Hank Morgan ( Michael Rapaport ) learn they are to transport Replacement Technologies CEO Michael Drucker ( Tony Goldwyn ). Oddly, the CEO's staff requires the pilots to sign several forms, as well as a small blood test and an eye screening, before the flight can be undertaken. Bemused, the pilots submit to the tests. Adam's wife calls with the news that the dog was so ill it had to be put down, and begs him to get a Repet for their daughter. Adam will not commit to it. Drucker has specifically asked for Adam to fly him due to his reputation, but ambitious Hank begs to be the big man this one time. Adam agrees, introduces Hank to Drucker as Adam Gibson, and Hank flies Drucker. Unfortunately, their landing atop a snowy mountain is met by a group of fundamentalists who believe that cloning is immoral and Drucker must die. The party is wiped out. Adam awakens confused in a taxicab that he does not remember entering. He assumes he fell asleep, and directs the cab to the Repet center so he can find out about cloning the dog. After hearing the sales pitch, he becomes convinced and is about to order the dog when the salesman shocks him by saying he remembered Adam coming into the shop earlier. Adam is disoriented and decides to get the Simdoll for his daughter instead. He returns home and is about to open his front door when he sees through the window - a surprise birthday party, starring a man who looks just like him, with his family and friends. Before he has chance to find out what is happening, he is grabbed by a group of thugs. These people plainly want him dead. After a drawn-out chase by car and on foot, he loses them and goes to Hank's condo. After Adam encounters Hank's virtual girlfriend and pet cat Sadie, Hank arrives. However, they are interrupted by another religious fanatic who accuses them of being abominations. The two men return to Adam's home to see what is happening. While Adam is busy elsewhere, Hank watches Adam's wife in the detached garage giving the Adam-lookalike his birthday present, cigars (which are illegal and an incredible crime to possess), and then seducing him in their car. Adam is livid. He realizes the other Adam must be a clone, but he does not want to disrupt his family's peace by charging in to have it out with the guy. In the meantime, the thugs continue trying to kill him. When they die during attempts, Drucker clones them and puts them on the mission again. All is not well within Replacement Technologies. Drucker is working on a US Senator whose young son is dying, offering him a human clone of the boy for manipulative purposes. Dr. Griffin Weir ( Robert Duvall ), the inventor of cloning, is unhappily discovering the seamier side of the business. His poor wife is dying from a horrible illness ... and evidently not for the first time. She begs him not to clone her again, saying that she has suffered enough. He discovers that Drucker has been deliberately inserting defective gene sequences into clones so that they "expire" within five years, in order to keep "control" of the illegal human clones. Weir wants out - Drucker refuses. Exasperated by the failed attempts to kill Adam, Drucker has his wife and daughter picked up and brought to Replacement Technologies headquarters. Adam is forced to ally with his clone to rescue his family. The pair sneak, fight and shoot their way up through the corporate building, passing by the huge tanks where human clones are grown. When he finally confronts Drucker, he gets shocking news. He finds that HE is the clone, not the other Adam. Nevertheless, he continues to fight in order to get his wife and daughter to safety. Drucker is fatally wounded in one encounter, and begins preparing a replacement clone. Adam shows up before it is ready, and Drucker is forced to activate it anyway. The half-completed, malformed clone is revealed to be as selfish and self-centered as the original Drucker, but Drucker still gives his all to keep the new Drucker clone alive. Refusing to give up, both die in the end. His wife and daughter are rescued without ever seeing the two Adams together, so they do not have to know what has happened. With the real Adam's permission, the clone Adam goes home and says goodbye to "his" wife and daughter, knowing he will never see them again. The real Adam waves goodbye as the Adam clone heads to Argentina, taking one of the company helicopters to start a branch office and a new life. 
 Beautiful Girls (1996)761) A piano player at a crossroads in his life returns home to his friends and their own problems with life and love. New York based jazz pianist Willie Conway heads back to his small hometown of Knights Ridge, Massachusetts for a high school reunion. The trip is as much to go to the reunion and see his old friends - none of whom left Knights Ridge after graduation - as it is to get away from his current life, at which he is at a crossroads both personally and professionally. He is just eking out a living with his piano playing gigs, and as such he is thinking about taking a sales job. He's also not sure if he's ready to marry his long time girlfriend, lawyer Tracy Stover. Most of Willie's Knights Ridge blue collar friends' best days were in high school, they still having that "trophy" mentality of girlfriends and wives. Only Michael "Mo" Morris is happily married with a family. Paul Kirkwood, whose room is plastered with magazine pictures of models, wants his waitress ex-girlfriend Jan back only because he knows now that he can't have her. And Tommy "Birdman" Rowland, who was the big man in high school, is trying to end his affair with his now married high school girlfriend, Darian Smalls. Despite knowing about Darian, Tommy's current girlfriend, Sharon Cassidy, stands by her man through bad and worse. A cousin of their bar owning friend Stanley "Stinky" Womack, the beautiful Andera who is visiting from Chicago, may provide the voice of reason for this group of friends in dealing with their women problems. Some reason is what Willie may need in trying to figure out why he is attracted to Marty, his father's thirteen year old neighbor, especially as Willie learns that Tracy has decided to join him for the reunion. Huggo Beautiful Girls is a romantic drama about seeing the beauty in all females in all the facets of every man's life. It just took Willie to come home to realize that. It ranges from the beautiful but "mean as a snake" Darian, to the inner beauty and personality of Gina, the beauty of a mother and a wife in Anne, the smarts and sexiness of Andera, down to the potentially stunning and witty Marty, just to name a few of the great female characters in the film. Willie realizes the value, the individuality, and the ranging beauty of all these women throughout the film, culminating with the arrival of his fiancee, Tracy. These realizations, along with his friends, lead him down a path of clarity that sets his future into motion. D. B. Pascal Beautiful Girls is about a group of small-town friends joining up for their first high school reunion. They find themselves evaluating their lives and their relationships. It's about growing up and facing reality. Leo <mleonar1@ic3.ithaca.edu> Pianist Willie Conway returns to his snowy home town to attend a high school reunion. Willie reunites with his old friends, Tommy "Birdman" Rowland, Michael "Mo" Morris and Paul Kirkwood. Willie finds that two of his old high school buddies have all got problems with their relationships, Tommy, is having a affair with former high school girlfriend Darian Smalls who is now married and Tommy has a girlfriend named Sharon Cassidy and Paul is angry that his former girlfriend Jan broke up with him because he won't commit and has tons of posters of supermodels on his bedroom wall. As Willie waits for his girlfriend Tracey to arrive, Willie finds himself having a crush on Marty, his 13-year old next-door neighbor and Willie, Tommy, Michael and Paul find themselves falling for Andrea, who is also visiting. Daniel Williamson In this romantic drama a group of high school buddies re-unite for their high school reunion in the small town where they grew up. They deal with the life challenges of finding women to love and be loved by, committing to a relationship, and getting past their childhood dreams and desires to deal with reality and appreciate life. Gustaf Molin <gustaf.molin@usa.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Willie Conway (Timothy Hutton) finishes the last few notes of a set at an NYC bar, and counts his tips from a glass on the piano. He takes his change and heads out into the cold winter night to take a Greyhound coach across the border for a High School reunion back where he grew up. His old twenty-something High School buddies haven't moved on with their lives. Tommy 'Birdman' Rowland (Matt Dillon) and Paul Kirkwood (Michael Rapaport) own a snow-plough business, and hire their friend Kev (Max Perlich) to lend a hand. They each have their issues - Bird, the old High School quarterback, is having an affair with his old High School sweetheart, Darian Smalls (Lauren Holly) ... who happens to be married, and has a daughter. Paul couldn't commit to his ex, Jan (Martha Plimpton), but when she moved on to be with 'Victor the meat-cutter', he is filled with jealousy and blocks her driveway with snow every night. Michael 'Mo' Morris (Noah Emmerich) is the only old buddy who has matured - he is married with 2 kids, and is content with life it seems. Mo picks up Willie from the coach station and drops him off home. He has a lonely house since his mom died - leaving behind a heart-broken old man, and Willie's wayward younger brother Bobby (David Arquette). Outside, Willie sees for the first time his young neighbor, Marty (Natalie Portman), making a snowman. After hanging out with his pals, next day he meets Marty again - who gives him some snow-shovelling advice, which breaks the ice (get it? ok, not that great) in their friendship. She likes his burns. Paul buys a ring for his ex-girlfriend Jan and proposes. But it's too little, too late. And the diamond has a brown tint to it. she flat refuses, and he is heart-broken. That night, the old friends meet at a reopened bar in town, managed by Stanley 'Stinky' Womack (a much slimmer Pruitt Taylor Vince). Already Paul argues with Birdman, who doesn't take kindly to his advice, and then the others. Next day, Marty and Willie meet again. She asks if he has a girlfriend. He tells her that he is seeing somebody - a girl called Tracy. Marty asks if they have plans to get married. Willie has been reluctant to commit, and doesn't want to stick around to hear relationship advice from a 13year old. Meanwhile, Tommy's girlfriend, Sharon (Mira Sorvino), has had another jealous fight with Tommy (she knows about Darian). She asks her friends for advice. They tell her to ditch him, but instead, as it's his birthday soon, she wants to try one more time and salvage the relationship. They reluctantly agree to help her throw a surprise party. The old friends, including Mo, are back in the bar again when in walks Stanley's cousin, Andera (Uma Thurman - what a cast!! Who was the casting agent on this one, again?!). The men all fall for her instantly. They down shots, and Willie is asked to play something. After a little warm-up, the boys break into "Sweet Caroline". Next day, Birdman and Willie are invited to a long, and random, lecture/monologue by Gina (Rosie O'Donnell) about the virtues of real women. Back home, Willie is jealous when he sees that Marty has suddenly got a boyfriend. Sharon throws the surprise birthday party for Tommy. Things are going great - until Darian shows up, drunk, and makes a move on Tommy. Sharon and her friends leave. Tommy drives Darian home, and she makes a move again but Tommy turns her down. Darian is angry, revealing her true character. Instead Tommy tries to patch things up with Sharon, but it's too late. Clearing up after the party, Willie opens up to Mo about his feelings for Marty. Mo puts him straight. Willie is having cold-feet about taking things to the next level with his girlfriend. He knows Marty will be stunning in 10 years time, but it's the beer talking. Willie and Mo head off to the frozen lake the next day with Mo's kids. Willie leaves him to it and joins Paul and Kev in an ice-fishing shack. When he leaves for air, he sees Marty skating with her friends. He goes to say 'hi'. As they talk, he hears that she has finished things with her boyfriend, Andrew, because she has found someone better - Willie. She falls into his arms. Willie is embarrassed, but a little giddy. Mo almost falls over in shock. Marty asks him to wait for her until she is 18, in 5 years time. But Willie tells her that it would be unfair to wait - she still has a lot of maturing to do and in 5 years will have forgotten about him, while he'll still be waiting. He doesn't want to be the Winnie the Pooh to her Christopher Robbin - as he knows that is how the story ended, when Christopher outgrew Pooh. She skates away. Paul somehow manages to score a date with Andera. He takes her to a bar - the same one which Jan is at the bar with Victor. Andera, as a favour, flirts with him - but when Paul tries to score a kiss she smacks him and leaves. She walks home alone, turning down an advance from Tommy on the way. Paul is still upset, and gives Willie a talk about why he prefers models - the promise of a better life. Meanwhile Tommy meets Darian in the library, who asks him to go to the reunion, where things will be like they were before. That night, Willie drowns his sorrows at the bar. He is joined by Andera. After two unsuccessful attempts to leave with him, she gives in and they go to the ice shack. Andera has a boyfriend. Willie, suddenly forgetting his feelings for Tracy -- and Marty -- says he is jealous. After another unsuccessful attempt, she leaves - and heads home to Chicago the next day. Tracy arrives from New York. She is a big hit with Willie's old man and Bobby. Willie has feelings for her again. Marty is heart-broken. Willie has kind words for her -- he wants to keep in touch whatever happens, because he knows she will grow up to be an amazing person. The guys have a pre-reunion party at Mo's. Tommy has decided to do the right thing and avoid Darian - and miss the reunion. Instead he heads down to the bar - and bumps into Steve, Darian's husband, and his frat buddies. Meanwhile Darian is at the reunion, alone. She is confronted by a man who had/has a weight problem, and says that although she was something to look at, she was as mean as a snake. After he refuses to be bought a drink, suddenly Steve opens up and tells him he knows about what has happened with his wife. They are going to settle it outside - Tommy doesn't believe Steve to be a man to fight his own battles. After a little insult he leaves ... and is followed by the four men. He gets in a few good punches, but is smacked over the head with a rock and then held while each man gets a free punch, and then kicked while he lies on the ground. He is found by the barman, who phones Mo. The boys race over to the bar to find a badly-beaten Tommy. Immediately they get back into the truck and head over to Steve's house. Steve calls his friends. Mo threatens Steve -- his friends show, but Willie thinks quickly and rams the frat boys' car into some snow. Mo is about to beat Steve when his little daughter shows up and asks what is wrong. Mo can't do it and leaves. As they leave, Darian drives towards the house to deal with the mess she has made. Tommy is taken to hospital where he need stitches and has a few broken ribs, but generally is ok. Sharon stops round and takes pity on him. That night, Paul, overcome with emotion, and having learnt that Jan and Victor are engaged, decides to clear her driveway from snow, for a change, as an act of kindness. The next day Willie stops round to check on Tommy and to say goodbye as he has decided to leave and head back to NY with Tracy. Sharon has stayed with Tommy overnight. Willie tells Tommy not to mess it up this time. Tommy is still a little reluctant to visit - he'll never leave the town. Willie and Tracy pack the car with luggage. Willie introduces Tracy to Marty, then says goodbye to Marty one last time and gives her a kiss on the cheek. Paul shows up to wave them off. Paul recognises Marty as "the little neighborhood Lolita", she has a few words for the-good-for-nothing High School buddy as well. Paul tells Willie not to forget about them, even though "nothing changes in the Ridge but the seasons!" As they pull away they run past Kev, who tells them to 'be cool forever', and then out of town to "Sweet Caroline". JT, HowDoesTheMovieEnd.com 