nm0010249:

 Ave de paso (1988 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Libertad para la juventud (1970)Summaries Three young sisters from a respectable wealthy family decide to revolt against their father's authority and his strict morality. In their quest for happiness and freedom the sisters turn to a life style of careless fun and debauchery. They soon find out that their behavior jeopardizes their relationships with boyfriends and might even endanger their own lives. Is freedom worth the risks? Mark Martin / whatsupomar It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Show of Force (1990)Summaries An American journalist in Puerto Rico in 1978 investigates the death of nationalists who may have been murdered by the police. Porto Rico, 1978. The Antillian autonomous US Commonwealth is divided by supporters of becoming a full US member state and independence activists, including a violent wing the governor labels as terrorists. Divorced reporter Kate Melendez, widow of independista lawyer Juan, gets in personal danger when she stumbles on a dark set-up. Federal agent Jesus Fuentes officially infiltrated an operation to illegally broadcast a message on Constitution Day in which students Jorge Rey and Alfredo Ruiz are killed. He instigates kidnappings and murders, covered by powerful people. She's scared away, but the senate appoints a special investigator, Luis Angel Mora. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Puerto Rico en carnaval (1965)Summaries Knowing the problems that brings Carnival, the airport director appoints a team to deal with a threat from an anonymous letter. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 