nm0004673:

 Escape from Bogen County (1977 TV Movie)Summaries A political despot controls his town and his wife Maggie. When Maggie tries to escape his control, he swears a warrant out for her arrest and sends the law after her. The arresting officer, however, takes pity on Maggie and tries to help her escape the despot's clutches. PetrinaC <cubit@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Streets of San Francisco (19721977)Summaries A veteran cop with more than twenty years of experience is teamed with a young Inspector to solve crimes in San Francisco, California. A pair of plainclothes homicide detectives, Lieutenant Mike Stone and Inspector Steve Keller, cruise the streets of San Francisco, California solving a variety of crimes, usually involving murder. Stone is the street-smart twenty-year veteran cop, and Keller is the college-educated rookie. Much of the series' success was due to the friendly by-play and relationship between the two leads. Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tunnel Vision (1976)Summaries A committee investigating TV's first uncensored network examines a typical day's programming, which includes shows, commercials, news programs, you name it. What they discover will surely crack you up! This outrageous and irreverent spoof of television launched the careers of some of the greatest comedians of all time. Clint Weiler This 1976 film tries to predict what American television will be like in the year 1985. Tunnelvision is America's first "uncensored and free" television network. Although wildly popular, it is also blamed for increased crime and unemployment. Christian A. Broder, president and founder of Tunnelvision, is called to defend his network in front of a Senate sub-committee. The sub-committee decides to view excerpts from a "typical" day of Tunnelvision broadcasting. What follows is a series of brief skits lampooning television, including cop shows, news broadcasts, situation comedies, and (of course) commercials. Joe Blevins <joeblev@concentric.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 God's Lonely Man (1996)Summaries As each relentless night turns towards day, Ernest Rackman turns towards violence to escape thoughts of loneliness and suicide. Then he poses as a police officer and rescues a young girl from her parent's apartment, where she was forced into a compromising life. Having discharged his violence, he plans to move forward with this new relationship, but the demons of loneliness and despair still haunt him. Cinequanon It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 