nm0011100:

 Old Mother Riley, Headmistress (1950)Summaries Daphne Snowdrop Bluebell Riley "Arthur Lucan" gets fired from her job at the Black and White Laundry by manageress Miss Chester "Myrette Morven" for over-starching a man's shirt, shrinking a woman's combinations, and burning a hole in the vicar's chest protector. However, lawyer Clifton Hill "C Denier Warren" arrives to inform Mrs Riley that she has been left the laundry in a relative's will. And, when daughter Kitty "Kitty McShane" gets fired from her position at St Mildred's School for Young Ladies, Old Mother Riley mortgages the laundry to buy the school from headmistress Miss Carruthers "Enid Hewitt", outbidding potential buyer Lady Gertrude Meersham "Ethel Royal" by sixpence. However, the school's French mistress, Mlle Leblanc "Jenny Mathot", is in league with crooks who were planning to buy the school, because a railway branch line is proposed which will go right through it. They set fire to the school in order to buy it cheap. But Mr Hill has discovered that the branch line will now go through the laundry instead, so Old Mother Riley and Kitty sell the school to the crooks for 5,000 more than they paid, knowing that they'll also get money for the laundry. SNP54 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Twice Upon a Time (1948 TV Movie)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Gay Lady (1949)Summaries In the 1890s, Trottie True moves from bit theatre parts to stardom, and from balloonist Sid Skinner to more prominent men. Later on, she wonders if Sid wasn't better after all, and seeks to find out. Ed Stephan <stephan@cc.wwu.edu> Tottie True is a gay-90s British music-hall performer who has her sights set on moving from rags to riches, who loses her heart to the pure-and-true blue balloonist, Sid Skinner, but continues her upward search on improving her social status. She finally settles for Lord Landon Digby who has lots of assets and a very stiff upper lip. She gets a lot of the latter and very little of the former, and decides Sid might have been a better choice. Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Escape (1948)211) A convict sentenced to three years for killing a detective escapes from a prison and goes on the run aided by a local girl. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Matt Denant, ex-RAF flier, sentenced to three years in Dartmoor for striking and accidentally killing a detective who was attempting to arrest a lady of the evening to whom Denant had been casually speaking. Rankling under the injustice, Denant flees prision and manages to dodge the police with the aid of a beautiful shire lass with whom he has fallen in love and whose ideas, like those of the freedom-loving Denant, are slightly unconventional. However, hounded by both an indomitable constabulary and a conventional citizenry, Denant, who has sought sanctuary in a village church, finally gives himself up in order to save its parson from lying. 