nm0011521:

 The Legend of Awesomest Maximus (2011)Summaries A clueless Trojan general must meet an unbeatable Greek warrior on the battlefield. From the director of Revenge of the Nerds (1984) comes this outrageous sword and sandals spoof. Horny King Looney of Troy sends slacker general Awesomest Maximus to maintain peace with rival King Erotic of Greece. But when Prince Orlando, who's more into fashion than fighting, steals the King's wife Ellen to be his BFF, it's war. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Small Town Crime (2017)Summaries An alcoholic ex cop finds a woman on the roadside, left for dead. He offers to find the killer pro bono as P.I. Her granddad hires him. Things get nasty. An alcoholic ex-cop (Hawkes) finds the body of a young woman and, through an act of self-redemption, becomes hell-bent on finding the killer but unwittingly puts his family in danger and gets caught up with several dark characters along the way. Ian Nelms It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Teenage Bonnie and Klepto Clyde (1993)Summaries The Bonnie & Clyde story is re-told from a contemporary viewpoint. Clyde in this movie is a high school nerd working in the local burger joint. Urges to steal things are inflamed when he runs into Bonnie, the bored daughter of the local police commissioner, who is running with a street gang led by Kirk. Clyde immediately senses a kindred spirit in Bonnie. Initially she ignores him, but he rescues her from a shop-lifting charge and offers her a ride in a stolen van. Soon the two have taken guns from her father's home and go off on a bloody crime spree... John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Battling for Baby (1992 TV Movie)Summaries Two rival grandmothers compete over the love of their first grandchild. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 