nm0008739:

 No Time to Die (1984)Summaries John Phillip Law as Ted Barner, a low-level employee of a corporation in Indonesia who is charged with testing a new laser weapon. Accompanied by an engineer who works for the corporation and a friend, Barner heads out to the test site with the laser in tow. Before the three can get very far, they must outrun an evil Texas industrialist who intends to grab the laser for himself. They are joined by a female reporter and end up at the site of the test, where their problems are just beginning. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Final Score (1986)Summaries A Vietnam War veteran who now living in Indonesia discovers that gunmen invaded his home, murdered his son and his wife. Vowing revenge, he begins to track down the culprits, learning that they're in the employ of his business rival. Richard Brown, a decorated Vietnam War veteran now living in Indonesia, discovers that gunmen invaded his home, murdered his son, Bobby, (preparing to celebrate his 8th birthday), and gang-raped and murdered his wife, Florinda. Vowing revenge, he begins to track down the culprits, learning in the process that they're in the employ of a business rival named Hawk. At one point he's captured, beaten, and tortured but then he's rescued by Julia, Hawk's personal secretary, who also seeks revenge on her employer for causing the death of her sister. Brown eventually finds and confronts Hawk at Hawk's fortress-like compound. dinky-4 of Minneapolis It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Doea Tanda Mata (1985)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sunan Kalijaga & Syech Siti Jenar (1985)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 