nm0005184:

 The Perfect Game (2009)Summaries Based on a true story, a group of boys from Monterrey, Mexico who became the first non-U.S. team to win the Little League World Series. Based on a true story. In 1957 a rag-tag, shoeless, poor group of kids from Monterrey, Mexico shocked the world by winning 13 games in a row and the Little League World Series in the only perfect game ever pitched in the Championship. These kids, led by their priest and a down-and-out former major leaguer embark on a journey through the southern US and up into Williamsport, PA for the Championship game. They encountered many adversities including nearly being deported and the bigotry that wouldn't allow them into certain restaurants or travel on certain buses. They never lost their faith and eventually captured the hearts of both nations. This is a heart-warming inspirational story in the tradition of "Rudy", "Hoosiers", "Coach Carter" or "Friday Night Lights". John Bradly It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lavoe (2011)211) Based on the life story of the great salsa singer Hector Lavoe from Ponce Puerto. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. THE SINGER The Hector Lavoe Story A compelling story about a child named Hector Perez. Born in Ponce, Puerto Rico, he grows up with the life long dream of persuing a career in music. At the age of 18 he decides to fly to New York and stays with his sister Priscilla in the Bronx. She introduces him to a talented musician Willie Colon whom immediately takes him in the studio after noticing his talent. Here they cut their first record together Che Che Cole, 24 hours later they get a Gold Record Award after which Hector is signed to La Fania Record Label. They went on to record hit after hit after hit and became the dynamite duo to reckon with. Hector changed the 70s music scene with a daring mix of rhumba, merengue, mambo, cha-cha, bolero and other traditional folk rhythms which lead to the invention of a new sound they called Salsa. Fanias president, Jerry Masucci baptized him at the The King of Salsa and replaced his last name Perez with Lavoe, as in the voice. This new sound traveled the world with Willie and Hector at the forefront receiving Gold Record Awards for every song recorded. Selling out many major concerts like the Madison Square Garden earned him the slogan The Singers Singer a term his peers nicknamed him. Nevertheless, this would all come with a price for his life was equally balanced with tragedy. In the midst of his loved ones dying around him, a combination of drugs, women and alcohol lead to a very unstable lifestyle destroying relationships within the Fania label, his family, friends and eventually contracting the aids virus, but yet, the public still loved him. Hector Lavoe's music lives on and still in death his "voice" is heard all over the world for centuries to come. His lifes story is embedded in this film as a memorial for those that remember him as he came to be El Cantante de Los Cantantes. 
 El cartel 2 - La guerra total (2010 )Summaries Now Pepe Cadena finishes telling the story in which the most powerful drug traffickers in Colombia are strengthened but later fall while he and others dedicate themselves to the dangerous task of exposing them to collaborate with justice. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El Fantasma de Elena (2010 )Summaries Young and beautiful, Elena and her widowed father, Tomas manage a small but excellent hotel on the ocean shore in Key West. Raised in her father's shadow and shielded from the maternal side of her family, Elena has never known true love. That is until she finds Eduardo unconscious in the middle of the forest, and Elena falls hopelessly in love as she nurses him back to health. The rich, young businessman is equally passionate, and they're married in an impromptu ceremony on the beach. Elena joins Eduardo in his mansion, where he resides with several family members and household staff. From a photograph, Elena learns about Eduardo's deceased wife, also named Elena, who died in a tragic accident on her wedding day. The new bride isn't given the warmest of welcomes to the castle, but it's the screams and moans coming from the castle's tower that most terrify Elena. Additionally, she begins to find out that her husband and his brothers belong to this mythological race, which hides many secrets and conspiracies. The twists and turns of the ocean-front locale mirror a storyline intertwined with secret loves, unusual characters and a mysterious aura. Kico spins a web of mystery and chance, until we discover the secret behind Elena's Ghost. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 