nm0008929:

 Erotic Boundaries (1997)Summaries A married woman is pushed to her boundaries about her desires, but she is just an unwitting pawn in an elaborate conspiracy. Reggie is married to the perfect man, David. When she catches him having an affair with his secretary, Janet, she too has a fling with Jake, who turns out to be her sister's boyfriend. Little does she know that her affair is just part of a plan to oust David from his job. Yuhui It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Insatiable Wives (2000)Summaries Donna is unfulfilled. In an unsatisfying marriage, she finds herself fantasizing about her sultry friends' lovers. But for her, fantasy and forbidden desires are about to be reawakened. Each morning, she will find herself in the arms of a new lover, while her sexy friends seduce her husband, Tom in more ways than one. The art of seduction is animalistic. In a world obsessed with attraction and pleasure, she will experience her deepest desires and soon discover what you desire most, you cannot resist. Echo Brdige Home Entertainment It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mischievous (1996)Summaries While attending his high school reunion, Jeff becomes reacquainted with his old girlfriend Angela, and discovers that while she was a bit flighty years ago, Angela has since developed a sexually adventurous streak. Jeff meets up with a woman named Angela with whom he raised hell in high school when he attends his class reunion. She has become obsessed with 'the rush' of being spontaneous and wants someone to play with while she tries new erotic experiences. This 'rush' soon becomes deadly as her need for a thrill becomes more and more intense. Josh Pasnak <chainsaw@intouch.bc.ca> At a ten year high school reunion, Jeff meets his old high school flame, Angela. Angela was flaky even then but now she may have gone over the edge. The only emotional and sexual excitement she gets comes from a series of "dares" which she imposes on Jeff. These dares, which at first take the form of light sexual escapades, become more and more intense. And this combination of sex and danger eventually turns into a deadly game of erotic cat-and-mouse. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Coach (19891997)Summaries Hayden Fox is the head coach of a university football team, and eats, sleeps and lives football. Hayden Fox is the head coach of a university football team, and eats, sleeps and lives football. His partner, however, does not share his passion for the sport, which frequently causes friction in their relationship. While Hayden often fits the stereotype of dumb jock (as do his co-workers Luther and Dauber), he sincerely cares about his friends and family, and tries his best to make things work out. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 