nm0004226:

 The Kennedys (2011)Summaries The triumphs and tragedies of the most popular political family in American history. The story of the most fabled political family in American history, told in a manner similar to The Godfather: a manipulative, egocentric father determined to live out his own ambitions through his sons, who in turn spent their lives dancing to his tune while at the same time trying to stand on their own. This is history through personality - the tangled relationships through which paint a picture of one of the most turbulent periods of the modern age. Viewers will be upstairs at the White House, not in the Cabinet Room. Through iconic events in history - the Bay of Pigs, the Cuban Missile Crisis, the civil rights struggle, the mob connection - viewers will learn about the lesser known, yet critical personal stories. History Channel Publicity It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Living in Your Car (2010 )Summaries "Living in Your Car" follows the winding karmic adventures of fallen corporate exec, Steve Unger, who was caught cooking the books and now finds himself legally forbidden from working in any position that involves "other people's money". Clinging desperately to the last vestige of his former self - his luxury sedan - Steve hopes to begin anew. Shunned by family and friends, under court order to teach an ethics class to other "fallen angels", Steve now makes his home inside his luxury car. Propelled ahead by his needs and whims, trying to simultaneously help and exploit everyone he meets, Steve attempts to survive in the land of the have-nots and at the same time somehow resurrect the charmed life he once had. George F. Walker, Dani Romain and Joseph Kay It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Summit (2008 )Summaries Set on the eve of the next G8 Summit, this miniseries follows a mother's desperate struggle to bring justice to her murdered son, fallen victim to a corrupt pharmaceutical company. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 24 (20012010)66) Jack Bauer races against the clock to subvert terrorist plots and save his nation from ultimate disaster. In this concept drama, each season takes place within one 24 hour period. Day 1: Jack Bauer is the head of field ops for an elite team of CTU agents who uncover an assassination plot targeting Presidential nominee David Palmer. Meanwhile, Jack's strained marriage to his wife, Teri, is pushed to the brink by the sudden disappearance of their troubled teenage daughter. What will the next 24 hours hold? Ronos Day 2: It's been more than a year after Jack Bauer experienced the longest and most painful day of his life. But things are about to get much worse. A nuclear bomb has been planted in Los Angeles. President David Palmer has no choice but to call Jack back to CTU for another day of hardships. Mason, the new head, is, of course, not happy about this. Now, his daughter Kim is running from her employer, who is threatening to kill her. Palmer now must deal with his political staff, most of which are plotting against his actions on how to deal with the crisis. And Jack must face the toughest challenge of his life... finding the bomb with aid from the woman who killed his wife, Nina Myers. The clock is ticking... Kaufman Day 3: 3 years after the 2nd season, Jack Bauer is still working at CTU along with his daughter, Kim, and her boyfriend, Chase. Things begin to heat up as a drug cartel threatens to release a virus if their leader is not released. President Palmer is running for re-election and has to deal with a smear campaign launched by his opponent, and a traitor is operating in CTU. TIM1370 Day 4: 18 months after Season 3. Jack has been fired by Tony Almeida's replacement, Erin Driscoll, as have most of the agents featured in Season 3, except Chloe O'Brian. Jack now works for the Secretary of Defense, James Heller, and is dating his daughter, Audrey Raines. Jack has sworn to put his past behind him, but as a new threat emerges and Jack finds himself on the verge of returning to the life he tried to forget. cubsfanatic8228 Day 5: 18 Months have passed since Jack Bauer stole away across the train tracks after faking his own death. He's now living a quiet life in Bakersfield California, with a new love interest and her teenage son. But when a terrorist sniper's bullet kills one of his dearest friends, Jack Bauer cocks his gun and heads back to Los Angeles, and another day of work as America's most dangerous counter-terrorist agent. timberstorm It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 