nm0008084:

 Guardians of Time Lost (2013)Summaries They are a group of marginalized young men known as the "thugs of Al Lija" neighborhood. A mysterious world which carries within its folds the particular complexities of social and political realities in Lebanon is revealed. Between commitment and chaos, between courage and fear, between ideology and deviation and between chivalry and violence lies the street. They are a group of marginalised young men, known as the thugs of Al Lija and they reflect the chaos that characterises their neighbourhood in Beirut. anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Void (2013)211) Six Lebanese women, different ages, await the return of their sons, brothers, husbands or lovers, who have been missing since the Civil War. VOID depicts the events that take place on the eve of the Beirut Parliament Square sit-in, where the women petition to renew the cases of their missing men. The lives of these women revolve around waiting for the men in their lives. A wait filled with uncertainty, and hope. Sam Lahoud Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Six Lebanese women from different ages, each one of them is still waiting for one missing man from her life that disappeared/kidnapped in the Lebanese civil war. Their hidden emotional wounds are open once again one day prior to a protest in Beirut to keep their cause alive. Six femmes libanaises de diffrents ges, chacune d'eux est toujours en attente d'un homme de sa vie qui est disparu / enlev dans la guerre civile libanaise. Leurs blessures motionnelles caches sont nouveau ouverts un jour avant une manifestation Beyrouth pour garder leur cause vivante. 
 Martyr (2017)Summaries A young man's tragic death at Beirut's seaside causes his friends to grapple with loss and to partake in his community's rites and ceremonies, exposing the city's schisms and its society's fault lines. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Valet Parking (2013)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 