nm0006406:

 Trophy Wife (20132014)Summaries A reformed party girl finds herself an insta-family after falling in love with a man with 3 manipulative children and two judgmental ex-wives. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Why Not Choose Love: A Mary Pickford Manifesto (2019)Summaries An unconventional biopic based on the life Mary Pickford. She was the first America's Sweetheart, CoFounder of United Artists, and the only businesswoman in Hollywood. She is "The Girl with the Curls" before audiences know her name. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Theatre Fantastique (2014 )Summaries Do you dare enter the Theatre Fantastique? Acclaimed filmmaker Ansel Faraj presents this anthology series starring Christopher Penncok, featuring stories of horror, mystery, and the macabre. Featuring adaptations of classic works by Edgar Allan Poe and H.G. Wells, as well as original tales of suspense, each tale existing in its own haunting netherworld - Theatre Fantastique will stand alongside The Twilight Zone, Thriller, and Night Gallery in the annals of horror anthologies. Oldies.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Miss Castaway and the Island Girls (2004 TV Movie)Summaries A spoof that combines Cast Away with Miss Congeniality, Planet of the Apes, Love Boat, Gilligan's Island, The Sixth Sense, Jurassic Park, and more "Miss Cast Away" (aka "Island Girl") is a mix of "There's Something About Mary" and "Scary Movie" crosses "Cast Away" with "Miss Congeniality." What happens when a plane-load of beauty contestants, on it's way to the Miss Galaxy Pageant, crash-lands on a deserted island? Pilots, Mike Saunders and Maximus Power learn how to survive with a bevvie of beautiful women -- of which none have ever even gone camping. Soon the castaways discover the ancient Noah's ark on the island. The lost ark is being guarded by an oversized prehistoric pig (Jurassic Pork). Noah is boarding apes (a la Planet of the Apes) and our survivors have got to stop his plan and use the ark to get off the island. Sarah (superstar_gurl_05@hotmail.com) While traveling with a team of misses for the dispute of the Miss Galaxy, the airplane piloted by Maximus Powers and Mike Saunders crashes in an isolated, where lays Noah's Ark protected by the Jurassic Pork. While the group fight to survive, alien apes plot to use the ark to destroy the human race and dominate planet Earth. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 