nm0006694:

 R.S.V.P. (I) (2002)Summaries A psychology student invites a group of his friends and teacher to a drug and alcohol-fueled party where he plans to murder them all. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The First Time (I) (2012)321) A shy senior and a down-to-earth junior fall in love over one weekend. One night at a friend's house party, a somewhat confident Dave meets a cool and artistic girl named Aubrey. She helps him with his romantic feelings for Jane. They talk about Dave's feelings, and he believes he should tell Jane how he feels. They soon get interrupted by the cops showing up, but decide to walk home together. As the weekend begins, the new friends start to hang out, as well as discuss their relationship... And their virginity. Dave becomes more and more interested in Aubrey, and she reciprocates. Even though she is involved with Roni (her soon to be ex), she has trouble denying her true feelings for Dave. There is one problem, however, Dave is going off to college in another city. Aubrey still has one year left of high school. Will they be able to handle a long distance relationship? Is their love strong enough? Or will Dave chose Jane, the girl of his dreams instead. Jamie Paton Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dave and Aubrey meet on a Friday night in an alley outside a party and Dave asks Aubrey for advice about a girl that Dave likes, Jane. When the cops arrive, Dave and Aubrey evade the party and walk to her house. When they get to Aubrey's house, she invites him inside. Aubrey randomly asks Dave if he's had sex yet, to which he replies that he hasn't. When he asks her the same question, she refuses to answer. After their conversation, they fall asleep together in her room and when they wake up the next morning, Dave escapes through her bedroom window. Talking to his friends, Simon and Big Corporation, about Aubrey, they think she lied about having a boyfriend and tell him to text her, only for Dave to discover he doesn't have her number. They decide to call a guy who has access to Aubrey's high school student database, who gives Dave Aubrey's home number. When Dave calls Aubrey asking her what her plans are for the night, she says she's going to the movies with her boyfriend Ronny, to which Dave responds that he is also going with his friends. At the cinema, Dave bumps into Jane and her friends and discover they are seeing the same movie. When Aubrey bumps into Dave, she introduces him to Ronny. Aubrey and Ronny then go see the same movie as Dave and Jane. When Aubrey leaves during the film, Dave follows her into the lobby where she apologizes for being rude to him on the phone earlier and making him jump out the window that morning. Dave forgives her by finally getting her cell phone number and invites her and Ronny to a get together at Jane's friend, Brianna's, house. They then go back inside and continue watching the rest of the movie. At Brianna's house Aubrey and Jane have a chat where Jane reveals that Dave is her best guy friend who always listens to her about her relationships. After hearing what Dave says about Jane over the past days, Aubrey begins to suggest Jane go out with Dave but then stops half way through her sentence. Ronny reveals to Dave that after waiting a long time, he is going to have sex with Aubrey in his van that night. Dave then finds Aubrey and asks her not to lose her virginity to Ronny claiming that he isn't the right guy for her. Aubrey then declares that there isn't anyone right for her and that she wants to get it over with. Dave doesn't believe this and claims that she likes him. As they are about to share a kiss, Ronny interrupts wanting to leave immediately. Dave and Ronny get into a small fight and Aubrey leaves with Ronny. Dave is then alone with Jane, and whilst tending to his wound from his fight with Ronny, Jane begins talking about her relationships. Upon realizing his growing feelings for Aubrey, and that whenever Dave and Jane have their chats, all they ever do is talk about her, Dave leaves. On his drive home, Aubrey texts Dave asking him to pick her up. On their drive around town she reveals that she broke up with Ronny, and they share a kiss. The next night, Aubrey's parents go out for the evening, and Aubrey invites Dave over. Dave decides against bringing a condom in case they do have sex. He rebels against it, and goes to her house. When he arrives, they start making out, but Dave stops it claiming that this has been the best weekend of his life and he doesn't want to ruin it. They then state that not having sex is the better option and is much better for their relationship. They then decide to have sex anyway, despite what was just said. However, it doesn't go as smoothly as they planned, leaving them both confused about their relationship. Dave then seeks advice from Simon and Big Corporation, and whilst Simon tells him to move on as their relationship was never going to last, Big Corporation says to be a man and not to bail because of one little mishap. The next day, Dave comes to Aubrey's house and says that he wants to be in a relationship with her in spite of what happened the previous night. Dave then drives Aubrey to school. When they arrive and Aubrey walks to her first class, despite saying to Dave when they first met that she hates public displays of affection, she runs back to Dave and kisses him. 
 The Prom (2020)Summaries A troupe of hilariously self-obsessed theater stars swarm into a small conservative Indiana town in support of a high school girl who wants to take her girlfriend to the prom. In desperate need of a noble cause to revive their public images and bounce back, self-centred Broadway thespians, Dee Dee Allen and Barry Glickman, the narcissistic stars of Eleanor, The Eleanor Roosevelt Story, have come up with a foolproof plan to earn some positive publicity. As a result, to help Emma, a bright-eyed high-school student who has recently come out of the closet, make her dream come true, the flamboyant celebrity activists and their fellow struggling actors, Angie Dickinson and Trent Oliver, head to the small town of Edgewater, Indiana, to right a wrong. But, Emma only wants to take her girlfriend to the prom, and intolerance stands in the way of acceptance and happiness. Can the bold quartet give Emma the prom she deserves? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Spider-Man (2002)541) When bitten by a genetically modified spider, a nerdy, shy, and awkward high school student gains spider-like abilities that he eventually must use to fight evil as a superhero after tragedy befalls his family. Based on Marvel Comics' superhero character, this is a story of Peter Parker who is a nerdy high-schooler. He was orphaned as a child, bullied by jocks, and can't confess his crush for his stunning neighborhood girl Mary Jane Watson. To say his life is "miserable" is an understatement. But one day while on an excursion to a laboratory a runaway radioactive spider bites him... and his life changes in a way no one could have imagined. Peter acquires a muscle-bound physique, clear vision, ability to cling to surfaces and crawl over walls, shooting webs from his wrist ... but the fun isn't going to last. An eccentric millionaire Norman Osborn administers a performance enhancing drug on himself and his maniacal alter ego Green Goblin emerges. Now Peter Parker has to become Spider-Man and take Green Goblin to the task... or else Goblin will kill him. They come face to face and the war begins in which only one of them will survive at the end. Soumitra On a school field trip, Peter Parker (Maguire) is bitten by a genetically modified spider. He wakes up the next morning with incredible powers. After witnessing the death of his uncle (Robertson), Parkers decides to put his new skills to use in order to rid the city of evil, but someone else has other plans. The Green Goblin (Dafoe) sees Spider-Man as a threat and must dispose of him. Even if it means the Goblin has to target Parker's Aunt (Harris) and the girl he secretly pines for (Dunst) Film_Fan Always picked on at school, and repeatedly ignored by Mary Jane Watson, the beautiful red-head next door he adores, the insecure, brainy orphan, Peter Parker, can barely stand up for himself. Then, one day, while on a school field trip at a Columbia University laboratory, a genetically enhanced spider bites Peter, and an extraordinary transformation starts to take place. Now, with his body undergoing drastic changes, Peter gains distinct arachnid powers and phenomenal newfound super-abilities, only to quickly realise that with great power comes great responsibility. And, before long, the unhinged Green Goblin, an unnaturally strong super-villain, enters the picture, more than willing to put Peter's moral mettle to the test. But, is Peter's unexpected mutation a blessing or a curse? Will Peter Parker dedicate himself to fighting crime as New York City's masked protector? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Peter Parker (Tobey Maguire) is a nerdy high school senior in New York City. His parents are dead and he lives with his Uncle Ben (Cliff Robertson) and Aunt May (Rosemary Harris). He has a crush on his next door neighbor, Mary Jane Watson (Kirsten Dunst), who is also one of the few classmates who is nice to him. Her boyfriend, Flash (Joe Manganiello) and his buddies pick on him. Peter's only friend is Harry Osborn (James Franco), who, though rich and good-looking, is similarly an outcast. Harry, however, is somewhat jealous of the affection his father, Norman (Willem Dafoe) shows Peter. Norman, the head of weapons contractor Oscorp, appreciates Peter's scientific aptitude and can barely conceal his desire that Peter was his own son. Peter's science class takes a field trip to a genetics laboratory at Columbia University. The lab works on spiders and has even managed to create new species of spiders through genetic manipulation and combination. While Peter is taking photographs of Mary Jane for the school newspaper, one of these new spiders lands on his hand and bites him. Peter comes home feeling ill and immediately goes to bed. At the genetic level, the venom injected by the spider bite begins to work strange magic on Peter. Meanwhile, General Slocum (Stanley Anderson) visits Oscorp to see the results of their new super soldier formula. When one of Norman's top scientists, Dr. Stromm (Ron Perkins) warns him the formula is unstable, General Slocum threatens to pull all of the military's funding from Oscorp. Later that night, Norman exposes himself to the formula. He gains superhuman strength and agility but is driven insane. He kills Stromm and steals two other Oscorp inventions, an exoskeleton and jet glider. Peter wakes up the next morning feeling better than ever. He also learns his scrawny physique now ripples with muscles and his eyesight is perfect. At school that day, he learns he can shoot webs out of spinnerettes in his wrists. He demonstrates his own new agility by catching Mary Jane and her food tray when she slips at lunch and then beating an enraged Flash in a fistfight. That night, he and Mary Jane casually flirt across the fence separating their backyards, although Flash breaks this up when he arrives with his new car. Peter believes he needs a car to impress Mary Jane but knows neither he nor the cash-strapped and retired Ben and May would be able to afford one. One night he spies an advertisement in the paper. A local professional wrestling league will pay $3000 to anyone who can survive three minutes in the ring with their champion, Bone Saw (Randy "Macho Man " Savage). Peter designs a suit and heads out to the arena, telling Ben and May he is going to the library. Ben and May are worried about the changes in Peter's personality and Ben insists on driving him to the library. He tries to explain his and May's concerns. He encourages Peter not to get into any more fights; he might have the power to beat the Flash Thompsons of the world, but "with great power comes great responsibility" -- the responsibility to know when and how best to use that power. Peter reacts badly. He tells Ben he is not Peter's father and should not act like he is. Peter not only survives the wrestling match, he defeats Bone Saw in two minutes. But the promoter pays Peter only $100. Angry at being gypped, Peter stands aside as an armed robber (Michael Papajohn) holds up the promoter. However, when he gets out to the street, he discovers the robber fatally wounded Ben and stole his car. In anguish, Peter chases down the robber and beats him. The robber falls out of a window where his body is recovered by the police. That same night, a menacing figure wearing the stolen Oscorp exoskeleton and riding the jet glider attacks a weapons test at Quest Aerospace, Oscorp's chief competitor. Their prototype is destroyed and General Slocum is killed. Peter is inspired by Ben's admonition to use his spider powers for the greater good. He designs a new costume and swings around New York, foiling petty robberies and muggings as the Amazing Spider-man, a name he borrows from the announcer at the wrestling match. This does not endear him to J. Jonah Jameson (J.K. Simmons), the editor and publisher of the Daily Bugle, New York's leading muckracking tabloid. However, when he learns Spider-man sells newspapers, he puts out a call to photographers for better photos for his front page. Peter, Harry and Mary Jane graduate from high school and move to Manhattan. Peter and Harry get a loft together and attend classes at Empire State. Mary Jane works as a waitress and struggles to get acting auditions. She and Harry also begin seeing one another. Harry apologizes to Peter but points out Peter was always too shy to make a move himself. Peter struggles to hold down a job. Norman offers to help him find one but respects Peter's desire to make his own way in the world. Peter sees Jameson's advertisement for good photos of Spider-man and, webbing his camera in convenient places, gets excellent photos of his own heroic actions. Although Jameson doesn't pay well, he agrees to buy more of Peter's photos. Norman is also happy; Quest has to reorganize after the debacle that killed Slocum, Oscorp has more government contracts and the company's stock is soaring. He is crestfallen to learn the Board of Directors has chosen this moment to accept a buyout offer from Quest. His insanity manifests itself in a split personality: the driven yet confused Norman, and the murderous, scheming villain who will soon become known as the Green Goblin. As the Goblin, he attacks Oscorp's annual Unity Day street fair and kills the Board of Directors. His attack also endangers Mary Jane. Spider-Man fights off the Goblin and rescues Mary Jane when she nearly falls to her death. Mary Jane finds herself falling in love with Spider-Man, a feeling only reinforced when he saves her from some rapists a few days later during a rainy night. This time, she thanks him with a deep kiss. She doesn't know he is really Peter. The Goblin decides he and Spider-Man should be partners. He attacks the Bugle office to lure Spider-Man into a trap, using knock-out gas to subdue him, and then gives Spider-Man a few days to think over his offer of partnership. He warns Spider-Man the city will eventually turn against him, and that they should rule it together. A few days later, on Thanksgiving, Goblin stages a fire in an apartment building to get an answer from Spider-Man. Spider-Man refuses to join with Goblin, and the two fight. Spider-Man receives a bad cut on his arm. As Norman and Peter, the Goblin and Spider-Man are due at the loft for Thanksgiving dinner. They each race back separately. When Peter arrives to dinner with fresh blood from the cut on his sleeve, Norman realizes Peter is Spider-Man and hastily leaves. On the way out, he insults Mary Jane and she leaves, hurt that Harry didn't defend her. That night, Goblin attacks Aunt May at home, sending her to the hospital. While visiting her, Mary Jane reveals her crush on Spider-man to Peter but they wind up having an intimate moment themselves. Harry sees this and knows his relationship with Mary Jane is over. Goblin decides to strike at Spider-man through Mary Jane. He kidnaps her, then sabotages a trolley car along the Roosevelt Bridge. When Spider-Man arrives, Goblin gives him the choice of saving Mary Jane or the trolley car, then drops them both from the bridge. Spider-Man manages to save both, with an assist from a passing barge and pedestrians on the bridge who pelt Goblin with debris and delay him from his attempts to kill Spider-man. Goblin instead grabs Spider-Man and throws him into an abandoned building. The two fight, and the Goblin overpowers Spider-Man, even throwing a pumpkin bomb directly at Spider-Man's face, heavily damaging Spider-Man's mask and wounding him. As the Goblin holds back Spider-Man and is about to kill him with dual blades, he makes the mistake of threatening Mary Jane. Enraged at this, Spider-Man beats Goblin senseless, overpowering him, but stops when the Goblin unmasks to reveal himself to be Norman. Peter is shocked that Norman is the Goblin. Norman then tries to reason to Peter that all of the actions that had occurred were from the influence of the Goblin's persona upon him. As Norman talks to Peter, asking for forgiveness, Goblin's jet glider appears behind Spider-Man, and the Goblin persona takes over Norman. Goblin tries to use his jet glider to kill Spider-Man, but he leaps out of the way just in time; Norman is impaled and killed. As he dies, Norman asks Peter not to tell Harry about the Green Goblin. Spider-Man takes Norman's body back to his penthouse apartment. Harry sees them and blames Spider-Man for Norman's death. At the funeral, he vows revenge and thanks Peter for being such a great friend. Peter goes to visit Uncle Ben's grave. Mary Jane finds him there and confesses her love for him. She kisses him tenderly, passionately. Peter wants to tell her the truth but can't. Instead, he tells her he can never be more than her friend. Mary Jane has an inkling that she might have kissed him before but Peter walks away, knowing both his blessing and his curse in life: "Who am I? I'm Spider-Man." 