nm0000701:

 Titanic (1997)651) A seventeen-year-old aristocrat falls in love with a kind but poor artist aboard the luxurious, ill-fated R.M.S. Titanic. 84 years later, a 100 year-old woman named Rose DeWitt Bukater tells the story to her granddaughter Lizzy Calvert, Brock Lovett, Lewis Bodine, Bobby Buell and Anatoly Mikailavich on the Keldysh about her life set in April 10th 1912, on a ship called Titanic when young Rose boards the departing ship with the upper-class passengers and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, and her fianc, Caledon Hockley. Meanwhile, a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson and his best friend Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets to the ship in a game. And she explains the whole story from departure until the death of Titanic on its first and last voyage April 15th, 1912 at 2:20 in the morning. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> After winning a trip on the RMS Titanic during a dockside card game, American Jack Dawson spots the society girl Rose DeWitt Bukater who is on her way to Philadelphia to marry her rich snob fianc Caledon Hockley. Rose feels helplessly trapped by her situation and makes her way to the aft deck and thinks of suicide until she is rescued by Jack. Cal is therefore obliged to invite Jack to dine at their first-class table where he suffers through the slights of his snobbish hosts. In return, he spirits Rose off to third-class for an evening of dancing, giving her the time of her life. Deciding to forsake her intended future all together, Rose asks Jack, who has made his living making sketches on the streets of Paris, to draw her in the nude wearing the invaluable blue diamond Cal has given her. Cal finds out and has Jack locked away. Soon afterwards, the ship hits an iceberg and Rose must find Jack while both must run from Cal even as the ship sinks deeper into the freezing water. hEmRaJ (gavin_coolhgr@hotmail.com) Deep on the bottom of the sea, some 3,800 metres below the surface of the freezing Atlantic Ocean, lies the wreckage of a ship: the unmistakable carcass of the Titanic, once man's grandest mechanical achievement, now stripped of its former glory. Almost one long century later, intrigued by Titanic's hidden riches, the modern treasure hunter, Brock Lovett, and his well-equipped technical crew, find themselves in the middle of the ocean, digging for answers for the past three years; nevertheless, without any success. But, when centenarian Rose Calvert, one of the few survivors of the Titanic, learns about this ambitious crusade, she decides to unfold her incredible and utterly tragic story; one that intertwines the extraordinary journey of the exquisite, deep-blue Heart-of-the-Ocean diamond of King Louis XVI, with the unlikely romance of Rose and the young bohemian vagabond, Jack Dawson. Now, an emotional trip down memory lane awaits. Can the mistakes of the past teach a lesson in humility to paupers and royalty alike? Nick Riganas Deep-sea explorer Brock Lovett has reached the most famous shipwreck of all - the Titanic. Emerging with a safe believed to contain a diamond called 'The Heart of the Ocean', he discovers the safe does not hold the diamond but a drawing of a beautiful woman wearing it. When Brock is later interviewed on TV, he shows the drawing to the cameras, and a 100-year-old woman named Rose Calvert living in Michigan recognizes the woman in the drawing - herself! On a visit to Brock's explorer ship over the wreck, Rose tells her story of the Titanic and its ill-fated voyage. Engaged to a would-be steel magnate, Caledon Hockley, she boards the Titanic's first-class suites with him and her mother in Southampton. Also boarding are Jack Dawson and his best friend Fabrizio De Rossi, after a lucky poker game wins them tickets in steerage. When Rose attempts suicide by jumping off the stern in third-class, Jack pulls her back onto the ship... and a bond is forged between them as Jack is invited by her into first-class the following day. Rose's mother and Caledon Hockley try desperate measures to keep them apart. But that strategy goes out the window when the Titanic collides with an iceberg, and due to a design flaw begins to sink - despite being proclaimed 'unsinkable'. Now Rose and Jack must fight to stay alive, but is young Jack already doomed because of his lower status as a steerage passenger? Derek O'Cain Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1996, treasure hunter Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) and his team aboard the research vessel Keldysh search the wreck of RMS Titanic for a necklace with a rare diamond, the Heart of the Ocean. They recover a safe containing a drawing of a young woman wearing only the necklace. It is dated April 14, 1912, the day the ship struck the iceberg. Rose Dawson Calvert (Gloria Stuart), claiming to be the person in the drawing, visits Lovett and tells of her experiences aboard the ship. In 1912 Southampton, 17-year-old first-class passenger Rose DeWitt Bukater (Kate Winslet), her fianc Cal Hockley (Billy Zane), and her mother Ruth (Frances Fisher) board the Titanic. Also boarding the ship at Southampton are Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio), a down-on-his-luck sketch artist, and his Italian friend Fabrizio (Danny Nucci). Young Rose, angry and distraught that her mother has apparently arranged the marriage, considers committing suicide by jumping from the stern; Jack manages to pull her back over the rail after she loses her footing & nearly falls into the propellers. Discovered with Jack, Rose tells Cal that she was peering over the edge and Jack saved her from falling. Cal is indifferent, but when Rose indicates some recognition is due, he offers Jack a small amount of money. After Rose asks whether saving her life meant so little, he invites Jack to dine with them in first class the following night, along with several prominent first-class passengers - including the Countess of Rothes, Archibald Gracie (Bernard Fox), Thomas Andrews (Victor Garber), Molly Brown (Kathy Bates), and John Jacob Astor (Eric Braeden) & his wife. Jack and Rose develop a tentative friendship, though Cal and Ruth are wary of him. Following dinner, Rose secretly joins Jack at a party in third class. During the party Cal's butler, Spicer Lovejoy (David Warner) stealthily sneaks down the third class staircase to spy on her. After a very tense breakfast the following morning, in which Cal shows an inclination towards violence, Rose becomes even more apprehensive about her upcoming marriage. Ruth emphasizes that Rose's marriage will resolve the DeWitt Bukaters' financial problems. After spotting Rose, Cal and Ruth out on the Boat Deck, Jack stealthily sneaks back into First Class and tries to warn Rose about what she may be facing. Rose rebuffs Jack's advances, but later realizes that she prefers him over Cal. After meeting on the bow at sunset, Rose takes Jack to her state room and displays Cal's engagement present: the Heart of the Ocean. At her request, Jack sketches Rose posing nude wearing it. Meanwhile, in the First-Class Smoking Room, Cal's butler informs him that none of the stewards have seen Rose at all that night. Cal orders the butler to find her. Rose & Jack manage to evade Cal's bodyguard and have sex in an automobile inside the cargo hold. They later visit the forward well deck, and while on it, the lookouts spot an iceberg directly in the ship's path. Orders are given to turn the ship hard a-starboard and run the engines full astern, but the ship takes too long to make the turn and the starboard side scrapes along the iceberg, causing substantial damage to the watertight compartments, including the cargo hold where Jack & Rose had been having sex in the automobile. Jack & Rose witness the collision with the iceberg and overhear the officers and designer discussing its seriousness. On the bridge, builder Thomas Andrews, Captain Smith (Bernard Hill), the ship's officers and White Star Line Managing Director Bruce Ismay (Jonathan Hyde) discuss the damage. The water has reached 14 feet above the keel in 10 minutes and has flooded 5 watertight compartments. Mr. Andrews warns that because of a design flaw, the water will spill over the tops of the bulkheads at E Deck, and this will cause the ship to sink. He gives an hour, two at most, for the ship to remain afloat. Cal discovers Jack's sketch of Rose and a mocking note from her in his safe along with the necklace. When Jack and Rose attempt to tell Cal of the collision, he has his butler slip the necklace into Jack's pocket and accuses him of theft. He is arrested, taken to the Master-at-arms' office, and handcuffed to a pipe. Cal puts the necklace in his own coat pocket. With the ship sinking, Rose is desperate to free Jack. She flees Cal and her mother, who has boarded a lifeboat, and rescues him. They return to the boat deck, where Cal and Jack encourage her to board a lifeboat; Cal claims he can get himself and Jack off safely. After Rose boards one, Cal tells Jack the arrangement is only for himself. As her boat lowers, Rose decides that she cannot leave Jack and jumps back on board. Jack confronts her, angrily at first, but his angers soon turns to affection and they share a series of kisses at the bottom of the Grand Staircase. Cal, seeing this, takes his butler's pistol and chases Rose and Jack into the flooding first class dining saloon. After using up his ammunition, Cal realizes he gave his coat and consequently the necklace to Rose. Jack & Rose are forced to flee below decks to escape Cal, and narrowly escape drowning themselves. They become trapped behind a locked gate, but Jack manages to free them just as the rising water reaches their heads. Out on the Boat Deck, Cal decides to make his own escape. He reminds the First Officer of the arrangement made earlier, but the officer angrily turns on Cal and refuses to allow him boarding. When he spots a lost child hiding behind a winch, he takes the child and is subsequently allowed into a collapsible lifeboat by Chief Officer Wilde. As Cal and others board the collapsible, the water surges into the bridge & wheelhouse, drowning Captain E.J. Smith and causing Cal's boat to start floating off the deck. By now the stern is staring to rise out of the water and the remaining passengers are running farther & farther aft. After braving several obstacles, Jack and Rose return to the boat deck. All the lifeboats have departed and passengers are falling to their deaths as the stern rises out of the water. Water now crashes through the huge dome over the Grand Staircase, drowning those passengers trapped inside. Jack & Rose reach the very stern - where they had first met - and take up positions on it by climbing over the rail, next to Chief Baker Charles Joughin. The ship breaks in half, causing the stern to crash down into the water and killing Lovejoy, the butler. As the bow breaks off it pulls the stern back into the air, leaving it sitting there for a minute. Jack and Rose ride it into the ocean as it fills with water and then plunges to the bottom. As Jack & Rose let go of the stern, the Titanic disappears into the darkness below them, and they both swim to the surface to find themselves in a massive mob of passengers and crew. Within minutes, Rose & Jack find a piece of paneling from the Grand Staircase, and he helps her onto the wooden panel only buoyant enough for one person. Holding the edge, he assures her that she will die an old woman, warm in her bed. He dies of hypothermia but she is saved when Fifth Officer Lowe & some crewmen return to try to find survivors. With Rose hiding from Cal en route, the RMS Carpathia takes the survivors to New York. There she gives her name as Rose Dawson. She later learns that Cal committed suicide after losing everything in the 1929 Wall Street Crash. Lovett abandons his search after hearing Rose's story. Alone on the stern of the Keldysh, Rose takes out the Heart of the Ocean - in her possession all along - and drops it into the sea over the wreck site. While she is seemingly asleep in her bed, photos on her dresser depict a life of freedom and adventure, partly inspired by Jack. A young Rose returns to the ship - at first, a gloomy wreck on the bottom - but as Rose reaches the Promenade Deck the ship begins to glow with light. As she enters the Grand Staircase she is greeted by those who perished on the ship - including the Titanic's band, First Officer Murdoch, Thomas Andrews, Jack's friends Fabrizio & Tommy Ryan, and standing at the clock is Jack himself. He extends a hand and they reunite, to the happy cheers of the perished passengers & crew. 
 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004)761) When their relationship turns sour, a couple undergoes a medical procedure to have each other erased from their memories. Much to his surprise, timid Joel Barish is shocked to discover that the love of his life, sparky Clementine, has had him erased from her memory. To pay her back in the same coin, poor Joel summons up the courage to undergo a painless but intricate medical procedure to do the same, utterly unaware that darkness is an essential part of the light. Now, as hurt and angry Joel's ugly recollections of Clementine gradually fade away, giving way to a soulless black void, suddenly, he begins having second thoughts, toying with the idea of stopping the irreversible process. In the end, is ignorance really bliss? Nick Riganas A man awakes disheveled; impulsively, he skips work, heading instead to the shore. On this chilly February day, a woman in orange, hair dyed blue, chats him up: she's Clementine, he's Joel, shy and sad; by day's end, he likes her. The next night she takes him to the frozen Charles River. After, as he drops her off, she asks to sleep at his place, and she runs up to get her toothbrush. Strange things occur: their meeting was not entirely chance, they have a history neither remembers. Our seeing how the lacunae came to be and their discovery of the memory loss take the rest of the film. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Joel is stunned to discover that his girlfriend Clementine has had her memories of their tumultuous relationship erased. Out of desperation, he contracts the inventor of the process, Dr. Howard Mierzwaik, to have Clementine removed from his own memory. But as Joel's memories progressively disappear, he begins to rediscover their earlier passion. From deep within the recesses of his brain, Joel attempts to escape the procedure. As Dr. Mierzwiak and his crew chase him through the maze of his memories, it's clear that Joel just can't get her out of his head. Focus Features On a Valentine Day, Joel Barish feels the impulse of going to Montauk instead of working. After spending the cold day on the beach, he meets Clementine Kruczynski on the train station and they have a crush on each other. Joel and Clementine do not know that they were mates in the past. Joel has just erased Clementine from his memories when he found that Clementine did exactly the same, when their relationship ended. However, along his erasing process, Joel becomes astonished when he finds that he still loves Clementine and he does not want to lose her, fighting for keeping the memories of their moments together instead. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil This is the story of a guy, Joel, who discovers that his long-time girlfriend, Clementine, has undergone a psychiatrist's experimental procedure in which all of her memory of Joel is removed, after the couple has tried for years to get their relationship working fluidly. Frustrated by the idea of still being in love with a woman who doesn't remember their time together, Joel agrees to undergo the procedure as well, to erase his memories of Clementine. The film, which takes place mostly within Joel's mind, follows his memories of Clementine backwards in time as each recent memory is replaced, and the procedure then goes on to the previous one, which is likewise seen, and then erased. Once the process starts, however, Joel realizes he doesn't really want to forget Clementine, so he starts smuggling her away into parts of his memory where she doesn't belong which alters other things about his memories as well... austin4577@aol.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Joel Barish (Jim Carrey) is an emotionally withdrawn man and Clementine Kruczynski (Kate Winslet) is his girlfriend who is a dysfunctional free spirit. They are inexplicably attracted to each other despite their different personalities. They do not realize it at the time, but they are former lovers now separated after two years together. After a nasty fight, Clementine has had her memories of their relationship erased from her mind. Upon learning this, Joel is devastated and goes to the doctor to have the same procedure done. However, while unconscious, Joel has second thoughts and decides he wants to keep his memories of Clementine. Much of the film takes place in Joel's brain as he tries to find a way to preserve his memories of Clementine, and two Lacuna techies Patrick (Elijah Wood) and Stan (Mark Ruffalo) try to erase the memories. We watch their love and courtship go in reverse: The memories are slowly erased while Joel tries his best to resist the procedure and hide inside his mind. In separate and related story arcs, the employees of Lacuna Corporation are revealed to be more than peripheral characters in scenes which further show the harm caused by the memory-altering procedure. Mary (Kirsten Dunst) has had an affair with the married Dr. Howard Mierzwiak, who heads the company (Tom Wilkinson). She agreed to have the affair erased from her memory when his wife discovered the relationship. Lonely, socially inept Patrick becomes fixated on Clementine and uses Joel's personal mementos that he gave to Lacuna as part of the procedure in order to seduce her. These romantic entanglements turn out to have a critical effect on the main story line of the relationship between Joel and Clementine. Once Mary learns of the affair she has had with Mierzwiak, she steals the company's records and sends them to all of its clients. Thus Joel and Clementine both get to listen to their initial tape recordings at Lacuna, and afterwards realize that even if everything in life isn't perfect, their relationship can still be worthwhile. 
 Sense and Sensibility (1995)651) Rich Mr. Dashwood dies, leaving his second wife and her three daughters poor by the rules of inheritance. The two eldest daughters are the title opposites. When Mr. Dashwood (Tom Wilkinson) dies, he must leave the bulk of his estate to the son by his first marriage, which leaves his second wife and their three daughters Elinor (Dame Emma Thompson), Marianne (Kate Winslet), and Margaret (Emilie Franois), in straitened circumstances. They are taken in by a kindly cousin, but their lack of fortune affects the marriageability of practical Elinor and romantic Marianne. When Elinor forms an attachment for the wealthy Edward Ferrars (Hugh Grant), his family disapproves and separates them. And though Mrs. Jennings (Elizabeth Spriggs) tries to match the worthy (and rich) Colonel Brandon (Alan Rickman) to her, Marianne finds the dashing and fiery John Willoughby (Greg Wise) more to her taste. Both relationships are sorely tried. Kathy Li After the death of Mr. Dashwood (Tom Wilkinson), the Dashwood family takes a step down in society and faces hardship as they are four women virtually penniless. Elinor (Dame Emma Thompson) and Marianne (Kate Winslet), two sisters with different perspectives on life and interests, keep one another in line and support one another through death, hardship, love, and friendship. zippy zipper When Elinor Dashwood's (Dame Emma Thompson's) father dies, her family's finances are crippled. After the Dashwoods move to a cottage in Devonshire, Elinor's sister Marianne (Kate Winslet) is torn between the handsome John Willoughby (Greg Wise) and the older Colonel Brandon (Alan Rickman). Meanwhile, Elinor's romantic hopes with Edward Ferrars (Hugh Grant) are hindered due to his prior engagement. Elinor and Marianne strive for love while the circumstances in their lives constantly change. Jwelch5742 At wealthy Mr. Dashwood's (Tom Wilkinson's) death, his entire estate goes to son John (James Fleet), who promised to take care of the family, but his greedy wife Fanny (Harriet Walter) takes him out of generosity, so the widow gets a tiny pension, forcing her to move with three daughters to a cheap country cottage. They are warmly welcomed by the local gentry. Eldest daughter Elinor (Dame Emma Thompson), sensible and responsible, suddenly harbors romantic hopes after meeting Fanny's charming, courteous, unambitious brother Edward Ferrars (Hugh Grant), the only person winning her sister Margaret's (Emilie Franois') confidence, who dreams of a quite parish, but seems to give in to his domineering mother. Romantic, impulsive second daughter Marianne (Kate Winslet) is instantly smitten when rescued after a clumsy fall by dashing mounted doctor John Willoughby (Greg Wise), and gets coyer attention from colonial India veteran Colonel Brandon (Alan Rickman). KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This is yet another adaption of Jane Austin's book Sense and Sensibility. It is set in the neo-Classicism era, this is plainly seen in the style of dress by women and men, as well as the architecture of the wealthy houses. When Mr. Dashwood dies, his wife and three daughters - Elinor, Marianne and Margaret - are dismayed to learn that their inheritance consists of only 500 a year, with the bulk of the estate of Norland Park left to his son John from a previous marriage. John's scheming, greedy, snobbish wife Fanny immediately installs herself and her spouse in the palatial home and invites her brother Edward Ferrars to stay with them. She frets about the budding friendship between Edward and Elinor and does everything she can to prevent it from developing. Sir John Middleton, a cousin of the widowed Mrs. Dashwood, offers her a small cottage house on his estate, Barton Park in Devonshire. She and her daughters move in. It is here that Marianne meets the older Colonel Brandon, who falls in love with her at first sight. Competing with him for her affections is the dashing but deceitful John Willoughby, who steals Marianne's heart. Unbeknownst to the Dashwood family, Brandon's ward is found to be pregnant with Willoughby's child, and Willoughby's aunt Lady Allen disinherits him. He moves to London, leaving Marianne heartbroken. Sir John's mother-in-law, Mrs. Jennings, invites her daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Palmer, to visit. They bring with them the impoverished Lucy Steele. Lucy confides in Elinor that she and Edward have been engaged secretly for five years, thus dashing Elinor's hopes of romance with him. Mrs. Jennings takes Lucy, Elinor, and Marianne to London, where they meet Willoughby at a ball. They learn that he is engaged to the extremely wealthy Miss Grey; and the clandestine engagement of Edward and Lucy comes to light. Edward's mother demands that he break off the engagement. When he refuses, his fortune is taken from him and given to his younger brother Robert. On their way home to Devonshire, Elinor and Marianne stop for the night at the country estate of the Palmers, who live near Willoughby. Marianne cannot resist going to see his estate and walks five miles in a torrential rain to do so. As a result, she becomes seriously ill and is nursed back to health by Elinor. After Marianne recovers, the sisters return home. They learn that Miss Steele has become Mrs. Ferrars and assume that she is married to Edward, who arrives to explain that Miss Steele has unexpectedly wed Robert Ferrars. Edward is thus released from his engagement. Edward proposes to Elinor and becomes a vicar, while Marianne falls in love with and marries Colonel Brandon. In the distance, Mr. Willoughby watches from his horse on the hill, regretting his choice of money over his love, Marianne. 
 Revolutionary Road (2008)321) A young couple living in a Connecticut suburb during the mid-1950s struggle to come to terms with their personal problems while trying to raise their two children. It's 1955. Frank and April Wheeler, are in the 'seven year itch' of their marriage; they're not happy. April has forgone her dream of being an actress, and Frank hates his job. One day, April suggests they move to Paris as a means to rejuvenate their life. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins at a house party, where Frank Wheeler (Leonardo DiCaprio) eyes April (Kate Winslet) from across the room. They go to the corner, introduce themselves and chat. She says she is learning to be an actress. Next scene we jump immediately to the end of a play, as the curtain is about to come down. We see April on stage upset, and Frank in the audience with a huge frown on his face. Some people clap and cheer and some are really disappointed with the play, walking by Frank as they go on about how terrible it was. Mrs. Helen Givings (Kathy Bates) walks by and compliments Frank that his wife was terrific in the play. Frank smiles and walks away. Frank goes backstage looking for April. On the way he sees Milly Campbell (Kathryn Hahn), who was also in the play. She tells Frank that she and her husband Shep (David Harbour) are ready for a drink. Frank agrees and goes to the private dressing room where he finds a devastated April changing. She asks Frank to tell Milly and Shep they cannot go out for a drink, using their nanny as an excuse. Frank and April argue a bit but Frank obliges. We then see a far shot of Frank and April leaving in the hallway of a high school with obvious distance between the two of them, not saying a word, even when they are in the car. While driving, Frank turns and tells April that it wasn't her fault that the play was bad, it was because it was unprofessional with lousy scripts and amateur actors and actresses around her. Not only does April not appreciate his comments, she asks Frank not to talk about it. They argue some more and Frank pulls the car over. Frank tells April that it's not his fault the play sucked -he is being very supportive and he is not going to put up with anymore of the bullshit she is giving him. April gets out of the car and Frank follows angrily. They scream at each other about how Frank is always trying to talk things out while all she wants to do is have peace and quiet to deal with it herself. The argument gets heated and April insults Frank about trying to be tough and manly. Frank makes a fist and looks like he is about to hit April but he controls his urge to hit her and starts to pound the hood of their car instead, hurting his hand. April asks Frank to take her home. They drive off. Now the title Revolutionary Road comes to screen. We see Frank getting ready to go to work. Dressed in a grey suit and a hat, he drives to the station and takes the train into the city. The setting is suburban Connecticut in the 1950s. We now see April stopping to stare at the neighborhood as she is taking out the trash. She flashes back to sitting in the car with Frank while Mrs. Givings, their realtor, is driving. Throughout the drive Mrs. Givings keeps mentioning how the two of them are so different from anyone else in the neighborhood. This is a recurring reference, people mentioning Frank and April Wheeler as the model couple of the town. They pull up to the house they eventually buy and we see how delighted April is with it. Flash back to present day. Frank is within hundreds of other people heading to work - his face shows just how miserable he is with this everyday routine. While riding the elevator a cute young secretary gives him a glance which puts a smile on Frank's face. On his way to his cubicle Frank trades pleasantries and miseries with his coworkers. He is called into the boss's office for a discussion regarding a bad job he did. (We realize Frank works in Knoxx as a salesperson like his dad did all his life.) He is ticked at being yelled at by his boss so he revises his work with a half-assed, joking attitude that could very well cost him his job. Frank then goes to the cute secretary he saw in the elevator earlier and asks her to type the revised edition for him and asks her out for lunch. During lunch they drink martinis and he calls the office to tell them that he needs the secretary for the day to help him do research. After he hangs up they both laugh. During their conversation, Frank tells the secretary a joke; the joke is that his dad worked all his life at the same company as a salesperson and he thinks that he was the most miserable man he has ever known and swore he would never be like him. Years later he is doing the exact same job his dad did all his life. To top that off, today is his 30th birthday and he is miserable. Frank and the secretary go to her apartment where they have sex. He then leaves in a hurry with a very casual good-bye, leaving the secretary feeling used. Frank gets home and is greeted with a kiss by a dressed up April. He is then surprised with a birthday cake by April, their son Michael (Ty Simpkins) and their daughter Jennifer (Ryan Simpkins) who sing Happy Birthday to him which bring tears of joy to his eyes. Around this time of the movie April is flipping through old pictures and finds a picture of Frank and his buddies standing in front of the Eiffel Tower. April has a flashback of the first night she slept with Frank when he told her if he has a choice he would live in Paris where people actually have lives. April tells him that he is the most interesting person she has ever met. At night after a shower, April asks to talk to Frank. She proposes the idea that between their savings and selling their house they would have enough money to survive without work for six months and wants them to move to Paris. She believes that they pay secretaries so well that Frank can finally have the time to enjoy his life and all and they can get away from this misery they are in right now. At first Frank just laughs off the idea but then begins to buy into it. They agree and hug. They break the news to their friends Shep and Milly Campbell who are shocked but supportive as Frank and April are so serious and so convincing of how their lives in Paris would be. At night, Shep and Milly laugh at this idea but Milly also cries, maybe at the notion of friends leaving or that the friends are on to better lives than theirs. April invites Mr. and Mrs. Givings and their troubled son John (Michael Shannon), who currently resides in a psychiatric ward, to a gathering (actually a favor to Mrs. Givings, who believes meeting the perfect couple will do her son good). John is a very blunt man and has no sense of manners at all. Frank and April are patient and allow John to ridicule everything they have to say. Frank and April mention they are leaving their lives here and starting a new one in Paris. This causes John to laugh at everything his mother believed, that the perfect couple couldn't even stand this place. Frank and April ask John to go for a walk with them afterwards. During the walk, Frank and April learn that John gets electroshock constantly for his mental problems, and in some ways, they bond during the talk. John asks why they are leaving here and Frank's answer is to leave this place of helplessness. John agrees and says it takes a wise man to see it, but a brave man to admit this sense of helplessness. In the next couple of weeks the Wheelers are preparing for their new lives; April gets their visas and all of their traveling documents taken care of and Frank continues going to work but with so much more joy. They seem to be happier now, no more arguments and definitely very loving. Frank is called into the boss's office one morning with the chief executive inside as well. Frank is so sure he is going to get fired (which he doesn't care about) for the half-assed work he did a couple of weeks ago. Turns out his half-assed work hit the jackpot and got great reviews within the company which leads them to offer Frank a promotion working with the chief executive on a new project: computers. Frank doesn't take the job yet, nor does he mention it to April. They are so happy that they are taking this step at a new life that they make love right there in the kitchen. After a while the chief executive calls Frank in for a fancy dinner to talk about the promotion. The chief executive really wants Frank in and he is tempted but not fully willing to take the job. Frank asks if he knows his father, who worked at the company for 30 years, the chief says no. The chief tells him that a man only gets a couple of chances in life so when the opportunity comes, he better grab onto it as tight as possible because there just might not be another one coming. This gets Frank thinking. Later, April tells Frank that she is 10 weeks pregnant and they both are worried. She says there are options as long as it is before the 12th week. They agree that a child would not be an option for them to take to Paris as it changes the whole plan. Frank is not supportive of the idea of abortion. Next we see the Wheelers and the Campbells at the beach enjoying the sunshine and the water. Frank, knowing April can hear the conversation, speaks loudly to Shep about what a great opportunity it is and how much more money he is being offered for the promotion. April notices Frank is starting to lean away from their idea of a new life in Paris and they argue at the beach - Frank jumps into the water to cool off. At night, while they argue some more, Frank goes to the restroom and as he is getting a towel he notices an abortion kit on the shelf. He is furious and starts to scream at April. During the argument she mentions that the reason they moved here was because of an unplanned pregnancy and that she doesn't want to decide another part of their lives for the same reason. She said she has no plans to use the kit for sure but she got it just in case. They argue some more and April understands that Paris is no longer an option. The next day Frank takes the promotion and while staying late, he goes out with the young secretary again. Another night Frank, April, Milly and Shep go out dancing. Milly and Shep are happy that the Paris trip is not going to happen, everyone is happy except for April. Frank asks April to dance but April says no so he dances with Milly instead. At the end of the night when they are leaving their cars are blocked in so since both of their nannies are waiting, April stays with Shep to wait for the car to be moved while Frank takes Milly home to relieve the nannies. April and Shep go back into the bar and start to dance with a lot of flirting and implications which leads to them having sex in his car. Shep tells April that he loves her and April tells him not to talk. The next day Frank sees how unhappy April is and worries that they haven't slept on the same bed ever since the Paris trip got canceled. He decides to tell April how much he loves her and how he wants to make her happy here at home. He goes so far as to tell her that he had an affair but he ended it. April is not even mad hearing it. She says she feels nothing, because she no longer loves him. Just then, Mrs. Givings stops by along with her husband and her son John. As they eat dinner they mention that Paris is no longer an option and that April is going to have a baby. This gets John upset so he starts to insult Frank and April saying that he is not a man anymore because he is eating his own words about the helplessness and all that. Frank starts to get mad and impatient while John goes on to say Frank only feels like a man because he knocked April up. This gets the Givings kicked out of the house, and on the way out, John jokingly apologizes but says he is happy about one thing, that he is not that kid that is going to be born into this miserable family. When the Givings leave, April and Frank get into another heated argument. Frank is so emotional and angry that he slams the door, punches the wall, throws lamps, breaks chairs and is completely out of control. April says that if Frank touches her she will scream, Frank holds her hand and she screams and runs out of the house. Frank chases after her into the woods. April tells Frank to leave her alone, that she doesn't want to talk things out; she just wants to be alone to think it through. Frank complies and leaves her in the woods. While in the house, Frank sits in a chair in the living room, drinking and worrying about April and her safety but when she comes back she does not come into the house, she just keeps smoking right outside the door while Frank stays in the house with the lights off. The next morning Frank is ready to go to work and he sees a beautiful and 'rejuvenated' April preparing breakfast, asking Frank politely how he wants his eggs. Frank is caught off guard but is relieved that the whole drama is done and they go on to have breakfast. During breakfast, he talks about his work and the new computer to April who appears interested in every word he has to say and tells him he should take pleasure in what he does. They have an awkward goodbye at the door with a kiss and wavery smile from April. Frank asks if she still loves him and she replies with a calm yes. Frank leaves in his car. Back in the house, April's fragile demeanor cracks and she cries while doing the dishes. She calls Milly to ask her to tell her children that she loves them very much. She boils a pot of water and lays down some towels on the bathroom floor while she holds the abortion kit in her hand as she closes the door. We then see April gently walk down the stairs to the living room where she looks out the window; she bleeds all over the carpet and her skirt, then calls the ambulance. At the hospital, Frank is worried and crying while Shep comforts him. He talks about broken capillaries and other stuff the doctor told him that he couldn't understand. He finishes with "she did it to her herself." Shep leaves to get Frank some coffee and is seen crying at the vending machine. He returns to see Frank get news that April did not make it because she bled out too much before the ambulance got to her. Frank runs down the street. The next scene we see Milly and Shep with a new couple in their house and they are sharing the tragic story of the Wheelers. Milly mentions that Frank moved back into the city with the kids and he was the most devoted father there is, spending all his time with them. Shep walks out to the backyard and Milly follows suit. Shep tells Milly that he no longer wants to talk about the Wheelers and she says okay, both subdued for a minute with memories. They hug and kiss and walk back inside the house. We see a scene of Frank sitting on a park bench watching his children on the swings, looking sad and thoughtful. When one of his kids calls him, he looks up and smiles softly, looking wistfully a little happier. In the final scene, Mrs. Givings is sitting on the couch talking to her husband Howard (Richard Easton). She talks about the neighborhood and what it has become. When Howard mentions the Wheelers, Mrs. Givings starts to criticize them as being somewhat neurotic and difficult, neglecting the house. As she is going on and on about it, he begins to turn down his hearing aid, and smiles faintly with the new silence. 