nm0008246:

 Sledy ukhodyat za gorizont (1965)Summaries Village life of modern Kazakh youth and their struggle against bad traditions It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Za nami Moskva (1968)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Year of the Dragon (1981)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Adventures of Ali-Baba and the Forty Thieves (1980)44) Alibaba, (Dharmendra) a native of Guleba is in love with Marjina (Hema Malini). The town has a ruler, Abu Hasan. Guleban is terrorized by dacoits. Ali Baba hears the password to the door of the cave of the dacoits and takes a lot of jewels from the cave. His brother is killed by the dacoits as he forgets the password and is trapped inside. A young girl whose father has been murdered by the dacoits (Zeenat Aman) has a score to settle with Abu Hasan. Abu Hasan turns out to be the head of the dacoits and he comes to know that Ali Baba visits the cave. He hides the 40 thieves in large urns to kill Ali Baba. Ali Baba comes to know of this and kills them all. He brings to light the startling truth that their own ruler heads the dacoits! gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Set in the days of 12th century, Abu Hassan, a notorious bandit, is having a reign of terror on the people of Gulabad (city of flowers). No caravan is able to trade safely as all the money is looted and people killed by 40 cronies of Abu Hassan. In one such caravan, are traveling Fatima and her father; a person who knows how to make gun powder. When Abu Hassan along with his thieves attack the caravan, he throws bags filled with gun powder on them but unluckily, Abu Hassan manages to loot them and hostage him and Fatima to his cave. Fatima is then used as a spy to get the knowledge of caravans arriving in the city in return for life of her father. But her father knowing that Fatima has been trapped in their net due to him, gives her a letter and tells her not to open it unless she is out of the cave. When Abu Hassan lets Fatima go out of the cave for spying, she reads the letter which is in fact a suicide note informing her that she is now free and need not to come back as her father will be dead by the time she would be reading that note. Meanwhile, Alibaba, a young man finds a letter from the king that his father has been found by the king and is living there as he is too weak to return home. Alibaba goes to the palace to bring his father who had gone for trading years ago and could not manage to return home so long that Alibaba could not identify him. On the same day when Alibaba reaches the palace, the General has taken command from the king and killed him while the king's daughter, Princess Marjina, is running for her life. Check out how fate united Alibaba, Marjina and Fatima to free the people of Gulabad out of the reign of terror of Abu Hassan. Mohsin Ali Khan Circa Mughal rule in remote Asia; bandit, Abu Hassan wants to conquer Bahristan and his inhabitants thus any caravan that passes through this region is ambushed. Abu and his accomplices manages to destroyed a dam with the use of a bomb thus making the residents dependent for water. Abu's attributes meets with considerable success when the Khazi is killed leaving him to take the Khazi's place. His penchant comes to an end when timber cutter, Alibaba comes to know of his hide-out, as well as the mountain cave in which his treasure is kept. He then loots this wealth to distribute among his village people and uses the remaining to rebuild the dam. When Abu Hassan gets to know of this; Alibaba's brother Qasim is killed while Alibaba is summon to combat the notorious bandit for the release of his lady love, Marjina. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Alibaba lives with his mother, an elder brother, Qasim, in a small village circa Mughal rule in Asia. His father is a merchant who has been gone for several years, and Alibaba does not even remember him. When news reaches them that his father has gone missing, Alibaba goes in his search and not only finds his father, but also rescues Shehzadi Marjina from Shamsher. Both Marjina and Alibaba fall in love with each other. Then they are attacked, Marjina is taken captive, and his father is killed. After burying his father, Alibaba finds out that Marjina is being sold in the slave market, he borrows money from Qasim, and uses that to pay for Marjina, and brings her home. Qasim wants to recover his money, and as a result decides to evict Alibaba from their family home. Alibaba and his mother leave the home. It is then the Khazi of the region announces a reward for the capture of notorious bandit Abu Hussain. Shortly, thereafter Alibaba comes to know the secret hideout of Hussain, gets some gold and jewelery from there, which he distributes amongst villagers for diverting some water to their parched land. Alibaba then informs the Khazi about Hussain's hideout. What Alibaba does not know is the Khazi and Hussain are one and the same person, and that the Khazi has given instructions to his men to ensure that Alibaba is killed, so that no one can get their hands on his treasure. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 