nm0001965:

 Stormy Weather (2003)Summaries A very sad but genuinely human story. The middle-aged Icelandic woman Loa is seriously mentally ill. Finally it turns out that her husband is a latent alcoholic who submits to his addiction whenever Loa leaves him. When she is at home, she is living a normal life and taking care of her children. Sometimes she cannot stand it any longer and just runs away. During one such tour she was eventually found in England. During the tour of the present movie she has ended up in a mental hospital in France, without identification papers and apparently being mute. The young psychiatrist Cora is in charge of her and applies unorthodox methods. She is the only one who suspected that Loa might not be French. Interpol soon identified Loa and on Cora's day off she was sent home. Cora immediately flows to Iceland, where everyone including Loa's husband thinks she is a tourist wanting to see the volcano. Loa is prepared to follow Cora back to the French hospital. Unfortunately, the local doctor happens to see them on their way to the boat. He knows nothing of psychiatry and prevents what he perceives as 'criminal kidnapping'. The movie ends with a complete failure for both Loa and Cora. Max Scharnberg, Stockholm, Sweden It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Dreamlife of Angels (1998)Summaries The lives of two dissimilar girls turned out in different ways. In Lille, two penniless young women with few prospects become friends. Isa moves in with Marie, who's flat-sitting for a mother and child in hospital in comas following a car crash. Isa is out-going, unskilled, with hopes of moving south to warmer climes. Marie usually is either angry or detached. Then, while Isa begins to visit the child in whose flat they live, going to hospital to read to her, Marie slowly falls for a rich youth. At first Marie keeps him at bay, then she not only pursues him, she begins to dream he is her life's love. When Isa tries to warn Marie, their friendship flounders. How will Marie handle the inevitable? And once they lose the flat, where will they go? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Wild Reeds (1994)321) The fates of two homosexual partners are divided. A village in Southern France, 1962. The Algerian war is coming to an end. Teenagers Mate and Franois are friends. Franois realizes he has feelings for his classmate Serge, who is instead attracted to Mate - but Mate is more interested in politics than in Serge. Her views are opposed to those of Henri, another classmate of the boys. The four of them entangle in a game of tensions and emotions. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in southwest France in the year 1962, the film is a coming of age story of three young people Franois Forestier (Gal Morel), Mat Alvarez (lodie Bouchez) and Serge Bartolo (Stphane Rideau). Franois is a shy young man from a lower middle class background, working for his baccalaureate (high school diploma) at a boarding school. He is a close friend of Mat, whose mother Madame Alvarez (Michle Moretti) is a French teacher at his school. He spends most of his time talking about movies and literature with Mat. Mme Alvarez and Mat are communists. The film begins with Franois and Mat attending the wedding of Pierre Bartolo (Eric Kreikenmayer) a former student of Mme Alvarez. There they meet Serge who is the groom's brother and is a classmate of Franois. Franois considers him a bit dumb. Serge's family is originally from Italy. At the wedding party, Pierre asks Mme Alvarez to help him get out of the army which is fighting in Algeria but she refuses. Later in one of the French classes we get introduced to an Algerian born French exile Henri Mariani (Frdric Gorny). Henri is older than his classmates because he had flunked 3 times at a private school where he was studying before. He is obsessed with events in Algeria and supports the OAS, which opposes Algerian independence and defends the rights of French settlers there. One night Serge joins Franois in the dormitory to chat. They end up having a sexual encounter. They also agree to help each other in their respective strong subjects of French and Mathematics so that they both can get their baccalaureate. Franois discovers his homosexuality and develops a deep attraction for Serge and confides this discovery to Mat. She accepts this news and tells him that she doesn't care what he does with others because their friendship counts for so much more. Later we see Franois and Henri in a conversation in which they talk about their fears and how Henri had once tried to kill himself after his father had died. Pierre dies while serving in the army in Algeria, and Mat's mother suffers a nervous breakdown, having previously refused to help Pierre desert. After the funeral Mat goes up to Serge to console him, when he decides to go for a swim. While in the water he confesses that he is attracted to Mat. Mat is flattered but says that she is interested in no one at the moment and what she would really like is to be 10 years older so that she can have a life of her own. Later in the dormitory, Serge tells Franois that he blames Henri for the death of his brother. During the conversation Henri comes to them and Serge and Henri get into a fight. In trying to break the fight, Franois gets injured. Henri later tells Franois that he only bothered them because he thought that Serge, like him, understands war now that he has lost a loved one. He also bluntly tells Franois to own up to his homosexuality. Subsequently Franois meets Mat where he praises Henri which disgusts Mat. She says that he is only praising Henri because he wants to sleep with Henri. Franois agrees and says that he is cursed by wanting to sleep with any boy that he is attracted to. Mat tells him that he will soon grow out of this phase like Monsieur Cassagne (Michel Ruhl) who is a shoe store owner and now lives with his long term partner. To replace Mme Alvarez, Monsieur Morelli (Jacques Nolot) teaches the French class where they have a recitation of "The Oak and the Reed", one of Aesop's Fables. At the end of the class he offers to help Henri in his studies. Henri initially refuses but later comes to the extra classes that Monsieur Morelli had offered. When Serge stops coming to school, Franois goes to meet him at his residence. He tells Franois that he had a sexual encounter with his brother's widow Irne (Nathalie Vignes) and now is thinking of marrying her even though he doesn't really love her. Later they go to Toulouse where Serge gets completely drunk. Later, after one of the leaders of O.A.S. is given life imprisonment, Henri disillusioned with his present life decides to quit school. While walking to the train station he comes across a communist party pamphlet on which the address of the local headquarters of the communist party is given. He goes to the location with the intention of burning it down but sees Mat there studying. Though having opposite political views, Mat invites him for a cup of coffee during which they read one of Henri's mother's letters which Henri has not read yet. He later confesses to her about his intention to burn down the building but couldn't proceed after seeing her. She asks him to get out. Later we find that Henri was expelled by the school board during a conversation between Mme Alvarez and Mon. Morelli. While waiting for their exam results Franois, Mat and Serge decide to go for a swim. While Mat goes to a shop to buy a bathing suit, Franois goes to Monsieur Cassagne's shoe store to ask him for advice on his love life. Monsieur Cassagne nervously says that he cannot help him as he has forgotten what happened to him during his youth. Meanwhile Serge accuses Mat of never staying alone with him to which Mat replies that she is scared of him because he would ask for physical intimacy which she cannot give. Later they are joined by Henri who has stayed back at a hotel and is to catch a train in the evening. At the river, Franois and Serge get into the water and swim. Mat decides not to go because she now does not like the bathing suit. So Franois and Serge leave Mat and Henri behind. Henri later confesses to Mat that he is attracted to her and the real reason he hasn't left is that he wanted to see her once more. Mat tells him that the feeling is mutual and they later make love. Meanwhile Franois asks Serge if they would be sexually involved ever again to which Serge replies that their earlier sexual encounter was for him just done out of curiosity and it was best if they forget all of it. After their lovemaking, Mat asks Henri to leave saying that even though they love each other that was no reason to stay together. She later joins Franois and Serge as they make their way back to the school. 
 CQ (2001)Summaries A young filmmaker in 1960s Paris juggles directing a cheesy sci-fi debacle, directing his own personal art film, coping with his crumbling relationship with his girlfriend, and realizing that he's infatuated with the sci-fi film's starlet. In 1969 Paris, the filming of a sci-fi movie set in the distant year 2001 is in trouble. The director's obsession with the actress who plays the sexy secret agent Dragonfly has clouded his judgment and the film has no ending. A young American, in Paris to document his life on film with total honesty, is brought in to finish the movie with a bang. This proves to be difficult when the line between his fantasy life and reality becomes blurred, and he finds himself seduced by Dragonfly's charms. Kimberly In 1969, American Paul Ballard is a film editor living in Paris with his French flight-attendant girlfriend Marlene, and an aspiring filmmaker filming his and Marlene's day-to-day interactions to get a better grip on himself and their hot/cold relationship, despite Marlene's opinion that the film is self-indulgent and worth no-one's time. The latest film on which Paul has been hired as editor and on which he is also second-unit director is an English-language futuristic sex-kitten action-adventure film set in Paris in the year 2001. It is helmed by famed French director Andrezej who discovered the film's leading actress Valentine, who plays the title character Dragonfly. With the majority of filming complete but the film yet without an ending, the movie's producer, Enzo di Martini, fires Andrezej as he is unhappy with Andrezej's vision. Through a few iterations of directors, including wunderkind Felix DeMarco, Paul is eventually hired to complete the direction of the movie including coming up with an ending to the story. Through the process, Paul becomes infatuated with Valentine himself. Paul's two films might change the direction of both his professional and personal lives. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 