nm0005406:

 The Butterfly Effect (2004)431) Evan Treborn suffers blackouts during significant events of his life. As he grows up, he finds a way to remember these lost memories and a supernatural way to alter his life by reading his journal. As a child, Evan Treborn was afflicted with blackouts where he would be in one place one minute and then another the next, remembering absolutely nothing in-between. Now all grown up and in college, he decides to read from an old journal he wrote to remember stuff that might have happened in the in-between, and suddenly finds himself back at a certain point in his life. He realizes that those blackouts he had were actually empty spaces of time he had to fill up later in life. Attempting to use this ability to undo unpleasant past events, Evan starts to find that every time he goes back and tries to fix things, he ends up making everything worse. How can he prevent more tragedies from happening and save the one girl he ever loved, Kayleigh (Amy Smart)? Lenny at 13 Evan Treborn grows up in a small town with his single, working mother and his friends. He suffers from memory blackouts where he suddenly finds himself somewhere else, confused. Evan's friends and mother hardly believe him, thinking he makes it up just to get out of trouble. As Evan grows up he has fewer of these blackouts until he seems to have recovered. Since the age of seven he has written a diary of his blackout moments so he can remember what happens. One day at college he starts to read one of his old diaries, and suddenly a flashback hits him like a brick! Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 1998, Evan Treborn (Ashton Kutcher), who suffered severe sexual abuse and traumas as a boy (played by Logan Lerman) and a teenager (played by John Patrick Amedori), blacks out frequently, often at moments of high stress. While entertaining a girl in his dorm room, he finds that when he reads from his adolescent journals, he travels back in time, and he is able to "redo" parts of his past, thereby causing the blackouts he experienced as a child. There are consequences to his choices, however, that then propagate back to his present life: his alternate futures vary from college student, to prisoner, to amputee. His efforts are driven by the desire to undo the most unpleasant events of his childhood which coincide with his mysterious blackouts, including saving his childhood sweetheart Kayleigh (Amy Smart) from being molested by her father (Eric Stoltz) and tormented by her sadistic brother (William Lee Scott). The actions he takes, and those he enables others to take during his blackouts, change the timeline in the new future where he awakes. As he continues to do this he realizes that even though his intentions are good his actions have unforeseen consequences. Moreover, the assimilation of dozens of years' worth of new memories from the alternate timelines causes him brain damage and severe nosebleeds. Ultimately, he decides that his attempts to alter the past end up only harming those he cares about. But Evan realizes that the main cause of everyone's suffering in all the different timelines is himself. At the conclusion of the film, Evan purposely travels back in time one final time to the first day he met Kayleigh. By scaring her away, he makes sure that she is never a part of his life, and thus finally succeeds in saving her life. He then destroys all of his journals and memories so that he is not ever tempted again to make any more changes. The film ends eight years in the future with Evan leaving an office building in Manhattan and passing Kayleigh on a crowded sidewalk. They alternately pause and turn after spotting and passing each other. After a moment of hesitation, Evan lets her walk away without speaking to her. 
 October Sky (1999)651) The true story of Homer Hickam, a coal miner's son who was inspired by the first Sputnik launch to take up rocketry against his father's wishes. In a 1950's mining town called Coalwood, Homer Hickam is a kid with only one future in sight, to work in the local coal mine like his father. However in October 1957, everything changes when the first artificial satellite, Sputnik goes into orbit. With that event, Homer becomes inspired to learn how to build rockets. With his friends and the local nerd, Homer sets to do just that by trial and a lot of error. Unfortunately, most of the town and especially Homer's father thinks that they are wasting their time. Only one teacher in the high school understands their efforts and lets them know that they could become contenders in the national science fair with college scholarships being the prize. Now the gang must learn to perfect their craft and overcome the many problems facing them as they shoot for the stars. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> It is October 1957 and the USSR has launched Sputnik 1, the first satellite. In a small town in West Virginia a 17-year-old boy, Homer Hickam, is fascinated by this development and is determined to build and launch his own rocket. He enlists the help of three friends in his endeavour. However, coal mining is all that people know in those parts and they will face stiff opposition, most of all from Homer's own father, the manager of the local mine. grantss Based on fact, this is the story of a teenager named Homer Hickam, growing up in a coal town in West Virginia where a boy's usual destiny was to "end up in the mines." But Homer had his eye on the sky and a love for flying rockets... to the dismay of his mine-foreman father, and the consternation of the townsfolk generally. A misfit for sure, he and three of his equally outcast buddies begin making rockets, which they fly from a patch of barren land eight miles out of town... so as to no longer terrorize the community with their oft-times errant rockets. However, the people become intrigued and soon start coming out in droves to watch the 'Rocketboys' send off their homemade missiles, and with the enthusiastic support of Miss Riley, their teacher, plus a signed picture from Wernher von Braun in response to a question Homer had written him, they finally are entered in the National Science Awards competition. But none of this was all that easy, especially for Homer, as problems much more dire than flying rockets seemed to push the young man toward maturity, as well as to his eventual destiny... as an instructor of our shuttle mission astronauts. BOB STEBBINS <stebinsbob@aol.com> Homer Hickam is a high school student growing up in a company mining town. There are few prospects for young men like Homer and most follow their father's footsteps and work in the coal mines. He's bright however and with the encouragement of his teacher Miss Riley, hopes to have a better life. This brings him into conflict with his father who feels that working for the mining company is an honorable profession. When the Soviets launch the Sputnik however, Homers dreams of launching a rocket into space so he and his friends set about building a small rocket from whatever materials they can scrounge. Homer's father thinks it's all a waste of time but he perseveres and eventually wins the National Science Fair and manages to go on to college. He and his father reconcile their differences. Based on a true story garykmcd Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film is set in Coalwood, West Virginia in the year 1957. The coal mine is the town's largest employer and almost every man living in the town works in the mines. John Hickam (Chris Cooper), the mine superintendent, loves his job and hopes that his boys, Jim (Scott Miles) and Homer (Jake Gyllenhaal), will one day join him in his mine. When it appears that Jim will receive a football scholarship to attend college, this leaves Homer to fulfill his father's dream, although his mother, Elsie (Natalie Canerday), hopes for more for her son. In October, news of the Soviet Union's rocket launch of Sputnik 1 reaches Coalwood. As the townspeople gather outside the night of the broadcast, they see the satellite orbit across the sky. Filled with awe and a belief that this may be his chance out of Coalwood, Homer sets out to build rockets of his own and enter the science fair. Initially, his family and later his classmates think he has gone crazy and is wasting his time, especially when he teams up with Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen), the school's math geek who also has an interest in rocket engineering. With the help of his friends, Roy Lee Cooke (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), and support from their science teacher, Miss Riley (Laura Dern), the four try out their new passion. While their first launches are failures, they begin experimenting with new fuels and rocket designs. After several successful launches, the local paper runs a story about them. The next day, they are arrested accused of having started a forest fire with a rocket that had gone astray. After John picks up Homer from the police station, Roy Lee is seen getting beat up by his stepfather, Vernon. John intervenes and rescues Roy Lee, warning the drunken man that, even though Roy Lee's father is dead, he will fight for Roy Lee as Roy Lee's father would have. In a rare display of emotion, he tells Roy Lee that Roy's father was one of the best men who ever worked for him. The arrests, along with John's lack of support, crushes the boys' dream and they abandon rocketry. After a mine disaster, John is injured while rescuing "... a dozen men [who] would have died...", though one other miner does die (Ike Bykovski). Homer drops out of high school and works the mine to provide for the family while his dad recovers. Later, Homer is inspired to look at a rocket science book Miss Riley gave him, and learns how to calculate the trajectory of a rocket. This reveals that an unrecovered rocket launched by the boys could not have caused the fire, as it was unable to travel that far. Homer and Quentin calculate the precise distance of the missing rocket and find it in a stream. The boys present their findings to Miss Riley and the school principal, Mr. Turner (Chris Ellis). Chagrined at the police, Turner identifies the offending projectile as a flare from a nearby airfield. Homer returns to school, the boys return to rocket making, and soon win a school science fair. The school decides to send Homer to the national science fair in Indianapolis, Indiana. That night, John is almost shot by a man in a black car outside. John, with Homer and Jim in tow, exits the house to see who fired. John shouts "Vernon!" realizing this was apparently revenge for the threats John gave Roy Lee's stepfather earlier. Homer and Jim express their concern about this to their father, but John passes it over, bitterly telling Homer to go "look for his suitcase" (Homer had been doing so prior to the shooting). Fed up, Homer confronts his father and a heated argument ensues. Homer storms out of the house, vowing to never return or look back. At the national science fair, Homer's display is received very well. Overnight, someone steals his de Laval nozzle, as well as his autographed picture of Wernher von Braun. Homer makes an urgent phone call home for help. Elsie implores John to end the ongoing strike so that Mr. Bolden can use the mine's machine shop to build a replacement nozzle. John initially refuses but relents when Elsie, fed up with his lack of support for their son, threatens that she will have to leave him. With the support of the town, Homer wins the top prize and is besieged with scholarship offers from colleges. He is also congratulated by his inspiration Dr. von Braun, but in the confusion does not realize the engineer's identity until after he is gone. Homer returns to Coalwood as a hero, and visits Miss Riley, who is now ill with Hodgkin's disease. He shows her the medal he has won, and she responds touchingly. A launch of their largest rocket yet (called the Miss Riley) is the last scene of the film. (In the reality of which this scene is emblematic, the rocket boys' most successful rocket reached an impressive altitude of 30,000 feet (9,100 m) higher than the summit of Mount Everest.) John finally shows up for a launch, and is given the honor of pushing the firing button. As the rocket streams upward, the film shows the view from the perspectives of many characters. As the group looks up to the rocket, John slowly puts his hand on Homer's shoulder and smiles. A series of vignettes (including footage of a Space Shuttle launch and home movie footage of the characters in the 1950s) reveal the outcome of the main characters' lives. 
 Gone in 60 Seconds (2000)761) A retired master car thief must come back to the industry and steal fifty cars with his crew in one night to save his brother's life. In exchange for his little brother's life, the reformed car thief, Randall "Memphis" Raines, has to do the impossible: in less than three days, he has to steal not one, but fifty exotic supercars for the ruthless crime lord, Ray Calitri. To stand a chance of pulling off this intricate and time-sensitive grand theft auto, once more, Memphis has to rely on his old gang--his knowledgeable mentor, Otto; the old friends, Sphinx and Donny; his reluctant ex-girlfriend, Sway, and a band of tech-savvy young thieves--however, the police are already onto them. Now, fast Lamborghinis, precious Ferraris, luxurious Porsches, and Eleanor--a rare Ford Shelby Mustang GT500--are just some of the cars in Raines' long list. Can Memphis execute the perfect car heist? Nick Riganas Car theft in Long Beach went down 47% when Randall "Memphis" Raines walked away from the life. He gets dragged back into it by assuming the job his brother Kip screwed up for stolen-car broker Raymond Calitri: steal 50 exotic cars and have them on a container ship by 8 AM Friday morning, and he got this news on a Monday. With Calitri threatening to kill him and Kip, and the police GRAB unit breathing down his neck, Memphis reassembles his old crew and attempts to pull off the logistically impossible. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> Memphis Raines must return to the world of auto theft after his brother breaches a contract with a Russian crime lord to deliver high end cars. Memphis must get a gang together for a one night 'boost' to grab all the cars while avoiding apprehension by the auto theft cop who trailed him years before. FMJ_Joker Kip Raines, a young car thief, was contracted to steal 50 specific cars but something went wrong. Now the man who hired him, Raymond Calitri, wants his head. When his brother, Memphis, once a great car thief, who retired a few years ago, learns of this, he comes back to town to see if he can help his brother. The only thing that will appease Calitri is if the order is fulfilled. So Memphis has to assemble his old crew, and he has to do the job in a few days. And a cop who hounded him, upon learning of his return, is keeping an eye on him. And another car thief, whom he competed with before wants to get the Calitri job, and is telling Memphis to back off, but he won't. rcs0411@yahoo.com Legendary car thief/booster Randall "Memphis" Raines retired from the criminal life in 1994. Now six years later after Auto Theft in the greater Los Angeles/Long Beach district went down by 47%, his brother, Kip Raines takes over "the job", employed by British car broker Raymond Calitri. When one night Kip messes up stealing some cars, Memphis gets called back to the life he got out of. His most impossible mission: Steal 50 exotic cars all over Los Angeles and Long Beach in just one night and deliver them to Long Beach Harbor, Pier 14 by 8:00am, Friday morning, on the button, or never see his brother again. And so Memphis and Kip, with the help of longtime friend Otto Halliwell reassembles his old crew which includes sexy Sara "Sway" Wayland", a renegade white-haired mechanic by day, bartender by night, to pull off the biggest mission ever. The only problem is the LAPD G.R.A.B. (Governor's Regional Auto-Theft Bureau). It's on the lookout and Det. Roland Castlebeck and his partner, Det. Drycoff are keeping close eyes on Memphis and his team. Can the team pull this assignment off and collect $200,000 in cash? Will Kip finally realize that car boosting is dangerous? And can Memphis escape Castlebeck and the cops? It's a long shot and it's going to be one hell of a long night, but they may have a chance. Cut to the chase. Christopher Howell (Ckh87520@aol.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Randall "Memphis" Raines, a notorious Los Angeles car thief, has left his life of crime behind him and gone straight, teaching Go-Kart Racing for kids in Central California. His younger brother, Kip Raines, has nevertheless followed in his footsteps and is in the midst of stealing 50 high-end cars for a British gangster, Raymond Calitri. One night after stealing a Porsche, Kip spies a beautiful woman in the passenger seat of another car, and to impress her, challenges her date to a race. This chase attracts the attention of the police, who follow Kip to the warehouse where the stolen cars are being stored. Kip and his gang flee from the police in time, but the boost is ruined, the cars are impounded and Calitri is infuriated. Calitri kidnaps Kip. Atley Jackson, Memphis' long-time friend, takes him to see Calitri, who threatens to kill Kip and Memphis if they don't steal the required 50 cars in three days, when they are due on a ship headed to South America. With no choice but to steal the cars, Memphis gathers a rag-tag crew of car thieves including Atley, autobody shop owner Otto Halliwell, DMV employee Donny Astricky, a mute mortician known as The Sphinx, and Memphis' ex-girlfriend, mechanic/bartender Sara "Sway" Wayland. Kip insists on helping with his young crew members Tumbler, Mirror Man, Freb, and Toby. They use Otto's shop as headquarters for the heist, and Toby hacks the DMV database to locate the cars on the list, which are all given female nicknames. The last car on the list, dubbed Eleanor, is a customized 1967 Mustang GT that has repeatedly brought trouble for Memphis. LAPD Detectives Castlebeck and Drycoff of the Governor's Regional Auto Theft Bureau investigate the case. At the abandoned warehouse, Castlebeck notices mysterious shattered glass. They hear Memphis is back in town and pay him a visit, but he claims he is merely visiting for a family emergency and will soon be leaving. The detectives remain suspicious. The three Mercedes impounded by the police all require laser-cut keys, which are impossible to clone. Drycoff discovers that all were purchased from a Newport dealer, Dressner Foreign Motors, which has only one ex-con working there, who happens to handle replacing lost keys from the manufacturer in Germany. They confront him and threaten to arrest him for grand theft auto unless he cooperates. He agrees to contact them if the person who paid him for the replacement keys returns, which he does, as they predict. The police set up surveillance on the three Mercedes. While parked in a minivan four doors down, Castlebeck and Drycoff spot the Raines brothers, who just take photos of the Mercedes in the driveway. The Raines brothers are accosted by some gang members who accused Memphis of stealing the job from Calitri. The brothers take shelter in a diner, where members of the California Highway Patrol are eating. Memphis distracts a truck driver while Kip chains his truck to the gang members' chassis. When he drives away, he pulls their car apart and they pull their weapons. The CHiPS run out and arrest the gang members for illegal guns. Freb, eager to prove himself, steals a 1983 Cadillac Eldorado when he spots it in a bad neighborhood with the keys left inside. Unfortunately, it turns out to be a car used by drug dealers and contains heroin in the trunk. Before they can get rid of the car, Castlebeck arrives at Otto's shop. He remarks that the other cars in the shop are classics and questions why anybody would invest money to restore an '83 Eldorado. While calling to check if the car had been reported stolen, Castlebeck notices that the call signs of the police units working that night are written down, indicating when their second heist is happening. Memphis is worried, realizing the police are breathing down their necks. The heist begins smoothly, and one by one, the cars are stolen and driven to the Long Beach Naval Shipyard, where they are immediately hidden in containers to be loaded onto the cargo ship. Castlebeck and Drycoff continue their surveillance on the three Mercedes and return to the parked minivan in the neighborhood, four houses down from the Mercedes. But they are forced to improvise when another minivan parks in the driveway next to them, blocking their view of the Mercedes, and they park their car closer. When Memphis arrives, he stops just before he opens the car door when he realizes the minivan from the photos is now two doors down, not four. Memphis calls Astricky, about to steal another Mercedes from outside the casino, and tells him the Mercedes are under surveillance. The whole deal will be off if they do not have every single car on the list. As they still have the replacement keys from the Mercedes impounded by the police, they decide to steal the cars from the police impound lot. Mirror Man causes a distraction and they successfully steal the three Mercedes. Detectives Castlebeck and Drycoff are told by a coworker from the Homicide Unit to back off Calitri, as he is under investigation for murder. A despondent Castlebeck receives a report from the lab about the shattered glass, identifying it as a black light. He and Drycoff go to the abandoned warehouse with functional black lights and discover the original list of cars. Knowing Memphis' past with Eleanor, Castlebeck realizes that the 1967 Mustang will be last on the list and their best chance for catching him in the act. Defying Memphis' orders not to deviate from the exact plan, Toby follows Kip and Tumbler to a suburban home where they plan to steal a Cadillac Escalade. Toby wanders outside the garage and is spotted by a young woman, who raises the alarm that the car is being stolen. A private security guard pursues them and fires at the SUV, wounding Toby. Atley takes Toby to a shady doctor he knows, who saves his life, no questions asked. Castlebeck and Drycoff arrive just as Memphis is boosting Eleanor, and begin a long pursuit through Long Beach. He manages to evade the police and arrives with a very beat up Eleanor shortly after the deadline of 8 p.m. Calitri refuses to take the car and instead orders his henchmen to kill Memphis, whose life is saved at the last minute by Kip and Atley. Memphis goes after Calitri and pursues him in a large warehouse at the Navy Yard, where Castlebeck and Drycoff join the pursuit, guns drawn. When Calitri corners Castlebeck and is about to kill him, Memphis arrives and saves Castlebeck's life by kicking Calitri, who falls over the railing several stories to his death. In gratitude, Castlebeck allows Memphis to leave, but first Memphis tells him where he can find the 49 boosted cars in the yard. Later, the gang gathers to celebrate with a barbecue at Otto's shop, where Kip presents Memphis with an old, rusted out "Eleanor" awaiting to be refurbished. 
 Identity (2003)651) Stranded at a desolate Nevada motel during a nasty rain storm, ten strangers become acquainted with each other when they realize that they're being killed off one by one. Malcolm Rivers has been convicted as the perpetrator of several murders and is sentenced to death. An 11th-hour defense by his lawyers and psychiatrist that Malcolm is insane based on new evidence has resulted in them meeting with the prosecutors and the judge to discuss whether the verdict should be overturned. Meanwhile, on a dark night during a torrential rainstorm in the Nevada desert, a series of chain-reaction events results in several people needing to stay at an out-of-the-way motel managed by Larry. They are: ex-cop, now limo driver Ed and his client Caroline, a diva of a once-famous actress; quiet adolescent Timmy, his stepfather George, and his mother Alice, who was seriously injured when Ed accidentally ran over her as she watched George change their flat tire; prostitute Paris, who was the unwitting cause of George's flat tire; newlyweds Lou and Ginny, whose marriage is based on a lie; and Police Officer Rhodes, who was en route escorting prisoner Robert to his new institution. None can leave because of washed-out roads, all the other businesses around the motel are closed because of the storm, and all communication in and out is not functioning also because of the storm. One by one, they are murdered, the murderer leaving a calling card of a motel room key, starting with the room 10 key and working his way presumably to the room 1 key when the last person will be dead. Those still alive band somewhat together under Officer Rhodes and Ed's direction to find out which of the 11 is the murderer, and if, based on one of their theories, that they were brought to the motel by some force by the murderer as his intended targets. Whether those still alive can discover who the murderer is, discover why he has chosen to kill them, and be able to subdue him may well determine Malcolm's fate. Huggo 10 strangers are brought together during a weather emergency, only to discover a far greater danger awaits them in this suspense-drama. A sudden rainstorm in a remote desert town strands a disparate variety of people at a rundown motel. A convict sentenced to death, Malcolm Rivers (Pruitt Taylor Vince), is stuck in transit with his lawyer (Alfred Molina). Ginny and Lou (Clea DuVall and William Lee Scott) are a not-especially-happy pair of young marrieds on their honeymoon. Ed (John Cusack) is a bright and resourceful chauffeur working for actress Caroline Suzanne (Rebecca De Mornay). George York (John C. McGinley) is a concerned husband trying to find help for his wife (Leila Kenzle, who was struck by Caroline's limo. Paris (Amanda Peet) is a prostitute who wants a better life. And Rhodes (Ray Liotta) is a police detective who has in his custody Robert Maine (Jake Busey), a dangerous and deranged criminal. As the rain pours down and motel manager Larry (John Hawkes) tries to care for his customers, one by one the unexpected guests begin losing their lives at the hands of a murderer. As the body count mounts, the stranded travelers struggle to find out who the killer is; however, they also learn each of them has a secret, and that their arrival at the motel wasn't a matter of mere chance. A storm breaks out in the Nevada desert and 10 people seek refuge in a motel. At the same time, a serial killer under the care of psychiatrist Doctor Mallick, who has just found the killer's journal, awaits execution for murdering a group of motel guests. When the travelers realize they are being killed off one by one, limo driver Ed Dakota vows to reveal the murderer's identity. Strangers from all different walks of life--a limo driver escorting a fading television star, parents of a young son whose marriage is in crisis, a cop transporting a dangerous convict, a beautiful call girl, a young newlywed couple, and a nervous motel manager--are caught in a severe rainstorm and stuck at a motel in desolate Nevada. Soon they realize they may be at the motel for another reason when, one by one, they start getting killed off. As tensions flare and fingers are pointed, they must get to the bottom of why they're there. Meanwhile in an undisclosed location, a psychiatrist is trying to prove the innocence of a man accused of murder in an 11th-hour trial. How these two plotlines are related can only be found in Identity. mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Malcolm Rivers (Pruitt Taylor Vince) is a psychotic killer awaiting execution for several vicious murders. His psychiatrist, Doctor Malick (Alfred Molina), has discovered a journal belonging to Rivers that may explain why he really committed the murders. With this late evidence brought forth, a new hearing takes place on a stormy night in which Malick will try to persuade the Judge to spare Rivers. Meanwhile, a group of ten strangers, through a number of circumstances, find themselves stranded in the middle of a storm in a remote motel in the Nevada desert. With the phone lines down due to the storm, the group prepare to spend the night, taking care of those that have been injured through their arrival. However, the group quickly finds that there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests and leaving behind one of the motel's room keys to be found, starting with Room 10's key and counting down. Back at the hearing, the contents of Malcolm's journal are revealed, indicating the prisoner suffers from an extreme case of Dissociative Identity Disorder, harboring ten distinct personalities. Malick is able to bring forth one of Malcolm's personalities, Ed (John Cusack), revealing that events at the motel are occurring inside Malcolm's mind, each personality being a distinct person though all sharing the same birth date. After hearing of events in the motel, Malick informs the Ed personality that he must find and eliminate the hostile personality in order to prevent Malcolm from being executed lest all the personalities be killed off. In the motel setting, as the group is dwindled down, Ed believes that the personality of Rhodes (Ray Liotta) is the murderer, and sacrifices himself to kill Rhodes, leaving only Paris (Amanda Peet) alive. When Malick demonstrates that that homicidal personality is dead, the judge decides to place Malcolm in a mental institution under Malick's care. As Malcolm is driven along with Malick to the institution, in Malcolm's mind, Paris has driven away from the motel to her hometown in Florida. As she tends an orange grove, she discovers the Room 1 motel key in the ground, and turns around to find the young boy Timmy standing behind her. Timmy, the true homicidal personality, had orchestrated all the deaths at the motel, and made it appear that he had been killed as well; he finishes his task by killing Paris, reciting Hughes Mearns's Antigonish. Now driven only by his last personality of Timmy, Malcolm strangles Malick, and the transport van runs off the side of the road. 