nm0008713:

 Adaalat (20102016)Summaries Lawyer K.D. Pathak takes up the challenge of defending the accused by personally investigating the crime. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tenali Rama (20172020)Summaries The story of the legendary poet in Emperor Krishnadevraya's court who uses his timely wit and intelligence to solve even the trickiest problems and becomes very popular in the King's court. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kesari Nandan (2019)Summaries The story about struggle of a girl to become a wrestler and relationship with her father. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gulaal (2009)Summaries A law student witnesses deception, homicide, and crime after being elected as General Secretary of his college. Bikaner-based 28-year-old Dilip Kumar Singh is enrolled in a Rajpur-based Law college, and rents a room with an unstable male, Rananjay Singh. His attempts to re-locate to a hostel, pits him against a group of men, led by Jadhwal, who not only assault, but also molest him, and then lock him in a dark room with a naked and abused female, Anuja. He recuperates in a hospital and joins hands with Rananjay and Dukey Bana to avenge this humiliation, as well as befriends Anuja, who is a Lecturer in the college. He also decides to support Rananjay, who is legitimate son of a former Raja, to run for college elections - and it is this decision that will shatter and change his life forever. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 