nm0005458:

 Crank (2006)431) Professional assassin Chev Chelios learns his rival has injected him with a poison that will kill him if his heart rate drops. Poisoned by the potent and deadly mix of synthetic drugs called "The Beijing Cocktail" for getting in the way of the Triads, the tough-as-nails British hitman living in Los Angeles, Chev Chelios, wakes up with a terrible headache. With less than an hour to live, Chev will have to use all the help he can get from his doctor, and use every trick in the book, to consistently keep his heart rate up so that the adrenaline in his bloodstream staves off the effects of the deadly toxin. Now, his heart is pounding faster than any other human being, and as Chelios darts across the city's streets in search of an antidote and the arrogant criminal, Ricky Verona, to exact his revenge, he finds himself compelled to pick fights with no-nonsense drug dealers, murderous assassins, and an army of thugs. But, can Chelios stay alive long enough to protect those he loves, and make it through the day? Nick Riganas Chev Chelios is a professional assassin working for the West Coast crime syndicate. Chev's girlfriend Eve doesn't know what Chev does and Chev is planning to quit the crime syndicate so he can spend more time with her. But for Chev, things about to get very bad, when he learns he has been injected with a poison by his rival Verona, which will kill him if his heart rate drops. Trying to stay alive and seeking help from friend, Kaylo and Doc Miles, to keep his heart pumping. Chev sets out to find answers as well as protecting Eve, and get his revenge on those who have betrayed him before the poison kills him. Daniel Williamson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The plot revolves around Carlito (Carlos Sanz), who leads a wealthy and influential Mexican-American crime syndicate in Los Angeles. Worried about the encroachment of a group of heavily-armed members of the Chinese mafia, Carlito orders the contract killing of their leader, Don Kim (Keone Young). Carlito's best hitman, a British man called Chev Chelios (Jason Statham), is ordered to do the job. However Carlito underestimated the Chinese and after the hit, the anger of the Chinese is much greater than Carlito expected. Carlito regrets the hit, deeming it "ill-advised", and to ease the pressure Carlito offers the Chinese an explanation and a solution: the hit was nothing to do with him, and Carlito will remove certain elements within his own organization who were responsible and operating on their own. Ricky Verona (Jose Pablo Cantillo), a small time criminal and long-time rival of Chelios, uses the opportunity to conspire with Carlito against Chelios, unknown to Chelios who believes Carlito is still loyal to him. While Chelios sleeps in his apartment one night, Verona breaks in and injects Chelios with the "Beijing Cocktail". This is a synthetic drug which inhibits the flow of adrenaline from the adrenal glands, slowing the heart, and eventually killing the victim. Chelios wakes to find a recorded video explaining that Chelios should only have about an hour left before the poison stops his heart. Chelios phones Doc Miles (Dwight Yoakam) who often works as a personal physician to the Mafia, who informs Chelios that in order to survive and keep his heart beating he must keep his adrenaline pumping through constant excitement and danger, or get some artificial adrenaline, epinephrine. With his own adrenaline keeping the poison at bay at first, Chelios breaks into a hospital and steals numerous drugs, much more than Doc Miles advises him to take and also being "juiced" by hits from a defibrilator. He must keep his adrenaline up through reckless and dangerous acts such as picking fights with other gangsters, stealing things, committing robberies, fighting with police and driving cars through shopping malls. The entire film takes place in a single day. Over the course of the day Chelios sets out to get his revenge on Verona, knowing that he probably will not make it to the end of the day, and attempting to find Verona and his street gang through Chelios' street contact Kaylo (Efren Ramirez), a flamboyant homosexual. Chelios also goes to pick up his girlfriend Eve (Amy Smart) before Verona's thugs get to her. Chelios has sex with Eve in the middle of a busy street in Chinatown while hundreds of people look on, in order to keep his adrenaline up. In the end it is revealed that Chelios spared Don Kim's life and told him to leave LA. Towards the end of the film, Chelios arranges a rooftop meeting with Carlito, Verona and their henchmen, who promise him a fake antidote. Don Kim arrives along with his Triads to assist Chelios, and in a shootout many of Carlito's men are killed. Carlito is killed by an ambitious and treacherous Verona, who then attempts to leave in Carlito's helicopter. The film concludes with Chelios confronting Verona in the helicopter and as they fight the pair fall from the chopper thousands of feet above LA, and mid-flight Chelios breaks Verona's neck. He then calls Eve on his cell phone, apologizing that he will not be coming back to her. Chelios hits a car, bounces off it and lands right in front of the camera. In the last shot it is implied that his adrenaline is indeed still flowing fast; his nostrils flare, he blinks, and two heartbeats are heard. 
 The Meg (2018)541) A group of scientists exploring the Marianas Trench encounter the largest marine predator that has ever existed - the Megalodon. Five years ago, expert sea diver and Naval Captain Jonas Taylor encountered an unknown danger in the unexplored recesses of the Mariana Trench that forced him to abort his mission and abandon half his crew. Though the tragic incident earned him a dismissal from service, what ultimately cost him his career, his marriage and any semblance of honor was his unsupported and incredulous claims of what caused it - an attack on his vessel by a mammoth, 70-foot sea creature, believed to be extinct for more than a million years. But when a submersible lies sunk and disabled at the bottom of the ocean - carrying his ex-wife among the team onboard - he is the one who gets the call. Whether a shot at redemption or a suicide mission, Jonas must confront his fears and risk his own life and the lives of everyone trapped below on a single question: Could the Carcharodon Megalodon - the largest marine predator that ever existed - still be alive - and on the hunt? Warner Brothers Deemed insane for claiming that the failed rescue mission in the Philippine waters was doomed because of a seemingly-extinct predator of epic proportions--the prehistoric, Megalodon--Jonas Taylor, the world's greatest deep-sea rescue diver, finds himself in the vast ocean realm of Mariana Trench, five years later. But, as three scientists of an underwater research facility near Shanghai get trapped inside a crippled submersible attacked by an unknown creature, Jonas will need to work fast to redeem himself. Could the disgraced rescuer's theories about the vicious underwater leviathan be true after all? Nick Riganas A deep-sea submarine is attacked by a Megalodon: a 75-foot living fossil and the largest shark to ever exist. To rescue the crew from this unexpected prehistoric predator, a Chinese oceanographer (Winston Chao) and his daughter (Li Bingbing) enlist the help of a veteran deep-sea rescue diver (Jason Statham). Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, Jonas Taylor (Jason Statham) is a professional diver who tries to rescue a group of divers from a wrecked submarine. Jonas succeeds in getting some of them on board, including Dr. Heller (Robert Taylor), but something starts attacking the sub violently. This forces Jonas to make a difficult decision, against Heller's protest, to abandon the submarine in order to escape certain death. They escape just in time as the unseen force destroys the submarine and disappears. Five years later At Mana One, an underwater research facility off the coast of China. It is operated by a group of scientists spearheaded by Jack Morris (Rainn Wilson) and Dr. Minway Zhang (Winston Chao), and run by Zhang's daughter Suyin (Li Bingbing), remote explorer DJ (Page Kennedy), Jaxx Herd (Ruby Rose) the aforementioned Dr. Haller, Mac (Cliff Curtis), Celeste (Jessica McNamee), Toshi (Masi Oka), and "The Wall" (Olafur Darri Olaffson). They are conducting an experiment near the ocean floor involving bypassing a mysterious hydrogen, using a small submarine piloted by Celeste, Tosh, and "The Wall" and exploring what's beneath. All seems well at first, but the trio is attacked and stranded by something large and fast, causing them to lose contact with Mana One. They later try getting power back up and running, but are attacked again and Celeste is wounded by a screwdriver getting rammed into her stomach. The rest of the crew, after much debate, decide to take Mac's advice and call Jonas in to help rescue their stranded friends due to his experience with rescuing people from such a deep, dangerous area of the ocean. However, Heller is against this as he thinks Jonas went crazy from his traumatic experience five years ago and doesn't believe Jonas' claims that something attacked him and the divers he was trying to rescue. The plan goes ahead regardless. Unfortunately, Jonas has clearly seen better days, as he's seen in a Taiwanese bar drinking regularly and pissing off local boat owners whom he keeps blowing off repairing their boats. Mac and Dr. Zhang meet with Jonas back in his room. Jonas at first tries to weasel out of the situation by offering the two drinks and preemptively rebuking any offers of money. In the end, however, he agrees to come along and help. Meanwhile, Suyin tries to go down and rescue the trapped crew herself in a mini-sub shortly after Jonas arrives. Jonas takes off after her to help, but not before promising Suyin's young daughter Meiying (Shuya Sophia Cai) that he'll bring her mom back safe and sound. Suyin quickly finds the stuck sub and preps to tow them back to the surface when a giant squid attacks her. Before it looks like her sub will be damaged, the squid is quickly killed by the culprit of the previous attack: a 75-foot long prehistoric monster shark called a Megalodon. This shark is the same one Jonas encounter five years back that almost killed him, thus proving his sanity. Jonas briefly lures the shark away with some flairs and has Suyin escape back to the surface. He succeeds in getting Celeste and "The Wall" on board his vehicle. However, the shark comes back for another attack, and Toshi sacrifices himself so the others can escape, stuffing a good-bye letter to his wife that he was writing earlier into "The Wall"'s pocket. The shark rams the downed second sub, killing Toshi, while everyone else gets to safety. Heller later apologizes to Jonas for not believing his claims. The situation isn't over yet, as the sub's destruction has caused a temporary pocket of heat to vent upwards and allow the shark to move to normal ocean waters. While Jonas tries to leave and everyone else talks among themselves, Meiying is playing with an RC ball through the halls but is frightened by the sudden appearance of the shark. The shark tries to bite through the hull but fails and leaves after killing a whale. The group ultimately decides to track and poison the shark to death via a small boat. At first they succeed in tracking it using Jonas to shoot the tracker onto its fin and then reel him back in, just BARELY avoiding getting eaten by the shark. Then Suyin goes down in a plastic tank to poison it while the others lure the shark in with chum. This leads to an intense confrontation where the shark tries to swallow the cage whole with her in it. She succeeds in poison the shark, but her mask breaks, and she nearly drowns. Jonas dives in after her, and they almost get eaten by the shark. Fortunately, the poison kicks in and the shark dies. Jonas gets Suyin back aboard, and they resuscitate her back to life. The crew initially celebrates by taking pictures of "The Wall" with the shark's corpse before he falls into the water due to a prank from DJ. Jonas, however, notices the sharks teeth are smaller than the one from earlier. This is clearly meant to by a smaller, younger Megalodon they killed. Suddenly, the other bigger shark from before arrives, swallowing "The Wall" whole and grabbing the other Meg's corpse off the boat with its teeth! This causes the boat to get capsized, and Dr. Zhang is severely injured in the process. The shark comes back around to try and eat Jaxx, but Heller sacrifices himself by distracting the shark to him instead, and he gets eaten. The surviving crew escape using motorboats and Morris calls in a support helicopter to shoot at the shark, successfully chasing it away. However, Dr. Zhang dies from his wounds in the boat, but not before tearful last words of pride to his daughter. Later that night, Morris tells the crew that they're shutting down Mana One and the authorities in multiple Asian countries have been called to deal with the shark. However, it turns out he's lying through his teeth, and he actually called in some minor military support to try and kill the shark on his own using depth-charges dropped from the helicopter. He goes out on a boat with some others, and it seems to work at first, only for it to turn out they just blew up and killed a whale by accident instead, luring some nearby regular sharks (and later the Meg, who scares them off) to feast on its corpse. Morris gets knocked off the escaping boat and tries to climb up the dead whale, only to be eaten whole by the shark. The crew finds out the shark is heading for a nearby popular beach in China and plans to lure the shark away from the beach with whale noise recordings and then torpedo it to hell with the mini-subs. The shark initially attacks a nearby Chinese wedding party on another boat and seemingly eats the bride's dog Pippin, before briefly terrorizing the locals at the beach. It stops attacking when it hears the whale noises and takes the bait. This leads into a massive chase between Jonas and the shark, as he leads it to Suyin who hits it with a torpedo, but it does nothing. Even worse, is that Jonas' torpedo won't fire. During the fight, a group of news helicopters trying to film the action stupidly crash into each other and the wreckage crashes onto the team's boat, forcing everyone into the water. Suyin goes to help the others, while Jonas, in an attempt to protect everyone, goes head-on with the shark, slicking its underbelly open badly with the sub. He then gets out of the sub once the shark tries mauling it and stabs it through the eye, mortally wounding it. A dozen regular sharks move in to finish it off and eat it alive, ending the threat. With the danger passed, everyone regroups aboard the wedding couple's boat, including Pippin the dog, who turned out to have survived. Jonas and Suyin are presumably now a couple, their romance being hinted at throughout earlier in the movie. The movie ends with everyone celebrating their victory, and the oceans are now safe. 
 Furious 7 (2015)651) Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother. Dominic and his crew thought they'd left the criminal mercenary life behind. They'd defeated international terrorist Owen Shaw and went their separate ways. But now, Shaw's brother, Deckard Shaw, is out killing the crew one by one for revenge. Worse, a Somalian terrorist called Jakarde and a shady government official called "Mr. Nobody" are both competing to steal a computer terrorism program called "God's Eye," that can turn any technological device into a weapon. Torretto must reconvene with his team to stop Shaw and retrieve the God's Eye program while caught in a power struggle between the terrorist and the United States government. ahmetkozan The sins of the past seem to be catching up with Dominic Toretto, Brian O'Conner and his crew, when Deckard Shaw shows up to seek revenge for the travails of his younger brother. When a young unknown hacker who claims to have developed 'God's Eye' is also thrown into the mix, things go haywire, and Toretto and his crew need to save the hacker and also settle their scores with Shaw. PipingHotViews In the five years since the events of Fast and Furious 6, street racer Dominic Toretto, former cop, Brian O'Conner, racer Letty Ortiz, and the crew have lived peaceful years after Owen Shaw's demise. But danger is never far for the crew. Their years of peace are altered when Shaw's mysterious brother, Deckard, starts chaos starting with federal agent, Luke Hobbs, being badly crippled. Then they have another situation: African-American terrorist, Jakende, hunting them. Now Dom and his friends have to find out how to defeat Shaw and Jakarde, or finally face annihilation all in one last ride. Dominic Toretto, Brian O'Conner, and the rest of their team, who have returned to the United States to live normal lives after securing amnesty for their past crimes, until Deckard Shaw, a rogue special forces assassin seeking to avenge his comatose younger brother while a secret government agent offers to help them catch Shaw in exchange for rescuing a computer hacker. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene set in London, England, Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham) stands by his brother Owen's (Luke Evans) bedside as he lays in a coma, badly scarred and crippled after being ejected from the plane (in the last Fast and Furious film). Shaw promises his brother that he will settle the score. He leaves the room and goes out into the rest of the hospital, with bodies everywhere. The building continues to burn and crumble around him. Meanwhile, Dom (Vin DIesel) drives Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) to a racetrack in the California desert where hundreds of people from their neighborhood gather for Race Wars, something that Dom and Letty invented when they were younger. Letty goes up for the race and flies past her opponent as his car breaks down on the track. All the patrons cheer her on after she crosses the finish line, followed by Iggy Azalea showing up out of nowhere to congratulate Letty. The excitement of the others is too overwhelming for Letty, and she takes the car and drives away. Dom later finds her that night at the cemetery, staring at her own tombstone. Dom takes a sledgehammer to smash it, but Letty stops him because she thinks the person she used to be is no longer who she is to Dom, and she doesn't want to hurt him for that. She bids Dom goodbye. Brian (Paul Walker) is adjusting to life as a minivan-driving dad, as his son Jack is now old enough for school. Even his wife Mia (Jordana Brewster), Dom's sister, acknowledges that he has had trouble settling down this way. That evening, Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) continues to do some overnight work while Elena (Elsa Pataky) is getting ready to go out. Hobbs hands her a letter of recommendation that she asked him for. He wishes her luck in her pursuits. Hobbs then sees Shaw in his office hacking into his computer. Hobbs attempts to arrest him as he is gathering the information on the crew that took down his brother. Shaw battles Hobbs through the whole floor, they smash each other through glass walls and coffee tables, while Hobbs manages to get a good chokeslam down on Shaw. Elena returns for back-up as Shaw gets a grenade out. He tosses it towards the detectives, forcing Hobbs to run to Elena as the grenade explodes, sending them both out the window where they land, Hobbs first, on a van. Elena is unharmed. In the office, it is shown that Shaw was looking for Han (Sung Kang). Dom visits Mia at her home as Brian is getting Jack ready for school. Outside their house is a large package. Mia tells Dom that she is having another child, but she hasn't told Brian for fear of how he'd react to more changes. Dom gets a call from Shaw, listening to his message after killing Han (from the end of the previous film). Dom realizes there's trouble, and he grabs Mia as the package explodes massively, destroying the whole house. Jack is safe in the minivan, though his parents rush to him in a panic. Dom follows Elena to Hobbs's hospital room. He tells Dom who Shaw is, including his history in the Special Forces, where he was turned into a human killing machine. Hobbs asks Dom to promise him he will take Shaw down for good. Dom agrees. Meanwhile, Brian sends Mia and their son to hide out in the Dominican Republic until this thing with Shaw is taken care of. He promises Mia that he will return as long as they are safe. Dom flies to Tokyo to bring Han back for a proper burial. He meets with Sean Boswell (Lucas Black), Han's friend (from the third film Fast and Furious 3: Toyko Drift). After the two have their race, Sean gives him the only things they could find from Han's car: a picture of Gisele and a cross necklace. Back in California, the gang gathers for Han's funeral, joined by Tej (Ludacris) and Roman (Tyrese Gibson). Dom spots a car suspiciously driving near the funeral. He follows it, learning it is Shaw. They crash into each other in a tunnel, and they briefly fight until a team of agents comes in, giving Shaw a chance to escape. Their leader, a shadowy agent known only as "Mr. Nobody" (Kurt Russell), brings Dom with him and gathers Brian, Tej, Roman, and finally Letty to work together on a mission. A hacker known only as Ramsey has been captured by a terrorist leader named Mose Jakande (Djimon Hounsou), because he is pursuing something Ramsey helped develop called God's Eye, which is a surveillance system that can spot anybody from anywhere in the world. Using this, Dom can locate Shaw. The guys come up with a plan to infiltrate the bus that is carrying Ramsey, while Dom asks Tej to help him put armor on one car. The plan involves the five dropping from a jet in their cars and carefully land close to their target. Roman gets cold feet, prompting Tej to pull the chute out on him and sucking him out of the plane. The other four land close to the bus and break in. Jakande's men shoot at the team. Brian hops on the bus and fights off the guards. He finds Ramsey... a young woman (Nathalie Emmanuel) in her cell and has her jump off the bus and onto the hood of Dom's car for safety. He then dukes it out with a minion named Kiet (Tony Jaa), who is a tough fighter. In the madness, the driver of the bus is accidentally shot. Kiet locks Brian on the bus as he gets out. The bus slides toward the edge of a cliff. Brian climbs out and manages to run off the bus and onto Letty's car as she arrives in time to grab him. Meanwhile, Dom and Ramsey encounter Shaw, leading them both through the woods. Roman appears and knocks Shaw off the road. However, Jakande and his team find Dom. Before they can get him, he drives his car off a cliff, yet he and Ramsey miraculously survive. The team revives Ramsey, who tells them that she gave God's Eye to a friend of hers in Abu Dhabi. They all travel there and meet this person, Safar (Ali Fazal), who says he sold God's Eye to a prince. The team goes undercover to a party that the prince is throwing. Dom and Brian find that God's Eye is in a car. Letty ends up fighting three guards and the prince's chief bodyguard Kara (Ronda Rousey). Kara alerts the guards that there are intruders, keeping Tej and Ramsey out of their systems. Dom and Brian drive the car out of there before the gates shut the place down. Shaw comes out and tries to shoot at Dom, until he drives out of the building and through the next one. Dom discovers that the brakes are out, forcing him and Brian to jump to the next building. The two jump out of the car and pull God's Eye out before the car slides out and crashes to the ground below. With God's Eye, the team learns that Shaw is hiding out in an abandoned factory outside the city. After tracking him there, they see that he has a lot of back-up from Jakande. The team evades gunfire, when Mr. Nobody gets shot in the chaos. Dom carries him out, and Jakande gets his hands on God's Eye. Mr. Nobody calls for medical assistance, and tells Dom that he will be leaving him. The team knows that it's time to end it with Shaw once and for all. They decide to take the fight back to the streets of their hometown in Los Angeles. Brian calls Mia to tell her he loves her in case he doesn't make it back. Mia tells him that they're having a little girl. Brian then promises to come back to her. Tej and Roman take Ramsey with them while they try and hack God's Eye to prevent Jakande from finding Ramsey. Dom finds Shaw and lures him to a parking lot where they have their final showdown. They have a street fight, dueling with wrenches and pipes. Meanwhile, Jakande, in an armored Stealth Black Hawk helicopter, sends a flying armored drone to find Ramsey. They end up shooting down an electrical tower, which catches Hobbs's attention after watching it on the news. He announces "Daddy's gotta go to work" and breaks off the cast on his arm, and then gears up. Ramsey gets switched under the bridge and goes with Lettty while Brian tries to find a new spot to hack God's Eye. He encounters Kiet again and kills him when he hooks him up to a weight and pushes him down an elevator shaft. The drone chases after Letty and Ramsey, nearly getting them until Hobbs rides in on an ambulance and destroys it by crashing into it with the ambulance off the freeway ramp. Hobbs exits the totaled ambulance, shaken but still alive. They succeed in the hack, and Jakande is furious. He and his men locate Dom and Shaw still fighting on the roof of the parking garage. They shoot a missile at the lot, causing the ground to break beneath Shaw's feet. Dom stomps on the concrete and drops Shaw through the lot. Jakande continues shooting at Dom as he drives away, but Hobbs shoots back. Dom grabs a bag of grenades and drives close enough to stick them onto Jakande's chopper. Hobbs shoots at the bag, destroying the chopper and Jakande. Dom crashes his car and is pulled out by Brian and Letty. Letty begs him to stay alive and says she remembers that they got married in the Dominican Republic. That's where he gave her the cross necklace that Han had. Dom awakens and kisses Letty. Shaw is locked up for good in a maximum security black site prison. He threatens to break out, though Hobbs doubts that it will ever happen. The team watches Brian and Mia play with Jack on the beach. They realize this is where he belongs, and they look at them lovingly. Dom gets up to leave. Ramsey asks if he's gonna say goodbye. Dom says, "It's never goodbye." He drives away, only to get caught up with Brian on the road. They look at each other with a smile. We hear Dom's voice say that they both lived life at a quarter mile, and that's why they're brothers. This is cut between scenes of Brian through the whole series and everything he and Dom have been through. Dom says Brian will always be his brother. The two continue driving until they finally part ways at a fork in the road, with Brian driving into the sunset. The film closes with the text, "For Paul". 
 Spy (2015)541) A desk-bound CIA analyst volunteers to go undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer, and prevent diabolical global disaster. Susan Cooper is an unassuming, deskbound CIA analyst, and the unsung hero behind the Agency's most dangerous missions. But when her partner falls off the grid and another top agent is compromised, she volunteers to go deep undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer, and prevent a global crisis. 20th Century Fox Susan Cooper is a 40-year-old, single, desk-bound CIA employee who remotely assists her partner, field agent Bradley Fine, on a mission. Fine accidentally kills arms dealer Tihomir Boyanov as he sneezes during a confrontation before extracting the location of a suitcase nuke from him. Susan uncovers evidence that Rayna, Boyanov's daughter, has contacted Sergio De Luca, a suspected broker with ties to various terrorist groups, so Fine infiltrates her home. However, Rayna shoots Fine dead, while Susan watches helplessly online, then reveals that she knows the identities of the agency's top agents, including Rick Ford and Karen Walker. Susan, who is almost certainly unknown to Rayna, volunteers to track her (she was a top trainee agent, albeit over ten years ago). When her boss, Elaine Crocker, reluctantly agrees, the ultra macho Ford quits in disgust. With her best friend Nancy providing intelligence, Susan goes to Paris undercover. That night, Ford shows up and tells Susan she will fail because of her inexperience. The next morning, Susan discovers that De Luca's office has burned down. She finds a photo of a man standing next to the fire. Ford appears, argues with Susan again and leaves. Susan sees the man in the photo follow him and switch his backpack with another one containing a bomb while Ford is distracted. Susan warns Ford in time during a Verka Serduchka concert and then pursues the man into an abandoned building. During the ensuing fight, he falls to his death. When she checks the man's video camera, Susan learns that De Luca is going to Rome. Who would have thought that the inconspicuous and desk-bound CIA analyst, Susan Cooper, could be the guardian angel of the bureau's ultra-suave field agent, Bradley Fine? However, when things go awry in Bradley's last mission, it's Susan's turn to go undercover and retrieve information on the Bulgarian arms dealer, Rayna Boyanov, who is bent on starting a nuclear crisis of global proportions. Now, like a fish out of water, Susan must venture into the dangerous world of international espionage, and beat Rayna at her own game. Can the organisation's newest spy manage to save the day? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with Bradley Fine ( Jude Law ) infiltrating a black-tie party, with the guidance of Susan Cooper ( Melissa McCarthy ). He quickly makes it to the head honcho underground ( Raad Rawi ) and holds him at gun-point, who reveals himself as Tihomir Boyanov, the father of Rayna Boyanov ( Rose Byrne ). He is about to sell a nuclear bomb to terrorists. Suddenly Fine's allergies act up and he sneezes as he shoots Boyanov's father in the head. Susan is shocked, but she quickly leads him out as Fine escapes on a boat back to the CIA. It is EXTREMELY OBVIOUS that she has a thing for him. Later, at dinner with Fine, Cooper receives a black box from Fine. She thinks it's a ring only to be shocked as it turns out to be a cupcake necklace. Fine then tells her to look at him closer.... only to find out that she contacted Pink-Eye. The next day, at CIA Headquarters, Head Elaine Crocker ( Allison Janney ) briefs the agents on the mission at hand. Nobody knows where the nuclear bomb is except Rayna Boyanov. She then sends off Fine to Boyanov's residence as Cooper is insulted and sent out by Agent Rick Ford ( Jason Statham ). That night, before the mission, Cooper goes out with her best friend Nancy ( Miranda Hart ) to a bar. She says that she has no idea where she's going in life. She joined the CIA after she quit being a teacher and her husband left her, and she thought things would be better, but she's just the same old boring person she was. Nancy tries to cheer her up by insulting Agent Karen Walker ( Morena Baccarin ), but this backfires when Walker notices them. During the mission, Fine's cameras and tech are acting up at Boyanov's residence. Cooper tells him to back-off, but he goes inside and disarms both guards. Boyanov then suddenly appears and holds him at gun-point. To Cooper's horror, Boyanov shoots Fine in the head and exposes all the agents in the CIA. The funeral for Fine happens, and Crocker decides to carry on the mission despite losing Fine. After confronting Cooper on calling Boyanov a "thundercunt" in the official report, Cooper discovers a list of numbers from Fine's spy-feed before he got killed. The numbers link them to De Luca ( Bobby Cannavale ), a businessman long suspected to be linked to terrorists; and who has an office in Paris. Crocker has no idea who to send (as all the agents' covers were blown), until Cooper volunteers, to the chagrin of Ford. After Crocker announces Cooper as officially on the case, Ford quits. Crocker then calls Cooper in her office and shows her a video from Cooper's training days. Cooper was the top of her class and was considerably aggressive, but placed herself in the job of analyst to the advice of Fine instead of being an agent. Crocker then gives Cooper her first identity and sends her off to gather her gadgets and head to France. Upon touching down in Paris, Cooper is brought, not to a grand hotel, but to a seedy motel. In her room, she is surprised by Ford, who has "gone rogue". After telling her a variety of (exaggerated) stories about his exploits, he tells Cooper to stay out of his way and that she will fail. The next day, Cooper finds out that the office of De Luca was burned down; he knew the CIA was coming. She then spots one of his associates on a photo taken by a bystander, and goes to a cafe where she is startled by Ford; who once again chastises her and walks away. Suddenly, De Luca's henchman appears and follows Ford. Cooper then follows them as an unidentified woman ( Alicia Vela-Bailey ) swaps Ford's backpack with an identical one containing a bomb. Cooper then chases and warns Ford in time for him to throw the bomb into the river without any casualties, but one of De Luca's goons snaps a picture of Cooper - blowing her cover. Cooper chases him to the burned down office and loses him - until he appears behind her and threatens her with a knife. She then takes out her gun and threatens him, at which he laughs - there's no clip - or rather it is lying on the ground beside her!. Cooper, however, successfully fends him off and knocks him off a balcony whereby he is impaled on a stake. A shaken Cooper then faints. Back in her motel room, Cooper, who took the camera, sends the footage to CIA. They then hear De Luca talking about "Renaldo". They figure out that "Renaldo" is the name of a Rolls-Royce car, and that it is presently in Rome. Cooper is then given another identity and flown off to Italy. In Rome, a spy (Peter Serafinowicz) is sent to drive Cooper to intercept "Renaldo". Cooper then spots De Luca going inside the Casino. To go in, she buys herself a nice dress and makes herself up. Inside the casino, Ford once again spots Cooper and insults her, while Cooper tells him to fuck off and that she's got this. Cooper then enters the private casino, and upon getting kicked out, she spots a waiter slip poison in a drink and alerts the customer- who is Reyna Boyanov in the flesh. For her thanks, Reyna forces the waiter to drink the spiked drink- which burns a hole through his throat as Cooper faints in horror. Boyanov then takes Cooper out to dinner as thanks for saving her life. During dinner, Boyanov spots Ford, sends her men to kill him; but Cooper sends out a morse code message to cut the power of the casino. While the power is out, she creates a diversion to let Ford go. Upon waking, Rayna brings "Penny Morgan" to her private plane en-route to Bulgaria, where Cooper is poisoned with her drink and knocked out. Upon waking, Boyanov is confronted by the Pilot (Matt DeVere) at gun-point. Cooper quickly subdues him and the other hostiles, while getting the plane under control on auto-pilot. Boyanov then holds Cooper at gunpoint, saying she knows she is from the CIA. Cooper then lies and makes up a fake name, saying that she's a bodyguard to protect her, and that her father sent her. Boyanov believes her and lets Cooper fly them into Bulgaria. In Budapest, Boyanov's associate, Anton (Bjrn Gustafsson), meets up with her while Cooper, mistakenly believing him to be an assassin, throws her phone at his head and insults him all the way to Boyanov's room at the hotel. Upon being left alone, she turns on her earpiece and makes her way out of the hotel, where Nancy surprises her- she was sent to keep an eye on Cooper. Boyanov then spots them and after Cooper saying that Nancy is an assistant bodyguard, an unknown assailant shoots at them, killing Boyanov's associate. Cooper picks up a pizza delivery scooter and gives chase while Nancy runs with Boyanov. Upon catching up, Cooper is surprised to see that the assailant is none other than Agent Karen Walker (Morena Baccarin). Walker is then suddenly shot in the head by a sniper while Cooper flees. Back at the hotel, Boyanov screams at her two incompetent "bodyguards", and tells them that her client is meeting her that night at a party, and "don't fuck up if you don't want me to shoot a bullet in your heads". They then hire an "additional bodyguard" who is none other than the spy from Rome. At the party, Cooper spots Ford yet again, as well as the woman from Paris. She then follows her as Nancy attacks musical guest star 50 Cent (playing himself) on stage to get arrested and cause a distraction. Cooper follows the woman to a restaurant, where they fight, with Cooper overpowering her and accidentally launching a knife through her hand. As she arrests her under the FBI, someone launches a knife in her heart- Fine (Jude Law), who faked his death and is now with Boyanov. Cooper is tied up and locked up with the spy from Italy. Fine then comes in and tells Cooper that his entire plan was to get close with Boyanov by faking his death, and that he was actually going to stop her. He tells Cooper to hang tight as he leaves, but Cooper has had enough. She gets help and frees herself and the spy from Italy as she drives to the estate of De Luca. De Luca, who doesn't trust Fine, tells Boyanov that the deal is off unless Fine gets killed. Cooper then pops in and gives De Luca a deal- she'll allow the deal to happen if Fine lives. She then confesses about how shitty the CIA was and how she knew that Fine would never be hers. De Luca accepts Cooper's deal. De Luca's customer then arrives and gives him his payment- millions of euros worth of diamonds. Boyanov then leads everyone to where the nuke is - inside "Renaldo" (the Rolls) the whole time. De Luca then suddenly shoots his customer and holds everyone at gunpoint. Ford once again interferes but accidentally knocks himself out. De Luca runs while Cooper shoots and kills every one of his henchmen, with Fine getting shot in the process. Cooper then gives chase to De Luca escaping in his helicopter, with an awakened Ford chasing after them. Cooper catches on his helicopter while Ford grabs her boobs. De Luca tries to shake them off, but only succeeds in dropping Ford and Cooper's shoes. Cooper then swings herself inside the helicopter and throws the diamonds and the nuke in the lake below. An angered De Luca then attempts to kill Cooper, but Nancy, who is now in a helicopter with the help of 50 Cent, shoots him with a sniper rifle and kills him. Cooper then lands the chopper - her first ever mission is complete. Upon landing, Ford congratulates her and drives "off to sea" (which is now a nuke-contaminated lake), the spy from Italy is actually MI6 (and British!) and Fine asks Cooper out on a date. She declines to have a girls night with Nancy, and the two walk away as Cooper gets a new assignment. Shortly before the credits roll, we see Cooper waking up in bed with Ford. She screams in disgust as Ford cuddles her and says, "I know you liked it". 