nm0010409:

 The Family Man (2000)431) A fast-lane investment broker, offered the opportunity to see how the other half lives, wakes up to find that his sports car and girlfriend have become a mini-van and wife. A modern-day Frank Capra story. Jack Campbell, a successful and talented businessman, is happily living his single life. He has everything, or so he thinks. One day he wakes up in a new life where he didn't leave his college girlfriend for a London trip. He's married to Kate, lives in Jersey and has two kids. He, of course, desperately wants his life back for which he has worked 13 years for. He's president of P. K. Lassiter Investment House and not a tire salesman at Big Ed's. He drives a Ferrari and not a mini-van that never starts. And most importantly he doesn't wake up in the morning with kids jumping on the bed. After a bad start, day by day he's more confident in his new life and starts to see what he's been missing. Turns out money's good to have but that's not everything. <speedy33417@yahoo.com> On Christmas Eve, two days before he pulls off a multi-billion-dollar merger, Wall Street hot-shot Jack Campbell gets a phone message from a woman he almost married 13 years before. He also tells a gun-toting street tough that he has everything he needs. The punk laughs. Christmas morning, Jack wakes up next to his old girlfriend, in some sort of parallel universe, in a 12-year marriage. Over the next few weeks, he gets a glimpse of what his life would have been like if he'd married her: a house in Jersey, two children, bowling trophies, a job at his father-in-law's tire store, and a lot of love from his wife Kate. When this Dickensian adventure ends, what will he do? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1987, Jack Campbell (Nicolas Cage) and Kate Reynolds (Tea Leoni) are at the airport saying goodbye as Jack is about to get on a flight to London for a one year internship. Kate tells Jack that she has a bad feeling about him leaving and that she loves him deeply and asks him to stay instead. Jack tells Kate that he loves her too and that one year apart is not gonna change that before getting on the plane. 13 years later, Jack Campbell has become a single, wealthy Wall Street Executive living the high life in New York City. He is in the midst of putting together a very important merger worth about 130 billion dollars and has ordered an emergency meeting on Christmas day to ensure its success, much to the annoyance of some of his staff which Jack addresses by claiming that once the deal is done, they will all be so rich they won't care about having missed Christmas to make it happen. Family clearly has no meaning to him. In his office on Christmas Eve, he is surprised to hear that his former girlfriend, Kate, tried to call him after many years. After reminiscing a bit, he walks into a convenience store where a lottery contestant, Cash, barges in saying that he has a winning ticket worth 238$. The store clerk believes that Cash is lying and refuses to validate the ticket. Cash pulls out a gun and is about to shoot the clerk before Jack steps in and offers to buy the ticket from him for 200$, thus averting disaster. He and Cash settle their business deal outside and Jack assumes Cash needs help both mentally and financially. Cash replies that Jack may be the one who needs help which Jack arrogantly refutes saying he doesn't need anything. Cash leaves, cryptically telling Jack to remember that he brought this on himself. Jack goes back to his penthouse and falls asleep. The next morning, on Christmas Day, Jack wakes up in a suburban New Jersey bedroom with Kate next to him and two children. Shocked and confused, he drives their minivan back to his condo building where the doorman and his closest neighbor don't recognize him and refuse to let him in. He then goes to his office where the doorman doesn't recognize him either. Jack points to a board that usually identifies him as the president of the company but is shocked to find his name is nowhere to be found. Confused, Jack runs out to the street and encounters Cash, who is now driving Jack's Ferrari. Cash explains that Jack is experiencing a glimpse of an alternate universe in order for him to figure out something, although he claims he doesn't know what the glimpse is about and what Jack is supposed to figure out. He then gives him a bicycle bell and leaves him on he sidewalk. Jack goes "home" where he realizes that he is living the life he could have had if he had chosen to stay with Kate instead of choosing his career. He instead has a modest family life, where he is a tire salesman and Kate is a non-profit lawyer. A life the wealthy Jack doesn't understand the value of. Jack struggles to fit into the role of a family man, making many serious blunders such as missing Christmas morning with the family, heavily flirting with a married woman, not knowing how to love his wife and forgetting his wedding anniversary. However, Jack finally catches a break when his young daughter, Annie, sees that he may look like her father but isn't her father and assumes he is an alien who took her father's place for a while. After making him promise not to hurt the family, she starts assisting him with daily routine matters such as changing diapers, where are the schools, where he works and what he usually do every day. He begins to succeed in his life, bonding with his children, falling in love with his wife and working hard at his dull job. When his former boss and mentor, Peter Lassiter, happens by the tire store for a tire change, Jack can't help but comment about the merger his company has just brokered for less than what Jack himself was aiming for. The chairman is impressed by his business savvy and ideas and invites Jack to a meeting with him and the president of the company who turns out to be Alan Mintz, one of Jack's sycophantic employee who now displays an assertiveness he did not have as a subordinate. Jack uses his actual knowledge of both men to prove that he is good at sizing people up and that he could be a good asset to the company. Lassiter offers him the job. While she is impressed by the potential salary and other complimentary luxuries, Kate argues that they are very happy where they are and that they should be thankful for the life they have. She also argues that Jack's new career would either take him away from his children or force them to leave a house and a school they already love. Later, back at home, Jack finds his plane ticket for London from 1987 and finds out he actually took the plane but then came back the next day to be with Kate. Aware of the choice he made back then, Kate tells Jack that if he truly needs to try this investment thing, she will follow him, move the family back into the big city and do what needs to be done just like Jack did for her back then. The next morning, Kate awakens to find Jack outside playing with their daughter, implying Jack has chosen to stay. Annie looks at Jack and finally recognizes that her true father has returned to which Jack replies that he truly loves her. That night, while Jack is looking for rock salt in his garage, Annie rings the bicycle belt which suddenly worries Jack. He then goes to a local store where he finds the store clerk is Cash. Jack demands to stay in this life, but, though sorrowful of Jack's situation, Cash informs him there's nothing he can do. A glimpse is not meant to be permanent. Jack then goes home where he asks Kate to promise him twice that she will always remember him the way he is right now. He then kisses his children goodnight and spends the night watching over his sleeping wife while he, himself, unsuccessfully fights off sleep. Jack awakens the next day back into his penthouse bed to what, he now realizes, is a lonely and unfulfilled life on Christmas day. He goes to work without much motivation to find out his $130 billion deal is at risk and he needs to move fast to save it. Jack offers to sacrifice his own Christmas to save the deal and reassure his team, but deep down, he doesn't care much anymore. Following up on Kate's message to him the previous day, he finds her moving out of a luxury townhouse. Like Jack, she also focused on her career and became a wealthy lawyer. Furthermore, she only called him to give him back some of his old possessions before she moves to Paris. Jack offers to go grab a coffee but she's in a bit of a rush and offers to have that coffee maybe later in Paris one day. Jack goes home with his possessions in which he finds pictures of their younger selves in love. Realizing he is still in love with her, Jack forgoes his very important deal and runs to the airport to intercept Kate before she leaves. He catches her and desperately describes the family they had in the alternate universe and the love they shared in an effort to make her stay. Shocked but intrigued, she agrees to a cup of coffee at the airport, suggesting that they might have a future after all. 
 Mulholland Drive (2001)651) After a car wreck on the winding Mulholland Drive renders a woman amnesiac, she and a perky Hollywood-hopeful search for clues and answers across Los Angeles in a twisting venture beyond dreams and reality. Still untarnished by the false promises of the rapacious film industry, the wide-eyed actress, Betty, sets foot on bustling, sun-kissed Hollywood. Brimming with hope, and eager to spread her wings and prove her worth, Betty moves in Aunt Ruth's expensive apartment, unbeknownst to her, however, that fate has other plans in store for her, setting the stage for life-altering experiences with the unexpected, the indecipherable, and the unknown. Now, in the centre of an elaborate labyrinth of half-truths, faded memories, unrequited loves, and dangerous encounters with the city's ugly face lies a strange key to a mysterious keyhole, an even stranger indigo-blue cube, the young director, Adam, and one cryptic woman: the amnesiac brunette and devilishly seductive car-crash survivor, Rita. But, time flies and Rita's opaque past demands answers. After all, both women deserve the truth. What is the secret of the serpentine, dream-crushing Mulholland Drive? Nick Riganas Successful Hollywood movie director Adam Kesher is facing problems in both his personal and professional life. His wife is openly cheating on him, she kicking him out of their house in the Hollywood hills. For his latest film, he is being threatened to cast the female lead with the actress of "their" choice, that actress who he will only know at the time she auditions, he facing unknown but severe consequences by the unknown forces backing her if he doesn't comply. Meanwhile, wide-eyed Betty Elms has just arrived in Hollywood from her home in Canada to begin an acting career, she staying at her Aunt Ruth's apartment while Aunt Ruth, who also works in the business, is away on a film shoot. Initially believing she a friend of Aunt Ruth's, Betty discovers a young woman in the apartment, she, calling herself Rita, suffering from amnesia and just taking refuge in the empty apartment in seeing Aunt Ruth leave. They come to the belief that Rita has suffered a concussion most likely from a vehicle accident that took place along nearby Mulholland Drive. From what they discover in Rita's purse which precludes them from involving anyone else least of all the police, Betty decides to help Rita discover who she really is. When Betty and Rita stumble across a dead body in following the leads, Adam, Betty and Rita's collective stories begin to merge and take on surreal qualities, however the direction of that surrealism arguably backward and not forward. Huggo A bright-eyed young actress travels to Hollywood, only to be ensnared in a dark conspiracy involving a woman who was nearly murdered, and now has amnesia because of a car crash. Eventually, both women are pulled into a psychotic illusion involving a dangerous blue box, a director named Adam Kesher, and the mysterious night club Silencio. Anonymous After a brutal car accident in Los Angeles, California, Rita is the sole survivor but suffers mass amnesia. Wandering into a strangers apartment downtown, her story strangely intertwines with Betty Elms, a perky young woman in search of stardom. However, Betty is intrigued by Rita's situation and is willing to put aside her dreams to pursue this mystery. The two women soon discover that nothing is as it seems in the city of dreams. TXTard Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Along Mulholland Drive above Los Angeles, an attractive brunette woman ( Laura Harring ) rides in a limousine. Suddenly, the driver stops and orders her out of the car at gunpoint. Before she can exit, a car driven by joy-riding teenagers plows into the limo. The drivers are killed but the woman emerges from the wreck. In a daze, she stumbles down the hillside and into Hollywood. She falls asleep in the bushes in front of a luxury apartment complex from the golden era of Hollywood. The next morning, she sneaks into one of the apartments as its tenant, Ruth Elms (Maya Bond), leaves by taxi with her luggage. Meanwhile, two police detectives ( Brent Briscoe and Robert Forster ) find an earring at the scene of the accident and realize that someone may have survived the crash. They begin their search. At a Winkie's restaurant, Dan ( Patrick Fischler ) tells Herb (Michael Cooke) about a frightening dream he has had involving an evil entity living in the alley behind the restaurant. Herb insists they investigate. As they reach the alley, a crone with blackened skin lurches out at Dan, who collapses. Betty Elms ( Naomi Watts ) arrives in Los Angeles from Deep River, Ontario. At the airport, she explains to an elderly couple she met on her flight that she hopes to make it big as an actress. Her Aunt Ruth is allowing Betty to stay in her apartment while she is away filming in Canada. When Betty arrives at Ruth's apartment building, Coco Lenoix ( Ann Miller ), the friendly landlady, greets her and lets her in. Exploring the apartment, Betty finds the brunette cowering in the shower and assumes the woman is a friend of her aunt's. The unknown woman is dazed and confused and just wants to sleep. She explains that she had a car accident. Inspired by a Gilda (1946) movie poster hanging up in the bathroom, she takes the name Rita but admits she doesn't remember who she really is. Betty and Rita open Rita's purse and find thousands of dollars and a bizarre blue key. They hide these objects in a hat box and decide to solve the mystery of Rita's identity together. Filmmaker Adam Kesher ( Justin Theroux ) is in a meeting downtown with his agent, two producers and the thuggish Castigliane brothers ( Dan Hedaya and Angelo Badalamenti ). The brothers show the filmmakers a headshot for an actress named Camilla Rhodes ( Melissa George ) and order Adam to cast her as the lead in his new film. Adam refuses to let the brothers override his authority as the film's director and angrily leaves the meeting, smashing the brothers' limousine with his golf club before speeding away in his Porsche. He arrives home to find his wife Lorraine (Lori Heuring) in bed with the pool cleaner Gene ( Billy Ray Cyrus ). Adam retaliates by pouring pink paint over all of Lorraine's jewelry. The three tussle and the muscular pool man throws Adam out. Later, some goons sent by the Castiglianes appear at the house, looking for Adam. One of them beats up the wife and the pool man. Meanwhile, Adam hides out in a low rent motel downtown. The proprietor, Cookie ( Geno Silva ), tells Alex that bankers called him to say that Adam was broke, a fact that Adam's assistant Cynthia ( Katharine Towne ) confirms. She also tells Adam that "The Cowboy" (Lafayette Montgomery) wants to meet with him at a corral in Beachwood Canyon. At their meeting, the Cowboy tells Adam he must cast Camilla Rhodes as the lead actress. "You'll see me one more time if you do good, and two more times if you do bad," he warns. In another downtown office, Joe, a hit man ( Mark Pellegrino ), kills an acquaintance in order to confiscate a black address book. Because of his incompetence, he winds up having to kill two other people-- a lady who sells mail order diet aids in the next office (Diane Nelson) and a janitor (Charles Croughwell) whose vacuum cleaner shorts, setting off the fire alarm. Later, at Pink's on Melrose and La Brea, Joe tells a prostitute ( Rena Riffel ) to be on the lookout for a brunette woman who recently went missing and may have ended up on the streets. Betty and Rita go out for coffee at the same Winkie's where Dan and Herb discussed Dan's dream. There they phone the police and learn that there was an accident reported on Mulholland Drive. Rita also reads the name "Diane" on their waitress' name tag and remembers the name "Diane Selwyn." They find an address for a woman with this name in the phone book and make a plan to investigate. One of Coco's tenants, Louise Bonner ( Lee Grant ) wanders up to the apartment where Betty's staying to warn Betty that "someone's in trouble!" Coco tells Betty that Louise is clairvoyant and her warnings are often correct. Coco also advises Betty to put Rita out. Aunt Ruth has arranged an audition for Betty. As Rita runs lines with Betty, the two women can't help but laugh at the bad dialogue. Likewise, everyone at the audition seems like they're just going through the motions, including the over-the-hill romantic lead, Jimmy Katz ( Chad Everett ). Betty suddenly loses herself in the role, giving an electrifying performance that takes Jimmy by surprise and excites the director, Wally Brown ( James Karen ). She does so well that the casting director immediately takes her to see Adam Kesher. They arrive at the sound stage where Adam is auditioning actresses for the lead role in The Sylvia North Story, the part earmarked for Camilla Rhodes. Betty and Adam make eye contact and seem to connect. Adam watches Camilla lip synch to Linda Scott's "I've Told Ev'ry Little Star" and announces halfheartedly that she has the role. Before she can meet Adam, Betty rushes back to the apartment to keep her date with Rita to visit Diane Selwyn's place. Betty and Rita first knock on #12. A woman answers, but it's not Diane, it's a neighbor who tells the women that she switched apartments with Diane, and they can find her in cottage #17. The neighbor wants to accompany Betty and Rita to #17 because she says that Diane "still has some of my stuff," but her phone rings and she goes back into her apartment to answer it. No one answers when Betty and Rita knock on the door of Diane's cottage, but when they slip in through a back window, they find the decomposing corpse of a woman in the bedroom. Distraught, Rita tries cutting off her hair when she and Betty return home, but Betty persuades her to wear a blonde wig instead. That night, Betty invites Rita to share the bed with her rather than sleep on the couch. Rita gets into bed naked and after a few moments, the women find themselves making love. Betty tells Rita that she is in love with her. Later that same night, Rita wakes up next to Betty speaking in Spanish and, despite the late hour, insists that Betty accompany her downtown to Club Silencio. In her blonde wig, Rita looks more like Betty. At the club, Rebekah Del Rio (herself) lip synchs a Spanish version of Roy Orbison's "Crying." Betty and Rita, deeply moved, cry. Betty reaches into her purse and finds a blue box. She and Rita return to the apartment and take the odd blue key out of the hat box. Betty suddenly disappears, leaving Rita to open the box with the key. The box seems to swallow the bedroom, then drops to the floor. Aunt Ruth enters the bedroom looking as if she heard a sound, but it is empty of even the box. In Diane Selwyn's apartment, the Cowboy tells her it is time to wake up. Diane Selwyn (Naomi Watts) wakes up in her bed one morning, apparently from a dream in which she was Betty, to the sound of someone pounding on the door. Donning a grubby bathrobe, she shuffles into the front room to answer it. It's the same neighbor Betty and Rita met, still impatient to collect the rest of her stuff from Diane's apartment. The neighbor gathers up her things and on her way out mentions that "those two detectives came by again, looking for you." At that moment, Diane notices a normal door key, coloured blue, on her coffee table. She then sees Camilla Rhodes (now played by Laura Elena Harring) in the kitchen, and is overjoyed until she realizes it is a hallucination. Diane and Camilla met on the set of a film. Both actresses auditioned for the lead role in The Sylvia North Story, but the role went to Camilla. The two became lovers and Camilla managed to secure small roles for Diane, but she was growing tired of their relationship and broke it off. This devastated Diane. Camilla's open flirtation on set with director Adam Kesher made the pain all the worse. The final humiliation came when Camilla invited Diane to a dinner party at Adam's house on Mulholland Drive. Camilla met Diane at the same spot where the accident occurred in Diane's dream and led her up the hill along a romantic secret pathway to the house. But once inside, Camilla kissed another woman (Melissa George) and announced her engagement to Adam in front of Adam's mother Coco (Anne Miller). Enraged, Diane hired Joe, a hit-man, to kill Camilla. Diane paid Joe the cash and showed him Camilla's headshot at Winkie's, where a waitress named Betty served them and a customer Diane dreamt as Dan watched them arrange the hit. Joe tells Diane that once he has completed the job, he will leave a blue key in her apartment -- the exact key that Diane has now found. At night, behind the restaurant, the creature with the blackened skin fondles a box identical to the one in Diane's dream. With reason to believe that the police are closing in, wracked with guilt, depressed and plagued by bizarre hallucinations, Diane commits suicide, shooting herself in the head and collapsing dead on the bed where Betty and Rita found Diane's corpse in the earlier fantasy. ***** As the film begins, a surreal image of people doing the jitterbug is shown. The sound of a cheering crowd accompanies a ghostly image of a young blonde woman and an old couple, all of whom are smiling (apparently before said crowd). The final image of the blonde woman waving dissolves into a point-of-view shot, with the camera panning over a bed and moving into a pillow. The scene then fades black and switches to a street sign"MULHOLLAND DR."illuminated by headlights. A young, dark-haired woman (played by Laura Harring) is being driven up Mulholland Drive in Los Angeles late at night. She is threatened by two men inside the car with a gun. Before they can kill her, however, their limousine is smashed into by a carload of drag racing teenagers. The nameless, dark-haired woman suffers from a head injury and subsequent amnesia. As the sole survivor of the crash, she wanders down the hillside into L.A., finds refuge behind some bushes, and falls asleep. The next morning she awakes and sneaks into a vacant apartment. A young and perky aspiring actress named Betty Elms (played by Naomi Watts), who has just arrived in Hollywood from Deep River, Ontario, moves in and discovers her in the shower. It is revealed that the apartment, which is part of a complex managed by a feisty older woman named Coco (played by Ann Miller), belongs to Betty's Aunt Ruth, who is away making a movie in Canada. The dark-haired woman sees a poster for the movie Gilda starring Rita Hayworth and decides to call herself "Rita". She tearfully admits to Betty that she has amnesia, and together the two of them try to piece together her identity. While going through Rita's purse for clues, they discover $50,000 in cash and an unusual blue key. Betty (Naomi Watts) arrives in Los Angeles; pictured with Irene (Jeanne Bates)Strange, seemingly unrelated events follow. At Winkie's, a local diner, a man named Dan tells his companion Herb about a recurring nightmare involving a shadowy person living behind the restaurant. When Herb encourages Dan to confront his fear by exploring the rear parking lot, he encounters a terrifying figure and collapses from fright. One subplot involves the efforts of shady film executives to strong-arm a young, arrogant director. The director, Adam Kesher (played by Justin Theroux) finds his latest project stolen by men who appear to be mobsters, who show him a headshot of an unknown blonde actress named Camilla Rhodes (played by Melissa George) and order him to cast her as the film's lead. When Kesher refuses, his life is turned upside down. Returning home, he stumbles upon his wife in bed with the pool cleaner (Billy Ray Cyrus), who beats him up and throws him out of the house. Kesher checks into a seedy hotel, upon which the manager informs him there is trouble with his credit cards. Kesher then receives a call from his female assistant who informs him he is out of money, and that the film's cast and crew have been let go. The assistant also passes on instructions summoning him to meet "the Cowboy" at a ranch just outside of L.A. Kesher, skeptical but compliant, arrives and finds a threatening man dressed as a cowboy. He tells Kesher that he must give the role to Camilla Rhodes to avoid further trouble. At the next casting call, the actress whose headshot he had seen, Camilla Rhodes, arrives and auditions. The casting director asks him if he has something to say, whereupon Kesher obediently declares, "This is the girl." In another subplot, a bungling hit man steals a "black book" of names and addresses, leaving behind three dead bodies. He, along with two police detectives, are all trying to track down the dark-haired woman now known as "Rita". Meanwhile, Betty goes to a Hollywood acting audition and performs brilliantly. She is then taken to a sound stage where she catches a glimpse of Adam Kesher, who has just caved in to the mobsters' demands by hiring Camilla Rhodes for his new picture. Betty abruptly flees from the sound stage to pick up Rita, following a clue to the apartment of a mystery woman named Diane Selwyn. This leads to their discovery of a rotting corpse, which is presumably a murdered Diane. Rita, fearing that the same people who harmed Diane are after her as well, decides to disguise herself by wearing a blonde wig. That night, Betty and Rita become lovers and sleep together. Rita later awakens and insists that she and Betty attend a performance at an eerie midnight theater called Club Silencio, during which Betty begins shaking and both women cry uncontrollably. After Betty discovers a small blue box in her handbag, both women return to their apartment. Betty suddenly vanishes and Rita, finding herself alone, opens the blue box with the blue key from her purse. An emotionally hurt Diane (Naomi Watts) exchanges words with Camilla (Laura Harring). After this, an entirely new reality suddenly emerges. Betty wakes up and finds herself a depressed and lonely failed actress named Diane Selwyn. While alone in her apartment, Diane appears to flashback to recent traumatic events. Her former lover, an actress named Camilla Rhodes (now played by Harring), has abandoned her to pursue a life of riches and glamour by marrying a successful director, the same Adam Kesher who appeared earlier in the film. Feeling betrayed and humiliated, Diane meets the same hit man from the previous reality at Winkie's diner and pays him thousands of dollars in cash to kill Camilla. After receiving confirmation that Camilla has been killed (by the appearance of an ordinary blue key) and now under police suspicion, the guilt-stricken Diane loses her mind, is terrorized by hallucinations, and shoots herself. **** Diane Selwyn (Naomi Watts), an idealistic, ambitious and naive young woman, wins a jitterbug dance contest in Deep River, Ontario, that offers a trip to Hollywood as first prize. Late in the film, we discover that Diane has traveled to LA to pursue an acting career but has been disappointed by most of her encounters with film industry people and has failed to find success. Instead she strikes up a romance with a charismatic and successful actress Camilla Rhodes (Laura Harring), who gets a big part Diane had applied for but uses her influence to get Diane bit parts. Camilla treats Diane carelessly, dumping her to marry her director Adam Kesher, as well as to pursue a new romance on the side with a young un-named actress. Things come to a head at a Mulholand Drive party hosted by Camilla and Adam to announce and celebrate their marriage. Diane, still in love and obsessed, is invited to the party by Camilla and the two arrive at the event by chauffeured limo. At the party Diane sees Camilla kissing a young girl (Melissa George) and confronted fully with what is going on, is devastated. In a rage at her lover's betrayal and her own humiliation, Diane hires Joe Messing, an incompetent hit man, to murder Camilla. At their meeting in Winkie's restaurant, Joe shows Diane a blue house key that she will receive as his signal when the hit has been completed. Diane retreats to her dumpy apartment, receives the blue key, and fueled by drugs and alcohol, loses her mind and begins to hallucinate as detectives investigating Camilla's murder arrive at the apartment and bang loudly at the door. The bulk of the film (presented first) is composed of Diane's elaborate dream-fantasy-nightmare-hallucination, in which she re-imagines herself as Betty Elms, a young, innocent and talented version of herself just arrived in LA from Deep River to pursue her acting career. Other individuals she has encountered in LA (including several from Camilla and Adam's party and two strangers seen in Winkie's restaurant) take on new parts in the fantasy. In the fantasy, other names are changed or switched among characters. Camilla becomes Rita (not her real name which she has conveniently forgotten but one borrowed from a Rita Hayworth poster the amnesiac happens to see). Most enigmatically, the unnamed girl kissing Camilla at Adam's party (Melissa George), Camilla's new lover and replacement for Dianne, becomes 'Camilla Rhodes' in the fantasy. The choice of the name fits with Diane's anger and jealousy at the girl and anger with Camilla, who has dumped her. The film, and the fantasy, begin with Diane's alter ego Betty arriving in LA and encountering 'Rita' = Camilla (Laura Elena Harring), a beautiful amnesiac car accident victim who conveniently has wandered into the apartment where Betty is staying. The imaginary accident site and chauffeured limo are identical to the real site where Diane and Camilla exited the vehicle to take a shortcut to Adam's hillside mansion for the party. Betty helps Rita investigate who she is and, also conveniently, Rita soon falls in love with Betty. In the course of their investigations, Betty and Rita discover a blond female suicide. Diane's fantasy includes some self-serving and gratuitous nudity by Rita (really the object of her obsession, Camilla Rhodes). Also gratuitously, Rita dons a blonde wig and makeup that morph her appearance towards that of Betty's. Related side-plots in Diane's fantasy conform to both her wishful and also her dark view of her world (herself as the hero, confronting a variety of bad people and saving a beautiful damsel in distress): Betty has an audition and performs brilliantly, briefly encounters director Adam Kesher with whom she makes an instant positive connection, mafia types and a menacing cowboy pressure Kesher to cast 'Camilla Rhodes' (not the real Camilla but the unnamed kissing girl from the party) in a part for which she is not qualified - the girl unfairly get's Betty's part. This last element fits with Diane's jealousy over kissing girl's replacing her as the real Camilla Rhodes' lover. In other vignette elements of Diane's fantasy, Joe the hit-man spectacularly and elaborately bungles a job, reflecting Diane's heterophobia, Kesher's spoiled wife Lorraine is having an affair with the pool cleaner Gene, and significantly a large stylized blue key appears as an evil sign. Reality intrudes into Diane's dream in the form of the symbolic big blue key, 'Diane' on a waitress's name tag at Winkie's, and most significantly the performance at Club Silencio in which Betty, terrified, is forced to confront reality. At this point Diane wakes up and the film flips to reality. Finally, the detectives are knocking at the door and Diane, overwhelmed by her situation (madness taking her, her fantasy a fiction, her lover dead, incarceration imminent), kills herself on her bed using a revolver - matching the pose and clothing of the blonde suicide discovered by her imaginary characters Betty and Rita. 
 Lost Highway (1997)541) Anonymous videotapes presage a musician's murder conviction, and a gangster's girlfriend leads a mechanic astray. Fred Madison, a saxophonist, is accused under mysterious circumstances of murdering his wife Renee. On death row, he inexplicably morphs into a young man named Pete Dayton, leading a completely different life. When Pete is released, his and Fred's paths begin to cross in a surreal, suspenseful web of intrigue, orchestrated by a shady gangster boss named Dick Laurent. <jdean@gslink.net> Haunting sexuality, ricochet action and fleeting, murderous shadows await you on a journey that begins and ends on the Lost Highway. The successful jazz musician whose marriage is on the rocks - The man in black who threatens to expose him - The young mechanic with links to a powerful mobster - The mobster's moll, who knows what she wants and the people who can get it for her. These are the riders on the Lost Highway, trapped in their worlds of desire, destiny, and unknown destination, where the truth is always just a short way further down the road. Featuring a star-studded soundtrack and an incredible cast including Bill Pullman (Independence Day), Patricia Arquette (Medium), Balthazar Getty, Robert Blake and Robert Loggia, Lost Highway is a powerful, sensual and extraordinary movie experience from renowned director David Lynch (Blue Velvet, Twin Peaks). Guilt, denial, suspicion, and dread have crept into the sunny City of Dreams and the minimalist house of the affluent jazz tenor saxophonist, Fred Madison, and his soft-spoken wife, Renee, marking the gradual deterioration of their marriage. For the past three days, someone has been leaving mysterious unmarked videotapes at the front door of the reticent couple, triggering a series of bizarre hallucinations, dissociation, and murder with their increasingly disturbing content. Now, an amnesiac Fred finds himself on death row, while elsewhere in the city, the young, fresh-out-of-prison auto mechanic, Pete Dayton, dices with death, playing dangerous love games with the statuesque femme fatale and trophy girlfriend of the short-fused criminal overlord, Mr Eddy. And in the darkened lost highway of torn hopes and unfulfilled promises, seduction, betrayal, and death intersect. In the end, is Dick Laurent dead? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, Fred Madison ( Bill Pullman ), a saxophonist, is seen sitting in his house one morning, wearing a robe and pajamas, smoking a cigarette, looking disheveled when the intercom from the front door of his house buzzes. Over the intercom, a distorted man's voice says: "Dick Laurent is dead." When Fred looks out a window, police sirens are heard in the distance, but the streets outside his house are empty. One evening, Fred's wife Renee ( Patricia Arquette ) opts out of coming to the club to watch him and his band play; instead she plans to stay at home and read, an excuse Fred obviously finds flimsy. Red-faced and sweating, Fred plays discordant acid jazz at the Luna Club while the audience goes wild. He calls his house during a break, but Renee does not answer (three different phones at the house are seen to be ringing). Arriving home later, Fred sees Renee asleep in bed. Fred's silent expression shows his lingering doubts about Renee's faithfulness. The next morning, a mysterious package arrives on the front doorstep containing a VHS videotape. Renee doesn't mention the tape, but Fred sees it and demands that they watch it. The tape only displays a 20-second image of the outside of their home. The relieved Renee tells a perplexed Fred that the tape "might have been from a real estate agent." Another evening later, Renee accompanies Fred to the Luna Club to watch him perform, but she soon leaves with some men, while Fred on stage watches. Later that night back at their house, Fred tries to make love to Renee, but gives up in failure, humiliated when she pats him on the back and dispassionately consoles him. He tells her about a dream he had: she was crying out for him, "Fred, where are you?" He couldn't find her and says that he saw someone in bed that looked like her but wasn't her. The Renee in the dream screams in terror as Fred approaches her in bed. Fred then seems to wake up in bed lying next to Renee, but when he turns to look at her, he sees not her face but the pale, frightening looking face of a man superimposed on her silhouette. Bill startles out of the nightmare, now fully awake for real. As the days pass, a second tape arrives, showing the interior of their house-- the unseen intruder also films them in bed, sleeping. Fred and Renee call the police. Two detectives, Al and Ed (John Roselius and Louis Eppolito), watch the video. They recommend that Fred and Renee resume using their security system, and search the house for signs of forced entry. The departing cops say "We'll keep watch over the house. We'll do the best we can," having neither found nor resolved anything. That evening, Fred and Renee go out to a party held by Andy ( Michael Massee ) an old friend of Renee's. Renee drunkenly stumbles, giggling, into Andy's arms while pleading with Fred to get her another drink. A jealous Fred goes to the bar for a drink where he meets a strange-looking middle-aged man wearing all-black clothing, who is only known as the Mystery Man ( Robert Blake ). The Mystery Man tells Fred that they've met before and that he is at his house right now. (Note: it was in fact the face of the Mystery Man that Fred saw in place of Renee's in his nightmare) Fred phones his house using the Mystery Man's cell phone and the voice of the Mystery Man answers at the house while he's standing right in front of Fred. When Fred asks the Mystery Man who he is, the Mystery Man just laughs and takes back his cell phone only saying that it's been a pleasure talking to him. After the Mystery Man walks away, the shaken Fred approaches Andy and asks him who the Mystery Man is and is told that he is a friend of Dick Laurent. When Fred repeats the message he heard on the intercom, that "Dick Laurent is dead," Andy nervously asks how Fred knows Dick Laurent and insists that "Dick can't be dead." Fred then forcibly grabs Renee and they leave the party. Driving home, Fred questions Renee about Andy and her past connection to him. Renee answers vaguely, failing to alleviate Fred's jealous suspicions. Arriving back at their house, Fred makes Renee wait in the driveway while he checks inside for intruders and finds no one. While Renee prepares for bed and removes her makeup in the bathroom, Fred walks around the dimly lit house and finds himself standing in front of a dark hallway. Fred walks down the hallway and disappears, eventually encountering a mirror reflection of himself. Renee walks out of the bedroom and stands at the base of the hallway. She calls out for Fred, just as in his dream earlier. Shortly before Fred emerges from the darkness of the long hallway, we see a shadow moving through another part of the house. The next morning, another VHS tape arrives and Fred watches it alone. To his horror it contains gory images of him killing Renee. As Fred calls out for Renee, time jumps abruptly and suddenly Fred is being beaten in an interrogation room by the same two police detectives, Al and Ed, who earlier offered to watch the house and now accuse him of killing his wife. A terrified Fred claims that he didn't kill Renee. But seconds later he becomes confused and pleads to the detectives, "Tell me I didn't kill her!" Tried, found guilty and sentenced to death, Fred, still dazed and confused, is locked away on death row for the murder of Renee. Shortly after arriving, Fred is plagued by frequent headaches. After he collapses in the prison yard one day, he's brought into the infirmary where he complains to the prison doctor that he can't sleep. The doctor doses Fred with a sedative and he's locked back in his cell, where his headache continues to rage and he hallucinates strange visions of the Mystery Man, a burning cabin in the desert (with the flames moving in reverse), and a dark stretch of highway. Fred also has a dream of another man standing on the side of a road, while he begins to physically transform into that man. The next morning, during a routine check of the cells, the prison guards are shocked to find that the man in Fred's cell is not Fred. The man is discovered to be Pete Dayton ( Balthazar Getty ) a young, confused auto mechanic whom the prison officials discover has a past record for auto theft. Since Pete has committed no crime aside from the auto theft five years earlier, he is released into the care of his parents Bill and Candace ( Gary Busey and Lucy Butler ), who come to collect Pete dressed like bikers in black leather jackets, jeans and dark glasses. The Dayton family return home to their house in Van Nuys. At the same time, Pete is being followed by two detectives, named Hank and Lou (Carl Sundstrom and John Solari), to find out why and how Pete ended up in Fred Madison's prison cell. For the next day or two, we see Pete laying around his parents house on a lawn chair in the back yard, watching the blue sky, and a dog in the back yard next door playing in a kiddie swimming pool as his face slowly heals from the physical transformation and he begins to adjust to his new life and new memories. One evening, Pete is laying on his bed when four of his outgoing friends, Steve V ( Giovanni Ribisi ), Teddy, (Scott Coffey), Lanie (Heather Stephens) and Carl (Al Garrett), arrive and asking where he has been for the past few days. Pete tells them that he hasn't been feeling well, but accepts their request to go out with him, having been inside his parents house for days. Pete and his friends meet up with Pete's girlfriend Sheila ( Natasha Gregson Wagner ) and two of her girlfriends. At a bowling alley with a bar in the back, they have drinks and dance. Sheila asks Pete about his whereabouts for the last several days, but Pete can't remember. She remarks that he looks and appears "different". The next day, Pete returns to work at an auto repair garage where he is welcomed back by the owner Arnie ( Richard Pryor ) and his co-workers. Pete is called on by Mr. Eddy ( Robert Loggia ), a charming but hot-tempered gangster, to tune up his Mercedes. Mr. Eddy takes Pete for a drive so that he can listen to the problem in the engine, which Pete fixes. During a drive along a mountain road overlooking Los Angeles, a pushy and belligerent motorist tailgates their vehicle, causing the gangster to erupt into a fit of road rage. Mr. Eddy chases down the tailgater and forces him off the road. Mr. Eddy and his two bodyguards drags the man out of his car where Mr. Eddy pistol whips him while berating him about road safety, a display of violence that shocks Pete. Mr. Eddy drops Pete back at the garage where he is spotted by the two detectives, Hank and Lou. Hank identifies Mr. Eddy as a certain criminal named Dick Laurent. Hank and Lou follow Pete when he goes out that evening with Sheila. As the couple make out in Pete's car, she questions him on his moody behavior, but Pete maintains that he is just as confused as Sheila about recent events. They have sex in the front seat. The next day while at work, Pete becomes disturbed by the sounds of a saxophone playing on a radio (the same saxophone sounds that Fred Madison used to play) and switches the channels. An older mechanic named Phil ( Jack Nance ) asks Pete why he changed the channel. Pete only says that he doesn't like to hear that music. Later that same day, Mr. Eddy returns to the garage with his Cadillac for Pete to tune up and repair, accompanied by his beautiful blonde girlfriend, Alice Wakefield (Patricia Arquette in a dual role). She and Pete make eye contact and we feel the chemistry ignite between these two characters. At the end of the day, Alice returns to the garage to pick up the car and invites Pete out for dinner. Against his better judgment, Pete begins a secret liaison with Alice, meeting her at the Starlite Motel. Hank and Lou continue to keep tabs on Pete, his affair with Alice giving them even more reason to connect him with Mr. Eddy/Dick Laurent and possible criminal activity. As the days wear on, Pete begins to experience headaches and hallucinations similar to Fred's. When Alice phones Pete to cancel their nightly get-together, Pete instead rides his motorcycle through the city. Pete takes Sheila to a motel where he has rough sex with her, driven to satisfy passions awakened in him by the hot-blooded Alice. Later that night, Pete returns home to find his worried parents in the dimly-lit living room waiting to confront him about the night he vanished and that the police have been phoning them to ask if Pete remembers anything. Pete continues to maintain that he has no memory about that night. Bill and Candace tell Pete that he returned home from a date with Sheila and there was a man with him that they never saw before (presumably the Mystery Man). Pete tries to remember that night and remembers (through a brief point-of-view shot) of being on the front lawn of his house with blue lighting flashing in the background. Sheila and his parents are seen running after him, calling his name, while from the point-of-view shot shows us as if Pete is being picked up by an unseen force and pulled through a supernatural-like vortex. Bill and Candace indicate that they saw more but refuse to discuss whatever they saw with Pete. The next day, Mr. Eddy pays Pete another visit at the garage where he brandishes a gun while making a veiled threat on Pete's life. He claims that he would kill anyone whom he caught fooling around with Alice. After work, Pete secretly visits Alice at the Starlight Motel. She tells him that Mr. Eddy suspects her and Pete of seeing each other. Alice reveals to Pete that Mr. Eddy is actually a porno producer named Dick Laurent. In a short flashback sequence, Alice tells Pete a story about how Mr. Eddy coerced her into a relationship with him by inviting her to his mansion where a thug literally held a gun to her head and forced her to strip off her clothes for Mr. Eddy. After finishing her story, Pete remains unconvinced that Alice is only a reluctant partner in this relationship, insisting "you liked it, huh?" Alice presents Pete with a plan to steal money from a friend of hers so they can leave town. She tells Pete that on the following night, she will meet with Mr. Eddy's associate Andy, a man who works with recruiting young woman to work in Mr. Eddy's porn videos (the same Andy who knew Renee in the first half of the story) at Andy's house. She'll facilitate Pete's entry into the house so that they can both rob Andy and use the money to run away together. Pete is wary of trusting Alice, but also overwhelmed by his desire to have her. That same evening when Pete comes home, he is confronted outside his house by an enraged Sheila over his infidelity. She accuses him of being "different," and tries to persuade Bill and Candace to tell Pete the truth about "that night," but they remain close-lipped. As Sheila runs off into the night, the phone rings inside Pete's house. The caller is Mr. Eddy, who, along with his associate, the Mystery Man, threatens Pete again, this time more directly. Frightened, Pete calls Alice and agrees to help with her plan tonight. Late that night, Pete sneaks out of his house and away from the two detectives in their parked squad car. He takes a local bus across the west end of the city and then walks to Andy's house and enters through the back door that Alice has left unlocked. As planned, Alice sends Andy downstairs at 11:15 pm to fix her a drink and Pete knocks him unconscious. On a huge projection screen in the center of the living room, a black-and-white porno of Alice having sex plays in a loop. Pete also sees a framed group photo of Andy, Mr. Eddy, Alice and Renee, and asks Alice whether the nearly identical women are both her. She simply points to the blonde woman and tells Pete that it's her, mentioning nothing about the dark-haired Renee. Suddenly, Andy comes to and attacks Pete. Pete pushes Andy off of him, throwing the man across the room where he impales his forehead on the corner of a glass coffee table, a freak accident that kills him instantly. Pete, now suffering a nosebleed, is horrified by the nasty turn of events, but Alice seems untroubled, coolly removing Andy's jewelry and gathering other valuables. Pete stumbles upstairs, hallucinating a motel hallway where a nightmarish version of Alice taunts Pete while having sex with a faceless man. When Pete returns from upstairs, Alice has a semi-automatic pistol, pointing it at him. But she is only looking at it for it is Andy's gun, and she gives it to Pete for safekeeping. Pete and Alice flee in Andy's red sports car. They arrive at a small cabin in the desert... the very same cabin seen burning (with the flames in reverse) in both Fred's and Pete's visions. This is where Alice plans to meet the "fence" who will give them cash for the stolen goods. Alice looks around but finds the cabin empty aside from some old furniture. While waiting for the arrival of the fence, Alice and Pete make love on the desert sand in front of the parked car. In the throes of passion, Pete whispers to Alice over and over that he wants her. Alice finally replies coldly: "you'll never have me." Alice gets up and walks away, stark nude, into the desert cabin, leaving the distraught Pete lying on the sand. Then as he rises from the sand and turns around, we now see that it is not Pete.... but Fred Madison, who seems to have exchanged places with Pete once again. Fred puts his clothes on and searches the desert cabin. He sees no trace of Alice-- instead he meets the Mystery Man again. When Fred asks where is Alice, the Mystery Man angrily informs Fred that Alice's name is not Alice, it's Renee... and he demands to know who Fred is. The Mystery Man then points a video camera at Fred and begins to film him (confirming that the Mystery Man was the one who sent the videotapes to Fred and Renee), slowly coming closer and closer. Fred flees the menacing gaze of the man and the camera, running back to Andy's car and driving away just before the Mystery Man's outstretched arm reaches him. Fred drives to the Lost Highway Motel, a nightmarish place in the middle of the desert, and sees Renee check into a room with Mr. Eddy/Dick Laurent. Fred enters the adjoining room and hears them having sex. A while later, Renee leaves Mr. Eddy and drives away. Fred then breaks into Mr. Eddy's room just as he is preparing to leave and grabs him. The Mystery Man watches from Fred's room as Fred forces Mr. Eddy into the trunk of the Mercedes and drives off. Somewhere in the desert, Fred stops the car and gets out to open the trunk, at which point Mr. Eddy leaps out and attacks him. The Mystery Man suddenly appears and gives Fred a knife to slash Mr. Eddy's throat. In answer to Mr. Eddy's question "What do you guys want?" the Mystery Man produces a mini TV, the screen of which shows Renee and Mr. Eddy watching a snuff film while engaged in foreplay beside the projector while Andy and a small group of people watch the snuff/porn film. The Mystery Man shoots Mr. Eddy to death and whispers something inaudible to Fred. The Mystery Man disappears and Fred (now holding the gun) drives off in Mr. Eddy's Mercedes, leaving Mr. Eddy's body in the desert wilderness as dawn starts to break. Back at Andy's house, all four of the police detectives, Al and Ed (who interacted with Fred and Renee), Hank and Lou (who tailed Pete), investigate the crime scene after Andy's dead body was found by some of his women. One of them notices the group photo of Renee, Mr. Eddy/Dick Laurent and Andy. Alice is no longer in the photo. (Note: all traces of Alice in the photo and the living room are gone... as if she never existed.) The detectives identify the woman in the photo as "Fred Madison's wife" and note that the photo links her with Dick Laurent. However, the fingerprints all over the crime scene belong to Pete Dayton, now the prime suspect in Andy's murder. One of the detectives states: "You know what I think? I think there's no such thing as a bad coincidence." In the final scene, things come full circle as Fred, still driving Mr. Eddy's Mercedes and wearing Pete's clothes, drives to his house where it's revealed that he is the person who leaves the cryptic message that Fred (in the past) heard through the intercom at the beginning of the movie: "Dick Laurent is dead." Just then, the two police detectives, Al and Ed, pull up in their squad car and see Fred standing at the front door of his old house and move in to arrest him. Seeing the detectives advancing towards him, Fred runs back to the Mercedes, jumps in, and drives off with the detectives in hot pursuit. As darkness falls, Fred speeds down the desert highway with several police cars close behind. As he enters the dark vortex on the lost highway, Fred screams as his head begins to shake and his features blur as he begins physically transforming again into another person. The scream fades and we're left with the same image from the opening credits-- a dark, two-lane highway that rushes silently past with no surrounding landscape or apparent destination. 
 Hocus Pocus (1993)761) A curious youngster moves to Salem, where he struggles to fit in before awakening a trio of diabolical witches that were executed in the 17th century. 300 years have passed since the Sanderson sisters were executed for practicing dark witchcraft. Returning to life thanks to a combination of a spell spoken before their demise and the accidental actions of Max, the new-kid-in-town, the sisters have but one night to secure their continuing existence... anonymous Three hundred years ago, executed witches were executed in Salem, Massachusetts and a boy who tried to stop the witches was turned into an immortal black cat. Now it's Halloween 1993 and the witches are accidentally brought back. This time, they've got until sunrise to achieve immortal life and have turned their wrath on trick-or-treaters and it's up to a teenager, his kid sister and his girlfriend along with the 300-year-old cat to save the day. Steve Derby <sderby@sdeco.com> 300 years ago, the Sanderson sisters had practiced witchcraft and been punished. Now it's Halloween 1993 and Max Dennison has lit the candle that is said to bring the witches back to life. Now Max, his girlfriend Allison, and his kid sister Dani must save all the kids in Salem from the witch sisters including leader Winifred, goofy Sarah, and high-strung Mary who will steal the lives of children. Corey Semple (AdamSandler's8SexyNights) In the year 1693, sisters, Winifred, Mary and Sarah were executed for practicing witchcraft. Just before their execution, Winifred made a curse, a curse that when a virgin lights the black flame candle they shall return . In 1993, 300 years later, Max decides to light the candle in order to show off to his irritating kid sister Dani and his wannabe girlfriend Alison. Now, the three Witches are back ready for a night of fun, magic and horror in the modern Salem on Halloween. BHamazonking In the year 1693, three sisters, Winifred, Mary and Sarah were executed for their practicing witchcraft but not before their living book of spells revealed to them a curse to bring the three back from the dead. 300 years later, teenager Max Dennison is a newcomer to Salem, struggling to adjust after growing up in California.Now, he must spend the evening escorting her door to door for trick or treating while their parents enjoy the town Halloween dance. Max's efforts to impress a girl lead him to break the curse and bring Sarah, Mary, and Winifred Sanderson back from the dead. From there on out, it's a non-stop, fun-filled chase as the witches pursue the children, determined to perform their spells before sunrise or else the witches will be gone forever. Max, Dani, and Allison work together to outrun, outwit, and outlast the evil trio and their magical arsenal, with the fate of all the children of Salem hanging in the balance. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Hocus Pocus begins in a small town in 1693, were a teenager named Thackery Binx realizes his little sister, Emily, has been lured Into the woods, under the control of a witch. Thackery urges his friend Elijah to hurry back to the village and alert the elders. He then rushes after Emily, and eventually finds the house where Emily has been captured. Inside the house, three aging evil witches, the Sanderson sisters-- Winifred, Mary, and Sarah (Midler, Najimy and Parker), are brewing a potion in a cauldron. Winifred, the eldest sister, highlights that the potion, when drank by a child, has the ability to restore the witches' youth. Before the witches can force the potion into Emily, Thackery stops them and engages in a brawl with Winnie, and is overcome. The sisters then suck the life-force from little Emily and their youth is restored, then cast a spell on helpless Thackery that he take the form of a black cat for eternity to suffer do his failure to save his sister. Immediately after, the angry villagers, wielding torches, capture the sisters and prepare to hang the trio. Thackery's father demands that Winifred divulge his son's whereabouts, but she refuses to say. Winnie's spell book reveals a prophecy that on All Hallows Eve, a virgin shall light the black flame candle and resurrect them. The sisters are then hanged and Thackery the cat rubs against his father's leg, but the father, not recognizing him, pushes him away. 300 years later, in Salem, a teacher tells her class about the Sanderson sisters, since Halloween is approaching. Max Dennison, a new student just arrived from California isn't a believer. Max attempts to befriend fellow classmate Alison as the school closes for Halloween break. While cycling home, Max cuts through a cemetery and runs into two teenage punks named Ice and Jay who tease him, later stealing his trainers. When an irritated Max returns home, unhappy about his new location, he finds solace in his room and daydreams about Alison. Dani, his little sister then frightens him and demands that he take her trick or treating that night. At first he refuses, but is later forced to take his sister into the neighborhood to collect candy. After an embarrassing confrontation with Ice and Jay over surrendering their candy, Dani storms off on Max and he goes to reconcile with her. The two then find the mansion of Alison's family and they meet Alison and engage in a conversation about the Sanderson sisters, planning to break into their home, now an abandoned museum dedicated to them. Dani is anxious about their Halloween prank, and when they break into the mill house Max foolishly lights the black flame candle to impress the girls. Odd occurrences begin to happen at the Sanderson house and the floorboards rattle and shake and the Sanderson sisters return home. The three kids hide while the sisters comically settle back into domesticity after a 3 centuries-long absence. Dani soon shows her face, claiming that she was the one who lit the candle. To protect his sister, Max and Alison attack the witches. Max fools the Witches by setting off the modern sprinkler system, making them think it is a terrible magic that will destroy them, in order to distract the witches from following him. He steals the spell book and is introduced to Thackery, an immortal cat with the ability to speak. After escaping the Sanderson sisters, Max, Alison and Dani follow Thackery 'Binx' into a cemetery to be safe on hallowed ground. BInx shows them Billy Butcherson's grave and his sister's headstone, they soon realize he is Thackery Binx, and that the legends are true about the witches and their killing his sister. The witches discover they have been tricked and devise a plan, the candle spell only brings them back for one night, they plot to suck the lives out of children before sunrise, so that they can stay alive and youthful forever,. They need to find Max since he has stolen the book. The witches set out into the modern world, and are constantly confused as to the ways of the world in the early 90's. They track down Max and the gang to the cemetery, unable to set foot on hallowed ground, and taking flight on their broomsticks. Winnie resurrects Billy Butcherson, now a decaying zombie, to find the trio after losing them. The kids take rescue in a sewer and make their way through the underground while the witches who have had their broomsticks taken by children trick or treaters board a bus. Binx finds a sewer hole that they can escape from Billy and makes his way out into the streets, and is then run over by the bus the sisters have boarded. Binx returns to normal health, since he is immortal, and the witches depart the bus in Halloween-themed suburbia. Max, Alison, Dani and Binx go to city hall, crowded with people attending the Halloween party so that they can find their parents. When the witches enter city hall to find the children, Max's parents do not believe them and he is forced to tell the party-attendants on stage that the witches have come back to life. Everyone laughs until Max points at the Sandersons. The spotlight soon switches to Winnie and her sisters, and everyone stares. But Winifred quickly turns the tables on Max, dazzling the party goers by pretending they are entertainers and breaking into song and going on stage to do a dance number (as only the Divine 'Miss M' can). The song contains an insidious spell by which the witches compel the party goers to all dance and party until they die of exhaustion. Max and the gang flee the city hall party, and hide from the sisters behind a restaurant alley. An old oven gives Alison an idea on how to deal with the witches and they go to their high school. The witches enter the school, since Mary has trailed the scent of the children. Thinking it is a prison for children, the witches search the halls and follow a voice, actually a tape recorder and step into a pottery furnace, Alison and Dani then close the hatch and turn the furnace on to burn up the witches. In celebration, Max and Dani head home with Alison, deciding to keep Binx as their own cat. They fall asleep, certain that the witches are gone forever. But Winnie, Mary and Sarah soon emerge from the furnace and are restored to their normal form.Time is running out and they are desperate since the children have the spell book and they can't remember the spell for the eternal youth potion. Along the home the witches run into Ice and Jay who insult them and the witches take the boys captive and place them in cages at home. Winnie breaks down, certain that they are doomed. At the Dennison household, Alison and Max wake up, both feeling sympathy for Binx in his feline-form. They open the spell book to see if they can reverse his spell, and the book emits a signal that Max, Alison and Dani cannot see. the Sanderson sisters see the signal from across town and go into the cleaning closet to find new brooms. Winnie soon takes flight on a house broom along with Mary on a vacuum and Sarah on a mop and they head into the suburbs to retrieve the book. Max and Alison are stopped by Binx who slams the book shut. Alison has an eerie feeling that something isn't right. Acting on her uncertainty, she and Max fetch some salt from the kitchen, as a defense mechanism if the witches do return. Max and Alison's impromptu moment of romance is interrupted by odd noises from upstairs, and they go to see what happened. Alison sees that the book is gone, and Max pulls back the covers of Dani's bed to reveal Sarah. Mary and Winifred enter from the closet holding Dani hostage and holding the book. To defend herself, Alison pours a ring of salt around her and the trio of witches take to the skies with Dani to use her as their first sacrifice. Max and Alison and Binx are off to get Dani back. Sarah sings a gentle spell from the skies to summon all the children of Salem to the Sanderson house as additional sources of youth. Sarah returns home, and Winnie is fixing up the potion in their cauldron while Dani is tied to a chair. Max enters the Sanderson house in time to save Dani from consuming the potion, knocks over the cauldron and tells the witches the sun is rising. The sisters fall to floor, but are tricked as the ray of light turns out to be the headlights of the vehicle the rescuers took to get there. The sisters have the opportunity to suck the lives of the children that are approaching their house, but Winnie is determined to have Dani's soul first since she called her 'ugly'. There is just enough of the potion left for one child, so the witches take off after the kids. After losing the witches, Max, Alison, Dani and Binx return to the cemetery where the witches can't set foot on hallowed ground. Dani is protected by a ring of salt as Billy, the zombie, joins them to defend her since he also has a hatred for Winnie. The sisters swoop at them from all angles. Winnie knocks Billy's head off, and Dani carelessly leaves the safety of the salt ring to retrieve it and give it back to him. Winnie captures Dani and is about to force her to drink the potion when Binx rushes up a tree and leaps, knocking the potion from her hand, Max catches the potion and threatens to smash it unless Winnie releases his sister. But Winnie threatens instead to kill Dani if Max does this. The standoff is resolved when Max suddenly drinks the potion, forcing Winnie to take him instead. Winifred frees Dani, claiming that Max is a fool to give up his life for Dani. Winnie then attempts to suck the life out of Max, as Alison, Billy and Dani prevent Mary from helping Winnie by holding on to her flying vacuum's cord. Sarah tries to help Mary, and a tug-of-war ensues, ending when Alison, Dani and Billy release the cord, causing Mary and Sarah to fly off helplessly into the sky. Winnie is knocked off her broom while struggling with Max, and lands on the cemetery's hallowed ground, taking hold of him and sucking his life-force. The sun begins to rise from the horizon of the cemetery, Winnie is stuck between the sun and the hallowed ground, slowly turning to stone. The other two sisters disintegrate from the sunrise and Binx takes his final breath, the curse on him broken. Dani and Max are reunited, and she is touched that he would give up his own life for her. Dani then realizes that Binx is dead and begins to weep over him. But suddenly Thackery's spirit appears to console her, showing her that the curse is lifted and he is free. He thanks her, and Max and Alison, for their heroic fight against the Sanderson sisters. Emily's spirit appears and Thackery is finally reunited with his sister. The film ends with Max, Dani and Alison victorious after the defeat of the Sanderson sisters, and Dani smiling as Thackery and Emily walk away through the cemetery gates. Premise: After the end credits, Max and Dani's parents exit city hall with the other party goers, exhausted from hours of dancing, then cuts to Ice and Jay still hanging from the cages at the Sanderson home, singing 'Row row row your boat'. As the credits approach, the spell book opens its eye. 