nm0004763:

 Precious (II) (2009)541) In New York City's Harlem circa 1987, an overweight, abused, illiterate teen who is pregnant with her second child is invited to enroll in an alternative school in hopes that her life can head in a new direction. In Harlem, 1987. Sixteen year old Claireece Jones - who goes by her middle name Precious - is illiterate and overweight. She is pregnant with her second child, both children fathered by her biological father, who has continually raped her since she was a child, but who she doesn't see otherwise. Her infant daughter, Mongo - such named since she has Down Syndrome - lives with Precious' grandmother. Precious lives with her mother Mary, who abuses Precious both physically and emotionally. Mary does nothing but smoke, watch television and collect welfare through fraud (as she doesn't ever look for a job) and believes that education does nothing for Precious, who she would rather also collect welfare if only to bring money into the household. To escape her life, Precious often daydreams of herself in glamorous situations. Because of her current pregnancy, Precious' principal transfers her into an alternative school. In dealing with the school's sympathetic teacher Miss Blu Rain, Precious begins to believe that she can have a future by learning how to read and write. Despite some devastating news from her mother following the birth of her child, Precious also begins to believe she can escape the grips of her abusive mother, who, up to this point, was Precious' only real support. Huggo In late 1980s, the illiterate, in her sweet sixteen, Claireece Jones, is a dangerously obese junior high student from Harlem whom people call her "Precious", even though no one seems to believe it. On the streets, she is bullied, called names, and pushed about. But at home, things are even worse. Already pregnant with her second child, the abused Precious is struggling to persevere by cocooning herself within the protective realm of delusion, where everyone is kind, everything is bright, and she is the star. Who knows, maybe somewhere in this world lies hidden the love and compassion all the hurt but Precious people strive to find. Nick Riganas In 1987, Claireece Precious Jones endures unimaginable hardships in her young life. Abused by her mother, raped by her father, she grows up poor, angry, illiterate, fat, unloved and generally unnoticed. So what better way to learn about her than through her own, halting dialect. anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movies starts off with a picture of a red scarf hanging off a street lamp and then flying through the air. Harlem, 1987. Clarice Precious Jones (Gabourey Sildibe) is in a math class, daydreaming. She is wearing a red scarf. Much of the film is in first-person narration. She narrates, My name is Clarice Precious Jones. I want to be on the cover of a magazine. I wish I had a light-skinned boyfriend with good hair. But first I want to be in one of those BET videos, and we see a fantasy sequence of her dressed in a photo-shoot, accompanied with a light-skinned boyfriend (who will be in all her future movie sequences.) She also says I 'm gonna break through, someone is going to break through to me, ima be normal and sit in the front of the class. She has a crush on the math teacher Mr. Wicher (Bill Sage). She narrates that she likes math. The class is rowdy and when a student responds to Mr. Wicher with cuss word, Precious slaps that student and says to Mr. Wicher, I got your back. She narrates that she and Mr. Wicher will move away and live together in Westchester. A student comes in with a note saying that the principal wants to see Precious. In the principals office, the principal, Mrs. Lichtenstein asks if Precious is pregnant again and how could this happen. The principal lays out the facts for Precious: shes 16, pregnant again, and attends junior high. The principal wants to move Precious to an alternative school. The principal asks the mom to come to a meeting but when Precious protests, Mrs. Lichtenstein says that she can visit her mom. Precious is at home washing dishes when her mom, Mary, (MoNique) who is unemployed and watches $10,000 Pyramid all day, asks Precious if she is going to start cooking. Mary then throws a heavy pan at Precious and knocks her out. Cut to a flashback of Precious's father raping her. Then we enter Precious's fantasy world where she goes to feel safe when she is overwhelmed by the horror around her. In this fantasy sequence she is attending a movie premiere, dressed in red, when it starts to rain. The rain is actually her mother, Mary (MoNique), throwing water on Precious's face to rouse Precious from the floor. Precious is cooking dinner when the doorbell buzzes (they live in a typical run-down New York tenement building- although it is not typical for apartments to have two floors). It is Mrs. Lichtenstein, who wants to talk to mom. Precious tells her off, but Mrs. Lichtenstein stays on the intercom to tell Precious about the alternative school, Each One, Teach One. After the principal leaves, Mary becomes extremely upset and verbally abuses Precious, blaming her for bringing the white b*tch to her house, in that having any visitors snooping around might jeopardize the welfare check payment. (Mary is scamming the system). Mary continues: she blames Precious for stealing her man, saying that school is of no use for Precious, that Precious is fat and undesirable, and that she should have aborted Precious. Mary then rushes to beat Precious. At night Precious looks at a photo album to console herself. The photos talk to her (more fantasy). In the morning, before Precious leaves the house, she adjusts herself in the mirror but sees herself in the reflection as a white blond girl. (For you psychology buffs out there- it seems that Precious may suffer from a dissociative disorder- which would not be surprising given the level of abuse she has endured). Precious goes to Each One, Teach One, where the receptionist, who Precious refers to as Cornrows (Sherri Shepard), gives her a placement test. It is clear that Precious is illiterate by the way she takes the test and narrates that tests paint pictures of me with no brain. On her way back, a group of thugs sexually harass her and then one pushes her down when she doesn't respond. Cut to a fantasy sequence of her dancing in an Apollo-like stage and her boyfriend licking her ear, but it is really a dog licking her ear while she is down on the ground. She returns to her building and runs into a little girl, Ruby, who pesters her. It is another day and Precious needs money for food before leaving house. But mom is too busy in bed, pleasuring herself, but asks Precious to come up and take care of her. She says, I wish she would stop that shit - meaning the sexual abuse. Afterward Precious goes to a fried-chicken shop and orders a bucket of chicken, but runs off with it without paying. She eats the whole bucket on the way to school and then throws up (perhaps showing a habit of binge-eating or maybe it is because she is pregnant). At the alternative school, the teacher, Ms. Blue Rain (Paula Patton), calls Precious to class and tells the class the purpose of the school is to prepare them for the GED. We are introduced to five other students. She asks each student to write and say their name, favorite color, talent, and why they are in the alternative class. The students say their items, but when its Precious's turn she asks to be skipped. Ms. Rains goes on teaching but Precious speaks up. Precious is scared, says that she is not good at anything, to which Mrs. Rain replies that everyone is good at something. Precious says that her favorite color is yellow and that she can cook and that she has never really talked in class before. Ms. Rain asks her how that makes her feel, and she replies it makes me feel here. (no need for fantasy/dissociation) Ms. Rain gives the class a journal and tells them to write anything they are feeling. Precious narrates that she has gotten As in English without having to do anything. It is another day in the alternative classroom and Ms. Rain calls some students up to write the alphabets. Precious volunteers to write the letter f but after that a student says, F for fat, (Precious is around 300 pounds), which results in a fight. Precious stays after class because of the fight, and Ms. Rain asks Precious to read a page of children's book. Precious struggles to put together the word day, cut to flashback of Mary calling Precious a dumb b*itch. Precious returns home to find her mom pissed off because Precious went to the alternative school, and missed the regular school, which would cut into the welfare checks. Mary berates Precious, saying that She cant learn sh*t, that Precious should better get her ass to welfare to start getting welfare. Mary demands that Precious cook for her. Precious cooks a seemingly good meal of pigs feet and accompaniments but Mary explodes when she doesn't see collard greens as a dish, saying who can eat pigs feet without collard greens. Mary forces Precious to eat the meal, explaining that since Precious f*cked up the meal, she has to eat it, even though Precious isn't hungry. Precious eats the food in front of mom and breaks into a fantasy of being in an old Italian movie with Sophia Loren in it (since that is what Mary was watching at the time). Precious is at the welfare office (a regular check-in is required) talking to a social worker Mrs. Weiss (an almost unrecognizable Mariah Carey without makeup). Mrs. Weiss asks Precious about her home life, and about the firstborn, who Precious named Mongo (short for Mongoloid, because the baby has Down syndrome). Flashback to grandma handing the baby to Mary (grandma has been taking care of the baby), Mary putting on a wig to soften her appearance and changing to a soft tone, and conning the social worker who came to check up on them. (Mary claims that she loves and takes care of her grandchild, and is also diligently looking for a job. After the social worker left, Mary says, Get that MotherF#$%er off me (talking about the baby). Cut back to Precious talking to Ms. Weiss. Precious slips that her gave her this baby and the one before. Mrs. Weiss presses Precious, who at first tries to spin it away, but then relents to tell the truth: that she delivered the first baby on the kitchen floor while her mother was kicking her in the head. Precious is relieved that she doesn't have to lie anymore, but knows that her mother is going to be furious- because her telling the truth is going to stop the checks from coming. The alternative school is having a good effect on Precious. On a class trip to the museum, Precious realizes that she wants to teach her babies, and that she will keep the undelivered baby. In class, the students are reading their journal entries about fairy-tales. Precious goes to the front of class to read, but she goes into labor. She is rushed to the hospital. After delivering the newborn (named Abdul Jamal Jones), the students visit Precious. The students kid with Precious's male nurse, John McFadden (Lenny Kravitz), making fun that he is a male nurse. John tells the students how McDonald's is bad and fattening while eating his fruit cups. He leaves with a kiss to Precious's forehead. Precious corresponds with Ms. Rain using the journal which a student ferries back and forth. Ms. Rain asks Precious if she plans to keep the baby. Precious writes yes, and Ms. Rains tells Precious that her responsibility is to take care of herself, and that her learning to read and write is everything. It is around Christmas, and John gives Precious a card with a twenty-dollar bill in it when Precious is discharged. She brings Abdul home and runs into the little girl (Ruby) who pesters her. Mary is not happy she asks where Precious has been but also asks to hold the baby. Cooing at first, she throws the baby down and throws a glass at Precious. Precious has ruined her life, she claims, when Precious revealed the truth and welfare cut off the checks. She also asks Precious, does she think she is better because the father gave her instead of Mary a baby. Precious grabs the baby and runs out of the apartment, falling down the flight of stairs and avoiding a TV dropped down by Mary, but protecting the baby. Precious is upset and as she leaves she runs into Ruby, the little girl who continues to pester. She responds by slamming her into a wall as she tries to get by her and leave. Precious walks out in the streets, where it is snowing. She sees a church and looks into the window and sees a church choir practicing, which leads to a fantasy sequence of her in a gospel choir. The next day, Ms. Rain and Cornrows arrived at the school building but sees that it has been broken into. Ms. Rains finds the baby Abdul with Precious, who feels sorry that Ms. Rain is now pressed into the role of a social worker. While Ms. Rains is working the phones to find a place for Precious to stay, one of the students is teaching the class (funny scene). She finally finds a halfway house for Precious and Abdul, but Precious first spends overnight with Ms. Rain. Precious meets Ms. Rains live-in female partner. (Precious: Oh my God, shes a straight-up lesbian!) They are both warm toward Precious, even giving her a Christmas present. This scene is significant because its the first time she's treated like an adult, and engaging in an "adult conversation" with Ms. Rain and her partner. Even though the two of them are more intellectual and use big words and analogies in their conversation, they kindly respond when Precious brings up McDonalds or Oprah. Ms. Rain's partner is trying to write a book. Ms. Rain mentions that Precious writes everyday, and Precious says she writes about her life and Abdul. At the halfway house, Precious grows. She says that its a halfway house because it is halfway between the old and new life. There, she gets stipends and received an award for literacy (maybe most improved?). There is a party for her where John is invited. John finds Ms. Rains attractive but Precious takes John to introduce her to Cornrow. Cornrow is on the phone arguing with her boyfriend but hangs up when she sees John. (A lot of scenes earlier show Cornrow arguing on phone with her boyfriend). One day Precious gets an unexpected visitor. Its Mary, bearing news that Precious's father has died of AIDS. Precious asks if Mary is HIV positive but Mary says no since they never had anal sex. Precious urges Mary to get tested, then leaves the building. In class, everyone is writing in the journals except for Precious. Ms. Rains presses Precious who tearfully reveals that shes HIV positive (but not Abdul -- an earlier scene shows her going to a clinic) from her father raping her. Ms. Rain, in tears, urges Precious to write for all those who love her. Precious declares that nobody loves her. Ms. Rains says, but people do love you. Precious responds, "don't lie to me, love aint ever done anything for me, it beats me down." But Ms. Rains responds, "The babies love you, I love you." Cut to welfare office, where Precious is kidding with Mrs. Weiss, at one point asking her what race she is (inside joke for Mariah Carey?). In this scene Precious reports that she see's vampires in her room at night who leave through the floor to go to the people down stairs. (not sure if she is actually hallucinating- or just pulling Ms. Weiss's leg) Mrs. Weiss reveals that Mary wants to be reunited with Precious. Cut to the class where Ms. Rains asks what each students dreams are. Precious says that she wants to work and take care of the babies, and reveals that she knows that the welfare center will set up work for her. (She had swiped her file from the welfare center in the earlier scene.) At the welfare center, Precious is sitting and waiting next to the little girl who had pestered Precious and is now sporting a black eye (she obviously is abused at home too). Precious takes out her red scarf from her purse and wraps it around Ruby, making her smile. Precious meets Mary and Mrs. Weiss in a cubicle. Mrs. Weiss wants to know about the abuses. At first Mary displays mock outrage saying that Precious knows better than to have drugs in the house, but Mrs. Weiss says, not that kind of abuse, the physical and sexual abuse. Tearfully Mary lets out that when she was making love with her boyfriend Carl (Preciouss father), Precious (aged 3) was asleep next to them, and the boyfriend would molest and have sex with Precious. Mrs. Weiss asks, how she can let the boyfriend continue to molest and have sex with the three year old. Mary says that how else would she get Carl to love her, to keep Carl from leaving. Marys crying that she feels alone and that Precious stole the Carl's love for Mary and that's why she is hateful toward Precious. She stops crying briefly, while Ms. Weiss sits there looking horrified and Precious sits calmly, her face unreadable. Mary says she was told Precious was writing poems, doing well, then brings in Mongo and says she wants them to be a family. But Precious says no. She explains that on a recent test, she has progressed from a reading score of 2.8 to 7.8, meaning she is reading at near eighth-grade level, that she'll go on to high school and then college. Precious takes baby Mongo and leaves, saying that Ms. Weiss cant "handle me, and you can't handle this". She says that Mary "cant have my baby", and is "not gonna see me no more". Mary pleads with Ms. Weiss to get Precious to come back to her. If there was any doubt before, this scene really shows how mentally ill Mary is. Ms. Weiss responds with understandable horror. The last scene is of Precious walking down the street, carrying Abdul and holding Mongo's hands, showing strength and a possible good beginning for her own little family inspite of her struggles. 
 Mudbound (2017)321) Two men return home from World War II to work on a farm in rural Mississippi, where they struggle to deal with racism and adjusting to life after war. In the aftermath of WWII, somewhere in the muddy Mississippi Delta, two families--one black, the Jacksons, and the other white, the McAllans--are forced to share the same patch of land, keeping a frail race-based peace with each other. However, as they both struggle with hardship and dire poverty, the long-awaited return of two war veterans--Ronsel, the Jacksons' eldest son, and Jamie, Henry McAllan's younger brother--will unexpectedly nurture a budding friendship that transcends prejudice and race. But, in the end, against a backdrop of fevered Mississippi sunsets and vitriolic racism, life can be hard when the law of the land is still segregation and hatred. And then, no one can be safe. Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens on Jamie McAllan (Garrett Hedlund) digging a grave for his father before rain and darkness come. He takes a break while his older brother, Henry (Jason Clarke), takes over. Both of them are working on the grave when the storm hits, and Jamie gets stuck. Henry saves him, despite Jamie's tearful worries he would have left him down there. The next morning we hear a voice-over from Laura (Carey Mulligan), Henry's wife, walking behind the coffin with their two daughters, about how the farm reminds her of mud. Henry and James are struggling with and arguing about how to fit the coffin in the grave. A black family, the Jacksons, drive by with their wagon. Although Laura tries to talk Henry out of it, he asks for their help. Laura's voice over then goes to the year 1939, explaining how she met Henry. Although she can't say she was truly in love with him, she was grateful and saw him as a rescuer and reprieve. Jamie meets Laura when he is coming home from school on the train, and she and Henry are there to pick him up. He is more innocent, clean-shaven, and talking about plays, which he admits is to impress Laura. He continues to shower her with stories at a fancy party and even dances with her, despite having just toasted to Laura and Henry getting married and having children. In her voice over as they dance, Laura admits that she was perhaps in love with Jamie. Henry explains his brother has that effect on girls. Laura explains that Henry's proposal was not what she expected, although, she does seem happy, however, since she admits she likes domestic life, which soon includes raising their daughters, and that she felt she was put on earth for such a reason. The scene shifts from Henry listening to the radio, distraught, as FDR addresses Pearl Harbor, to the Jackson family, saying goodbye to one of the sons, Ronsel (Jason Mitchell), who is giving his voice over about going off to fight in the war. His mother, Florence (Mary J. Blige), also gives a voice over about him going to fight. Ronsel's father, Hap (Rob Morgan), takes a break from working in the fields to talk about how his family worked the land all their lives and died without owning any of it. He seems fixated on acquiring a deed for his own land. Henry casually tells Laura after sex one night that they'll be moving to a farm in Mississippi in two weeks. He tries to tell her how much she and the girls will love it, but she's surprised, as she doesn't recall him ever telling her that it was his dream to have a farm. With the help of Henry's father, Pappy (Jonathan Banks) and his pickup truck, the family moves from their nice suburban neighborhood to a new house which doesn't seem too bad. Someone already lives there though, and the man who took money from Henry has left town. Pappy rants about Henry being a fool after the homeowner shuts the door in their faces. They have no other choice but to live on the farm, despite Pappy's protestations. The scenery quickly becomes different on the way to the dilapidated farmhouse, with a rickety bridge and dirt roads. A poor white family, the Atwoods, who are always shown covered in dirt, also live in the area. The Jackson family is sitting down to dinner when Henry interrupts by demanding help to unload the truck before it gets dark. Henry and Pappy argue about Hap riding in the truck with them, but it's the only way to ensure they can unload before it gets dark. Henry and Laura are both trying to do what they can to set things up, except Pappy who sulks in the corner and then tries to get Laura to give up her piano so he can sleep in the house. Henry and Laura fight over it, but Laura remains firm, and Pappy sleeps in the lean-to. Jamie and Ronsel are both seen fighting in the war. Jamie is an army pilot, telling his co-pilot who has just missed his daughter's birthday that he'll be home to see her soon. Ronsel, in Belgium, is writing a letter to his family about how they are often on the move. Back on the farm, Laura watches on from the porch while Henry fires Carl Atwood (Dylan Arnold) for a mistake with a horse. Carl begs to be kept on since he has kids and another on the way, but Henry is firm. Hap shoots the horse. Vera Atwood (Lucy Faust) later comes to the house with her daughter, Alma, to beg for their job back, but Laura tells her it's Henry's decision, not hers. Ronsel's letter continues about how white people treat black people differently in Europe compared to back home. We see that he has a white girlfriend, showing up at her house with flowers. The McAllan girls are sick with whooping cough, but Henry is unable to get into town to call for a doctor since it is raining too hard. He goes to the Jacksons', interrupting Hap reading Ronsel's letter, to demand the help of Florence, who is a midwife. In her voice-over, Florence talks about how her mother was a nurse to white children, and that in caring for the McAllan girls, and knowing that anything going wrong would be her fault, she understands what her mother went through. The girls do improve though under Florence's care. Florence agrees to work full time for the McAllan family, despite Hap trying to dissuade her from doing so. Juxtaposed with scenes on the farm are Jamie and Ronsel both in trouble. Jamie's co-pilot gets shot in the head through the window and dies while Jamie panics but stays alive. Ronsel is in a tank, where his friend is shot and killed. Another juxtaposition shows Hap falling from a roof, breaking his leg. Four weeks later, Henry comes to check on Hap, who expects to be back soon, despite how the doctor recommended he take six weeks. Henry is unsympathetic though and wants him back on the field for the sake of timing, and because of a rainstorm which had caused delay. Although Hap is hesitant because it means they'll have to owe money, he agrees to rent a mule from Henry for the work. Once Henry leaves, he tries to get out of bed on his own but ends up falling and crying out in pain. Jamie is shown on his bunk, drinking and very distraught about his co-pilot's death. He continues to drink for the rest of the film. When Henry tells Laura that Florence can't come back to work for them for a few weeks, Laura complains Henry didn't tell her, and that he should just lend Hap a mule. He refuses and tells her that they need to make their own money and look out for themselves. Laura acts on her own to take money Henry has locked away in a box, which she uses to send a doctor to take care of Hap. Henry remains angry with Laura though and refuses her advances at night in bed. Laura says in her voice-over that although she didn't always enjoy having sex with Henry, it made her feel like a wife. Jamie and Ronsel are celebrating with women in their own way when the war ends. Ronsel and his girlfriend are sad though as they realize their relationship is coming to an end. Laura says Saturday is her favorite day since it's the only day she feels clean. We can see that she and her daughters have also become constantly dirty, like the Atwoods. Despite how she is bathing, Pappy walks right by Laura. Jamie arrives home. Henry and the girls are delighted to see him, and Pappy comes around a bit after some jokes, but Laura seems caught off guard when Jamie hugs her. Later that night over drinks, Jamie, Pappy, and Henry talk about the war. Pappy says that he was told about Jamie earning high honors, and wants to know how many men he killed, but Jamie brushes off that he was just lucky and doesn't know. Pappy belittles Jamie by telling him that he at least looked the people he killed in the eye. Henry chastises Pappy when he walks away and tries to tell Jamie Pappy is proud of him. Jamie admits to Henry he actually killed about four Germans. Ronsel has to sit in the back of the bus sectioned off for black people, on his way home. He's in his uniform, and a young black boy salutes him with a smile, but Ronsel's voice-over explains how nothing's changed at home. He walks into the store in town, making conversation with the shop owner, with Laura also there to introduce herself. Despite how he's expected to leave through the back door, Ronsel tried to go out the front and is taunted by Pappy, who is with Henry and another man. Ronsel tries to leave calmly, but upon getting riled up lets them know how black soldiers were put on the front lines and killed many Germans and Japanese. Laura prevents Henry from intervening further and Ronsel leaves through the back door. It is now dark when Ronsel comes home, having walked. His father has just said grace, asking for Ronsel to be protected. Ronsel and his father have an emotional reunion. While Hap, Florence, and Ronsel are sitting outside on the porch, Henry shows up to tell them about the incident at the store. Once Ronsel confirms it is true, Hap has him apologize. After Henry leaves, Hap reminds Ronsel that white people will win every time. Jamie leaves the store from buying his own supplies when the sound of a car backfiring sends him to the ground in a flashback while the white people there just stare at him. Ronsel helps him as he's walking by and after they make their formal introductions, Jamie offers him a ride home in the truck. Once they are a safe distance away from town, Jamie convinces Ronsel to come up from the back of the truck to ride inside with him. They talk about their experiences in the war, with Jamie admitting he doesn't like Pappy either, and that he thinks Ronsel is acting stubborn when Jamie is trying to be nice to him after offering him a drink. They toast to the friends they both lost in the war. Hap is practicing his reading at home when he sees Jamie dropping Ronsel off home in his truck, nervous that something else could be wrong, but Jamie offers to give him rides more often. Laura is pregnant again, and Henry seems genuinely excited. Ronsel and Florence have a nice moment while the rest of the family is at an evening worship service. He gives her candy which she tries to save for the other children, but he makes her have it. Jamie's drinking is causing trouble at home too. Laura wakes up in the middle of the night to hear him muttering on the porch in her sleep. He eventually lets her calm him down but runs off in the car when he sees Henry at the door. In a voice-over, Laura says that Henry was always away when something bad happens, when Vera comes to their house, very pregnant, with a knife in her hand. She tries to demand that Laura take her into town since she's going to kill Carl for abusing their daughters. Laura explains she can't drive as Henry took away the keys. She tries to convince Vera to sit with her, but she leaves. Laura later learns that they found Carl's body, with Florence having seen Vera covered in blood after stabbing Carl 17 times. Laura is having a problem with her pregnancy and has one of her daughters get Florence, but still loses the baby. Florence tries to comfort her and tells her how she lost a baby too, Samuel. Jamie and Ronsel continue to hang out and share war stories. Laura is depressed for a time, but slowly gets better and plays the piano again. She also appears genuinely cheered up to discover that Jamie has built a shower for her, as a surprise, to give her privacy. Florence explains in a voice-over that she is concerned for Ronsel, who does seem on edge, except for when Jamie picks him up for them to hang out. When it is just the two of them sitting on the porch late at night, Florence and Hap discuss how they think Ronsel should move, which Hap thinks will make him happier. He and Florence have a nice moment dancing on the porch while they both hum a song. Ronsel and Jamie are out drinking, discussing how they miss certain aspects of the war. Ronsel especially does, since black men were considered liberators and treated better, but that he's just considered a black man back home in Mississippi. In talking about the women he's been with, Jamie deduces that Ronsel was with white women in Europe, and even learns that he had a girlfriend there. Ronsel won't say much about her though. In bed at night, Ronsel gets emotional over holding his girlfriend's cross. On his way back home alone, driving drunk, Jamie has another flashback. He is found the next morning by the sheriff and Henry, his car nearly in the pond. Ronsel sleeps late the next day, with Hap giving him a hard time for having stayed in bed while his siblings worked. His sister hands him a letter from Germany, and he runs off with a smile on his face to read it. Jamie and Henry get into a fight when Jamie spills milk and laughs about it. Henry calls him out for being drunk while Jamie fires back about how Henry can't see that his farm is failing or that Laura is doing badly. Henry says he's going away for a few days, and that he expects Jamie to be gone when he gets back. Ronsel is walking in the mud and pouring rain when a pickup truck starts chasing him. It turns out to be Jamie, getting a laugh out of the trick he played on Ronsel. They're both hesitant to talk about what's bothering them, but when Jamie asks him what's the worst thing he's ever done, Ronsel admits it was leaving his girlfriend and shows him a picture of his girlfriend with a baby clearly fathered by Ronsel, named Franz. Rosnel tells Jamie that his girlfriend wants Ronsel to come back to Germany. The two drive around carefree, drinking, and singing along with the radio. Jamie sees Pappy driving with another man, and it's not clear if Ronsel can hide in time. Upon dropping him off, Jamie tells Ronsel that he is leaving, with the two acknowledging their friendship and Jamie hoping for Ronsel that he gets to go back to his son. They say goodbye, and Ronsel goes home to find just his mother there since the rest of the family is at church. Laura and Pappy are home with the girls. As soon as Jamie walks in, Pappy can tell that Jamie is drunk, and demands to know who was in the truck with him. Jamie admits right away that it was Ronsel and Pappy demands the keys, also antagonizing Laura by pointing out how he can tell Laura likes Jamie. While getting into the truck, Pappy finds the letter on the front seat. At his house, Ronsel realizes that he no longer has it. Florence tries to stop him from leaving until his father gets back, but he takes off. Jamie is packing up, to Laura's surprise since she didn't know he was leaving. She tries to stop him from leaving, on account of her daughters, but also herself. She kisses him, and they end up having sex. Ronsel is outside in the rain at night, distraught, trying to look for the picture, when he is jumped by white men in their trucks. Jamie is asleep in bed when Pappy wakes him, accompanied by members of the KKK. They bring him to a barn full of other white men, where Ronsel is tied, beaten, and with a noose around his neck. Jamie tries to get them to set Ronsel free, and fights with his father, also trying to defend Ronsel to the rest of the men over the picture of Ronsel's girlfriend and his son, but they ignore him while getting Ronsel to admit he fathered the child. Jamie gains control of someone's gun and aims it at his father, but Pappy is correct that Jamie "doesn't have the balls to kill a man up close." Another man gets control of the gun, someone is shot in the leg, and it isn't long before Jamie is on his knees and knocked unconscious. When Jamie is brought to, Ronsel is now naked, bloody, nearly unconscious and tied to the wall, as Pappy and the KKK decide to make Jamie decide what will happen to Ronsel. Jamie is forced to decide on them removing Ronsel's eyes, tongue, or testicles, to which he decides tongue. Ronsel wakes up screaming and struggling, and Jamie is held down, forced to helplessly look on. Ronsel is left tied naked hanging in the barn wen his family finds him. Jamie is dropped off back in bed, still bleeding and barely conscious. The next church service is awkwardly quiet, save for a baby crying. Hap just sits up at the altar, not saying anything, just looking up at the sky. Laura goes to wake Pappy up. Jamie, still bloody, but now awake, is sitting on a chair, as he tells Laura, he killed Pappy. Jamie smothered him with a pillow, but beforehand he woke him up to let Pappy know he wanted to look him in the eye. When Henry arrives home, Laura tells him that Pappy died, but says he did so peacefully in his sleep. We are now back to the beginning, with Hap and Florence driving by, Ronsel in the wagon. Henry asks them for help, to which Hap acquiesces, though he refuses to have his sons help. Hap also gives words over Pappy's grave before getting back in the wagon. Before they leave, Jamie runs over for Florence to give Ronsel the letter, "if you see him," and walks away so that Henry is left to dig the grave himself. Ronsel's voice over explains his nightmares about being in the tank and with a burlap sack over his head, not being able to scream. While walking around in a nice suit in a city, though still appearing unsettling, Jamie says that he hoped "Pappy's untimely death" brought Ronsel's family peace, and for Ronsel to find happiness, though he himself didn't find peace. The Jackson family does appear to be doing well, dressed in finer clothes, at their own house, with Hap genuinely happy. Ronsel's voice-over continues with him talking about how he should end his story, which involved overcoming much as a mute. As he makes his way through Europe, to his girlfriend, and now son who is a few years older, he says he is there this time not for war but for love, and that love is how he chooses to end his story. 
 Rock of Ages (2012)431) A small-town girl and a city boy meet on the Sunset Strip while pursuing their Hollywood dreams. 1987. Naive Sherrie Christian has just arrived in Hollywood from Tulsa looking to become a rock star. She is just like Drew Boley was when he first arrived in Hollywood, he, now the Hollywood veteran, who works as a bar back at the Bourbon Club, known as the center of the rock scene in town and the place where many of the biggest acts in rock got their big break. The two meet as Drew helps Sherrie with a situation when she first arrives in town. Despite Dennis Dupree, the Bourbon's owner/manager, not liking to hire people like Drew or Sherrie - someone who has musical aspirations - as service staff, Drew is able to convince Dennis and his assistant Lonny to hire Sherrie as a server, Drew and Sherrie who have a blossoming mutual attraction. Dennis and Lonny, who are having financial difficulties, are able to convince rock star Stacee Jaxx, the perpetually stoned front man for the band Arsenal who got his first break performing at the Bourbon, to perform for free at a benefit concert at the club. Rumors are that Stacee is leaving Arsenal after their next gig to go solo, Rolling Stones reporter Constance Sack who wants to get the true story as to the reason. Another problem for the Bourbon is that Mayor Mike Whitmore is taking a tough stance on what he sees as bad societal influences like rock music. His Christian fundamentalist wife Patricia Whitmore is leading the on the ground campaign in this area, she who is determined to shut down the Bourbon. But Patricia is hiding a secret from her past as to the reason for her extreme fervor in getting rid of the Bourbon. As Drew and Sherrie's romance blossoms, other romances around them blossom as well. But their romance and their musical aspirations are threatened by trying to stay true to their musical visions, changing musical tastes, and by Stacee himself. Huggo Set in 1987 Los Angeles, Drew and Sherrie are two young people chasing their dreams in the big city. When they meet, it's love at first sight, though their romance will face a series of challenges. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sherrie takes the bus to Los Angeles, and meets Drew when her precious rock LPs are stolen. Drew works behind the bar at the famous Bourbon club, and Drew gets Sherrie a job there too. Drew and Sherrie are both singers; they become close, and Sherrie helps Drew to overcome his stage fright. The club is in dire financial straits and is relying on a gig by the enigmatic and unreliable rock god Stacie Jaxx and his band Arsenal to save them. When the opening act pulls out, Drew and his band get to open the show instead. A fellow waitress warns Sherrie that, once Drew gets into the spotlight, he'll forget about her. Meanwhile Stacie Jaxx is being interviewed for Rolling Stone magazine by a pretty reporter, Constance Sack. He eventually instructs everyone else to leave, and tells her of his existential angst and the loneliness of sex without love. Her resistance to his rock god charm breaks down; she tells him she can meet his needs, and they engage in frantic sexual activity on the pool table. Sherrie is instructed to bring a bottle of whisky to Jaxx. Through a misunderstanding, Drew thinks Jaxx and Sherrie made love, and when Drew comes off stage he rejects Sherrie. Their lives take different courses; Sherrie quits the Bourbon, and desperate for money, she tries several jobs before ending up in a pole dancing lounge -- first as a waitress and then finally as a dancer. Drew is signed by Jaxx' manager, but when PR guys reject rock music as outdated, he is persuaded to join a boy band instead. He and Sherrie sing 'Here I go again on my own'; Jaxx too is shown lying in bed with a random female, thinking of someone else. Drew and Sherrie finally meet again. The misunderstanding is cleared up, and then Drew finds Sherrie's stolen records for sale. He purchases them, returns them to her, and she attends his gig that night -- his boy band are opening for Stacie Jaxx in the Bourbon club. The boy band are booed off, and instead Drew and Sherrie duet on the song that he wrote for her. The song is a great success and catches the attention of Jaxx, who has been dramatically re-united with Constance. Jaxx adopts the song for his mega-band with Drew and Sherrie singing with him on stadium stages. There is also a subsidiary plot in which Patricia Whitmore, the wife of the new mayor, rallies do-gooders to clean up The Strip by shutting down the Bourbon club and Stacie Jaxx in particular. However, it gradually emerges that she is an ex-Jaxx groupie whose passion against him is that of a woman scorned. Her humiliation is complete when Lonny from the Bourbon club produces an old LP with a picture of her as a groupie inside it. She sneaks into Jaxx' final show dressed in sexy black leather and dark glasses. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Opening credits. Sherrie Christian (Julianne Hough) jumps onto a coach. As many others, she is a young lady with her heart full of dreams of becoming successful and a star. She sings in the bus, creating a diologue with a little girl (Dakota Sage Grant), the bus driver (Toni Saiz) and the rest of the passengers (Tamara Jones). Sherrie arrives to Hollywood, and as soon as she leaves the station, she sees a man (Michael Olusczak) being arrested on the streets, and three street prostitutes surround her, recommending her to go back home, because she may end up like them if she pursues her dreams. Cut to Drew Boley (Diego Boneta) who complains of having to work a lot for a minimal wage job. He has to take out the trash of the Bourbon Club, the rock joint where he works. He complains to his workmate Lonny (Russell Brand), because it's never his turn to take out the trash. Lonny tells him that it's the dues he has to pay before becoming a huge rock star in the future. There is quite a frantic crowd at the Bourbon, and a waitress, Beth (Erica Frene) refuses to kiss one of the customers, and she quits on the spot. Sherrie arrives to the Bourbon Club, and walks past the protesters. A rocker guy (Anthony Bellissimo) sees her, and he asks her where she's -she's from Tulsa, Oklahoma-, welcoming her to Hollywood and right away he steals her full of CDs suitcase. Drew tries to stop him, but the thief runs away. Drew comments that he's in a band, and Sherrie says she's too. She says goodbye, but she doesn't know where to go, so Drew offers to ask his boss Dennis Dupree (Alec Baldwin) to give her a job. The only advice Drew gives her is that, whatever she does, she can never mention that she's a singer. They go inside the Bourbon. Dennis looks to be a bit dumb, as he tells Jimmy (Shane Hartline) off because he charged some ladies but they were no ladies, only long-haired rocker young men. In spite of the advice, Sherrie admits to Dennis to be a singer, and Dennis refuses to take her. However, Drew tells him that Beth just quit, so Dennis has to take her. At the city hall, Mike Whitmore (Bryan Cranston) gives his speech for the election as LA mayor. He says that he wants to clean the city, especially of rock 'n' roll, and that he will be do with the special help of his wife, Patricia Whitemore (Catherine Zeta-Jones). Patricia says she will clean the Strip, the area of the city where the Bourbon is. Lonny thinks that Patricia looks really familiar, but can't remember where he's seen her before. He makes a comment that the mayor used to be a rocker, but he sold himself to the system. Drew and Sherrie are at a music shop. Drew talks about why he wants to be a rocker. There is unresolved chemistry between Drew and Sherrie. Drew's problem is stage fright. She will help him if they go in a date. Whitmore's secretary (Celina Beach) makes a gesture for his boss to call her. Patricia wants to kill the Bourbon, because if she cuts the head of the problem, the Strip will die off. Dennis can't pay the taxes, so his all depends on Stacee Jaxx (Tom Cruise), which is really really bad, because, as Lonny reminds him, he's extremely unreliable. Stacee Jaxx is the frontman of the rock band Arsenal, but he's clearly bigger than his band. Dennis calls Arsenal's manager, Paul Gill (Paul Giamatti). Paul reassures that Stacee will be on on Friday and comments that Rolling Stone magazine will interview him on the premises. The tour Manager (Dann Finnerty) panicks because Stacee is asking him to tone down the volume on the radio and the radio is on Stacee's head. There is a long pause before Paul lies and says Staycee's OK. Stacee's bodyguards (Kevin Nash & Jeff Chase) open up the doors for him. It looks as if Paul's entering the palace of an Egyptian pharaoh. Stacee appears from under several groupies (Chantel Gonsalves, Tyne Stecklein, Hanna Lee Sakakibara & Jaimie Goodwin) with whom he's just had sex. Paul tells him that he needs to go to the stage, he agrees and falls to the private Jacuzzi /swimming-pool. At a church, Patricia is focusing on Stacee Jaxx, who is the devil himself for her, who represents sex, hateful music... and sex. Whitmore and his secretary are sitting together, him saying that Patricia's wonderful, and then they go somewhere private. One of the church ladies (Anne Fletcher) says that his son killed a horse because of Stacee Jaxx's influence. While Patricia sings Hit Me with Your Best Shot, the secretary is disciplining Whitmore as a sexual turn-on. Drew and Chico (Angelo Valderrama) talk and he wishes Drew good luck on his date with Sherrie. He sees Lonny wasted, but lets him be. Drew's family thought that he was going to be a loser, so he could be a loser in his hometown. Sherrie grew up with her grandmother, who encouraged to have big dreams and work for them. They share a night view of LA with all lights on. She kisses him because he sings a little of a song he wrote, probably about her. Arsenal (The band: David Gibbs, Mark Dzier, Brev Sullivan & Daniel Wills) with Stacee Jazz as its frontman, are playing, while we see shots of the things Sherrie and Drew do together. Dennis needs to find an opening act in only two hours, and Sherrie suggests Drew's band. Sherrie says that he'll do it for free, and that nobody cares for the opening act anyway. Drew's band (C.J. Tywoniak, Maxwell Terlecki, Robert Reef & Marcus Johns) are overjoyed, and Drew can tell them straight away because they all work at the Bourbon. Dennis complains that nobody seems to work in the bar industry anymore. Another waitress (Vivi Pineda) says to Sherrie that if he is successful, Sherrie will have to kiss him goodbye. Arsenal arrive in a white limo, and a fan (Laurel Levey-Giacomino) screams Stacee! and faints. Paul arrives, and he tells Dennis that he had told Stacee that the gig was last night. Stacee and his monkey Heyman! arrive in style. Stacee says that Dennis and him are survivors, and hugs Dennis, and that they should burn the Bourbon to the ground so that the phoenix can be born again. Sherrie faints when she sees Stacee. Constance Sack (Malin Ackerman) from Rolling Stone has arrived to interview Stacee Jaxx; he is half-passed out as usual, but will give her 5 minutes. He is difficult throughout the whole interview, and asks the monkey to serve him more Scotch, but when she asks him what it feels like to be the Stacee Jaxx, he seems to respond. He sings He is a Cowboy for Constance, referring to himself, and ends up in front of Sherrie, who starts telling him that his music helped her through difficult years; he tells her to go and fetch a bottle of liquor from his limo. Outside, a reporter asks Patricia why she fights rock, and she says it poisons the ears of children. Lonny appears as a demented person taking his tongue out in fornt of the news reporters. Constance tells Stacee that he's doped with drugs and alcohol and that he keeps on singing the same songs over and over again, that he's lost his magic. Paul wants to complain to Constance's editor, but Stacee tells the girls and him out. Stacee wants sex because he's the projection of what people want him to be, and that only love can save him; she is definitely seduced by his words. Stacee and Constance make love on the pool table, but suddenly, she realizes that he's a mistake, so she leaves half-dressed. When she leaves, Paul, who had been waiting outside all the time, tells her that he'll be eagerly waiting for her report on Rolling Stone. At that moment, Sherrie enters, bumps onto Stacee and breaks the bottle of liquor. Lonny introduces Drew's band Wolfgang Von Colt, and before going onto stage, Drew sees Sherrie leaving Stacee's room, thanking him and composing herself, and on top of everything, he is zipping up his pants. Obviously, he thinks they had had sex. Drew enters the stage in shock, but he reacts and makes the public go wild with I Wanna Rock. Paul thinks he's found a new star. Drew drinks and is mad at Sherrie when she congratulates him; what he says infuriates Sherrie, who ends up slapping him. Sherrie thinks it's the spotlight who's stolen him from her. Paul tells him not to go after Sherrie, because he'll give him longer-lasting fame. That night, both Sherrie and Drew quit. Stacee makes the crowd go wild. Drew signs with Paul. Dennis is happy that the huge revenue is going to save his club, but Paul arrives and takes all the money away, in fact, Dennis owes him 6 bucks. Paul argues that he gave Stacee his first gig back in the day, but Paul says that he gave him his first million. Sherrie has no money to pay her room to the manager (Benjamin Malone), but when she's most desperate, Justice Charlie (Mary J. Blige) offers her an umbrella on a cold, rainy night, and a job as a pole dancer at the Venus Club for Gentlemen, but she prefers to be a waitress and earn less money. Patricia will tell the press the truth about the Bourbon: they haven't paid taxes for a year. Whitmore asks her about her obsession with Stacee, and she says that she was pushed to be her lover when she was an innocent girl. Drew signs a record contract while Sherrie tries to find a different job as her waitressing job doesn't pay much. Dennis is depressed because he's about to lose the Bourbon, but Lonny's love, finally made clear, cheers him up. Sherrie hesitates before a travel agency where she sees an offer for a plane ticket to Tulsa. Justice tells Sherrie that, if she pole dances, she is untouchable, and sets the example of Destiny (Anya Garnis) and Sinnamon (Karelix Alicea), who are queens while dancing. Paul presents Drew to some records execs (Constantine Maroulis & Barry Habit), who say that rock is dead, but pop is hot. Drew is not happy with his pop act. Stacee Jaxx is going solo, and his first gig will be at the Bourbon. At that moment, Drew's pop act will be presented as an opening act, and all revenue will go for the Bourbon - Lonny tosses a coin to decide if he and Dennis can trust Paul this time, and whatever it won, it meant they will trust him just this once. When Paul goes to talk to Stacee, he is mad at him because the article on the Rolling Stone, among other things, says that he squeezed every penny from the Bourbon, and he thought he had done the gig for free. The monkey Heyman is throwing things all over the place. Stacee pees on Paul because he doesn't want to waste good liquor hitting him. Sherrie goes back to the place where she and Drew saw the lights of LA, and he's there as well. They clear the Stacee Jaxx misunderstanding up and Drew gives Sherrie a song he wrote about her. Sherrie tells Justice that she shouldn't have come to LA, but then he receives the stolen records as a present from Drew, who bought them. Stacee phones Rolling Stone magazine wanting to talk to Constance, but a secretary (T. J. Miller) understands Cinderella. He tells him that she's at the Stacee Jaxx gig at the Bourbon and that's the first time Stacee knows about it. Patricia is doing her usual thing outside the Bourbon, demonstrating and creating havoc, but Lonny confronts her. Meanwhile, Whitemore and his secretary are at it again. Stacee arrives at the place on his motorbike, and all the news reporters are there, broadcasting live. He faces Patricia and kisses her lustily. That begins to make her crumble, but Lonny shows the inside photo in one of Arsenal's albums, and there she is: a very young Patricia, showing her breasts, and being a groupie of the rock star. The news shocks Whitemore and destroy Patricia's image. Stacee and Constance meet at the Bourbon, but an adoring groupie comes between them, but they passionately kiss again... eventually. The crowd boos off the Guyeezz (Josh Randall, Jack Mountford & Elgin Kos Aponte) and Drew. Drew and Sherrie kiss passionately and they sing the song he wrote for her. Meanwhile, Stacee and Constance are making love. Cut to a gig where Stacee, Sheree and Drew are singing together. Patricia is among the public, in full rock gear. ---written by KrystenClaire 
 The Help (2011)541) An aspiring author during the civil rights movement of the 1960s decides to write a book detailing the African American maids' point of view on the white families for which they work, and the hardships they go through on a daily basis. Set in Mississippi during the 1960s, Skeeter (Stone) is a southern society girl who returns from college determined to become a writer, but turns her friends' lives -- and a Mississippi town -- upside down when she decides to interview the black women who have spent their lives taking care of prominent southern families. Aibileen (Davis), Skeeter's best friend's housekeeper, is the first to open up -- to the dismay of her friends in the tight-knit black community. Despite Skeeter's life-long friendships hanging in the balance, she and Aibileen continue their collaboration and soon more women come forward to tell their stories -- and as it turns out, they have a lot to say. Along the way, unlikely friendships are forged and a new sisterhood emerges, but not before everyone in town has a thing or two to say themselves when they become unwittingly -- and unwillingly -- caught up in the changing times. Walt Disney Pictures In Jackson, Mississippi, in the 60's, the aspirant writer Skeeter Phelan has just graduated and returns home after finding a job writing in a futile newspaper column in the local newspaper. When she arrives home, she finds that her nanny and family's maid Constantine Jefferson is gone. Skeeter sees the chance of writing a book about the relationship of the black maids with the Southern society for an editor from New York. First she convinces Aibileen Clark to open her heart to her; then Minny Jackson is unfairly fired by the arrogant Hilly Holbrook, who is a leader in the racist high society, and Minny decides to tell her stories after finding a job with the outcast Celia Foote. Soon eleven other maids accept to be interviewed by Skeeter that also tells the truth about Constantine. When the book "The Help" is released, Jackson's high society will never be the same. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil The time, the early 1960's, the place, Jackson, Mississippi. Eugenia Phalen - Skeeter to her friends and family - has just graduated from Ole Miss and has returned home in part to take care of her seriously ill mother. Unlike her female friends and colleagues who used their Ole Miss time solely to find a husband, Skeeter, who has never dated or had a boyfriend despite wanting romance in her life, strives primarily for a career, either as a serious journalist or editorialist. In Skeeter's social circle, the family servants, called "the help", are exclusively black. The female servants do the cooking and cleaning, but their primary responsibility is child-rearing. The servants get passed down within families from generation to generation, so the child that they raised ultimately becomes the boss. Fifty-year-old Aibileen Clark is one such servant, who works for Skeeter's easily influenced friend, Elizabeth Leefolt. Skeeter asks Aibileen to help her with her newly acquired job, answering a housekeeping advice column. However, incidents that happen around Skeeter, including her mother seemingly being less than forthright about what happened to their own now absent female servant, the elderly Constantine Jefferson, who raised Skeeter and who Skeeter loved like a mother, make Skeeter come to the decision to write about the experiences of the black female servants in relation to their. Stain, a senior editor with Harper & Row in New York, approves the concept, but she knows that Skeeter getting the servants to talk, which Skeeter ultimately discovers is against the law in Mississippi, will be difficult if not impossible. L, the first and only servant who Skeeter asks, initially refuses Skeeter's request. But incidents around Aibileen ultimately get her and her best friend, Joe Swanson, who has long worked for the Walters family and now works for the daughter Hilly Holbrook, to talk to Skeeter on the sly about their experiences. One of those incidents involves Hilly's "Home Help Sanitation Initiative", which would ban any black servant from using their white employer's washroom. Minny's experiences also include those with Celia Foote, a young woman new to the area who has never had servants, who is now married to Hilly's old boyfriend Johnny Foote, and who is shunned by Hilly and her social circle for supposedly cheating with Johnny while he and she were still dating. Even if Harper & Row or any other firm publishes the book, Skeeter by association any servant who helped her may have a continued rough road ahead in overcoming the resulting wrath, especially by Hilly and her type. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In civil-rights era Jackson, Mississippi, 23-year-old Eugenia "Skeeter" Phelan ( Emma Stone ), a recent graduate of the University of Mississippi and an aspiring writer, attends a bridge game at the home of her friend Elizabeth Leefolt ( Ahna O'Reilly ). Skeeter's girlhood friends have all gotten married and started families, but Skeeter is disturbed to see how they treat their African American maids. Elizabeth's maid, Aibileen Clark ( Viola Davis ), fields a call from "white trash" Celia Foote ( Jessica Chastain ), who wants to help with a benefit being organized by the Junior League. Elizabeth and fellow socialite Hilly Holbrook ( Bryce Dallas Howard ), head of the local Junior League chapter, laugh at Celia's efforts to be accepted, as they don't think she's up to their social standards. (We learn later that Celia's married to Hilly's former boyfriend, which might have something to do with Hilly's attitude.) Celia mentions to Aibileen that she's looking for a maid. After refusing to use Elizabeth's toilet because Aibileen uses it ("they carry different diseases than we do!"), Hilly describes the Home Health Sanitation Initiative she hopes to get passed in the state legislature. The bill would require white-owned homes to have a separate toilet for the Negro "help." This conversation is conducted within earshot of Aibileen. Skeeter has been assigned to write the Miss Myrna housekeeping column for the local newspaper. Because she has never had to do much housework herself, she asks Aibileen for assistance. In addition to doing all the cooking and cleaning for Elizabeth's family, Aibileen is the de facto mother of Elizabeth's toddler daughter, Mae Mobley ( Eleanor Henry and Emma Henry ), for whom Elizabeth shows heart-rendingly little concern. Every day Aibileen tells Mae Mobley, "You is kind. You is smart. You is important." When Skeeter gets home, her mother, Charlotte ( Allison Janney ), is trying on a dress. Charlotte gets Skeeter to try it on and bugs her about still being single. Skeeter mentions the job she landed, and her mother frets that she'll never get married. Charlotte asks whether Skeeter is attracted to women, as she's "heard of an herbal remedy than can cure such 'unnatural' urges." Skeeter is horrified. At dinner that night Skeeter makes a rude remark about liking girls and her mother excuses herself from the table because Skeeter has upset her cancerous ulcer. Skeeter runs to a favorite spot outdoors, a small bench under a tree, and remembers how Constantine ( Cicely Tyson ), the maid who raised her from a child, comforted her when she wasn't asked to a dance. Skeeter desperately misses Constantine, who according to Charlotte quit while Skeeter was away at college. Skeeter can tell there's more to the story, but no one will say what really happened. Disturbed by the sudden loss of Constantine and at how Elizabeth and Hilly treat their own maids with bigoted condescension, Skeeter conceives a writing project: a book about the lives of Jackson's maids. She describes the project to Elaine Stein ( Mary Steenburgen ), an editor in New York, and receives lukewarm encouragement; Elaine doubts that any maids will agree to participate. Skeeter approaches Aibeleen about the book, but Aibileen declines to be interviewed. Hilly's maid, Minny Jackson ( Octavia Spencer ), disobeys Hilly's order not to use the family's bathroom during a violent thunderstorm that makes a trip to the outhouse dangerous. Hilly fires her over the objections of her own mother, Mrs. Walters ( Sissy Spacek ). In retaliation, Minny makes a chocolate pie into which she has baked her own feces, and takes it to Hilly in a fake act of contrition. While Hilly greedily eats two slices, she asks why her mother can't have a slice, to which Minny explains that it's a "special pie, just for Miss Hilly." A moment later Minny tells Hilly, "Eat my shit!" Hilly asks if Minny's lost her mind, and Minny replies, "No, ma'am, but you is about to. 'Cause you just did." Hilly's mother laughs and laughs and Hilly retaliates by having her mother committed to a nursing home. Later that night, Minny's husband beats her while Aibileen listens on the phone. At church the next day, Aibileen hears a sermon about courage and changing her mind, resolves to help Skeeter with her book. She tearfully recounts to Skeeter and Minny the story of her son's death years before: At age twenty-four, Aibileen's son was run over by a truck at his workplace. The white foreman drove him to a colored hospital, dumped him on the ground, honked the horn, and left. By that point it was too late to save him, so Aibileen brought him home, where he died on the sofa right before her eyes. She expresses her pain, saying "The anniversary of his death comes every year, and every year I can't breathe. But to you all, it's just another day of bridge." She becomes even more invested in the dangerous book project. Meanwhile Minny goes to work for Celia Foote, who's had no luck breaking into the Junior League social set and is therefore somewhat isolated. Celia pays Minny under the table because she doesn't want her husband to know that she has no domestic skills. Although she is generally suspicious of white people, Minny finds herself becoming more comfortable around Celia, who is bubbly and treats Minny with respect, but is deeply insecure. Minny improves Celia's dismal cooking skills by teaching her how to make fried chicken on her first day. They bond further when Celia suffers her fourth miscarriage. While Minny helps her into bed and soothes her, Celia is overwrought. She reveals that she married her husband Johnny ( Mike Vogel ) because she was pregnant, but quickly lost the baby and hasn't told him about the three failed pregnancies that followed. She worries that she will never be able to have children. Hilly's new maid, Yule Mae ( Aunjanue Ellis ), explains to her employer that her twin sons have graduated high school and that she and her husband have been saving for years to send them to college. However, they are short $75 on one tuition, and are on the verge of having to choose which son can go. Yule Mae respectfully asks Hilly for a loan, saying that she will gladly work for free until the loan is paid off. Hilly refuses, explaining that it's "the Christian thing" to do because God does not give charity to those who are well and able. While vacuuming Hilly's living room later, Yule Mae finds a ring, which she pockets and later tries to pawn, hoping to get the tuition money. Hilly finds out and has Yule Mae arrested at the bus stop in front of the other maids, all of whom are deeply shaken by the event. Aibileen recruits a reluctant Minny into the book project, but Elaine Stein (who's warming to the idea) insists the book will need at least a dozen voices -- including the story of Skeeter's own relationship with Constantine. After Yule Mae's arrest, nearly all the local maids volunteer to help with the book. Though she has changed the names of everyone involved, Skeeter remains concerned that people will recognize the maids and create more trouble for the Negro community in the wake of the recent murder of Medgar Evars. Minny insists that they include the story about Hilly and the chocolate pie -- which she refers to as her "terrible awful" -- as insurance against being identified; an embarrassed Hilly will not want anyone to know that she ingested her maid's feces and will do all she can to convince everyone that the book isn't about Jackson. Hilly has several times directed Skeeter, who writes the Junior League newsletter, to include an item about her proposed "sanitation initiative," but Skeeter keeps putting her off. Now Hilly adds an item about a charity coat drive, the coats for which are to be dropped off at Hilly's house. Skeeter includes both items, but changes "coats" to something else. The next day Elizabeth gets a call and rushes herself, Mae Mobley, and Aibileen over to Hilly's, where Hilly is screaming, "I told her to write 'coats'! Not 'commodes'!" On Hilly's lawn are about 40 toilets. While Hilly continues her histrionics, Mae Mobley innocently sits on a toilet and Elizabeth slaps her till she sobs. Mae Mobley runs to Aibileen, who holds her and whispers, "You is kind. You is smart. You is important." Skeeter eventually pries the story of Constantine's departure out of her mother: Charlotte fired Constantine because Constantine's daughter Rachel ( LaChanze ) refused to use the back door and embarrassed Charlotte while she was hosting an important DAR luncheon. Charlotte regretted it and tried to get Constantine to come back, going so far as to send her son, Skeeter's brother, to Constantine's new home in Chicago, but by the time he got there, Constantine had died. Skeeter's book The Help is published anonymously, and soon everyone in Jackson is reading it. True to Minny's prediction, Hilly is horrified to find the chocolate pie story therein and goes out of her way to assure her friends that The Help isn't about Jackson. Skeeter splits the advance she receives evenly among all the maids, promising that more is on the way. She's offered a job at the publishing house in New York, which she is disinclined to take, but Aibileen and Minny insist that she must. Stuart Whitworth ( Christopher Lowell ), whom Skeeter has been dating, breaks up with Skeeter when he finds out it was she who wrote The Help. Hilly also figures out who wrote the book and storms over to Skeeter's house in a drunken fury. She threatens to tell Skeeter's mother, but Charlotte kicks Hilly off her property after insulting her and insinuating she knows about the pie. Charlotte tells Skeeter to take the job in New York, which Skeeter does, and Charlotte tells her she's proud of her. Celia works hard to prepare a lavish meal for Minny in gratitude for all she has done. Celia's husband, who has known all along that Minny is working for Celia, tells Minny she will have a job with them for as long as she wants it. Inspired, Minny leaves her abusive husband, taking their children with her. One of the final scenes shows Hilly taking in her mail. One item is a check for $200, a donation from Celia to the Junior League benefit. When she sees that the check is made out to "Two-Slice Hilly," she throws a tantrum and tears it up. Hilly, falsely claiming that Aibileen has stolen some silverware, browbeats the weak-willed Elizabeth into firing Aibileen. When alone with Aibileen, Hilly cruelly tells her that while she cannot send Aibileen to jail for her involvement in the book, she can send her "for being a thief." Aibileen snaps and finally stands up to Hilly, calling her a "godless woman" for her false accusations and for her conniving and backstabbing ways, at which Hilly bursts into tears of rage and leaves. Mae Mobley begs Aibileen not to leave her. They share a tearful goodbye, during which Aibileen repeats her affirming mantra: "You is kind. You is smart. You is important." Elizabeth shows a rare glimpse of emotion, tearing up as she watches Mae Mobley bang on the window, crying for Aibileen to return. As she walks away, Aibileen promises herself that she will become a writer, as her son had encouraged her to do. 