nm0004988:

 Untraceable (2008)431) FBI agent Jennifer Marsh is tasked with hunting down a seemingly untraceable serial killer who posts live videos of his victims on the Internet. As time runs out, the cat and mouse chase becomes more personal. A secret service agent, Jennifer Marsh, gets caught in a very personal and deadly cat-and-mouse game with a serial killer who knows that people (being what they are - both curious and drawn to the dark side of things) will log onto an "untraceable" website where he conducts violent and painful murders LIVE on the net. The more people who log on and enter the website, the quicker and more violently the victim dies. McCormack The widow of police officer Nick Haskins and thus single mother to adolescent Annie Haskins, Jennifer Marsh is also a Special Agent in the cybercrimes unit of the Portland, OR field office of the FBI. Jennifer stumbles upon a website, KillWithMe.com, which is initially more a curiosity in that whoever is behind it, that computer sophisticated person who has set the site up so that external forces seemingly cannot dismantle it or trace it back to its source, live streamed the killing of an abducted cat, with subsequent images from the feed solely of said dead cat. The site becomes more sinister when subsequent live streams are of human torture, with the more hits onto the live stream, the faster the victim reaches his/her ultimate demise in the automatic nature of how the torture is devised. Jennifer, who is assigned lead agent on the case in discovering the site, will work with Portland PD Detective Eric Box. Beyond the technical aspects of following leads, they will have to discover the perpetrator's motivation, if it is just the want for some sort of infamy and as such the victims being chosen at random, or if there is a personal motivation and thus the victims being targeted. They will eventually discover that there is a personal motivation which places their lives, and those of their loved ones, in danger as potential next victims. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jennifer Marsh (Diane Lane) is a widowed single parent living in a suburban Portland home with her daughter Annie Haskins (Perla Haney-Jardine). By night, she works in the FBI's cybercrime division with Griffin Dowd (Colin Hanks), fighting identity theft and similar crimes. One night, an anonymous tip leads them to a website called killwithme.com. The site features a streaming video of a kitten being tortured and killed. After the kitten's death, KillWithMe's webmaster (Joseph Cross) 'graduates' to human victims and makes their deaths correlate directly with the number of hits the site receives. At a press conference, the public is urged to avoid killwithme but, as Marsh feared, this only increases the site's popularity. The videos are recorded in the killer's basement and his various victims include a helicopter pilot (who is bled to death by injections of anticoagulant), a newscaster (burnt by heat lamps) and Dowd (killed by slowly increasing the concentration of sulfuric acid solution in which he is submerged). At first it seems the victims were randomly chosen, but this is not the case. The first two victims were chosen because they were part of filming or presenting the suicide of a junior college teacher. The teacher's unstable, techno-prodigy son, Owen Reilly, broke down and was admitted to a psychiatric hospital. When released, he decided to prove a point (that the public is insatiable for the suffering of others), as well as wreak vengeance on those he felt had exploited his father's tragedy. Dowd was killed because he came close to the truth of who the murderer was. Marsh, who figures this out, is soon targeted as well. Captured by Reilly, Marsh escapes her death-by-mulcher by swinging out of the way while dangling from the ceiling. She ends up breaking free and gunning down the murderer just as the other police show up, Marsh kills Reilly on his own website. As the film ends, the website receives numerous requests for a video of Reilly's death. ************************************************************************* Special Agent Jennifer Marsh (Diane Lane) is a widowed single parent living in a suburban Portland home with her daughter, Annie Haskins (Perla Haney-Jardine). By night, she works in the FBI's cybercrime division with Griffin Dowd (Colin Hanks), fighting identity theft and similar crimes. One night, an anonymous tip leads them to a website called KillWithMe.com. The site features a streaming video of a kitten being tortured and killed. The site cannot be shut down, as whoever created it, knew that someone would try to shut it down, and built into it a fail-safe: everytime the server is closed, a mirror server comes immediately up, in its place. After the kitten's death, KillWithMe.com's webmaster (Joseph Cross) "graduates" to human victims and makes their deaths correlate directly with the number of hits the site receives. At a press conference, the public is urged to avoid KillWithMe.com, but as Marsh feared, this only increases the site's popularity. The videos are recorded in the killer's basement and his various victims include a helicopter pilot (bled to death by injections of anticoagulant), a newscaster (burnt to death by heat lamps while cemented, up to his mid-thigh, into the floor of the basement); and Griffin Dowd (killed by slowly increasing the concentration of sulfuric acid solution in which he is submerged up to his neck). At first it seems the victims were randomly chosen, but this is not the case. The first two victims were chosen because they were part of filming or presenting the suicide of a junior college teacher. The teacher's unstable, techno-prodigy son, Owen Reilly, broke down and was admitted to a psychiatric hospital. When released, he decided to prove a point (that the public is insatiable for the suffering of others), as well as wreak vengeance on those he felt had exploited his father's tragedy. Dowd was killed because he came close to the truth of who the murderer was. Marsh, who figures this out, is soon targeted as well. Captured by Reilly, Marsh escapes her death by rotary tiller by swinging out of the way while dangling from the ceiling. She ends up breaking free and pinning down the murderer, and just as the other police officers show up, Marsh fatally shoots Owen on his own website. As the film ends, Marsh displays her badge symbolically and the scene closes with a shot of the dwindling chatter in the website's chat room, featuring the telling statement "a genius died today", as well as showing a couple of "chatters" that are glad the killer is dead and a final comment, asking whether the video could be downloaded. That was a way nice end to the story. But the reason why FBI Detective Marsh was involved was not thoroughly understood. 
 Orange County (2002)Summaries A guidance counselor mistakenly sends out the wrong transcripts to Stanford University under the name of an over-achieving high schooler. Shaun Brumder is a local surfer kid from Orange County who dreams of going to Stanford to become a writer and to get away from his disfunctional family household. Except Shaun runs into one complication after another starting when his application is rejected after his dim-witted guidance counselor sends the wrong application. So, Shaun goes to great lengths with a little help from his girlfriend Ashley and his drugged-out loser brother Lance to get into Stanford any way they see fit. Matthew Patay Shaun Brumder, a high school senior in Orange County, had two life changing incidents one year ago, which made him focus less on his slacker surfer and beach partying lifestyle and more on his studies, in which he always did well despite placing little effort into it. First, his surfing friend, Lonny, died while trying to catch some extreme waves. And second, while sitting on the beach contemplating life in light of Lonny's death, he came upon a copy of Marcus Skinner's book "Straight Jacket" which was buried in the sand. Reading through that book multiple times was like a light turning on his his brain that he should become a writer. That turnaround in his life has led to him getting a 4.0 GPA in his senior year and being elected class president, which is all in an effort to get accepted into the English program at Stanford where Marcus Skinner is department head. He should be a shoo-in to be accepted there - according to his less than focused guidance counselor, Ms. Cobb - and as such it is the only school to which he applies. But the cosmos seem to be conspiring against him in being accepted. The primary people in his life seem to be working with the cosmos against him in getting into Stanford. Besides Ms. Cobb, they include: Lance Brumder, his constantly stoned older brother; Cindy Beugler, his constantly inebriated mom with who he lives, whose drinking is in an effort to deal with her less than satisfactory life, including marrying Bob Beugler who would not have been her first choice as husband number two if she was just considering herself; and Bud Brumder, his father whose sole foci seem to be his business and providing for his second family, which includes his younger vacuous trophy wife, Krista. Even Ashley, his animal activist girlfriend who will be attending Orange County University in the marine biology program in the fall, admits that she prayed that he wouldn't get accepted so that he wouldn't leave. As hard as Shaun tries to fight the cosmos, the harder the cosmos seems to fight back. In the process of Shaun trying to get accepted, he may come to some other realizations about his life concerning why he is so desperate to go to Stanford. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 King Kong (2005)541) A greedy film producer assembles a team of moviemakers and sets out for the infamous Skull Island, where they find more than just cannibalistic natives. Carl Denham needs to finish his movie and has the perfect location; Skull Island. But he still needs to find a leading lady. This 'soon-to-be-unfortunate' soul is Ann Darrow. No one knows what they will encounter on this island and why it is so mysterious, but once they reach it, they will soon find out. Living on this hidden island is a giant gorilla and this beast now has Ann is its grasps. Carl and Ann's new love, Jack Driscoll must travel through the jungle looking for Kong and Ann, whilst avoiding all sorts of creatures and beasts. But Carl has another plan in mind. Film_Fan At the height of the Great Depression, the visionary but hard-pressed filmmaker, Carl Denham, talks the down-and-out New York City Vaudeville actress, Ann Darrow, into following him to Singapore for his upcoming movie extravaganza. Instead--aboard a weather-beaten tramp steamer, along with the respected playwright, Jack Driscoll--the unsuspecting crew find themselves at the back of beyond, in the impenetrable jungles of the obscure Skull Island: the home of ferocious primaeval relics, and the mysterious land of Kong, the all-powerful eight-metre-tall silverback gorilla. Now, as the monstrous ape holds captive the flaxen-haired protagonist, a handful of valiant but insignificant defenders must fight tooth and nail with formidable adversaries and the isle's mighty ruler, as the manipulative director captures unbelievable raw footage. Can anyone escape from the wrath of the savage King Kong? Nick Riganas Set in the 1930s, this is the story of a group of explorers and documentary filmmakers who travel to the mysterious Skull Island (near Sumatra) to investigate legends of a giant gorilla named Kong. Once there, they discover that King Kong is a real creature, living in a massive jungle where creatures from prehistoric times have been protected and hidden for millions of years. As the explorers search for the great ape, their quest puts them up against both Kong and his dinosaur enemies. Ultimately, it is the attention of a beautiful human woman that soothes Kong long enough for him to be subdued by the explorers and shipped back to New York, where his bleak future involves being put on display in front of humans... but how long can even the mightiest shackles of man hold back an ape 25 feet tall? bondish Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1933, during the Great Depression, vaudeville actress Ann Darrow ( Naomi Watts ) is unemployed and hungry in New York City. When she steals an apple, filmmaker Carl Denham ( Jack Black ) comes to her aid, producing a nickel that she "dropped" so she can pay the vendor. Carl is about to leave on a tramp steamer to finish his latest movie in Singapore, and he has been looking for an actress to replace the leading lady who has dropped out. He convinces Darrow to take the part; she's persuaded when she learns that the script is being written by her favorite playwright, Jack Driscoll. As the ship prepares to sail -- a departure Carl has hurried along because his backers have already pulled the plug on his funding -- Driscoll ( Adrien Brody ) stops by to drop off the script, however he hasn't finished it yet. Carl distracts Jack by writing him a check. The delay is just long enough for the ship to cast off, trapping Jack on board and assuring Carl that the now captive scriptwriter will complete his task. Denham has a map of the mysterious Skull Island, and he pays the steamer captain, Englehorn ( Thomas Kretschmann ), to sail to the island before going to Singapore. En route, Jack Driscoll falls in love with Darrow. Jimmy ( Jamie Bell ), the youngest member of the crew, is reading Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness. He discusses the book with Mr. Hayes ( Evan Parke ), the first mate, observing at one point that "it's not an adventure story." The ship, arriving in a dense fog, actually collides with the island. Carl takes a party ashore, where they discover the ruins of an old civilization and encounter the unsettling natives. At first all they see are old women and children, so they believe themselves to be relatively safe. However, their seeming good fortune doesn't last long; one of the film crew is run through with a spear and dies on the spot. The natives grab the others and just as one of them is preparing to crush Denham's skull, Captain Englehorn and his crew show up and start shooting at the natives. The filmmakers and crew manage to escape back to the steamer, but it's still aground. While they work to free the ship, a native sneaks aboard and kidnaps Ann. Driscoll goes looking for Darrow after finding a skull charm on the deck, only to realize she had been taken. He alerts the others and they prepare to go after her. Darrow is dragged, struggling, through the water and up the rocky shore. She is carried to the top of a huge, elaborately carved rock wall at the edge of the village, adorned with a necklace made of bones and claws, and tied to a wooden framework that tilts out from the wall, carrying her across a gorge to small platform on the other side. Out of the jungle comes Kong, an enormous ape. He pulls Darrow loose and carries her away. The film crew and some of the ship's crew, led by first mate Hayes, go into the jungle to rescue Darrow. The captain gives them 24 hours. The jungle is a dangerous place and several of the rescue party die when they are attacked by dinosaurs, then by giant insects. Darrow's attempts to escape from Kong are futile, so she entertains him with dancing and gymnastics. He enjoys it so much that he won't let her stop, pushing and poking her when she tries to rest. She gets angry and Kong goes away, chastened (in part, it must be said, by a boulder that fortuitously falls on his head). Darrow, losing no time, runs in the other direction. She quickly draws the attention of a carnivorous dinosaur, which gives chase, starting a long and heart-stopping fight sequence in which every escape takes her out of the frying pan into the fire. Kong arrives as the dinosaur corners Darrow; the ape picks her up to take her out of harm's way, only to be faced with a second dinosaur. Displaying tremendous strength and determination, he fends them both off for a while one-handed; when she's knocked out of his hand, he catches her with his foot. The fight carries the four of them to the brink of a vine-festooned gorge, where Kong (never letting go of Darrow) forces first one and then the other dinosaur over the edge. But the second one clamps its jaws on his wrist as it falls, pulling Kong down with it. He finally drops Darrow, who becomes entangled in the convenient vines on way down. So, unfortunately, does one of the dinosaurs, and the pendulum motion brings it dangerously close to her every few seconds. Meanwhile Kong struggles with the other dinosaur, also tangled in the vines some distance below. Darrow eventually falls to the bottom of the gorge, landing in shallow water bordered by grassland, but one of the dinos lands nearby and comes right after her. Kong, however, catches up with it and fends it off again. As the adversaries face off after a brief tangle, Darrow stands between them and backs, reluctantly, to shelter between Kong's feet where the dinosaur can't get to her. Kong kills the dinosaur by prying open its jaws. When he departs, Darrow runs after him; he tosses her up to ride on his shoulder. Later, Kong and Darrow watch the sun set from the top of a mountain and she tells him it is beautiful as she taps her chest to convey how the beauty of it has touched her. Eventually she falls asleep in his hand as he yawns from exhaustion. When the ape falls asleep, Driscoll finds them and, after a battle with huge bats, they escape back to the ruins where the rest of the party have gathered to try to capture Kong. Upset that the woman escaped, a furious Kong pursues them back to the ruins to try to get her back. Darrow begs them to stop and to let the great ape be. When Kong gets near she pleads with him to 'just go back' but he doesn't. He continues to try to get her back. The film crew uses chloroform (supplied by the captain) to subdue him and, after a lengthy struggle, Kong is captured and taken back to New York. In New York, Kong is billed as "KING KONG: The Eighth Wonder of the World" at the Alhambra Theater, where Denham and his producers show the big ape for money. They have hired another woman to play the part of Ann Darrow in a re-enactment of the sacrifice. They reportedly had offered the real Ann lots of money to play the part but she refused. Driscoll comes to the Alhambra looking for Darrow, only to find that she isn't there. As he and Carl's assistant Preston ( Colin Hanks ) look on, Preston tells him that Denham was right -- there is some mystery left in the world, and everyone can have a piece of it for the price of an admission ticket. Driscoll comments that Denham can't help destroying the things he loves. When the curtain goes up, it reveals (to the gasps of the audience) a Kong who seems depressed and lethargic. He perks up a little when they bring out the woman pretending to be Ann Darrow, but he becomes agitated when he realizes she is not the real Ann. Although secured with chains, Kong is lonely for Ann and in a strange and foreign place. Confused and frightened by the crowd and the flashes of the press cameras, he easily breaks free. The audience panics and runs and Kong, who sees and remembers Driscoll, chases him from the theater and gets out into the wintry streets of New York. As passersby scream and run for cover around him, Kong picks up and discards several young blonde women, apparently looking for Ann Darrow. Working at the the De Luxe Theater, Darrow hears the police sirens and people screaming as the ape creates havoc on the streets. When Kong finally finds Darrow -- led to her by Driscoll -- he picks her up and they end up in Central Park where they have a few peaceful, blissful minutes to themselves playing on a frozen lake. Their quiet time ends when the army comes after Kong with artillery shells. Kong takes Darrow and flees to high ground, which in Manhattan means skyscrapers. He climbs to the top of the Empire State Building with her. When the air force attacks, Darrow screams to them to stop but finally the big ape -- having put Darrow safely down -- falls to his death. Around the body of Kong a large crowd has gathered when Carl Denham shows up. "The airplanes got him," says a man. "It wasn't the airplanes," replies Denham. "It was beauty killed the beast." 
 The House Bunny (2008)321) After Playboy bunny Shelley is kicked out of the playboy mansion, she finds a job as the house mother for a sorority full of socially awkward girls. Finding family. Shelley Darlingson was raised in an orphanage, finally happy when she blossoms into a fox and moves into the Playboy Mansion. Unfortunately, she's summarily expelled on her 27th birthday(she's now too old). In desperation she takes a job as house mother for a sorority of misfits losing their house for lack of members. They have but a few months to find 30 pledges, or a sorority of mean girls will take over their place. Shelley figures that girls will pledge a house that boys find interesting, so she sets out to make the Zetas alluring, not act too smart, and host great parties. Can she succeed, and what about her own makeover? Sabotage is everywhere, plus it's hard to be one's self. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Shelley Darlington (Anna Faris) is a Playboy Bunny living the life of luxury. The day after her twenty-seventh birthday, she awakes to find a note from Hugh Hefner asking her to pack up and leave. Saddened, she hits the road looking for a new life, and she happens to see girls who remind her of herself: beautiful and fun. She immediately follows them and sees that they live in luxury ,too. She tells them her situation and asks to join, not knowing that they are in a sorority, and is rejected because she is not a student -- and because the fact that the girls are completely stuck up. She sees there are ladies that watch over the girls and live there also; but, after asking to join them, she is rejected again. Shelley then finds another sorority, Zeta Alpha Zeta, whose members are socially awkward and reject her, too: all except Natalie (Emma Stone), a bespectled virgin who tries her best to lead the Zetas. And once the Zetas see that Shelley is able to attract boys and friends, their antipathy changes. She turns the girls around and teaches them everything they need to know to surpass the other girls. During this process, she meets Oliver (Colin Hanks), and although she can teach everyone else how to flirt, she has to get help from her new "students" in order to interact with him successfully. As the girls of Shelley's sorority become more popular on campus, they realize that they have changed themselves too much to please other people -- and they blame Shelley for that. Just then, the Playboy Mansion calls Shelley to tell her that she was set up and that they never wanted her to leave. It would seem perfect for her to go back to her old life; but when she tries, she sees she cares far too much for her girls, who have come to care for her as well. Shelley decides to fix the devastation that the Phi Iota Mus have wrecked upon the Zeta Alpha Zetas while she was gone, and, with help from everyone, she succeeds. The Zetas, who have decided to try to be a cross between themselves and Shelley's suggestions, also play matchmaker, and manage to fix Shelley up with Oliver. 