nm0011970:

 Young Love: Lemon Popsicle 7 (1987)Summaries Johnny, Bobbi and Benni are looking forward to a summer of hot girls and fast cars--especially when Johnny's parents leave him alone in the house. When his parents are on a holiday Johnny invites his friends Bobby and Benny for a cruise in his fathers Cadillac. But he crashes the car onto a tree; now they need the money for the repair costs. Thus they search for jobs in a beach hotel where there are a lot of good looking young girls... Volker Boehm It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Snow White (1987)Summaries The ageless tale of a beautiful young princess whose jealous stepmother orders her killed so that she will be 'the fairest in the land.' When the huntsman takes pity on her, he takes her to the house of the seven dwarfs. A Prince, seeking the greatest treasure, stumbles upon seven little men guarding a coffin. They tell him the story of Snow White (Sarah Patterson), a beautiful princess who was forced to run away from home after her jealous stepmother tried to have her killed. When she realizes that the girl is still alive and living with the dwarfs, she sets out to destroy her only rival once and for all. Max Vaughn/Reid Taylor It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Revolutionary II (1996 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 All My Loving (1986)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 