nm0000363:

 Say Anything (1989)651) A noble underachiever and a beautiful valedictorian fall in love the summer before she goes off to college. High school senior Lloyd Dobler wants nothing more than to go out with beautiful and intelligent Diane Court. Lloyd attempts to win her heart over the objections of her over-protective father before Diane leaves for a scholarship in England. Scott Renshaw <as.idc@forsythe.stanford.edu> Diane Court and Lloyd Dobler have just graduated from Lakewood High School in Seattle. Overachieving Diane, who probably does not realize how beautiful she is, was the class valedictorian. She strives for excellence in everything she does as a natural course, resulting in not having a social life, although she could probably get any boy she wanted despite feeling socially awkward herself. She lives with her divorced father, Jim Court, who owns a nursing home, who dotes on Diane and who does whatever he needs to validate her being the best. Diane receiving a prestigious fellowship to study in England in the fall is just the latest validation that she indeed is at the top of the pyramid. An army brat, Lloyd recently returned to the US to finish high school, he now living with his single mother sister Constance while their parents remain stationed in Germany. Lloyd, who does kick-boxing as a hobby, has no career aspirations, only knowing that he wants to do something great. His only short term aspiration is to date Diane, despite the improbability, it generally seen that she is out of his league. With the fellowship in hand, Diane lets her social guard down for the first time in her life in accepting Lloyd's offer of a date, despite she not even knowing who he is. Following that date, Lloyd wants to spend as much time with Diane in the next sixteen weeks before she leaves. Diane, who likes Lloyd and who finds that she now regrets not having that social life with her high school colleagues, has to decide if Lloyd does fit into her life at this crucial time just before she is about to leave. What happens is also dependent on her father, not only in he perhaps seeing any boy, but even more one like Lloyd who does not have the same future outlook as he has for Diane being merely a distraction, but something that happens in his own life. Lloyd figuring out what that something great as something to do may also factor into what happens. Huggo The unambitious teenager Lloyd Dobler has a crush on the gorgeous bookworm Diane Court and decides to invite her to date him in the high-school graduation party and she accepts. Lloyd is living with his sister Constance and has no plan for his future. The objective Diane lives with her father James Court, who is the owner of a retirement home, and has just received a scholarship from a British college. Soon they fall in love with each other but James is investigated by the IRS agents and convinces Diane to break up with Lloyd and travel to England. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil An improbable couple meets after high school graduation and must deal with their friends, family, and other pressures just to stay together. Lloyd Dobler is an average kickboxer with a good heart but limited ambition. Diane Court is an aloof genius who is very closely protected by her father. When Diane gets a scholarship to study in England, she has a weighty decision to make. Jeremy Rasmussen <jr@intrepid.uunet.uu.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is graduation day, 1988, for a Seattle high school. Lloyd Dobler tells his girl friends Corey and DC that he is going to ask out class valedictorian Diane Court. They tell him he is crazy, because she is a "brain" and he is not. As Diane is getting driven to graduation by her father, she is practicing her speech. Her father, James, is extremely supportive, telling her that it is funny and everyone is bound to love it. At graduation, Diane's speech is a bit of a bomb. Nobody laughs and the only people in the audience who appear to be interested in it are Lloyd and Diane's father. In the speech, she talks about how she is fearful of the future. Lloyd keeps telling his friends about how much he loves Diane's eyes. After graduation, we see Diane receive a new car from her father as a graduation present. Meanwhile, Lloyd gets his friends to take a photograph of him as he walks behind Diane. Later that day, Lloyd gets the courage to call Diane. He invites her to a graduation party, and much to his surprise she agrees, even though it is unclear if she even remembers who he is. After the phone call, she is shown looking into her yearbook, and expressing surprise when she sees Lloyd's picture. Shortly afterwards, Diane's father gets a letter explaining that Diane has won a fellowship that will allow her to go to university in England. She will therefore be leaving in 16 weeks. Apparently this fellowship is only given to one student in America, so this is a huge honor. Lloyd picks her up for the party wearing a khaki trench coat. She is wearing a white skirt and matching blazer with a purple flower in her hair. Lloyd meets Diane's father and is very gentlemanly and polite. Upon arrival at the party, people are intrigued by the fact that Lloyd has shown up with Diane Court. It appears as if this is the first time that Diane has ever socialized with anyone, and they seem pleased that she showed up. It seems that while her classmates admired her, very few know her level at all. Lloyd is given the task of "keymaster", which means he has to spend the entire party holding a bag of car keys; he can only give them back to the drivers if they are sober. Diane and Lloyd do not spend the party next to each other, but at various points, Lloyd does check up on Diane, which she seems somewhat pleased by. When the party ends, there is one kid who is too drunk to drive. Diane and Lloyd drive him home, but it takes them three hours to find the guy's house. Lloyd doesn't end up delivering Diane home until dawn. The two do not kiss on this first "date", and her father is not upset by the late return, because she had called him while at the party to let him know where she was. It is clear by this point, that Diane likes Lloyd more than anyone might have expected. They arrange a second date: a dinner party with Diane's father and some of his colleagues from a senior citizen home, which he manages. Lloyd's friend Corey tells him to keep his mouth shut during dinner, which he mostly seems to do. At one point, Diane and her father tell a story about when Diane tried to board a plane once, but got so scared that her father had to tell the pilot to turn the plane around before it took off. Lloyd remarks that he is amazed by the closeness of Diane and her father: that he has nothing like that in his life. When asked what his dreams are for the future, however, he disappoints the adults by not having any ambitious dreams. He tells them that he just wants to spend as much time as possible with Diane and is interested in kickboxing. Midway through the dinner, two men come to the door to inform Mr. Court that he is under investigation from the IRS. He gets agitated and tells them to visit him at his office. The film progresses with scenes showing us that Lloyd and Diane are gradually getting more and more friendly with each other. At the same time, it is clear that there is a considerable stress surrounding the IRS investigation. Diane tells Lloyd that she is just too stressed out to get into anything deep with Lloyd. They agree to be "friends with potential." This status changes while Lloyd is teaching Diane how to drive stick shift. She is barely catching on, but enjoying the process. At one point, the two get quite close and Lloyd plants a kiss on her, which she accepts. They kiss a few more times and then decide to drive to somewhere more private. Eventually, we see Diane and Lloyd parked in Lloyd's car by the sea. The two appear to have had sex underneath some blankets in the back seat. Diane remarks how Lloyd is shaking. She thinks it is because he is cold, but he explains it is because he is so happy. On the radio is Peter Gabriel's "In Your Eyes". She tells him to listen to the song, because it is so nice. In the morning, Diane arrives home to a dad who is quite upset with her. Unlike the previous all-nighter, she failed to call him this time around. At this point she mentions how she feels free to "say anything" to her dad, and so tells her dad everything about her and Lloyd's relationship. She explains that she first wanted to avoid doing anything serious like sex with him, but in the end, she decided to go for it. While her father isn't upset at her, he clearly isn't thrilled to be hearing this from his daughter. This added strain between Diane and her father seems too much for her to handle. Her father suggests that she break up with Lloyd, to help make her life simpler. He suggests that she could give him something for him to remember her by, such as a pen, which he gives her. Next time we see Diane and Lloyd driving around, she breaks up with him. She is clearly upset about doing this, but goes through with it, and does give him the pen before exiting his car. Lloyd is quite upset. He leaves seven messages on her machine and in what is the iconic scene, stands outside her bedroom window playing Peter Gabriel's "In Your Eyes" from a boom box which he holds above his head. Diane hears this, but only lies in her bed. Lloyd calls her one more time. We watch as Diane and her father listen to Lloyd's message. From Diane's reaction, it is clear that she is still very much attracted to Lloyd. Her father tells her to just pick up the phone, but she replies that if she did, she would just get back together with Lloyd. Eventually, she can't resist and picks up the phone, but just as Lloyd hangs up. By now the IRS investigation is heating up. Diane goes to the investigator's offices and demands that someone tell her what is going on. The man tells her that they believe that Mr. Court has been stealing money from the residents at the senior home when they die. He then hides the money in the form of cash and collectibles in the house. Diane is shocked and does not believe it. She goes home and starts searching the house for the supposed cash. Meanwhile, we the audience are able to see that the house is filled with the kinds of collectibles that the investigator tells her about. Prominently displayed is a Wurlitzer jukebox, which we previously learned cost Mr. Court $9,000. There is a Persian rug, and Diane stops to notice the fancy ring that her dad gave her as a graduation present. Eventually she opens up an antique box that her dad kept in his office, and discovers a stash of thousands of dollars. She confronts her dad, who tries to deny it. She is angry that, while she always told her father "anything" he is unwilling to come clean. He breaks down and admits that he was taking their money. He tries to justify it by saying that it was all done for the sake of Diane. While Lloyd is engaged in a kickboxing training match at the gym, Diane comes by to ask for forgiveness. She tells him that she loves him. Meanwhile, we see two lawyers negotiate a deal. Mr. Court will be fined and serve a year of prison time, starting immediately. We next see Lloyd meeting Mr. Court in prison. Diane is in the car, while Lloyd hands over a letter. It appears as if Diane is about to go to England. Surprisingly, we also learn that Lloyd is going to go to England with her. Eventually, Diane comes out of the car and does finally hug her father goodbye. Before leaving, she tells him to write her, and leaves the pen she had previously given Lloyd in her father's hands. The film ends with Diane and Lloyd on a plane together. A previous scene in the film indicated that Diane has never flown, and is very fearful of the experience. Lloyd tries to calm her down by telling her that most accidents happen in the first minutes of a flight. As soon as the "fasten seatbelt" sign goes off and a "ding" sounds, though, he tells her that everything is OK. The two are shown holding hands anxiously awaiting the ding. At the point that we hear the ding, the screen goes black, and the credits roll. 
 Enemy of the State (1998)431) A lawyer becomes targeted by a corrupt politician and his N.S.A. goons when he accidentally receives key evidence to a politically motivated crime. Robert Clayton Dean (Will Smith) is a mild-mannered lawyer who works in Washington, D.C. He is on the trail of a kingpin named Paulie Pintero (Tom Sizemore). Meanwhile, a politician named Thomas Brian Reynolds (Jon Voight) is negotiating with Representative Phillip Hammersley (Jason Robards, Jr.) about a new surveillance system with satellites. But, Hammersley declines; Reynolds has Hammersley killed, but the murder is caught on tape, and the taper is chased by Reynolds' team of N.S.A. Agents. The guy must ditch the tape, so he plants it on Dean (unbeknownst to Dean). Then, the N.S.A. decides to get into Dean's life. That is when Dean's life began to fall apart all around him, with his wife and job both gone. Dean wants to find out what is going on. Then, he meets a man named "Brill" (Gene Hackman), who tells him that Dean has something that the government wants. Dean and Brill formulate a plan to get Dean's life back and turn the tables on Reynolds. John Wiggins Robert Clayton Dean (Will Smith) is just a successful and gutsy labor lawyer when he runs into an old college friend who was a big hurry. Unbeknownst to him, that friend secretly drops a disc and viewer containing footage of a political assassination overseen by the senior advisor to the National Security Agency. Unfortunately, that politician soon learns what Dean has in his possession and secretly uses the vast resources of the N.S.A. to find, investigate and stop him before he goes public. Soon, Dean finds himself on the run, with his assests frozen, his loved ones watched and actively hunted by N.S.A. Agents using all the survellience technology they have available. Not knowing what is going, Dean must stay one step ahead while trying to figure out the cause of this mess. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Congress is close to passing legislation to expand surveillance powers of law enforcement agencies. Congressman Phil Hammersley (Jason Robards) is trying to stop the bill because he believes it is an invasion of privacy, while Thomas Reynolds (Jon Voight) is trying to push the bill through to confront growing terrorist threats against the U.S. and advance his own career. Hammersley, on making it clear he will not reconsider, is then killed with a syringe to the neck near a lake by David Pratt (Barry Pepper), one of two rogue NSA agents loyal to Reynolds, who plant a bottle of heart medication near the body to make the death seem like a heart attack. On hand to witness such is Hicks (Loren Dean), Reynold's number two in the NSA. However, a video camera set up by wildlife researcher Daniel Zavitz (Jason Lee) to monitor goose migration in the area caught the entire incident. When Zavitz views Hammersley's murder, he realizes that the news reports of a sudden heart attack are false and sends word to a friend of his, an anti-war activist and underground journalist. Zavitz is unaware that another of Reynolds' agents saw him retrieve the tape from the video camera, alerting them that Zavitz could have possibly videotaped the murder. He copies the tape onto a computer cartridge, and when NSA agents arrive, he hides the tape in a TurboExpress and escapes. Tracked by satellite and pursued by NSA agents, Zavitz bumps into an old friend from Georgetown University, labor lawyer Robert Clayton Dean (Will Smith) who is in a lingerie store shopping for a gift for his wife. Dean has just come from a meeting with mafia members who control a labor union he is representing and beat up one of the members for not toeing the line. He has raised their ire by showing them a videotape of boss Paulie Pintero (Tom Sizemore) consorting with union officials, in violation of his parole. Pintero threatens to kill Dean within a week if he does not give them the name of the source. While Dean hands Zavitz his business card, Zavitz drops the cartridge with the murder footage into Dean's shopping bag (without Dean's knowledge) and then flees. Pursued by NSA agents, Zavitz jumps onto a bike and rides down a busy street, where he is hit and killed by a firetruck. After finding Dean's business card on Zavitz's body, following the killing of the journalist Zavitz alerted to cover their tracks, the agents visit Dean posing as detectives from the Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia. Unaware that Zavitz gave him the video, Dean tells them he has no knowledge of their allegations that he was passed "sensitive materials," denying them access to his bags without a warrant. Dean then tries to find these materials, but unbeknownst to him, his son had already removed the device from his shopping bags. The next day the NSA agents break into Dean's house looking for the tape. While they do not find it, they plant tracking bugs in his clothes and personal items. They also plant audio and video bugs throughout his house, while ransacking it to cover their tracks and bugs. The NSA smears him with a false story about a love affair with Rachel Banks (Lisa Bonet), an old girlfriend who acted as an intermediary between Dean and her contact "Brill", the source of the mafia tape. He is fired from his law firm and thrown out of the house by his wife. When he attempts to check into a hotel for the night, he learns his credit cards have been canceled and somebody has stolen his attach case. Believing that all his trouble started with the mafia tape, he meets up with Rachel to have him set up a meeting with "Brill". With Reynold's men listening in, they set up a fake "Brill" (Gabriel Byrne) to meet Dean to ascertain the whereabouts of the murder footage. He is quickly helped by a stranger (Gene Hackman) escape this agent and taken to a hotel rooftop. The man is retired NSA agent Edward Lyle, the real "Brill", who shows him the bugs that have been planted in his belongings, and tells him the NSA is after him. When NSA agents chase Dean through the hotel, Dean escapes by climbing on the balconies from the roof, in the process removing his bugged clothes and stealing a robe, then setting the janitor's storage closet on fire to activate the fire alarm. While Dean is being transported to the hospital for smoke inhalation, he steals a cop's gun, escapes from the ambulance and runs down a tunnel. The NSA agents are able to watch him by impersonating the DC Metro Police and having Tunnel Control relay to them Dean's movements on their security cameras. Dean escapes by giving his robe to a person doing street sweeping. Dean heads home and is able to convince his wife that he never had an affair with Rachel and, after telling her everything, he realizes that his son must have gotten hold of what Zavitz was trying to give him and quickly retrieves it. Dean then finds out that Rachel had been killed by Reynolds's team (to frame him for murder) by planting the clothes he took off at the hotel in Rachel's apartment. He and Brill make contact and finally discover that they possess the murder video -- just minutes before it is destroyed in an attack by the NSA. Reynolds's team tracked them down after Dean carelessly made a phone call at a nearby convenience store. While on the run, Brill reveals that he served as Rachel's contact because he and her late father worked together in the Shah's Iran and her father was murdered in the aftermath of the Iranian Revolution. When Dean says he will not leave his family per Brill's suggestion, they decide to engage in some guerrilla warfare against the rogue NSA agents. They use covert technology methods on a supporter of the surveillance bill, Congressman Sam Albert (Stuart Wilson), similar to those used on Dean, that catches him having an affair with his aide and exposes an illegal NSA operation to the NSA's top brass. They also plant evidence that Reynolds is corrupt and having an affair, which angers his wife, and gets his attention so they can arrange a meeting with him. Their plan is to incriminate Reynolds by recording his conversation with Brill about the conspiracy on tape, but Reynolds is able to stall them without revealing any incriminating evidence. Dean and Brill are captured, and it is apparent that they will be killed in order to eliminate any witnesses. However, Fiedler (Jack Black) audiotapes the conversation between Reynolds, Brill, and Dean. Dean turns the tables by claiming that the leader of the Pintero mafia family has the tape Reynolds is after. This leads the conspirators back to the Italian restaurant that Dean visited earlier in the movie, which he knows is under surveillance by the FBI. Dean then convinces Pintero that Reynolds made the tape of his meeting with the union leaders. Reynolds believes that the tape in question documents the Hammersley murder. The situation quickly becomes a Mexican standoff between the agents and mobsters, escalating into a firefight when one latecomer agent is suddenly shot by staff. Dean and Brill are among the few survivors. Reynolds, Hicks, Pratt and nearly all of the rogue agents involved in the conspiracy, and most of the mobsters including Pintero are killed. The FBI sweeps in and the plot behind the legislation is soon exposed. The only two surviving conspirators, Fiedler and Jamie (Jamie Kennedy) are taken into custody by the FBI, and the NSA's involvement is covered up by the FBI, including falsely implicating the late Pintero as the one who killed Rachel Banks. Sam Albert informs the media in an interview that the bill did not pass the legislature, and Dean is cleared of all charges and returns home with his wife, while Brill, who escapes to exile in a tropical location, sends a friendly message to Dean via his television set. 
 Apollo 13 (I) (1995)761) NASA must devise a strategy to return Apollo 13 to Earth safely after the spacecraft undergoes massive internal damage putting the lives of the three astronauts on board in jeopardy. Based on the true story of the ill-fated 13th Apollo mission bound for the moon. Astronauts Lovell, Haise and Swigert were scheduled to fly Apollo 14, but are moved up to 13. It's 1970, and The US has already achieved their lunar landing goal, so there's little interest in this "routine" flight.. until that is, things go very wrong, and prospects of a safe return fade. Rob Hartill This Hollywood drama is based on the events of the Apollo 13 lunar mission, astronauts Jim Lovell , Fred Haise and Jack Swigert find everything going according to plan after leaving Earth's orbit. However, when an oxygen tank explodes, the scheduled moon landing is called off. Subsequent tensions within the crew and numerous technical problems threaten both the astronauts' survival and their safe return to Earth. Jwelch5742 A movie based on what was to be the third lunar-landing mission. This film shows the trials and tribulations of the Apollo 13 crew, mission control, and families after a near-fatal accident cripples the space vehicle. A mission that couldn't get TV airtime because space flights had become routine to the American public suddenly grabbed the national spotlight. This is a tale of averted tragedy, heroism and shows a testament to the creativity of the scientists who ran the early space missions. FMJ_Joker It had been less than a year since man first walked on the Moon, but as far as the American public was concerned, Apollo 13 was just another "routine" space flight--until these words pierced the immense void of space: "Houston, we have a problem." Stranded 205,000 miles from Earth in a crippled spacecraft, astronauts Jim Lovell, Fred Haise and Jack Swigert fight a desperate battle to survive. Meanwhile, at Mission Control, astronaut Ken Mattingly, flight director Gene Kranz and a heroic ground crew race against time--and the odds--to bring them home. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Based off of real events of one of the worst NASA tragedies. In 1971, NASA plans to send out people to the Moon for a lunar mission. They have chosen astronauts Jim Lovell, Frad Haise, and Jack Swigert. They have launched into outer space successfully, however, a slight fault from inside the space module caused an explosion that turned the exploration into a test for survival for the crew of Apollo 13. While Loveel, Haise, and Swigert try to survive in space, the workers at NASA, (including Ken Mattingly) try to figure out a way to get the astronauts home safely. John Wiggins Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens on July 20, 1969, in the home of astronaut Jim Lovell (Tom Hanks). Jim and a number of other NASA families are gathered to watch the moon walk by Apollo 11's astronauts. Later on, Jim contemplates how close he came to the moon when he was orbiting it on Apollo 8, and thinks about one day setting foot on the moon, as his wife Marilyn (Kathleen Quinlan) tries to keep from thinking of her husband going off on another mission. Some months later, Jim is informed that due to an ear-infection by one of the Apollo 13 crew, he and his crew members have been bumped up to become the Prime Crew for the mission. Marilyn has some misgivings, given the shortened schedule (and that the mission number is 13), but Jim is confident they'll be ready. Jim works with his crew members Fred Haise (Bill Paxton) and Ken Mattingly (Gary Sinise), and the three seem well prepared for their mission. It is shortly before the launch, that Marilyn hints to Jim about her misgivings about the flight, but Jim assures her she's going to miss a great show. After their discussion, Jim and his crew members attend a small press conference, where they discuss the different ways that the number '13' has worked into the launch (Apollo 13, launching at 1300 hours and 13 minutes, and orbiting the moon on April 13th). Jim also surprises the press and the crew, when he declares that the mission will also be his last. With days before the mission, the Flight Surgeon reveals that a member of the backup crew has the measles, and the primary crew has been exposed to it. The Flight Surgeon feels that since Ken Mattingly has not had the measles before, he is in serious risk of becoming sick during the mission. Jim is then given a choice: he can have Ken Mattingly replaced with his backup, Jack Swigert (Kevin Bacon), or the Apollo 13 crew as a whole can be pushed back to a later mission. Though he is upset by the choices, Jim chooses to replace Ken. Jack is called and celebrates when he finds out but Ken is devastated when both Jim and Fred give him the news. The crew continues to train in the simulator with Swigert, though they are not as confident in Jack's piloting skills as Ken's. Even so, Jim promises they'll be ready for the launch. On the day of the launch, Ken watches from a distance as the rocket takes off, with Marilyn Lovell and Fred Haise's wife Mary (Tracy Reiner) in attendance near the launch site. The launch is a success and Marilyn and Mary are relieved when the Saturn V rocket carrying their husbands makes it into space. Eventually, the crew are able to successfully dock the Command Module with the LEM (Lunar Excursion Module), Swigert's piloting skills being up to the task, and the mission continues toward the Moon. The crew also broadcasts a video of being inside the craft, but due to feelings that moon missions aren't exciting anymore, none of the television networks carry the transmission. Shortly after the video feed, the crew makes some 'housekeeping procedures' on the ship, Jim Swigert is asked to stir the oxygen tanks. Suddenly, a loud bang is heard, and the ship begins to pitch out of control, with the system buttons lighting up, and the oxygen tanks beginning to fail. Mission Control (led by Gene Kranz (Ed Harris)) springs into action, attempting to work the problem from the ground. Lovell reports, amid all the confusion, that the service module is leaking oxygen. At the insistence of EECOM member Sy Liebergot (Clint Howard), it is suggested to shut down the fuel cells to prevent further leakage. However, this move comes at a price: if the fuel cells are closed they cannot be reopened and the moon landing will not happen. The procedure is met with some trepidation by Jim Lovell, but the crew makes the move...only for the oxygen level in the Command Module to continue to plummet. With 15 minutes of oxygen remaining in the Command Module, an emergency transfer is made to transfer the flight computer's information and the astronauts into the LEM, utilizing it as a lifeboat. The crew moves through the 3-hour powerup procedure for the LEM in record time, relying on data they have to draw from the Odyssey's flight computer and help from the Mission Control ground crew to check their arithmetic for their course headings. Eventually, the crew are secure in the LEM and control is reestablished to the Odyssey, and Gene Kranz and his men attempt to figure out the best way to bring the men home. While some are for a 'direct abort' (having the crew turn the ship around and head back to Earth immediately) using the Command Module, Gene says it's too risky to light its engine, as they don't know to what extent the 'explosion' that was reported has affected the craft. The plan is for the moon's gravity to slingshot the crew around, and once they come around, they'll fire up the LEM's engine to send them home. The men who designed the LEM do caution that their craft was not designed for what is being proposed, let alone holding 3 men instead of 2. Even so, Gene insists it's the only option they have that's workable. Meanwhile, Marilyn Lovell attempts to keep herself together and be strong for her family. At one point NASA media spokesman Henry Hunt (Xander Berkeley) asks Marilyn if the news stations can set up an antenna on her front lawn. She harshly refuses, saying that they can talk to Jim himself after he comes home. On the craft, the crew passes into the dark side of the moon, and soon passes back around. Though Haise and Swigert are excited to see their landing site below and Jim imagines his own walk on the moon's surface, Jim informs them that they still need to prepare to return home. It is during this time, that the men at Mission Control have determined that there's only 45 hours worth of power left on the craft, which is not enough to bring them home. This information is corrected by John Aaron (Loren Dean), who insists that they are using more power than the calculations have estimated and that it will be drained completely in 15 hours. John says that the crew has to shut off nearly everything, including their navigational computer, and get the use of power down to 12 Amps (aka amperes). Gene approves, but then tells the others to do further research, including simulator time to work on a power-up procedure for re-entry. Ken Mattingly, who'd isolated himself at home and had missed all the news about the mission being crippled, is called in, and begins to do simulator work. Ken figures that if they can eliminate unneeded procedures from the checklist, he can most likely get the men back with the limited power they have. He orders the simulator team to give him the same conditions and equipment that the Odyssey crew has and begins to work long hours without any breaks to figure out a procedure. Shortly after, a new problem is found when it is determined that all three men in the LEM are using up more oxygen and producing more carbon dioxide than expected. Fred Haise realizes that he made an error when he calculated oxygen reserves for only himself and Jim since they were going to be the only 2 using the LEM. The ground team realizes that the LEM filters are round, and the only other filters on the craft (for the Command Module) are square. A team is put together to create a filtration system from the limited supplies on the craft itself. The team works feverishly to build a new filter. On the spacecraft, the crew get into a short argument when Jack brings up a distant re-entry factor and Fred suggests that Jack had caused the accident when he stirred the oxygen tanks. Lovell gets them both to back down, saying that arguing and blaming each other will get them nowhere. They receive a call from Houston alerting them to the oxygen problem just as the CO2 saturation light comes on and work together quickly to build the filter the ground team designed. The procedure is a success and the filter cleanses the air supply in the ship. When it is determined the crew needs to do a 'manual burn' to correct their trajectory back to Earth, Jim and the crew time a difficult 30-second burn using only rudimentary physics: the course computer had to be shut down to conserve battery power and they can only navigate by using one of the LEM's windows by keeping the Earth positioned in it. All 3 work together to pilot the ship and the burn is successful. With their course corrected, Jim and the crew are eager for the power-up procedure, but are told that it is still being completed. However, there is some hope when Mission Control mentions that Ken Mattingly is working on the problem. The crew are cold since the heaters had to be shut down and Haise begins to feel ill and runs a moderate fever. Ken has streamlined his work as best he can, but the procedure is still going over by 4 amps. It is then that Ken proposes that some of the excess power still in LEM can be reversed into the Command Module. Though power will be lost in the transfer, the amperage needed is found to be enough to complete the procedure without the system losing power. Ken and his comrades quickly rush over to Mission Control with the procedure. Ken helps guide the exhausted Jack Swigert through the power-up, while Jim and Fred add ballast into the Command Module pod, which is underweight since the planned addition of moon rock samples from the mission did not happen. With Ken's instruction, Jack gets the Odyssey's systems up and running again. The crew then jettisons the service module from the ship. As it drifts off, the astronauts record and comment on what they see: a entire panel of the craft was blown out, and may have damaged the heat shield of the Command Module pod, creating a new potential problem that the Odyssey won't be able to survive the intense temperature of re-entry into Earth's atmosphere. Eventually, the LEM is cut loose, and the crew prepares for re-entry. For a brief moment, Jack thinks Jim will pilot the Odyssey himself but Jim returns control of it to Jack, saying he'd only sat in the pilot's seat out of habit. Meanwhile, around the world, numerous people wait to see if the three men will make it back. Friends and relatives of Marilyn gather at her home to watch the news coverage. As the men begin their re-entry, contact is lost, and a countdown to 3 minutes begins (the average time it takes astronauts to emerge from 'black out'). However, after 3 minutes, no word is heard when Ken Mattingly radios the crew. The time then stretches agonizingly into 4 1/2 minutes, before suddenly Jim Lovell's voice is heard, and a video feed shows the capsule with its parachutes deployed. The men are quickly recovered, and taken aboard the USS Iwo Jima, to the cheers of numerous crew. In a voice-over, Jim explains that their mission was called "a successful failure," in that they returned safely, but didn't make it to the moon. It is also revealed that the cause of the explosion was a damaged coil in the oxygen tank that exploded which had been determined a 'minor defect' two years before Lovell was named captain of the ship. A summary is then given of the lives of several other people: Fred Haise was scheduled to be on Apollo 18, but due to budget cuts, his mission never happened. Jack Swigert left NASA and was elected to Congress for the State of Colorado, but died of cancer before taking office. Ken Mattingly orbited the moon as command module pilot of Apollo 16, and flew the Space Shuttle (having never gotten the measles). Gene Kranz retired as head of Mission Control in the mid-90's. As stated to the press, Jim's time aboard Apollo 13 was his last space mission. Even so, he hopes that one day, NASA will return to the moon. 
 Space Cowboys (2000)44) When retired engineer Frank Corvin ( Clint Eastwood ) is called upon to rescue a failing satellite, he insists that his equally old teammates accompany him into space. When a Russian satellite orbiting the Earth starts to veer off course. It seems like the guidance system in the satellite is of American origin. It's important to try and fix it before it comes into the atmosphere. N.A.S.A. man, Bob Gerson (James Cromwell) tries to find out who designed it, and discovers that it was designed by Frank Corvin (Clint Eastwood), an Air Force pilot who, forty years ago, was part of a team who was originally suppose to go to space, but when N.A.S.A. was formed and Gerson's influence, they were dropped. Gerson asks Frank to help, but Frank still holds a grudge. But after some prodding, he agrees but only if he and his team can go there so he can fix it. Gerson reluctantly agrees, so Frank recruits his former team members, "Tank" Sullivan (James Garner), Jerry O'Neill (Donald Sutherland), and "Hawk" Hawkins (Tommy Lee Jones) to join him. After some strenuous tests, they're cleared. And they go up with two other astronauts and check out the satellite and discover that they weren't told the whole truth. rcs0411@yahoo.com In 1958, four hot shot test pilots seem certain to be the first men to go into outer space. However, the back-stabbing leader, Bob Gerson (James Cromwell), of their organization disbands them to prevent their involvement in the then-forming N.A.S.A., and labels them as non-team players. Flash forward to the present, the foursome are now living a docile life. Electrical engineer Frank Corvin (Clint Eastwood) has a pleasant retired life in a desert home with his wife Barbara (Barbara Babcock). Pilot "Hawk" Hawkins (Tommy Lee Jones), who had a penchant for pushing the test planes to their limits, is now a daredevil crop duster. Navigator "Tank" Sullivan (James Garner) is a Baptist minister. Designer Jerry O'Neill (Donald Sutherland) is a womanizing roller coaster designer. Their former boss, Eugene Davis (William Devane), is now a mission leader at N.A.S.A. and still as despicable as in his younger days. It is here that the main story begins. It seems that an old Russian "communications" satellite is about to crash back into the Earth's atmosphere and somehow American technology designed by Frank Corvin has ended up as the guiding system. Of course, because of the old technology, only the original team can save the day. As Bob Gerson makes many learning statements about the satellite to Russian General Vostov (Rade Serbedzija), who is working with the Americans to save the day, you know there is something much more nefarious about the satellite. After some struggles to get the four to pass their physicals in less than thirty days, the four, with two young counterparts, are launched on the space shuttle to fix the satellite. Ethan Glance (Loren Dean) has somehow been coerced to be in on the subterfuge involving Gerson, and in an unexplained action, he tries to make connections on the satellite that causes the whole mission to become a disaster and creates the greatest action sequences in this movie. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Frank Corvin (Clint Eastwood), "Hawk" Hawkins (Tommy Lee Jones), Jerry O'Neill (Donald Sutherland), and "Tank" Sullivan (James Garner) were hotdog members of Project DAEDALUS, the Air Force's test program for space travel. Their hopes were dashed in 1958 with the formation of N.A.S.A. and the use of trained chimps. They blackmail their way into orbit when Russia's mysterious IKON communications satellite's orbit begins to degrade and threatens to crash into Earth. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 