nm0000506:

 Seinfeld (19891998)44) The continuing misadventures of neurotic New York City stand-up comedian Jerry Seinfeld and his equally neurotic New York City friends. Jerry Seinfeld stars in this television comedy series as himself, a comedian. The premise of this sitcom is Jerry and his friends going through everyday life, discussing various quirky situations, to which we can all relate (especially if we live in New York City). The eccentric personalities of the offbeat characters who make up Jerry's social circle contribute to the fun. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> One of the most watched television shows of the 1990s, this show was a true-to-life comedy series that follows the events of a group of friends. The group consists of Jerry Seinfeld, a stand-up comedian who questions every bizarre tidbit about life; George Costanza (Jason Alexander), a hard-luck member of the New York Yankees organization; Elaine Benes (Julia Louis-Dreyfus), a flashy woman and book editor who is not afraid to speak her mind; and Cosmo Kramer (Michael Richards), an extremely eccentric, lanky goofball. Another very notable member of the show is Newman (Wayne Knight), a chubby mailman, friend of Kramer, and, almost always, nemesis of Jerry. Other sources of comedy appear in the form of the parents of both Jerry and George. Jerry Seinfeld is a very successful stand-up comedian, mainly because the people around him offer an endless supply of great material. His best friend is George Costanza (Jason Alexander), a bald, whiny loser who craves the kind of success Jerry has, but is never willing to do what it takes to get it. Jerry's neighbor Cosmo Kramer (Michael Richards) often barges into his apartment and imposes onto his life. In the second episode, Jerry's former girlfriend Elaine Benes (Julia Louis-Dreyfus) comes back into his life, and the four of them are able to form a friendship together. The episodes were rarely very plot-heavy, focusing more on mundane conversations and situations that could be found during everyday life in New York City. rmlohner It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The New Adventures of Old Christine (20062010)Summaries A divorced mom tries to keep pace with everyone around her. Christine is divorced from Richard but continues to see him as a best friend, even when he becomes involved with a woman, also named "Christine." Living in an apartment with her son Ritchie, her brother Matthew rents a separate room in an outbuilding and the two of them feed off the insecurities of the other implanted by their mother during their upbringing. "Old" Christine runs a gym with her best friend Barb, whose name describes her wit. Christine's insecurities are not helped by the other parents at a posh school she and Richard send their son to, one that is generally thought to be beyond the means of regular working people. Ron Kerrigan <mvg@whidbey.com> "Old Christine" is a divorced mom who has a handle on her career and motherhood -- and a pretty good relationship with her ex-husband -- until he introduces his new girlfriend, a younger woman, also named Christine. Old Christine lives with her son and her brother, and runs a gym, and her life is a constant struggle to keep up with everyone else. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Veep (20122019)431) Former Senator Selina Meyer finds that being Vice President of the United States is nothing like she hoped and everything that everyone ever warned her about. "Politics is about people," former Sen. Selina Meyer is fond of saying. Unfortunately, the people Meyer, a charismatic leader and rising star in her party, meets after becoming vice president are nothing like she expected, but everything she was warned about. "Veep" follows the new VP as she puts out political fires, juggles her public schedule and private life, and does everything within her limited powers to improve her dysfunctional relationship with the chief executive. Meyer's trusted -- and some not-so-trusted -- aides include chief of staff Amy, spokesperson Mike, secretary Sue and right-hand man Gary. Jwelch5742 Former Senator Selina Meyer has accepted the call to serve as Vice President of the United States. The job is nothing like she imagined and everything she was warned about. 'Veep' follows Meyer and her staff as they attempt to make their mark and leave a lasting legacy, without getting tripped up in the day-to-day political games that define Washington. HBO Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The series follows the personal life and political career of Selina Meyer, the Vice President and later President of the United States. Her party affiliation is unknown, though hinted in the fourth season finale to be Democratic. Formerly a United States Senator from Maryland, Meyer campaigns for her party's nomination in the 2012 presidential election and is initially the front-runner, but ultimately loses the nomination to Stuart Hughes. Meyer subsequently joins the Hughes ticket as his running mate and is elected Vice President. Her staff as Vice President, upon whom Meyer is totally reliant, includes chief of staff Amy Brookheimer; director of communications Mike McClintock; deputy director of communications Dan Egan; body man Gary Walsh; and personal secretary Sue Wilson. Later additions to her team as president include White House Chief of Staff Ben Cafferty and political strategist Kent Davison. Jonah Ryan, initially a White House liaison to the Vice President's office and later a New Hampshire congressman, also features prominently. At the outset of the series, Meyer frequently finds herself relegated and ignored by Hughes. In the second season, Meyer comes to accrue some power and influence and, by the end of the season, is actively considering challenging Hughes for their party's nomination in the 2016 election. This becomes a moot point when Hughes decides not to seek a second term and Meyer begins her presidential campaign in the third season. Hughes abruptly resigns and Meyer assumes the presidency at the end of the season; the fourth season finds her adjusting to her new role while continuing her presidential campaign, both of which are undermined by a series of scandals. The election results in a tie between Meyer and challenger Bill O'Brien, leading to a vote in the House of Representatives during the fifth season to decide the next president after a recount in Nevada fails to alter the election's outcome. The House vote ends in a tie, leading to the Senate voting to elect the Vice President. The Senate vote also ends in a tie; Meyer's Vice President Andrew Doyle, who did not run for a full term, casts the tiebreaking vote for O'Brien's running mate Laura Montez instead of Meyer's running mate Tom James, leading to Montez becoming president. The sixth season follows Meyer out of office for the first time in the series, as she attempts to ensure her legacy by authoring a memoir, setting up a foundation and attempting to establish a presidential library. At the end of the season, Meyer decides to run for president again. The seventh season follows Meyer's run for her party's nomination in the primaries. She manages to secure the nomination, but has to sacrifice a lot of personal relationships and values in the process: setting up Gary Walsh for the crimes of her ex-husband that might torpedo her campaign; accepting the goal of prohibiting gay marriage to the party platform; and most shockingly tapping the populistic and outrageous Washington pariah Jonah Ryan to be her Veep. Then there are two time-skips: one to her being president, where it is revealed Jonah is getting the same treatment from her as Doyle did, and as she herself got from Hughes; and where she is seen briefly saddened by memory of Gary's loss; and the second one into a distant future of her funeral, attended by most of the main characters, where it is revealed her political legacy amounted to essentially nothing other than permanent gay marriage repulsion, which she never even advocated for. Gary is the last to pay his respects to her, as her state funeral is overshadowed by the death of Tom Hanks. The series also explores Meyer's personal life, such as her strained relationships with her daughter Catherine, ex-husband Andrew and a number of significant others. The lives, careers and relationships of the other characters are also explored, frequently intersecting with the series' principal narrative, satirizing the political activities and inner workings of the contemporary U.S. government. 
 Enough Said (2013)541) A divorced woman who decides to pursue the man she's interested in learns he's her new friend's ex-husband. A divorced and single parent, Eva (Julia Louis-Dreyfus) spends her days enjoying work as a masseuse but dreading her daughter's impending departure for college. She meets Albert (James Gandolfini) - a sweet, funny and like-minded man also facing an empty nest. As their romance quickly blossoms, Eva befriends Marianne (Catherine Keener), her new massage client. Marianne is a beautiful poet who seems "almost perfect" except for one prominent quality: she rags on her ex-husband way too much. Suddenly, Eva finds herself doubting her own relationship with Albert as she learns the truth about Marianne's ex. ID-PR Divorced Eva is a Los Angeles based masseuse, whose only child, teenager Ellen, is going away to college, Sarah Lawrence, in the fall, leaving Eva as an empty nester. As such, Eva slowly turns her motherly focus to Ellen's best friend, Chloe, without even realizing it. Not one for confrontation, Eva quietly accepts certain foibles of her clients without dealing with them as issues, such as Martin with halitosis, constant chatterbox Cynthia who Eva just tunes out, and young Hal who never offers to carry Eva's heavy and bulky massage table up his long and steep front set of stairs, but who she in turn never asks. Accompanying her married couple friends Sarah and Will to a party where she knows no one, Eva meets divorced Marianne, a poet, who hires Eva to be her masseuse. That professional relationship turns to friendship as both Eva and Marianne are looking for single friends who they can unburden themselves, mostly about their love lives and the disasters that were their first marriages. Also at that party, Eva meets divorced father, Albert, who, like Eva, will soon be an empty nester as Albert's daughter Tess is also going away to school back east in the fall. Despite the two of them indirectly stating at that party that they are not attracted to each other, Albert asks for Eva's number which leads to a date. That date slowly leads to a relationship which looks like it could be the second chance for both in terms of a loving committed relationship. With her relationships with Marianne and Albert on firm ground, Eva learns indirectly that Albert is Marianne's ex-husband, the man who Marianne has bad-mouthed time and time again in her and Eva's private conversations. Rather than confront the coincidence head on, Eva decides to remain silent about her finding to both Marianne and Albert. The subsequent private conversations that Eva has with Marianne and Albert could taint her feelings about the other. But if Marianne and/or Albert were to find out that Eva knew the situation without telling them, it could ruin the relationships Eva so needs at this crucial time in her life. Huggo Eva is a divorced soon-to-be empty-nest er wondering about her next act. Then she meets Marianne, the embodiment of her perfect self. Armed with a restored outlook on being middle-aged and single, Eva decides to take a chance on her new love interest Albert - a sweet, funny and like-minded man. But things get complicated when Eva discovers that Albert is in fact the dreaded ex-husband of Marianne. yusufpiskin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Eva (Julia Louis-Dreyfus), a masseuse, a mother of a teenage girl and a divorcee attends a party in Pacific Palisades with her friends, married couple Will (Ben Falcone) and Sarah (Toni Collette). She meets a poet, Marianne (Catherine Keener), and Will introduces Eva to his friends, Jason (Phillip Brock) and Albert (James Gandolfini). After the party, Albert asks Will for Eva's number and though hesitant, due to the lack of physical attraction, Eva agrees to go on a dinner date with Albert, which goes well. Marianne contacts Eva for a massage, Eva takes an immediate liking to Marianne, and they become friends. Eva finds herself more and more fond of Albert and they have lunch with his teenage daughter, Tess (Eve Hewson), who, like Eva's daughter, is graduating from high school and moving away to attend college. A few days later, Eva goes to her massage appointment with Marianne and realizes that Albert is Marianne's ex-husband after she tells her a story about how he eats guacamole - the same story Albert told her. Tess then arrives at the house and Eva's suspicions are confirmed. Marianne tries to introduce Eva to Tess, but she hides behind a tree to avoid the meeting. Eva continues seeing Albert, keeping her friendship with Marianne a secret; likewise, she does not tell Marianne she is seeing him. Eva encourages Marianne to complain about her ex-husband Albert so she can identify potential problems in her relationship with him. To the encouragement of Eva, Sarah and Will invite her and Albert to a dinner party, which goes badly after Eva begins finding fault with Albert, which upsets him. At another appointment with Marianne, Eva is exposed when Albert arrives to drop Tess off at her mother's. He is angry that Eva kept her friendship with Marianne a secret, and breaks up with her. Eva and her ex-husband take Ellen to the airport for her flight to college. A few months later, on Thanksgiving Day, Eva drives by Albert's home and stops in front of the house on her way to pick up Ellen from the airport. He sees her and she awkwardly waves. He eventually comes outside, to Eva's surprise, and sits with her on the porch and they begin to renew their relationship. 