nm0000121:

 Private School (1983)321) Chris from a girls' boarding school loves Jim from a nearby boys' boarding school. Jordan also wants Jim and plays dirty. Jim and two friends visit the girls' school posing as girls. Christine (Phoebe Cates), a student at an exclusive all-girls private school, is in love with Jim, who attends an academy for boys nearby. Christine's arch rival Jordan also has her eye on Jim, and she is willing to do whatever she can to steal him away. Jim's uber-slob buddy Bubba is going with Betsy, Christine's cynical friend, though he would probably be unfaithful if any other woman were willing to get near him. Bubba and his pals sneak into the girls' school dressed in drag in hopes of reaching the Promised Land (better known as the women's shower room), while Christine and Jim run away together for the weekend, though their escapade isn't as romantic as they had hoped. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. One evening at the Cherryvale Academy for Women in southern California, student Christine Ramsay (Phoebe Cates) reads passages from a pornographic novel to her roommate, Betsy Newhouse (Kathleen Wilhoite). Outside the neighboring window, their respective boyfriends, Jim Green (Matthew Modine) and Bubba Beauregard (Michael Zorek), from the nearby Freemount Academy for Men, form a human ladder with their nerd/intellectual classmate, Roy (Jonathan Prince), as Bubba photographs senior Jordan Leigh-Jensen (Betsy Russell) taking a shower. Jordan enters Christine's room wrapped in a towel, which Bubba reaches through the window and removes as his friends collapse beneath him. Upon returning to her own dormitory, Jordan tells roommate Rita Flugel (Kari Lizer) of her disdain for Christine, which Rita perceives as jealousy over Jim Green. Though Jordan denies the accusation, she declares her intention to seduce Jim and end his romance with Christine. Later that evening, students from both schools gather for a dance in the Cherryvale ballroom. Miss Prudence Dutchbok (Fran Ryan), the headmistress, addresses the crowd and acknowledges the visiting Cherryvale Building Committee, which is sponsoring construction of a new wing for the school. She escorts the committee to her office, where they find Bubba and Betsy making love on the couch. The next day, the committee audits Ms. Regina Copuletta's (Sylvia Kristel) sex education class as she details the mechanics of intercourse. After the class, Christine decides she is ready to lose her virginity and makes a weekend reservation for herself and Jim at Hotel D'Amour, a seaside resort for honeymooners. Later that day, during an equestrian class, Jordan tries to attract Jim by exposing her breasts, unaware that he and Christine have left to buy condoms. That evening, Jim telephones Christine, as Jordan listens in on the extension. After Jordan facetiously reciprocates Jim's declaration of love, Christine and Betsy get their revenge by sneaking into Jordan's room and sabotaging a cheerleader uniform. The next day, Christine and Betsy realize (too late) they sabotaged the wrong uniform when one of Coach Whelan's (Julie Payne) breasts is exposed during cheer-leading practice. All of the girls, as well as Jim and Bubba and the Freemount football team, have a good laugh. Miss Dutchbok implicates Jordan and Rita in the prank, as well as Christine and Betsy, restricting them to campus for the week. One evening sometime later, Jim, Bubba, and Roy dress as girls (complete with dresses and makeup) in an attempt to visit Christine and Betsy. Once inside the dormitory, they encounter Jordan, who immediately recognizes them. When Jim claims to be "Christine's sister", Jordan invites him to her room and tries in vain to titillate him. Bubba enters Betsy's room with the intention of making love, but is discouraged by her demand for foreplay. He climbs out the window and makes his way to the gymnasium shower room to look at naked girls. But he soon becomes trapped in the sauna when Miss Dutchbok arrives to take a steam bath... leaving him trapped in the sauna. Meanwhile, Jim reveals his true identity to Jordan, who accuses him of trying to seduce her. Though Jim protests his innocence to Christine, she believes Jordan and refuses to discuss the matter. Bubba eventually escapes from the sauna and rejoins Jim and Roy where the three guys leave the girls dorm and return to their own dorm. On Parents' Day the following weekend, Jim explains the misunderstanding to Christine's father, who promises to intervene on his behalf. Betsy also speaks to Christine and convinces her to give Jim another chance. Jordan waits impatiently for her father, who embarrasses her with his habitual lateness, while Rita's father, Frank Flugel (Richard Stahl), embarrasses her with his habitual drunkenness. Mr. Leigh-Jensen finally arrives, accompanied by his latest trophy wife, a very young woman named Bambi (Karen Chase). When Mr. Flugel accidentally pushes Miss Copuletta into the swimming pool, Mr. Leigh-Jensen rescues her and offers mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, which the teacher encourages. In the parking lot, Miss Dutchbok mistakes the Leigh-Jensen's chauffeur, Chauncey (Ray Walston), for his employer and asks for a donation to the school. He invites Miss Dutchbok into his limousine, draws curtains to cover the windows and seduces her. Assuming the car is empty, Bubba and Betsy make love in the front seat until they realize they are not alone. Betsy places a microphone behind the curtain and connects it to the car's loudspeaker system, broadcasting Miss Dutchbok's seduction to the party-goers. The headmistress reacts by reaching through the curtain and choking Bubba. He accidentally releases the emergency brake, causing the limousine to careen through the party and into the swimming pool. One week later, Christine and Jim leave for the Hotel D'Amour. On the Freemount campus, Bubba bets Roy and the rest of his classmates that he can persuade Jordan to remove her clothes. Expecting a rendezvous with Jim, she enters his dormitory, unaware that several boys are hidden around the room. Jordan is forced to remove her dress after Bubba sprays her with red wine, and she sends him out for club soda to remove the stain. Within moments, Betsy arrives and informs Jordan of Bubba's ruse. Upon his return, the two girls beat him and push him out the window, while the spectators emerge from their hiding places. At the hotel, Christine and Jim find the contrived ambiance of their suite not conducive to romance and go to sleep. In the morning, however, Christine joins Jim on the beach and they make love in the surf. Months later, Cherryvale's senior class graduates. Jordan rides to the ceremony with her father and his new wife, Miss Copuletta. Jim is in attendance, along with Roy, who is dressed as a middle-aged man, and Bubba, who is dressed as a woman. Mr. Flugel staggers into an adjoining seat and attempts to fondle Bubba, who knocks him unconscious. Following Miss Dutchbok's commencement speech, Betsy leads the girls in the chant, "Graduation Cherryvale, you won't forget us soon; sunny days ahead of us, we leave behind this moon," after which they expose their behinds. 
 Drop Dead Fred (1991)321) A young woman finds her already unstable life rocked by the presence of a rambunctious imaginary friend from childhood. A young woman who's attempting to find her place in the world battles with her controlling mother and a womanizing husband finds comfort and confusion with the appearance of her childhood friend. It is a zappy movie that emphasizes self-actualization. C. Marshall Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Elizabeth's [Phoebe Cates] world has been turned upside down. Her marriage to Charles [Tim Matheson] appears to be over following her discovery that he has cheated on her; but she simply can't stop loving him. Despite the support of her friend Janey [Carrie Fisher] she is unhappy. In her misery, her imaginary childhood friend Fred [Rik Mayall] reappears, having being previously locked away from her. His sole purpose to cheer Elizabeth up, although things do not go to plan. Elizabeth stays with her mother [Marsha Mason]; quite cold to Elizabeth, who intends to put Elizabeth back with Charles but in the meantime makes her into a younger double of herself. Elizabeth works to get Charles back into her life, even turning up at a party (with Fred) Despite part of Elizabeth being overjoyed at seeing Fred again and remembering their fun care-free times together, all he ever seems to do for Elizabeth is cause trouble. After a certain number of unforgiveable actions, Elizabeths mother takes her to 'get help' and rid her of Fred forever... Elizabeth returns to Charles and starts taking 'mediacation' to rid herself of Fred. It is only when taking the last pill that she realises Charles hasn't changed at all and that Fred is really the only person she can trust. When she follows him into a dream like world, she gets the chance to overcome her greatest fears: her mother, Charles' infidelity and the little girl inside dealing with loneliness. Unfortunately, the only way she can truly rid herself of the fears is to lose Fred for good by realising she doesn't need him any longer. 
 Fast Times at Ridgemont High (1982)541) A group of Southern California high school students are enjoying their most important subjects: sex, drugs, and rock n' roll. Follows a group of high school students growing up in southern California, based on the real-life adventures chronicled by Cameron Crowe. Stacy Hamilton and Mark Ratner are looking for a love interest, and are helped along by their older classmates, Linda Barrett and Mike Damone, respectively. The center of the film is held by Jeff Spicoli, a perpetually stoned surfer dude who faces off with the resolute Mr. Hand, who is convinced that everyone is on dope. Rick Gregory <rag.apa@email.apa.org> A look at the lives and loves of a group of high school students. It's the final year of high school for Brad Hamilton who decides he should break up with his longtime girlfriend to play the field. He's at a loss however when she breaks up with him first. Jeff Spicoli continues to take delight in getting under the skin of his teacher, Mr. Hand. Others are looking for love, sex and just plain having a good time which, for the most part, they all seem to find though sometimes in unexpected places. garykmcd In California, at Ridgemont High, a group of teenagers are looking for something as part of discoveries in their lives: the pothead Jeff Spicoli, who is permanently stoned, dreams on becoming a great surfer in Hawaii. His history teacher Mr. Hand is giving hard time to him. The fifteen year-old virgin Stacy Hamilton wants to have sex and her friend Linda Barrett is her mentor. Her brother Brad Hamilton works at a fast-food and is paying for his Cadillac. He wants to break with his girlfriend Lisa now that he is senior to date other girls. The shy Mark 'Rat' Ratner is into Stacy and his friend Mike Damone is his mentor. Along the semester, they have surprises and make discoveries about friendship and love. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Stacy Hamilton ( Jennifer Jason Leigh ) is a 15-year-old high school sophomore who works in the Ridgemont Mall at Perry's pizza parlor with the seemingly more sexually experienced Linda Barrett ( Phoebe Cates ). Mark "Rat" Ratner (Brian Backer) also a sophomore, works in the mall as "assistant to the assistant manager" at the movie theater. His friend Mike Damone ( Robert Romanus ), who also hangs out at the mall scalping rock concert tickets, believes himself to be both worldly and wise in the ways of women. Stacy's brother Brad ( Judge Reinhold ) is a semi-dorky senior but is relatively popular because he has his own car and is a low-grade supervisor at All-American Burger, a favorite after-school hang-out and a place that treats teen employees well. Brad is spending his final year in high school basking in the joy of becoming the unfettered owner of his blue 1960 Buick LeSabre ("the cruising vessel"), which has only six payments left, and obsessing over the best way to ease out of the long-time relationship with his girlfriend, Lisa ( Amanda Wyss ), who also works at All-American Burger. Surfer-type Jeff Spicoli ( Sean Penn ) is the resident stoner who begins the new school year tumbling out of a Volkswagen Microbus after hot-boxing in the parking lot as the final attendance bell rings. Spicoli tries to come into the stern Mr. Hand's ( Ray Walston ) history class after the final bell, but Mr. Hand has locked the door. Spicoli knocks on the door but when Mr Hand sends him to principal's office, Spicoli calls him a "dick," thus beginning a vendetta between Mr. Hand and Spicoli that lasts throughout the movie. The sexually curious Stacy initially hooks up with a much older home stereo salesman, Ron Johnson of Pacific Stereo in the mall. He provides her first sexual experiences. He dumps her a few months later, causing Stacy to wonder what was wrong with herself and seek other relationships. In addition to his brief encounters with Stacy at the pizza parlor during his breaks at the movie theater, nerdy Mark Ratner ends up with Stacy as his lab partner in biology class. Ratner receives pointers from his friend Damone, the scalper. With prodding from Damone, "Rat" goes over to the pizza parlor one evening and asks for Stacy's phone number, saying he'll call her to ask her out on a date. Embarassed, but flattered, Stacy accepts Mark's offer of a date. The date goes well despite Mark forgetting his wallet at home and the tape deck being stolen from his sister's car during their dinner at a local German restaurant. They go back to her house, where she comes on to him. Inexperienced with sex, he chickens out, leaving her there with nothing but a robe on. This leads Stacy to confide in Linda that she believes (mistakenly) that Mark does not love her. Back at school, Spicoli continues to annoy Mr. Hand, including one episode in which Spicoli arranges for a pizza delivery in the middle of class by a less-than-thrilled "Pizza Guy" delivery man ( Taylor Negron ) only to have Mr. Hand take the pizza away and distribute it to his favored students. Meanwhile, Brad loses his cherished job at All American Burger one day in a dispute with an unsatisfied and rude customer ( Sonny Carl Davis ) who demands his money back (clearly a yuppie con artist), where after the rude customer insults Brad and Brad insults the rude customer back, the stern boss, Dennis, approaches and instantly fires Brad for it and falls for the con artist's ploy and refunds his money. Brad feels betrayed when all of his co-worker friends don't have the courage to stand up for him to their dictator of a boss out of fear of losing their jobs too. As a result, Brad never speaks to any of his friends ever again. Brad is forced to take a new job at "Captain Hook Fish and Chips," a Long John Silvers-styled fish restaurant. Employees are forced to wear pirate uniforms, and after being laughed at by a beautiful woman ( Nancy Wilson ) while on a delivery, Brad quits in disgust while tossing all the "Catch of the Day" boxes out into the street. At a pep rally before the football game with Lincoln High, Brad meets up with his girlfriend Lisa. In a complete turnabout from his plans to go solo during the summer, Brad bares his troubled soul to Lisa, telling her that he needs her now more than ever. But Lisa dumps him, saying she wants to see other people before she heads to college, the perfect culmination to Brad's personal annihilation. As Brad's life crumbles as he now has no friends or job, Stacy and Linda are sitting by the pool discussing men. Meanwhile, Damone convinces Mark to give it another shot with Stacy. Damone leads Mark to Stacy's house, where Damone crashes the girl chat. Brad comes home, dejected, and goes into the house. The teens all comment on how Brad is so depressed after losing his job at All America Burger. Brad heads for the bathroom and starts to masturbate as he fantasizes about Linda approaching him in her bikini and undoing her top (in a now near-legendary scene set to The Cars' song "Moving in Stereo"). Linda jumps into the pool and gets water in her ear. She makes her way to the bathroom for a Q-tip and is shocked as she catches Brad masturbating, which ruins the pool party. Later that evening, Spicoli is seen drinking beer, smoking marijuana, and lost in his own world as he joyrides in a 1979 Chevrolet Camaro Z28 owned by Charles Jefferson ( Forest Whitaker ), an ill-tempered, hulking jock who is the star of the Ridgemont football team. The car is a gift from a grateful alumnus, and Jefferson's little brother, along for the ride, freaks out as an unconcerned Spicoli drives like a maniac through the crowded city streets. Spicoli eventually wrecks the car when he swerves to avoid an oncoming car, and crashes into a concrete wall. Spicoli promises to Jefferson's brother that he can fix it. The next day at school, a large crowd gathers around the front entrance--where Jefferson's totaled car is covered in anti-Ridgemont graffiti. Spicoli has apparently made it look as if the rival high school, Lincoln High, destroyed it as a prank. Jefferson takes out his anger on the Lincoln football team that night, winning the game single handily and sending Lincoln's quarterback out of the game on a stretcher. Over the next several weeks, Stacy grows attracted to Mark's friend, Damone. Stacy meets Damone after school and Damone drives her home. Damone asks if Stacy has any iced tea and then he wants to go for a swim. She brings him into the changing booth near the pool. Instead of swimming, the two have clumsy, unsatisfying sex in the changing booth. Later, Stacy tells Linda that she is pregnant. Stacy tells Damone and they decide that an abortion is the only solution. She asks Damone to pay for half the abortion ($150) and give her a ride to the clinic. Damone agrees. A little later, Damone and Ratner get into an argument over Stacy in the locker room after Ratner hears that Damone has been with Stacy. After Damone and Ratner almost get into a fistfight, they cut ties with each other. Damone has a hard time coming up with his half of the money to pay for the abortion. Damone desperately and unsuccessfully attempts to collect from past "clients" who owe him money. It is only then that Damone finally discovers how little power and popularity he has with the other teens. Ashamed, Damone does not show up to drive Stacy to the clinic and avoids her phone calls. Stacy catches a ride with Brad to a nearby bowling alley under the pretense that she is meeting some friends there. Brad sees Stacy leave the bowling alley and enter the clinic. After the procedure is finished, Brad is waiting for Stacy outside and talks to her about what happened, though Stacy will not tell him the identity of the father. Stacy's sibling bond grows with Brad when he shows a brotherly act of kindness by not pressing the issue. Linda, however, is not so charitable. After Stacy tells her of Damone's deception, Linda goes after Damone by scrawling "Prick" in spray paint on his car door and "Little Prick" in marker on his school locker. Another month or two later, Stacy and Mark are fated to be together again when they go on a biology class field trip to observe an autopsy performed by their flaky biology teacher Mr. Vargas ( Vincent Schiavelli ). Spicoli tags along with the class (despite that he does not take biology) just for the excursion. When Mr. Vargas starts to rip organs from the corpse, Stacy feels sick and Mark helps her out of the procedure room. Stacy is grateful to Mark for staying with her and says he's "a nice guy." School is coming to an end. Mr. Hand takes some revenge on Spicoli by visiting him at his home on the night of the graduation dance and administering an impromptu American History lesson long enough to delay Spicoli until well after the prom has started. Surprisingly, Spicoli does well with Mr. Hand's questioning and the two are actually amiable by the end of the session. Still, the teacher relents on the question of whether or not he will flunk Spicoli, telling the stoned surfer he'll probably "squeak by." Mike Damone and Mark Ratner speak to each other at the prom. A tenuous bond is reformed, but Damone knows he no longer has power over "Rat." In the closing scenes, Stacy, still working at the pizza joint, sees Mark at his station across the mall at the theater. She waves him over and gives him a demure photo of herself. She makes it clear she'd like to begin seeing him again. Mark is at first tentative, but Stacy playfully nudges Mark and eggs him on. He looks at Stacy for a moment, smiles and then says he'll call her. Meanwhile, Brad is working at his new job, the bottom rung on the high school scale of after-school employment: a convenience store called Mi-T-Mart. Spicoli walks in and tries to make a purchase while fumbling with pocket change. He then asks to use the bathroom. As soon as Spicoli walks away to the restroom, a car pulls up to the front of the store, a robber exits the car, walks in the door, sprays the security camera, pulls out a pistol and tells Brad to give him all the money in the wall safe. Brad gets very nervous, and cannot open the safe. But when the armed robber threatens to shoot and kill Brad for stalling, Brad's fear suddenly turns into anger as he mouths off to the armed robber, wishing that he would just die.... as Brad sees this as just another rotten episode in his further disintegrating life. Just then Spicoli walks out of the bathroom complaining that there are no paper towels and he inadvertently distracts the thief for a few seconds, just long enough for a furious Brad to grab and throw a pot of hot coffee in the robber's face, jump over the counter, take his gun away and captures the would-be thief as the criminal's getaway car peels out the parking lot, making Brad a local hero... at least in Spicoli's eyes. Before the end credits roll, the characters' futures are shown: Brad Hamilton: Made manager of Mi-T-Mart, June 12. Mike Damone: Busted for scalping Ozzy Osbourne tickets. Now working at 7-Eleven. Mr. Vargas: Switched back to coffee. Linda Barrett: Attending college in Riverside. Now living with her Abnormal Psych professor. Rat & Stacy: Having a passionate love affair. But still haven't gone all the way. Mr. Hand: Convinced EVERYONE is on dope. Jeff Spicoli: Saved Brooke Shields from drowning. Blows reward money hiring Van Halen to play at his birthday party. 
 Gremlins (1984)651) A young man inadvertently breaks three important rules concerning his new pet and unleashes a horde of malevolently mischievous monsters on a small town. Minature green monsters tear through the small town of Kingston Falls. Hijinks ensue as a mild-mannered bank teller releases these hideous loonies after gaining a new pet and violating two of three simple rules: No water (violated), no food after midnight (violated), and no bright light. Hilarious mayhem and destruction in a town straight out of Norman Rockwell. So, when your washing machine blows up or your TV goes on the fritz, before you call the repair man, turn on all the lights and look under all the beds. 'Cause you never can tell, there just might be a gremlin in your house. Amazon When Billy Peltzer is given a small creature called a Mogwai by his father, he is unaware of the carnage he is about to encounter. There is a huge responsibility in looking after Gizmo as there are certain rules which must be followed. The Mogwai must be kept away from bright light, never made wet and never, ever be fed after midnight. When an accident occurs involving Gizmo and water, the next evolution stage of the Mogwai appears, and it isn't nice at all. Film_Fan In search of the perfect Christmas present for Billy, his teenage son, Randall Peltzer comes up with a "Mogwai". But, this otherwise sweet and furry pet companion comes with a warning: should its unwise owner break the three fundamental guidelines of owning such a unique creature, all hell will break loose. Of course, Billy disregards the strict rules, and as the once-adorable animal spawns terrifying minuscule critters, the suburban haven of Kingston Falls is under siege. Now, there is no turning back, and destruction is at hand. Is there an escape from this endless Yuletide nightmare, and the horrible menace of the Gremlins? Nick Riganas Sure, he's cute. Of course you can keep him. But heed these three warnings: Don't ever get him wet. Keep him away from bright light. And the most important thing, the one thing you must never forget: no matter how much he cries, no matter how much he begs . . . never, never feed him after midnight. With these mysterious instructions, young Billy Peltzer takes possession of his cuddly new pet. He gets a whole lot more than he bargained for. Official DVD cover Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Kingston Falls is a small, economically depressed town in the northeastern U.S. that had been hit hard by the loss of jobs in the 70s and 80s. Many of the people were out of work. One such person was Rand Peltzer, a middle-aged man who we see in Chinatown in New York looking for a Christmas present for his son Billy as the movie opens. Rand had become an inventor of dubious skills. He made a little money selling his usually-unreliable inventions, but it was Billy, who had a job as a bank teller, who was keeping the family just barely above water. Rand hoped to sell one of his inventions to the proprietor of a junk store in Chinatown, Mr. Wing,, but he became interested in a little furry creature he found in the back. The elderly proprietor refused to sell the creature, citing the great responsibility required with the creature, but his teenage grandson, knowing that their family also was desperate for money, sold the creature to Rand without his grandfather's knowledge or consent. The boy told Rand three important rules for care of the creature, but did not elaborate on why they were important. We then meet Billy, who can't get his car started one cold December morning. He gives up after awhile, and talks to his friend Pete, and then to another family friend, Mr. Futterman, who had also lost his job some while back. Mr. Futterman knows that American goods, which he produced a few years earlier, are built like a tank and the best in the world, and he is highly distrustful of cheaper, lower-quality imports (including Billy's car) that cost him his job. Billy goes to his job at the bank on foot, his dog Barney in tow, and just barely makes it on time. While he is at work, he is visited by Mrs. Deagle, a bitter, mean-spirited old woman who owns much property in town, and her stranglehold on it exacerbates many of the people's financial distress. Mrs. Deagle tells Billy that his dog destroyed one of her lawn ornaments, but would rather have the dog put down than be paid for the damages. The dog, sensing that something is up, jumps out from under Billy's desk and frightens Mrs. Deagle. The bank manager, Mr. Corbin, yells at Billy for bringing his dog to work, but lets him keep his job. After work, Billy stops by the bar, where he sees one of his co-workers, Kate, whom he is interested in romantically, has a part time side job at the bar. He returns home and talks to his mother, just before his father Rand, gets home from his trip to Chinatown. Rand has the creature, a "mogwai", which he has named Gizmo, and since a living creature can't wait until Christmas, Rand gives him the present a few days early. After the flash from a camera frightens the creature, Rand remembers to tell his son the three rules: The creature did not like bright light and would be killed by sunlight. They must never give the creature any water, either to drink or a bath. And they must never feed it after midnight. The next day, Billy sees his friend Pete again, and they play with Gizmo, but Pete accidentally knocks over a glass of water and gets Gizmo wet. Gizmo goes into convulsions and five tiny furballs pop out of his back. The furballs grow, and a few minutes later, they develop into creatures just like Gizmo: he has reproduced. He goes to tell his father about it, and his father immediately starts thinking about how he might make money selling them. Pete wants to take a creature home, but Billy thought it best to take one to the local school and have the science teacher examine it first. Once there, he puts a single drop of water on the creature, and one new creature emerges. The teacher, fascinated, keeps it for examination, and Billy leaves. Billy discovers that the new creatures' personalities are markedly different from Gizmo's. Gizmo is friendly and playful, but the new creatures are mean, nasty, and destructive. One of them has a white mohawk, which Billy names Stripe, is the leader of the new pack. Stripe tries to bite Billy's hand when he goes to pet it. That evening, Billy finds his dog Barney hanging from some Christmas lights outside. He immediately suspects Mrs. Deagle, but there were no footprints anywhere outside. Rand tells Billy that he would take Barney with him when he goes to an upcoming inventors' convention, where he hoped to peddle his wares some more. Later, Billy stops by the bar again, and sees Kate persuade a very drunk, dejected Mr. Futterman to walk home instead of driving. Billy walks Kate home, and on the way, she tells him that she dislikes Christmas, but gets defensive when he asks why. Just as they arrive at Kate's place, Billy asks her out, and she accepts. That night, Billy is reading and the creatures are clamoring to be fed. He looks over at the clock: it's 11:35, so Billy goes and gets the creatures some fried chicken, which all the creatures devour, except Gizmo, who refuses. Meanwhile, at the school, the science teacher antagonizes the creature in his care by performing blood tests on it. After working well into the night, the teacher leaves around 2:20 a.m. He left half a sandwich on the table, which the creature can reach from his cage, and eats it. The next day is Christmas Eve. In the morning, Rand has left with Barney for the convention. Billy asks his mother to come upstairs and look. All of the creatures have disappeared, except Gizmo. They have been replaced by soccer-ball sized cocoons, which appear inert. His mother asks if he fed them after midnight, and Billy looks over at the clock - which still reads 11:35. He checks it and discovers that the wires were deliberately chewed up, so it really was after midnight when he fed them. Oops! In the afternoon, Rand Peltzer calls home from the convention. It was out of his league, the inventors there are far more advanced than he was, so he was going to come home early, and would be in late that night. Meanwhile, Billy and Pete meet the science teacher at the school, where the creature there has undergone a similar transformation. The teacher refers to it as the pupal stage. Afterward, the bell rings and the teacher wishes his departing students a merry Christmas and he would see them after winter break. Just around that time, the cocoons start to hatch. At the Peltzer house, a terrified Gizmo takes refuge inside a football helmet. The teacher calls Billy at the bank, telling him "they've hatched", and Billy, who is just getting off work, runs to the school. There he finds that the creature has killed the teacher and shoved his syringe (from the blood tests) into his butt. Immediately alarmed, he reaches for the phone, but a clawed hand rises up and bats him away. He follows the creature throughout the building, and gets his first look at the now vaguely-reptilian creature when it takes another swipe at him. It isn't much bigger than before, but is even more malicious, and has teeth and razor-sharp claws with which to cause havoc. The creature escapes. Meanwhile, at the Peltzer house, the creatures have pulled Gizmo from his hiding place and are busy torturing him. Billy's mother hears sounds upstairs, and goes up with a knife to investigate. She finds nothing except the five hatched cocoons. Just then, Billy calls her from the school, warning her to leave the house immediately, but one of the creatures disconnects the phone line. Then she hears noises downstairs, goes to investigate and sees the creatures making a mess of the place. Using household items, she kills the creatures one at a time. One of them was eating out of the blender, and she switched it on, killing it. She used cooking spray to make another one retreat into the microwave, which she switched on, causing it to explode. She stabbed a third on the kitchen counter. The fourth one was hiding in the Christmas tree, and it attacked. Billy, who had just run from the school, arrived home and grabbed a sword and killed this creature, sending it headlong into the fireplace. The fifth creature, the one with the mohawk, escaped from the house. Billy grabbed Gizmo and they tracked the creature to the YMCA, where it had broken in. The creature takes another swipe at him, and Billy is just in time to see it jump into the pool, multiplying. Billy, now hopelessly outnumbered, retreats from the YMCA; a few minutes later, thousands of little gremlins emerge. Billy returns home and takes his mother to see a doctor, for the wounds inflicted by the fourth gremlin. Then he goes to the police station and tries to get the cops to take action, or at least warn people, but the cops think he is drunk. They refuse to do anything. The first calls are coming in about freak accidents and fires caused by the gremlins, and the cops go out to check things out, leaving Billy alone. The gremlins are busy little creatures, and set out to destroy as much as they can. They injure a man who is putting mail in a mailbox, tamper with the electrical grid causing sparks to fly and lights to go on and off all over town. They cause car wrecks by making all the lights at an intersection green. They kill Mrs. Deagle by tampering with her stair-lift, making it go so fast it flings her out an upstairs window. They get into the Futterman's snowplow and use it to demolish half of his house, and they disable the brakes on the police car, so when the cops are going to the Futtermans', they wreck their car. Pete manages to keep the gremlins at bay from his bedroom window. Billy gets in his unreliable car, and this time it starts without any problem. He goes to the bar to check on Kate, who is being held hostage by the gremlins. The gremlins have occupied the bar and are drinking beer, getting drunk, playing cards (and cheating and being caught), breakdancing, playing with the ceiling fans, and tearing stuff up as best as they can. Kate notices that they shrink away from her matches when she tries to light their cigarettes. Quick on the uptake, she picks up a camera and takes their picture, the flash each time making them cringe. She gets to the door, but is confronted by another gremlin wearing sunglasses and holding a gun. Even this gremlin is forced to retreat when the glare of Billy's headlights illuminates the bar's front window. Kate leaves with Billy. Meanwhile, Rand Peltzer is still on his way home. He stops at a gas station to call home again, but can't get through (the line is out). He does manage to bring in a little money by selling one of his inventions, a smokeless ashtray (which actually billows smoke) to the attendant. Barney barks at him, which irritates him - they still have a long drive ahead of them. This time, the car doesn't start, so they have to run for it. They go to the bank, only to find that it too has been vandalized by the gremlins. They can hear small explosions in the distance. Kate says that now she has two reasons to dislike Christmas, and this time she tells Billy the first reason. When she was a little girl, her father disappeared without a trace on Christmas Eve. He didn't turn up on Christmas, either. He was discovered dead several days later in their chimney, where he was dressed as Santa Claus. He had been hoping to surprise Kate, but had slipped and broken his neck, and his body got stuck there. After telling this story, they notice that calm has returned to the town, and all the lights are on. Figuring they must all be some place dark, they go to the local movie theater, where, sure enough, all the gremlins are inside watching "Snow White", and loving it. They go to the cellar and turn on the gas, and leave some burning newspapers and towels, intending to destroy the building with the creatures inside it. Just as they're leaving, the gremlins detect their presence, and go after them. Kate and Billy, who still has Gizmo, flee through the back door with the gremlins in hot pursuit, and they manage to barricade the door, trapping the gremlins inside. After a few minutes, the gas leak causes an explosion, and all the gremlins are killed. Not all of them! Kate spots one survivor, Stripe, in the window of a Montgomery Ward's department store. He had left the theater briefly to obtain food, and saw the explosion. Determined not to let Stripe escape, Billy and Kate break into the store. Billy takes a bat and goes to look for Stripe, while Kate gets into the back rooms and starts looking for anything useful, such as lights. Stripe uses items he finds in the store to attack Billy - a tennis ball launcher, a small crossbow, and later, a chainsaw. Kate, in the back room, finds a set of circuit breakers and starts turning stuff on randomly - the background music system, some lights, and a water fountain. Billy is using the bat to defend himself from Stripe's chainsaw when the lights come on, distracting Stripe, who has to retreat. By this time, the first light of dawn is visible in the east. It's Christmas morning. Rand and the dog are finally getting back into town, but Barney barks at the broken window of the store and jumps out of the car and into the store. A cranky Rand parks the car and follows him. Gizmo has left Billy's backpack and is now roaming the store, and he and Barney meet once more. Gizmo has found a toy car to drive around. They finally locate Stripe, who has discovered the water fountain, and also found Montgomery Ward's gun sale counter. Billy rushes into the garden area, with the fountain, only to find Stripe poised to reproduce again. Stripe shoots the gun, but misses. It's Gizmo to the rescue as he drives his toy car up a leaning shovel, flying through the air and striking the window shades. One of the shades rolled up all the way to the top, letting in streaming sunlight directly onto Stripe, killing it. As Billy watches, Stripe melts in a puddle of gunk and falls into the water. Kate and Rand arrive in the room and see the mess. Stripe's decaying body jumps out of the fountain for one last scare, but he can't handle the sunlight, and collapses. They all return home. In the evening, the Peltzers are watching the news about the destruction, where it is described as a series of unexplained accidents and fires. They are confronted by the owner of the Chinese junk shop, proven once again to be the only person who can be trusted to properly take care of and contain the Mogwai, who knew exactly where to go once he heard the news. The Chinese man can barely conceal his disgust for television and Western society in general, as demonstrated by that family's carelessness causing the destructive gremlin infestation. Mr. Wing returns Rand's $200, and takes Gizmo back with him, but before he goes, he tells Billy that one day, he might be ready to become the creature's caretaker. The movie ends with Rand's voice telling viewers that if they have any unexplained electrical or mechanical problems, they should be alert for gremlins. 