nm0003504:

 Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai (2000)761) A young girl meets the doppelganger of her deceased boyfriend and now has a chance to find the people who have murdered him. A poor singer, Rohit, and the daughter of a very rich man, Sonia, fall in love. While on a cruise ship, they get separated from the rest of their party and end up on a deserted island. They live happily here for a few days until they are rescued. Sonia's friends help Rohit to make a name for himself so that they can get married. But before he reaches this goal, he meets an untimely death. Sonia's father sends her to live with her cousins in New Zealand to get over her heartbreak. In New Zealand she meets Raj Chopra who looks exactly like Rohit. Hala A poor singer Rohit, and a wealthy young woman, Sonia Saxena, get stranded on an island, both fall in love, are eventually rescued, reach home, and subsequently get married. Rohit becomes an eye-witness to a homicide, which he reports to the Police. The killers have him killed, leaving Sonia devastated. Unable to recuperate, she travels to New Zealand, and this is where she meets Rohit's look-alike, Raj Chopra. After ascertaining she is not hallucinating, and that this person is not really Rohit, she returns to India. Shortly thereafter, Raj visits India, and both meet again. The killers become aware of Raj, believe he is Rohit, they plan to kill him, and in the process endanger Sonia's life as well. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Rohit, an aspiring singer falls in love with Sonia, a young woman from the elite class. However their love story is short lived as Rohit tragically dies in a car accident. A depressed Sonia is then sent to New Zealand by the orders of her father and meets Raj, an exact lookalike of Rohit. Unable to take the trauma, Sonia returns to India with Raj pursuing her. After landing in India, Raj is attacked by a mysterious assassin. It's there that he and Sonia realize that Rohit didn't die accidentally but was murdered. Together, with the help of Rohit's family and friends they seek out Rohit's killers with love coincidentally developing. Krishan In the equivalent of the blue lagoon, young Indians Rohit and Sonia end up on an deserted island after their ship meets with an accident. They are thrown into each others arms literally and fall headlong in love with each other. They are eventually rescued, arrive home, and get married. Rohit likes to sing and dance for a living. One while doing so, he witnesses a murder, he runs to inform the police, but is killed, leaving behind a sorrowing wife and the rest of the family. Sonia is depressed for a long time, and travels to New Zealand to get over this depression. This is where she meets a Rohit look-alike named Raj. Sonia does not want any commitments as she has not gotten over Rohit, she returns to India. Raj follows her, and the people who killed Rohit, think Raj is Rohit and set about to kill him also. Will Raj be also killed, and will Sonia accept Raj in place of Rohit? Sumitra (corrected by Carrie) Sonia Saxena comes from a very wealthy family, on her birthday her dad, Mr. Saxena gifted her a car. She gets to meet Rohit, an aspiring singer who delivers the car to her. This meeting shows a great impact on both Rohit and Sonia. Their attraction turns to love when their cruise ship abandons them on a deserted island. Upon there return to civilization, Rohit meets with an accident and is killed immediately. A grief-stricken Sonia is sent to New Zealand to her cousin to recover. When she reached there she meets Raj Chopra, and to her shock he shows a great resemblance to Rohit. Sonia would like to forget her troubled past but faith has something else in store for her as tragedy strikes on both Raj and Sonia when they return to India. But the question remains: Why would tragedy strikes on innocent Raj and Sonia? raj (krazymonster@ymail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rohit (Hrithik Roshan) and his younger brother Amit are orphans living with an elderly couple, Lily and Anthony. Rohit is an aspiring singer who works as a salesman in a car showroom, run by Malik. One day he meets Sonia Saxena (Ameesha Patel), daughter of Mr. Saxena at a traffic signal and has a brief interaction. On the occasion of her birthday, her father gifts her a car brought from the showroom where Rohit works. When Rohit goes to deliver a car to her home, they meet again. Unknown to everybody, including Rohit and Sonia, Saxena and Malik are running a drug cartel with help of two corrupt police officers. Another chance meeting leads Rohit and Sonia to meet again at her birthday party. After Rohit sings for her, Atul, who is Malik's son and Sonia's friend invites him on a cruise to perform. The happy group board the cruise ship and have a wonderful time until the girls try to flirt with the Rohit who is immensely good looking. This makes Sonia jealous and in a fit of rage, she gets drunk on and sulks on a lifeboat. Rohit tries to coax her but they have a row and he too gets drunk. Both of them pass out and the lifeboat gets separated from the ship and floats to an island. During their time on the island, they continue to fight. They also even fight because Sonia took the flag off and used it to catch fish for dinner, was used to signal. The search party came and left and he calls her names, they also push and attempt to kill each other. At that point, Sonia accidentally slips on a rock and falls into the ocean and she tells Rohit to save her because she is unable to swim. Rohit jumps into the ocean to save her. Sonia signals him to come to her. Rohit tries to save her, but he is unable to. Sonia notices that he's drowning and comes to save him and bring him back to shore. She finds out that Rohit doesn't know how to swim. She notices that he's not breathing and pumps him up. After that is unsuccessful, she removes his shoes and socks and tries to pump him up again. This time, she is successful after seeing some water come out of his mouth and he gets up coughing. She finds out that she successfully saved him. Sonia tells him that Rohit shouldn't have jumped into the water and risked his life for her if he doesn't know how to swim. She claims that she was just joking and she also asks why he did it. Rohit says that he loves her and Sonia tells him to say it again and again. This implies that they have fallen in love. Later, Sonia raises the same flag, so that the search party saves them and she wants to confess her love to Rohit to the whole world. This time, Rohit says that he doesn't want to go back, because there are lots of barriers there. They are eventually rescued by Saxena, who does not approve of their love due to their class differences. He also demands that Malik immediately fire Rohit. Sonia fails to make her father see what a good man Rohit is and she tells him that Saxena's hatred of Rohit prevents the former from knowing him better. Saxena says that there is no need for him to know Rohit and tells her to forget Rohit because she's going to New Zealand to complete her studies, but this does not stop her from still loving Rohit and seeing him. Sonia even sees him riding a bike, while Saxena explains the differences between her and him. Just then, Sonia gets out of the car and hops on Rohit's bike, and shows him that there is no difference this time. Malik explains to Saxena that he let Sonia go away with Rohit and he didn't even try to stop them. Saxena tells Malik that he couldn't think and Malik tells him that it's still not too late and to call the police or they will come back and marry and seek his blessings. Rohit, overhearing Malik, comes back and proves him wrong. He and Sonia did come back, but they didn't get married because eloping and marrying together would abuse their love. He explains that he loves Sonia and respects his love. He will only marry her once he starts earning and he also tells Saxena that he doesn't need his help when he offers him his help. Saxena tells Rohit that he needs to become successful before he can marry Sonia since she is from a rich, upper-class family. Sonia hugs her father after he accepts Rohit's love and promise. Rohit tells Saxena not to consider his presence a weakness. Saxena also agrees to that. Determined to prove himself, Rohit and his friends attempt to procure a record deal for him. Rohit eventually becomes a well-known artist and prepares to put on a concert. On the day of the show, after setting up the stage, Rohit sees Sonia. Sonia hugs him and tells him that without Rohit, nothing seems good. She once again tells Rohit that she loves him. Rohit accepts the same thing. Rohit then asks someone what time it is. Someone says that it is 5:00, which is when he has to pick up Amit from school. He borrows someone's bike and takes the key. While Rohit goes to pick up Amit, Rohit witnesses the corrupt policemen and Malik shooting down the Police Commissioner who has found out about their drug dealings. They discover Rohit's presence and shoot at him, wounding him. Although Rohit gets away, they pursue him over a bridge on the highway and knock his bike off track from the bridge causing him to fall into the river below. Rohit, who doesn't know how to swim, drowns. It's 8:00 and everyone is present at the show, but not Rohit. Tony informs everyone that Rohit met with an accident. Sonia is upset after hearing this. Tony takes them to where Rohit's accident is. Sonia tries to find Rohit but is unable to when the police officers stop her. She finds out that Rohit fell in the water and she yells that Rohit cannot swim and tells Atul to get him. A search party is sent down to find his body, but they are unable to find it. Amit is traumatised by the incident and Sonia goes into depression due to Rohit's death. After some time, her father sends her to New Zealand to live with his brother, so that Sonia overcomes her depression. Her cousin Neeta also tries to help Sonia break out of her depression by taking her out to explore the New Zealand nightlife. However, Sonia is unable to overcome her depression when she meets Neeta's friend Raj Chopra (also Hrithik Roshan). He strikingly resembles Rohit, although his personalities are different. Raj is attracted to Sonia, but she keeps running away from him. She tells him that he reminds her of Rohit more. On learning her story, Raj decides to try one more time and follows her to India. On the flight, both have a small fight and Raj decides to leave Sonia alone. He also explains to her that she can't imagine what she been through but she still has a life. After landing, he tells Sonia that he will not harass her any further and will go back to New Zealand tomorrow and gives her pictures of him. But soon, one of the corrupt officers spots them and opens fire on Raj, injuring his arm. After Raj and Sonia escape the shooting, Raj realizes that somebody is mistaking him for Rohit. With this incident, Raj and Sonia realize that Rohit was murdered. Raj is welcomed by Rohit's landlords, friends, and well-wishers. His presence brings Amit out of his shell and they learn from Amit that he witnessed Rohit's murder. Raj decides to set the trap to expose the killers, posing as Rohit. Only Sonia and Rohit's acquaintances know the truth. Sonia tries to stop the concert since it might put Raj in danger. But Raj tells her that he must do this since he loves Sonia a lot. Even though Sonia likes Raj, she is still heartbroken about Rohit's death. The police officers along with Saxena and Malik panic on learning that "Rohit" is alive. Raj performs a concert as Rohit, and Malik and the corrupt officers arrive there undercover. Saxena learns the truth from Sonia and he tries to warn Malik. After the concert, Raj reveals unknown details of the shooting that he learned from Amit. Due to these details, Malik assumes that Raj really is Rohit and that Saxena is playing a double game. Before Raj can reveal the names of the people who killed Rohit, he is shot at again by one of the corrupt officers but is saved due to wearing a protective bullet-proof jacket. In order to catch Raj (who they believe may be Rohit), the corrupt officers kidnap Sonia. Raj succeeds in killing them as well as their henchmen and rescues Sonia. Malik soon arrives on the scene, revealing his motive for mercilessly pursuing Sonia and Raj. Just as Malik is about to reveal the truth about his connection to Saxena, he is shot by Saxena himself, who feigns anger at his daughter's kidnapping. Amit arrives and immediately recognizes Malik as the man who killed Rohit. He tells Raj that on the day of the shooting, Malik was talking to someone named 'Sir Ji' over the phone. Raj finds Sir ji's number in Malik's cell phone and makes a call. When Saxena's phone rings, Raj understands that Saxena was the man Malik called before getting Rohit killed through Malik's phone. On being confronted, Saxena admits that he had committed a crime in front of Sonia and Raj before being arrested. Raj goes home with his family and friends. Sonia tells Raj she loves him and does not want to lose her love again. Raj agrees to the same thing. Sonia and Raj return to New Zealand, taking Amit with them. They get married with the blessings of their family and friends. 
 Tamasha (2015)431) Tamasha is about the journey of someone who has lost his edge in trying to follow acceptable conventions of society. The film is based on the central theme of abrasion and loss of self that happens in an attempt to find oneself. King Motwani All stories are same and yet one needs to find their own story. But before you start the journey of creating your own story, one must free oneself from being a character in stories created by other people. Ved (Ranbir Kapoor) is one such character displaying erratic behavior who realizes that the end to his suffering is to create his own story. Ved and Tara accidentally meet in Corsica, France and decide to spend the next 7 days together with secretly revealing their true identity or without any promise to meet later, ever. Tara eventually falls in love with Ved and goes to find Ved after 4 years, and helps him to find his true story where he belongs. thesangramkakad Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Ved (Ranbir Kapoor) and Tara's (Deepika Padukone) monotonous back stories as people in the corporate world. A flashback shows, as a child in Shimla, Ved is fascinated by the stories narrated by a road side story teller (Piyush Mishra) who keeps mixing up his characters. The film moves to real time where Tara meets adult Ved, while both are holidaying in Corsica. They come up with an amusing verbal pact to keep their real identities undisclosed. They explore the island together. They pretend to be "Don" and "Mona Darling" and talk in filmy dialogues. When she realizes she is falling in love with Ved, Tara decides to leave Corsica despite the romantic friendship with him. The story flashes back to young Ved who questions the story-teller about the reason for happy times ending quickly and notices each story has a sad episode in it. Tara returns to Kolkata, India. Tara's father (played by Nikhil Bhagat) hands over his tea business to Tara, she expands it by starting a line of tea boutiques, taking the company ahead. She is off to Delhi for work and four years have passed. One day, Tara surprisingly meets Ved, who is now a product manager. They reveal their original identities. They plan for a date at a Japanese restaurant. She expects him to talk like the days in Corsica but Ved talks about business. She calls Ved up home to be intimate. Ved leaves for his home and next morning Ved wakes up on time, completes the morning chores, wipes the car, ignores the transgender on the way, lets a female colleague into the lift-all this happens on his way to the office. He fixes a plan for meeting Tara again in the evening. Each morning to evening, similar incidents repeat monotonously. On Ved's birthday, he proposes to Tara but she is unhappy with the real-life Ved. She declines the proposal. Ved leaves for his home by an auto-rickshaw. The driver (played by Ishteyak Khan) narrates how his dreams of becoming a singer were crushed. Ved breaks down and his residual mental disorder is triggered.[5] An exacerbated Ved due to his Borderline personality ends up upsetting his boss with nonsensical presentation in a business meeting. Ved begs Tara to come back to his life. She indirectly informs him she is fixated in Ved's divergent personality from Corsica, not the matured Ved who lives by societal conventions. Later Tara expresses her realization of hurting him and apologizes. Frustrated Ved leaves. Next day, Ved continues his office routine with a change, gives a diamond ring to the transgender and he gets evicted from his workplace for his continuous mindless behaviors. Ved comes back to Shimla and reveals he was jobless and wandering for six months. After a tussle with his father, Ved gains introspection from a reflection in the mirror, he realizes that to complete his own story, he needs to meet the old story-teller. The old story-teller criticizes Ved's irrationality, and confronts him to complete his own story. This opens Ved's eyes. Ved narrates his life story to his family members. Moved by this, his father forgives him for leaving engineering and lets Ved pursue his life as he wishes. Ved returns to Delhi and takes the diamond ring returned to him by the affectionate transgender. Tara, after finishing a business meeting at Oracle in Tokyo, heads for refreshment where she finds a note titled "Don Returns". Perplexed about Ved's presence, she moves around the office campus and Ved draws her attention with the "Don" personality from Corsica. The film goes into a flashback and shows scenes from Shimla of a free spirited-young Ved, a college going Ved and an adult Ved. The film returns to present day (first scene of the film) where Ved and Tara complete the process of putting up an elaborated skit on stage (in continuation of the opening scene of the film) a spectacle which depicts of their own life story. 
 Kuch Kuch Hota Hai (1998)761) During their college years, Anjali was in love with her best-friend Rahul, but he had eyes only for Tina. Years later, Rahul and the now-deceased Tina's eight-year-old daughter attempts to reunite her father and Anjali. Rahul Khanna and Anjali Sharma were best friends at college. Anjali realizes that she has fallen in love with Rahul but she's too late because Rahul has already fallen for Tina Malhotra. Heartbroken, Anjali leaves the city. Tina and Rahul get married and soon Tina becomes pregnant, giving birth to a daughter which they call Anjali. Due to complications during pregnancy, Tina passes away. Anjali is brought up by her father, and each year on her birthday he allows his daughter to read one of her mother's letters. Through these letters she learns that her mother (Tina) knew that another Anjali was in love with Rahul, and vows to bring them together again. Soumitra On her 8th Birthday Anjali receives letter of her late mother Tina who tells her about her college life and about her father Rahul and his friend Anjali,Anjali a Tom boy girl and Rahul a Casanova were best friends in college,Anjali secretly loves him but Rahul takes her only as a friend.When Tina arrives in college Rahul and she falls in love and heartbroken Anjali leaves the college.At end of the letter Tina mentions her last wish to unite Rahul and Anjali.A little Anjali tries all best ways to unite her father with lost love Anjali.But she is soon to be married to Aman. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Rahul has just lost his wife, Tina, due to childbirth. His daughter, Anjali and his mother is all he is left with. Tina has left eight letters for her daughter to read on every birthday. The eighth one is the most important. Anjali reads the letter and Tina discusses in the letter about his best friend, Anjali. There is an important task that Tina has asked her daughter to carry out. It's up to Anjali to do it. Anu Kapoor Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, is the story of Rahul and Anjali. Both of them students at St. Xavier's College. Anjali being a tomboy gets along very well with Rahul and the other boys. Rahul and Anjali are also the best of friends. Being so close to each other, Rahul and Anjali would probably have fallen in love, however they were too busy enjoying themselves being best buddies! And then Tina (Ranee Mukherjee) the Principal's daughter came into their lives. For Anjali, Tina was a third member of their gang, however, for Rahul, his life was never the same after meeting her. He fell in love with Tina. Anjali was finally beginning to fall in love with Rahul, and when she finally does manage to sum up the courage to tell Rahul about her feelings, Rahul tells her in his usual friendly manner, that he is falling in love with Tina. Totally oblivious to him, he broke her heart. Broken hearted Anjali decides to leave the college mid-term making up an excuse. It is at this point that Tina's suspicions come true. love triangle Anjali Sharma (Kajol)is a tomboy, and is very friendly with the local casanova Rahul Khanna (Shahrukh Khan). She thinks that Rahul will eventually fall in love and marry her. Things seem to be going according to plan, then Tina Malhotra (Rani Mukherji) enters their lives, and Rahul falls head-over-heels in love with her, and marries her. This breaks Anjali's heart and she leaves to go and settle far away. The marriage of Rahul and Tina results in the birth of baby Anjali (Sana Saeed), and due to complications following the birth, Tina loses a lot of blood and passes away, leaving Rahul devastated. Anjali Khanna grows up, and finds out that her mom had left her some letters to read, and she does so, and finds out that her dad may have been in love with Anjali instead without realizing it. She then makes attempts to make both of them meet again. She does locate Anjali, only to find out that she is to marry Aman Mehra (Salman Khan) shortly, and Rahul and the heartbreak she suffered is history. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rahul (Shahrukh Khan) and his wife Tina (Rani Mukherjee) give birth to a baby girl. Tina soon dies due to bleeding organs but before she dies she asks Rahul to name their daughter Anjali. Eight years later, Anjali reads a letter her mother had left for her shortly before her death. The letter tells her daughter about Rahul's best female friends during college, Anjali (Kajol). Tina joined the college in third year and stole Rahul's heart. However, she soon realised that Rahul and Anjali were deeply in love. On realising Rahul loved Tina, Anjali left and completely lost touch with Rahul. Now Rahul's daughter is given a mission to bring Rahul and his old best friend back together but will she succeed? 
 Lagaan: Once Upon a Time in India (2001)66) The people of a small village in Victorian India stake their future on a game of cricket against their ruthless British rulers. This is the story about the resilience shown by the Indians when they were under the British Rule. They are already taxed to the bone by the British and their cronies, but when Jack Russell announces that he will double the Lagaan (tax) from all villagers, they decide to oppose it. Leading the villagers is a handsome young man named Bhuvan, who challenges them to a game of cricket, a game that is to be played by veteran British cricket players, versus villagers, including Bhuvan himself, who have never played this game before, and do not even know a bat from a piece of wood. As the challenge is accepted, the interest grows and attracts Indians from all over the region, as well as the British from all over the country - as everyone gathers to see the 'fair play' that the British will display against their counter-parts, who are aided by none other than the sister, Elizabeth, of Captain Rusell. Sumitra (corrected by Sonia) Sometime during latter half of the 19th century, a small village in North India is facing drought conditions. Captain Andrew Russell, the British captain of the nearby cantonment, demands double of the usual land tax (lagaan) from the villagers. When the villagers' representatives go to meet Captain Russell to discuss the situation, Capt. Russell challenges them to a game of cricket with his team after three months. A young villager Bhuvan accepts the challenge and starts to build his team of villagers for the showdown with their colonial rulers. Soumitra Set in India in the late-1800s, the local British rulers are imposing excessively high taxes on the local population. One of the local villagers has a run-in with the senior British officer, resulting in a cricket match between the British and the villagers. If the villagers win, they don't have to pay taxes for three years. If they lose, they have to pay three times their usual taxes. grantss The rains have failed, and the people of a small Indian village in Victorian India hope that they will be excused from paying the crippling land tax that their British rulers have imposed. Instead, the capricious British officer in charge challenges them to a game of cricket, a game totally alien and unknown to them. If they win, they get their wish; if they lose, however, the increased tax burden will destroy their lives. The people are terrified, but one man thinks the challenge is worth staking their entire future on. Will he convince the villagers to give it their best shot? sd268 Circa late 1800s, India is ruled and governed by the British. A small rural town is asked to pay it's annual taxes to a British army captain. The Rajah of this town, Puran Singh, pleads before Captain Andrew Russell to reduce the levy as monsoons had not been adequate and as a result crops had suffered. But the Captain does not agree. Taking advantage of the simple-minded townspeople, he magnanimously makes a offer to play cricket with their team, if they win then there will no taxes levied, but if they lose then they will end up thrice the amount of taxes. The Rajah returns to confer with his subjects. A young man by the name of Bhuvan tells the Rajah that he will make up a team and that the Rajah should accept the Captain's challenge. The Rajah delightedly does so, much to the glee and amusement of the Captain. Then begins the task of selecting a team. Bhuvan finds this to be a real challenge, as no one has really played cricket, they do not even own a bat or a ball. The selection of the team is marred with problems as to religion and caste, with some men saying that they will never play in the same team with a person of a lower caste. Nevertheless, Bhuvan pushes on, and does manage to come up with eleven men. Then begins the practice, and Bhuvan finds an ally in Elizabeth Russell, Captain Russell's sister, who agrees to coach them on the sly. The team uses a large stick in place of a bat, and a round stone as a ball. Each player is assigned certain tasks, and the tension reverberates as the day of the actual match draws closer. News get around, and people from miles around flock to watch this match. They are joined by several senior ranking British Officers. This match now has become a prestige issue, and the British High Command makes it known that it not stand to lose face at any cost. Finally, the day arrives. The match begins. Bhuvan and the Rajah hope that they have covered all potholes, and hope for a miracle. But what the two had not banked on was treachery at the hands of one of their very own players, who had accepted a bribe from Captain Russell, to ensure that the Indian team loses. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 