nm0004757:

 Cruel Intentions (1999)761) Two vicious step-siblings of an elite Manhattan prep school make a wager: to deflower the new headmaster's daughter before the start of term. Kathryn Merteuil and Sebastian Valmont are seductive, manipulative step-siblings who get what they want when they want it. Kathryn makes a bet with Sebastian: Sebastian must bed Annette, daughter of the headmaster at their school, before the end of summer break. Annette has stated that she would wait until love and marriage to sleep with a man. If Kathryn wins, she gets Sebastian's vintage 1959 Jaguar Roadster. If Sebastian wins, he gets Kathryn, the only girl he knows he'll never have. Also in play is Cecile, a nave girl whose mother had enlisted Kathryn to help her fit in at her new school. However, Kathryn (with Sebastian's help) plans to ruin Cecile's reputation as revenge on Kat's ex-boyfriend, who left her for Cecile. Kathryn makes a bet that her step-brother, Sebastian, won't be able to bed Annette (a virgin, who wants to wait until marriage) before the start of the school year. If he loses, Kathryn gets his Roadster, if he wins, he gets Kathryn. Scott Stoecker <mrgastruck@yahoo.com> Kathryn and Sebastian, two wealthy, manipulative teenage step-siblings from Manhattan's upper-crust, conspire in Cruel Intentions, a wickedly entertaining tale of seduction and betrayal. The stakes are high when the duo agrees upon a deliciously diabolical wager of sexual conquest without consequences. The pawns? The naive Celcile Caldwell and the virginal Annette Hargrove. Its summer break, and Kathryn has been dumped by her beau, Court Reynolds, for the innocent Cecile. Desperate to get even, Kathryn challenges Sebastian to ruin Celcile by deflowering her and turning her into a tramp-thus humiliating Court by delivering Cecile to him as damaged goods. Sebastian has pretty much 'had' all of the girls in New York City up to this point, and he's gotten a bit bored of it all. Though this is too easy a conquest for him, he obliges. He sets his sights on a greater challenge-the new headmaster's daughter, Annette, who recently wrote an article in Seventeen Magazine about how she intends to stay pure until she marries her boyfriend. Sebastian bets Kathryn that he can seduce the chaste and pristine Annette before school begins in the fall. Kathryn thinks this feat impossible and quickly agrees to the wager. The stakes: if Sebastian succeeds, Kathryn must give him a night of unbridled pleasure, something's he's wanted since their parents got married. If he fails, he must forfeit his priceless 1956 Jaguar to Kathryn and suffer the shame of defeat. --- Bickering step-siblings together quietly control much of the social lives of the students in an affluent NY prep school. Sebastian sees himself as a kind of Don Juan, who always gets his woman, while Katherine would rather enact revenge on ex-flames and corrupt incoming freshmen. One day, Kathryn and Sebastian, driven by a mutual lust for each other and a love of messing with innocent young people's lives, hatch a nefarious plan, and place a kind of bet. Sebastian is to woo and bed the daughter of the new headmaster (a very adamant virgin with plans to only "wait until marriage"), and if he is able to accomplish this seemingly impossible task, he can have his way with Kathryn - the one woman whom he KNOWS he can not have. If he is unable to seduce the ice queen, however, Katherine gets his classic car. J.J. Neal A pair of unscrupulous siblings star in a sexy tale of seduction, revenge and conquest. After cleverly seducing and ruining the reputation of an unsuspecting classmate, the sparks fly when Kathryn poses the ultimate challenge to her insatiable stepbrother Sebastian: deflower the Headmaster's beautiful, virgin daughter Annette. If he fails, Kathryn gets his 1956 jaguar convertible, but if he succeeds, Sebastain gets to possess and bed Kathryn. The stakes are high, but for Sebastian, the payoff is feverishly irresistible and before the summer's over, no one will escape their relentless game of cat and mouse . . . until one of them is bitten by the most unlikely sensation of all . . . love. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. New York City. 1999. The womanizing Sebastian Valmont (Ryan Phillippe) is with his therapist Dr. Greenbaum (Swoosie Kurtz) to talk with her over his sexual urges over other women. Sebastian decides that he is more or less cured and bids goodbye to him to set out as a new man. She thinks she has convinced him of sustaining longer and more serious relationships with girls. After Sebastian leaves her office, Dr. Greenbaum gets a phone call from her distraught daughter Marci (Tara Reid) who claims that her boyfriend just broke up with her and posted a nude photograph of her on the Internet. Dr. Greenbaum realizes that Sebastian is the guy whom Marci is talking about and she chases after him and yells at him for violating and corrupting her daughter in front of a small crowd. Sebastian slyly denies knowing who Dr. Greenbaum is and leaves, only stopping to pick up another young woman. Kathryn Merteuil (Sarah Michelle Gellar), the image of social perfection, takes the sheltered and naive Cecile Caldwell (Selma Blair), under her wing, promising to turn Cecile into a model student like herself. Kathryn's real intention, however, is to take revenge on Court Reynolds, Kathryn's own ex-lover, who dumped her for the "innocent little twit", Cecile. Kathryn intends to corrupt Cecile by getting her to sleep with as many men as possible, thereby destroying her reputation and teaching Court a lesson. Kathryn asks for help from her step-brother, who happens to be Sebastian. Though Kathryn and Sebastian have collaborated in schemes of manipulation before, he initially refuses. He is busy planning another "conquest", the beautiful Annette Hargrove (Reese Witherspoon), a girl who has published a manifesto saying that she plans to keep her virginity intact until she gets married. Annette is the only daughter of the new headmaster at their prep school Manchester, which is currently closed for the summer season. Sebastian learns that Annette will be staying with his aunt Helen Rosemond (Louise Fletcher) in the Hamptons on Long Island and Sebastian hopes that it will be a perfect opportunity to seduce Annette. Kathryn doesn't think Sebastian has a chance with Annette, so they make a wager. If Kathryn wins, she gets Sebastian's vintage Jaguar, a 1956 XK140 Roadster; if Sebastian wins, she offers him a night of passion with her, as she is the only girl Sebastian cannot bed. Sebastian initially rejects this deal, being very enamored of his car, but relents when Kathryn ups the ante, telling him that he can "put it anywhere." Meanwhile, Ronald Clifford (Sean Patrick Thomas), Cecile's music teacher for the summer, is also smitten with Cecile, and Kathryn makes arrangements for Ronald and Cecile to spend time together, hoping that he will take Cecile's virginity. On Long Island, Sebastian has a hard time seducing Annette when they first meet. Through they have chemistry, she sees right through him and rejects his advances claiming that she knows that he seduces and corrupts young women for his own twisted enjoyment. Shocked and angry by Annette's rejection of him, Sebastian confides in a Manchester Prep student Blaine (Joshua Jackson) about Annette's knowledge about his past. Blaine suggests that Annette's ex-boyfriend and Blaine's current lover Greg McConnell (Eric Mabius) may have accused him. After a confrontation later that same night, where Sebastian threatens to reveal Greg's homosexual relationship with Blaine, Greg denies that he told Annette anything. Seeing that Greg has no reason to lie, Sebasian then tells Greg to find out who has been bad-mouthing him to Annette while telling him to tell Annette a fabricated story about his good intentions. Later, Sebastian learns from Greg that Annette has been forewarned of his libertine ways by none other than Cecile's mother, Mrs. Bunny Caldwell (Christine Baranski). Wanting revenge, Sebastian returns to New York and re-joins Kathryn in her plans to corrupt Cecile. Kathryn engineers Ronald's break-up with Cecile by informing Mrs. Caldwell of their flirtations; Mrs. Caldwell quickly ends their affair and fires Ronald as Cecile's music teacher. Sebastian, in turn, calls Cecile to his house, ostensibly to give her a letter from Ronald. Once at his house, Sebastian blackmails Cecile and convinces her to have oral sex. The next day, Cecile confides in Kathryn, who advises her to learn the art of sex from Sebastian so that she can make Ronald happy in bed. Meanwhile, Sebastian continues his quest of Annette by continuting to put on a compasionate facade to discredit his bad-boy reputation. He tells Annette that he thinks of other people and demonstrates by volunteering at a hospice care facility where she also volunteers. He also gives money donations to charity groups knowing Annette is observing him which is also a part of his ploy to get back on her good graces. Over the next few days, Sebastian begins to fall in love with Annette, who returns his feelings but still keeps her defenses up. Sebastian declares that Annette is a hypocrite, waiting for love but refusing to sleep with the guy that loves her. Confused and beaten by Sebastian's logic, Annette relents, but Sebastian, now feeling guilty for leading her on, refuses her. Heartbroken and embarrased, Annette flees his aunt's estate. Sebastian tracks her down at her parents hotel suite in New York and professes his love, and they consummate their feelings. Kathryn offers herself to Sebastian the next day, since he has won the bet, but he refuses; his romantic focus is now on Annette. Kathryn taunts Sebastian for having gone soft, then convinces him that his love for Annette is nothing more than a infatuation. Kathryn threats to ruin Annette's reputation unless Sebastian breaks up with her. Swayed by Kathryn's threat, Sebastian coldly breaks up with Annette and returns to Kathryn. Kathryn, however, now refuses to sleep with him. After Sebastian tells Kathryn that he has arranged for Cecile and Ronald to be together, Kathryn reveals that she has known all along that he was truly in love with Annette, yet she manipulated him to give it up. While Sebastian may have initially won the bet, she made him lose his first true love, and she (Kathryn) does not sleep with "losers." Sebastian, hurt and angry, leaves and declares war on Kathryn. After trying unsuccessfully to talk to Annette, he sends her his journal, in which he has detailed all his previous "conquests" and written his true feelings for Annette. He wants to offer the diary to Annette, hoping she will learn the truth for herself and forgive him. Kathryn, meanwhile, informs Ronald of Sebastian's affair with Cecile; Kathryn also claims that Sebastian had hit her (in a deleted scene Sebastian indeed slapped Kathryn). A furious Ronald confronts Sebastian in the middle of the street outside Annette's apartment building and a fist fight ensues. Annette, in search of Sebastian, comes upon the fight and tries to stop it. She is thrown into the way of an oncoming taxi cab. Sebastian pushes her to safety and is hit by the speeding cab himself. Annette rushes to his side. Before he dies, he professes his love for her, and she reciprocates. A few weeks later, the new school year at Manchester Prep is inaugurated with Sebastian's funeral. During the service, Kathryn gives a self-sufficient speech to the school about how she had unsuccessfully tried to get Sebastian to mend his ways and become a model student like herself. Halfway through her speech, students start walking out. Flustered, Kathryn rushes outside the chapel, where Cecile is distributing copies of Sebastian's journal (entitled Cruel Intentions) to all the students. The journal shows all of Sebastian's inner thoughts: his conquests, his description of the bet, and a page on Kathryn, which finally exposes her manipulative and deceitful ways, including the fact that she hides a vial of cocaine in a crucifix she wears in the rosary beads around her wrist. The headmaster takes Kathryn's crucifix and opens it, spilling the cocaine. Kathryn's spotless reputation is destroyed, and people finally see her for the troubled, callous mastermind that she is. In the final shot, Annette drives away in Sebastian's Jaguar, putting his sunglasses on, with his journal by her side and fond memories of being with Sebastian playing through her head. 
 Hellboy (2004)651) A demon, raised from infancy after being conjured by and rescued from the Nazis, grows up to become a defender against the forces of darkness. At the end of World War II, Nazi officers Karl Ruprecht Kroenen and Ilsa Haupstein start an experiment to raise the forces of Hell trough Russian dark mystic Rasputin on a Scottish island, but it's interrupted by an allied commando guided by professor Trevor "Broom" Bruttenholm. He prevents killing the human-demonic half-blood, which was accidentally created and raises this "Hellboy", while rising to head of a secret C.I.A.-linked U.S. agency Bureau of Paranormal Research, which secretly studies and uses the occult, including supernatural freaks. As "father" Broom is aging, he hand-picks brilliant, sensitive Agent John Myers as new minder-companion, as regular "warrior" Agent Clay can't empathize and lacks flexibility mental. Hellboy is quite a handful, regularly spotted by worried civilians on unauthorized excursions, especially to pyro-telekinetic freak friend in a mental asylum. Johnny, Hellboy, and Clay team up on missions against paranormal threats with aquatic-bionic freak Abe Sapien. Their task proves to be daunting, as monster Sammael multiplies every time it "dies", while Rasputin and the Nazis reemerge, armed for revenge. KGF Vissers Spawned in the fiery pits of Hell, humankind's unlikely defender--the scarlet-skinned, cigar-chomping, gun-toting, hornless demon with the heart of a human, Hellboy--finds himself battling the same evil forces, nearly sixty years after thwarting Adolf Hitler 's occult scheme in 1944. As a special member of the top-secret Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defence, led by his father-figure, Trevor Bruttenholm, Hellboy along with his equally exotic brothers-in-arms--the telepathic amphibious man, Abe Sapiens, and the beautiful fire-starter, Liz Sherman--join forces with the FBI agent, John Myers, to avert the plans of the sinister Russian mystic, Grigory Rasputin . Once more, the world's future is at stake. Can Hellboy, the infernal hero, save the day? Nick Riganas Hellboy isn't your average hero. Hell, he isn't even your average superhero. Brought forth by the Nazis during a sacred ritual towards the end of World War II. Our hero was summoned by accident when the evil monk of Russian history and folklore, Grigori Rasputin was meddling with forces that lead to his undoing. With the twisted and evil monster trapped for another sixty years when things don't go as planned (U.S. soldiers heroically intervened). Hellboy is raised by Professor Trevor "Broom" Bruttenholm, an expert in the occult. Our demonic hero is initiated in to the Bureau of Paranormal Research, were he joins the amphibious, kind-hearted, and clever fellow "freak", Abe Sapien. When Rasputin returns once again with the aid of his minions, the maniacal, undead assassin Kroenen and the monk's faithful lover Ilsa. Hellboy must unwillingly pair up with John Myers, an idealistic, naive new Agent of the Bureau. Not only that, but the big hunk of an evil basher becomes entangled in a love triangle with the pyro-telekinetic love of his life Liz and his new comrade. Fighting evil couldn't prove to be more difficult, or out there. robert-filmfan(robert@mcelwaines.fsnet.co.uk) When the Nazis attempt to use black magic during the last days of World War II, a monkey-like demon is thrown into the real world. Trevor "Broom" Bruttenholm discovers the creature and rescues it from any danger. The creature grows up and goes by the name of "Hellboy". Working in secrecy, Hellboy works to rid any evil. When some familiar faces from the past appear, it's going to take more than Hellboy to stop them. FilmFanUk Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with the voice of Professor Broom (John Hurt) asking a question that will shadow the rest of the film: "What is it that makes a man a man'? Is it his origins- the way things start"??? The voiceover goes on to give some backstory: it is 1944, nearing the end of World War 2, and Hitler is resorting to the occult in a desperate attempt to turn the tide of war in his favor. The scene opens on an island off the coast of Scotland, where young Professor Broom requests that the military personnel be given rosary beads before continuing on the assignment. But the sergeant in charge just laughs at Broom, thinking him a paranoid moron. American troops arrive at a set of ruins and find a group of Nazi scientists led by Rasputin and his mistress, IIsa. They are protected by a mysterious figure in a gas mask named Kroenen, reportedly Hitler's top assassin. Rasputin attaches himself to a mysterious device designed to open a portal to another dimension and awaken forces known as "The Seven Gods of Chaos." Just as the portal opens, the American troops launch grenades into the site, killing some scientists. Kroenen attacks the Americans, killing several and wounding Professor Broom in the leg. Broom crawls over to a fallen soldier and picks up a grenade, hurling it just beneath the portal. Kroenen breaks off his attack and tries to remove the grenade, but cannot get to it in time. The grenade explodes, destroying the portal and Kroenan's right hand. Kroenen is then impaled by a fragment from the portal and is presumed dead. Rasputin is unexpectedly sucked into the portal, closing it. Professor Broom has his leg bandaged while instructing the remaining soldiers to search the island- fearful that something may have come through the portal before they could close it. Broom and another soldier suddenly encounter a strange red ape-like creature with a massive stone hand. The soldiers are fearful, but Broom manages to attract the creature with a Baby Ruth candy bar. They realize that this creature, whatever it may be, is just an infant and is essentially harmless to them. The soldiers give the creature a name based on its demonic appearance: "Hellboy." The movie's credits then show Hellboy's position in modern-day society, effectively as an "urban legend" like Bigfoot or other such creatures. Fast-forward sixty years and a much older Professor Broom is being examined by doctors. The findings are not good; he has cancer and not much can be done about it. On his way home, Broom sees his friend Tom Manning (Jeffery Tambor) on TV, answering questions about a recent photograph supposedly taken of Hellboy. Manning denies Hellboy's existence. Meanwhile, a lone figure on a motor scooter arrives at a waste management plant. He activates the speaker-phone and identifies himself as John Meyers (Rupert Evans), a recent graduate of FBI training supposedly reporting for his first assignment. He is taken downstairs by a secret elevator and ends up in a gigantic library with a water tank in the middle of the room. A strange voice asks Meyers to turn the pages on some books, and a strange fish-like humanoid reveals itself inside the tank. Professor Broom arrives and introduces the fish-man as Abe Sapien (voiced by David Hyde Pierce). Meyers is about to introduce himself, but Abe interrupts by reciting a number of facts about Meyers supposedly out of nowhere. Broom explains that Abe has a unique brain, allowing him certain telepathic abilities. Broom feeds Abe a few rotten eggs-a strange delicacy that Abe has acquired a taste for. Professor Broom explains that this is the Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defense (BPRD), and Meyers is their newest ally. The scene shifts to snowy mountains far away. IIsa and Kroenen are hiking to a sacred location. They kill their guide and use his blood to ressurect Rasputin. Meyers is given a brief history of the BPRD and its activities, and is then introduced to his superior, Agent Clay. Broom gives Meyers 2 Baby Ruth bars and wishes him well. Clay brings Meyers into a huge vault like room and introduces the BPRD's pride and joy: Hellboy, now an adult (played by Ron Pearlman). Hellboy is less than eager about Meyer's arrival, seeing him as just another of the endless security measures he must live under. Midway through their introduction, an alarm sounds and Hellboy joyfully sets out to "go to work." A newscaster remarks that an alarm was triggered at a local museum, and that there has been no response from the guards inside. Clay brings Hellboy and Abe Sapien (wearing a type of scuba-suit to keep his gills hydrated), reporting that there is a large monster of some type inside the museum. Professor Broom (whom Hellboy calls "Father"), explains that a statue was destroyed and something trapped inside was freed. Hellboy loads up his trademark weapon, the Samaritan, and goes inside to investigate while Abe tries to research what the creature could be. Abe comes up with the name "Sammael" for this creature and tells Hellboy about it just as Hellboy encounters the creature. Hellboy shoots the monster a few times and walks away, just as Abe informs him that Sammael is also known as "the Hound of Resurrection." Hellboy turns around and is attacked, eventually thrown out a window. Hellboy encounters Rasputin, finding his voice familiar. Rasputin gives an ominous warning about Hellboy's future before Sammael attacks again. Meyers shows up and shoots Sammael, much to Hellboy's disdain (he doesn't like being helped). Hellboy attempts to reload his weapon when Meyers notices a strange seed-like creature on Hellboy's arm. Hellboy rips it off and gives it to Meyers, instructing him to save it for study. Hellboy shoots Sammael with a tracking bullet that leaks green fluid, making an easily traceable trail. Hellboy follows Sammael through a crowd and across several lanes of traffic. Meyers tries to keep up but is injured by a passing car and faces certain death before Hellboy returns to block the oncoming car and allowing Meyers to get across. Hellboy follows Sammael into a subway system, briefly losing contact when a passing train goes over his head. Fed up with the fight, Hellboy grabs the train track and electrocutes Sammael. Hellboy is unharmed by the attack because he has a resistance to fire. Wanting some freedom, Hellboy turns off his radio and goes to see his old friend Liz Sherman (Selma Blair), who used to stay at BPRD but has committed herself to a mental hospital. Meyers and some other agents finally arrive to take Hellboy back. Meyers looks up Liz Sherman's file and finds that she is a pyrokinetic (having the ability to start fire by thought) and that in her childhood she accidentally caused a huge blaze that cost dozens of lives. Tom Manning and Professor Broom are discussing Hellboy's latest activities. Manning is NOT happy with Hellboy or any of the people at BPRD, whom he calls "freaks." Abe Sapien uses his telepathy to show Professor Broom what happened at the museum: Kroenen killed the guards while Rasputin freed Sammael, enchanting the beast with a type of magic that will make 2 new creatures arise for every one that dies. Abe also learns through the telepathic exchange that the Professor is very sick, and the professor begs Abe to keep this secret from Hellboy. Hellboy is being examined by Abe and Broom back at base. They find a cluster of eggs in Hellboy's arm where the spore-like object was attached. Broom decides that Hellboy will go back to the subway the next day and look for any more eggs. That night, Rasputin visits Liz (in secret) at the mental hospital. He uses his powers to unlock her worst memory (the day of the explosion) and activating her fire-starting abilities, destroying the hospital. Hellboy and Broom discuss this the next morning while Hellboy files his horns (something he does regularly to appear more "Normal"). Meyers offers to speak with Liz and hopefully recruit her into the BPRD once more. Hellboy, Clay, Abe and two other agents return to the sewers to find the Eggs. Abe jumps into a cistern to capture a cluster of eggs, but is attacked and badly injured by another Sammael. The two agents are attacked and killed by yet another Sammeal, which Hellboy chases after. Clay is left behind and winds up getting stabbed by Kroenen, who then apparently commits suicide. Hellboy chases Sammael into a subway station, finally killing him again by smashing the monster into an oncoming train. Hellboy returns, shocked to find his friends wounded. Back at BPRD, Manning reveals that Abe will recover but Clay is too badly wounded and most likely will not survive the night. Manning and Hellboy clash, both angry about what has happened. Meanwhile, Liz has decided to come back to BPRD. Hellboy is in his room, struggling to write a letter for Liz that describes his feelings for her when Liz comes in and reveals that she is going on a date with Meyers. Hellboy is angry, but puts it aside and decides to follow them. Broom is doing an autopsy of sorts on Kroenen, where he learns that Kroenen is over 100 years old and his body is badly mutilated (due to a form of masochism). When the professor leaves, Kroenen uses a type of clockwork mechanism to restart his heart and allows Rasputin into the BPRD. Rasputin confronts the professor, taunting him for not knowing Hellboy's true purpose or name. Broom responds that-as far as he is concerned- Hellboy's proper title is "Son." Rasputin grants Broom a glimpse into the future, where Hellboy is responsible for Armageddon. Kroenen then executes Professor Broom. Meyers and Liz are still on their date (with Hellboy watching) when they are told what has happened. Hellboy is devestated by the loss, refusing to eat or speak for days. Manning takes over the BPRD (a job he does not relish) and announces that he will lead a team to Russia to find the source of Sammael's eggs. In Russia, Hellboy re-animates a corpse with magic and gets directions to Rasputin's Mausoleum. The group is divided inside, with Liz & Meyers in one direction and Hellboy & Manning in another. Hellboy and Manning find Kroenen's hiding place, and Hellboy saves Manning's life by attacking Kroenen with his stone fist. Kroenen attempts to lure Hellboy into a spiked pit, but Manning throws a gear at Kroenen, blocking his attack. Hellboy knocks Kroenen into the pit and kills him with a gigantic gear. Hellboy and Manning thank each other for their endeavors, having formed a type of mutual respect. Liz and Meyers find the egg chamber. Hellboy joins them, but he is overwhelmed by Sammael duplicates. Liz begs Meyers to attack her, hoping that it will trigger her fire-powers. It works, and Sammael (eggs and doubles) are destroyed for good. But Rasputin and IIsa take the opportunity to capture Hellboy and his friends. Rasputin wants Hellboy to use his "Right Hand of Doom" to finally free the Seven Gods of Chaos. Hellboy refuses, but learns that Liz is critically injured and may not survive. He agrees to Rasputin's terms and speaks his true name- "Anung-Un-Rama." Hellboy's horns suddenly grow to full length and he begins to breathe smoke, having embraced his "Demon" heritage. Meyers is able to free himself before Hellboy opens the final seal of the Gods. Meyers begs Hellboy to remember who he is, and throws the prayer-beads that once belonged to Professor Broom. Hellboy remembers that he does not have to be evil; he has a choice- and his father died so he could make that choice. Hellboy rips off his horns and stabs Rasputin with them, stating that he doesnt' need Rasputin to tell him who he is. Rasputin's death unleashes a monster (the last envoy of the Seven Gods, called Behemoth) that quickly grows in size. Hellboy gets Meyers and Liz out of the room, and Meyers gives him a weapon- a cluster of grenades intended for use on Sammael's eggs. Hellboy has a long fight with the Behemoth before finally getting the huge monster to swallow the grenades, destroying it. Hellboy returns only for Meyers to say that Liz has no pulse. Hellboy kneels down and speaks some words of apparent prayer, and Liz opens her eyes. She asks what he said. Hellboy responds that he was talking to those "on the other side," imploring them to give up Liz because he would gladly cross over himself to try and save her. Moved by his sentiments (and by the events of the last few days), the two kiss passionately. Liz's fire engulfs them both in moments, but Hellboy, being fireproof, is unharmed. Meyers stands on and concludes Professor Broom's earlier thoughts: "What is it that makes a man a man?' It's the choices he makes. Not how he starts things- but how he decides to end them." 
 Hellboy II: The Golden Army (2008)431) A prince of the mythical world starts a rebellion against humanity in order to rule the Earth, and Hellboy his team must fight to stop him from locating the all-powerful Golden Army. After saving the world from the evil Russian mystic, Grigory Rasputin , in Hellboy (2004) , the red-skinned gun-toting demon and humankind's strange protector, Hellboy, now struggle to accept that the operations of the Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defence must remain secret. As if that weren't enough, the powerful Elven-prince, Nuada, is bent on retrieving the fragments of a crown that commands the indestructible Golden Army: an omnipotent legion of clockwork warriors that can destroy all humans. Now, before this new menace, all hope rests on Hellboy and Liz's old brothers-in-arms, as well as the ectoplasmic being, Johann Krauss. However, the Earth's supernatural defenders seem to be no match for Nuada's unstoppable forces. Did Hellboy and the rest bite off more than they could chew? Nick Riganas In this continuation to the adventure of the demon superhero, an evil elf breaks an ancient pact between humans and creatures, as he declares war against humanity. He is on a mission to release The Golden Army, a deadly group of fighting machines that can destroy the human race. As Hell on Earth is ready to erupt, Hellboy and his crew set out to defeat the evil Prince before The Golden Army can destroy humanity's existence. ctfabian Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On Christmas Eve in 1955, the adolescent Hellboy ( Montse Rib ) is preparing for bed and requests a bedtime story from his father, Professor Bruttenholm ( John Hurt ). The professor tells Hellboy a legend about war between the humans and the people of the mystical realm. King Balor, leader of the magic elfin race, commissioned the creation of a "Golden Army," 70 times 70 magical mechanical soldiers. Balor received a crown that would allow him (or anyone with royal blood) to command the Army. The Golden Army attacked the humans with no mercy, and eventually Balor became consumed by regret. A truce was called between the warring factors; humans were given control of the cities while Balor's elves would keep to the forests. As a peace offering, Balor shattered his crown and gave one piece to the humans (still keeping two for himself). One of the few who did not agree with the truce was Balor's son, Prince Nuada. The Prince went into exile, vowing to return when his people needed him. And the Golden Army became dormant. In the present day, a mysterious albino man ( Luke Goss ) is practicing swordsmanship. It is Prince Nuada, ready to return from exile. He is joined by the monster known as Mr. Wink ( Brian Steele ) who follows his commands. A prestigious auction house is selling off several rare artifacts, including the humans' fragment of the Golden crown. Nuada arrives, takes the crown fragment and dispatches several mysterious creatures to dispose of the humans. At the Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defense, Agent Tom Manning ( Jeffrey Tambor ) has a meeting with Abe Sapien ( Doug Jones ). Manning is still mad at Hellboy; the B.P.R.D. is still an undercover organization yet Hellboy continues to let himself be seen in public. Abe explains that Hellboy's relationship with Liz Sherman is "tense" at the moment, which may be causing Hellboy's erratic behavior. At that moment, Hellboy ( Ron Perlman ) is blasted through the wall of his room; his pyrokinetic girlfriend Liz ( Selma Blair ) has become extremely angry and used her fire powers to send him flying. Hellboy's team is called to investigate the incident at the auction house. Manning gives Hellboy a pack of Cuban cigars as a bribe in one last attempt to persuade Hellboy to be discreet in his work. At the auction house Hellboy & the others learn that there are no survivors from the 70+ guests reported to be there. Abe searches through texts to find what might have caused such an attack. He finds boxes marked with a Royal Seal and uncovers an example of what the boxes might have contained: small, winged creatures known as "tooth fairies" because they feed on calcium. While using his psychic talents to try and find the creatures, Abe brings his hand close to Liz and senses that she is pregnant. Hellboy and his fellow agents are suddenly swarmed by the ravenous tooth fairies. Liz activates her fire powers to incinerate the creatures. The resulting battle sends Hellboy outside and in full view of news reporters. The BPRD is officially exposed to the world. Meanwhile, Prince Nuada and MR. Wink come to speak with King Balor ( Roy Dotrice ). Balor is content to let the truce between humans stand, and his daughter Nuala (Nuada's twin sister) ( Anna Walton ) is in agreement. But Prince Nuada feels that humans are insatiably greedy and will soon force the mystical creatures into extinction. Hellboy watches news reports about himself and the other agents on the evening news. Hellboy is delighted by all of it but Liz (secretly taking a pregnancy test) is furious about Hellboy making them public because she hates people "staring at her." Tom Manning tells Hellboy that Washington is sending down a new BPRD agent as a result of Hellboy's latest actions. Hellboy is less than thrilled. Balor and Nuada continue their argument. Nuada refuses to back down; he will do whatever is necessary to make the magical world safe from humans. Nuada kills his father and takes the second piece of the crown. Nuala flees from her brother with the third and final piece. Everyone at BPRD is awaiting the arrival of their new agent, Johann Krauss (voiced by Seth MacFarlane ). Krauss turns out to be a very strange entity; a containment suit proportioned like a man holding pure ectoplasmic energy. Krauss inspects the remains of one tooth fairy. He injects it with a sample of ectoplasmic energy to temporarily return the creature to life so they might learn more. Krauss translates the creature's speak; it remembers troll languages and other commerce sounds. Johann realizes that the creatures came from the legendary Troll Market, a gathering place for magical creatures. Rumors suggest that the Troll Market might be located under the Brooklyn Bridge so Krauss takes the team to search for it. Johann Krauss outfits the team with special time-dilation glasses that allow them to see through illusions put out by magical entities. They end up spotting a creature called a "fragglewump" who leads them right to the door of the Troll Market. Upon entering, Hellboy is delighted -- he can walk among the Market's creatures and not feel like a freak or outsider. Abe spots a hooded figure walking away and wearing the same sort of Royal Seal he found with the tooth fairies, so he goes to investigate on his own. The figure is Princess Nuala, who arrives at the Market's library to receive a cylinder hidden by her father. Abe follows her in and she confronts him. Nuala is revealed to have the same sort of psychic powers as Abe. They both learn about one another through hand gestures. At that moment, Mr. Wink comes in and attacks Nuala. Abe encourages her to flee while Hellboy fights Wink. After an intense fight, Hellboy proves victorious. They speak with Princess Nuala, who explains that she has the last piece of her fathers' crown and the cylinder from the library which contains a map to the location of the Golden Army. Krauss is worried about bringing the princess back to BPRD because of regulations, but Hellboy argues against him. Prince Nuada arrives soon after, furious at the loss of his companion. He releases a small seed, which Hellboy scoffs at. It suddenly and rapidly grows into a multi-tentacled creature; a forest elemental. Upon seeing the gigantic creature, Hellboy trades in his trademark "Samaritan" pistol for a gigantic six-barreled minigun nicknamed "Big Baby." During the fight with the elemental, Hellboy saves a human infant from certain doom. But when the fight ends, Hellboy is taunted and jeered by the crowd for bringing danger to a child. The humans call "Hellboy" a freak. Later on, Liz patches up Hellboy -- who doesn't understand the humans' reaction. Liz tells Hellboy that she is leaving to "think." Hellboy automatically assumes that he has doomed their relationship and begs her to stay. Liz asks Hellboy to decide what he really wants -- the world's approval or HER approval. Abe has a conversation with Nuala, who explains that she is connected to her brother in a psychic link and now that Abe has shown her the BPRD location, Nuada knows where she is. Nuala hides the 3rd crown fragment in one of Abe's books. In the locker room, Hellboy is confronted by Johann Krauss. Krauss wants Hellboy to start following orders, and warns Hellboy that if the two had to fight then Krauss would probably win. Hellboy, undaunted, asks why. Johann explains that Hellboy's temper is his worst flaw; he allows it to get out of control and get the best of him. Hellboy, proving Johann's point, smashes the helmet of the containment suit. Krauss' ectoplasmic energy takes control of the locker doors, smashing Hellboy several times before wandering off. Hellboy meets with Abe, who is in the middle of listening to a collection of popular love songs. Hellboy realizes that Abe has fallen in love with the princess. The two best friends get drunk and begin contemplating their relationships. Abe is on the verge of revealing to Hellboy why Liz has been acting so different lately when Liz storms in on them, furious. Nuada breaks into the BPRD, steals the map to the Golden Army and abducts Nuala. He also leaves a psychic message to Abe stating that if they bring the 3rd crown piece to the Army's location, he will spare their lives and release Nuala. Nuada finishes by stabbing Hellboy with an enchanted spear. Despite the best medical efforts, the spearhead cannot be removed from Hellboy's chest. (Any attempt to pull it out forces the spearhead to move closer to Hellboy's heart.) Hellboy, in pain, admits to Liz that she is more important than anything else in his life. Meanwhile, Abe finds the 3rd crown piece in his book. Analyzing the remains of King Balor's map tells the BPRD that the Golden Army is located in northern Ireland. Liz wants to take Hellboy there to heal him, but Manning & Krauss are willing to let Hellboy die to keep the Golden Army from awakening. Liz berates Johann for his attitude, storming off. Abe & Liz decide to take Hellboy without approval, desperate to heal their friend. Johann confronts them on their way out and to everyone's surprise he volunteers to help. In Ireland, the group encounters a goblin ( John Alexander ) who offers to lead them to the Golden Army for "something shiny." The goblin spots the spearhead shining beneath Hellboy's bandages and offers to help remove it if they give him the spearhead as payment. The goblin brings them before a mysterious winged creature. It is the Angel of Death ( Doug Jones ). The Angel knows Liz and Hellboy (calling him by his true name, Anung Un Rama) and has been waiting for them. The Angel cares not whether Hellboy lives or dies; but Liz begs for Hellboy to live. Despite the Angel's warning that Hellboy's survival will eventually bring about the destruction of Earth (and that Liz will suffer most of all because of that), Liz still asks for Hellboy to live. The Angel removes the spearhead and instructs Liz to give Hellboy a "reason to live." Liz kneels down and tells Hellboy that he is to be a father. Hellboy stands up, fully recovered but awestruck upon hearing Liz' news. Their goblin guide leads the group to the central chamber of the Golden Army, where Prince Nuada waits with his hostage. Abe gives Nuada the last crown piece in hope of freeing Nuala, but the Prince betrays them and awakens the Golden Army. Despite a valiant effort by Hellboy and the others, the 4900 Golden soldiers appear unstoppable. Hellboy then comes up with an idea; he challenges Prince Nuada for the right to command the Army. Nuada asserts that Hellboy is not royalty, but Nuala declares that Hellboy is born of royal blood -- he is Anung Un Rama, the son of The Fallen One -- and thus the challenge must be answered. Hellboy fights against the prince across the entire chamber, at one point finally gaining the upper hand. But he refuses to take the Prince's life. As they fight, Nuala feels the wounds that Hellboy inflicts upon her brother. Nuada prepares to stab Hellboy in the back, but suddenly collapses from pain in his chest. Nuala is revealed to have stabbed herself in the heart in a final attempt to stop her brother. Abe goes to Nuala's side and confesses his feelings to her before she dies. Nuada and Nuala turn to stone. With Nuada dead, Hellboy is considered the winner of the challenge by default. He picks up the completed crown and contemplates out loud the power the crown can now give him. Liz takes it from him and melts it before he can make a bad decision -- sending the Golden Army back into hibernation forever. By this point, Manning and the other BPRD agents have caught up to Hellboy. Manning demands an explanation but instead Hellboy, Abe and Liz all hand in their belts, resigning from the BPRD (Hellboy hesitates only a moment to reclaim his "Samaritan" gun). Manning requests help from Krauss, but Johann merely tells him off and goes to join the others. Hellboy suggests that he and Liz get a place of their own to raise the new baby. Liz stops him and says "Babies," holding up two fingers -- a sign that she is carrying twins. Hellboy can only look on in shock and wonder. 
 The Sweetest Thing (2002)Summaries A girl finds she is forced to educate herself on the etiquette of wooing the opposite sex when she finally meets Mr. Right. To ease their roommate through a relationship-induced depression, Christina Walters and Courtney Rockcliffe take her out on the town. During their attempts to find her "Mr. Right Now", Christina meets Peter Donahue. Missing her opportunity with him that night, Christina is talked into pursuing him to his brother's wedding. Sean Lewis <agvii@yahoo.com> Christina Walters spent years avoiding men and then suddenly met her perfect match while hanging out with her best girlfriends Courtney and Jane. Then she finds out that he left town. So she and Courtney set off on a trip. Ruby O'femi It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 