nm0000379:

 Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles (1994)761) A vampire tells his epic life story: love, betrayal, loneliness, and hunger. Against the backdrop of a gloomy San Francisco, the nearly two-century-old vampire, Louis de Pointe du Lac, recounts the unbelievable story of his eternal transformation and a life worse than death to the sceptic reporter, Daniel Molloy. Spanning two hundred years of cruel betrayals, extreme solitude, and unquenched thirst, Louis' grimly fascinating tale pivots around his perpetually regrettable decision to embrace the dictatorship of blood, and, above all, his maker: the seductive blonde aristocrat of death, Lestat de Lioncourt. Is Louis' mystical epic of bloodshed genuine? Is this, indeed, an interview with a vampire? Nick Riganas It hasn't even been a year since a plantation owner named Louis lost his wife in childbirth. Both his wife and the infant died, and now he has lost his will to live. A vampire named Lestat takes a liking to Louis and offers him the chance to become a creature of the night: a vampire. Louis accepts, and Lestat drains Louis' mortal blood and then replaces it with his own, turning Louis into a vampire. Louis must learn from Lestat the ways of the vampire. <VincentVga@aol.com> In 1791, plantation owner Louis outside New Orleans has lost his courage to live. He gets bitten by the vampire Lestat and is himself turned into one. He hates being a vampire and refuses to kill humans. Louis and Lestat turn a little girl, Claudia, into a vampire, and together they live on through the centuries. Mattias Thuresson A night in San Francisco, during our time: A young journalist follows a man through the streets and they end up in an anonymous room. When the journalist starts to interview the man, the stranger tells him that he is a vampire, being over 200 years old. The journalist doesn't believe him, but after the man proves it's true, he tells his story: His name is Louis and in 18th century New Orleans he was 24, by this time owner of an estate and a widower already. One night, when he once again was destroying himself by drinking and other things, he was found by Lestat, a vampire, who bit him. But even after becoming a vampire, life wasn't fun for Louis until one night he met a little girl, Claudia, who would change his existence forever. smoothhoney1265 In 1791, plantation owner Louis De Pointe Du Lac is unhappy with the life he has, until Lestat De Lioncourt comes into his life. Lestat, a vampire, allows Louis to make the decision of either death or life as a vampire forever. And not until his decision is already made, does Louis realize what he has become. He refuses to take human life and is about to leave when Lestat, being the clever being that he is, turns a little orphan girl into a vampire to make Louis stay. The story is told by Louis in 1991 to an interviewer about the lives of himself, Lestat and Claudia through trouble, death, curse and love over the past 200 years. Brittany G Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In modern-day San Francisco, reporter Daniel Molloy ( Christian Slater ) sets up recording equipment in a run-down, upper level apartment. He intends to interview Louis de Pointe du Lac ( Brad Pitt ) who claims to be a vampire. Molloy is skeptical until Louis brashly displays his supernatural gifts, moving swiftly across the room to turn on a light. Louis' skin is translucent and he oozes charm. Louis begins his story in 1791 where he is a young plantation owner living on his estate in Louisiana. Having lost the will to live due to the deaths of his wife and infant child in childbirth, he squanders his wealth and gambles in shady bars, welcoming death. While wandering the waterfront, drunk and in company of a harlot, he is attacked by a vampire named Lestat de Lioncourt ( Tom Cruise ). The woman is killed and Louis is fed on, but allowed to live. Lestat has sensed Louis' dissent for life and returns to him to offer him a new one, giving him "the choice I never had". Louis meets Lestat in a cemetery where the vampire drains him to the point of death before offering him his own blood. Doing so transforms Louis into a newborn vampire and he is amazed at the change. However, he quickly comes to regret his decision and finds feasting on humans immoral whereas Lestat revels in the pleasure of killing. As such, Louis begins to suffer and survives by feasting on rats and other small animals. Lestat lives with Louis at his plantation and the slaves begin to grow anxious by his presence. At a party, Lestat convinces Louis to seduce a wealthy but older heiress ( Lyla Hay Owen ) in order to drink her blood. While Lestat feasts on her powdered servant, ( Lee E. Scharfstein ), Louis attempts to feed but goes for the woman's irate poodles instead. Hearing the commotion and the woman's terrified cries, Lestat rushes over and snaps her neck and berates Louis. In the interview, Molloy asks about vampire stereotypes; coffins, crucifixes, garlic, and stakes through the heart. Louis admits that most are nonsense, except coffins. Secure and comfortable, they are one of the only sensible things a vampire can rest in with no fear of the light. During an evening at home, Louis has a rare moment alone with his servant, Yvette ( Thandiwe Newton ), who confides that she and the other slaves are concerned about their master and how he never eats or comes out during the day anymore. She comforts Louis but he takes her wrist and feeds from her. She screams and Louis suddenly has to stifle her. The other slaves, having grown suspicious of him over time, approach the mansion with torches to see Louis carrying Yvette's body out. Louis grabs one of the torches, tells the slaves their master is damned and that they should leave, and sets the mansion on fire. Lestat arrives and scolds Louis who seems bent on punishing himself for his sins. Lestat takes them to a mausoleum where they can sleep safely during the day. Eventually they find a new dwelling in New Orleans but Louis remains despondent, refusing to feed on humans even when Lestat has them offered on a silver platter. In one instance Lestat brings home two prostitutes ( Indra Ov and Helen McCrory ) and toys with them before killing them, trying to entice Louis to give in to his nature; to end his suffering. Lestat's philosophy is one of pleasure out of necessity; they must feed, so why not have fun? He tries to persuade Louis to end his suffering, to no avail. Louis wanders the streets one night and stumbles on a sector infested with the plague. He discovers a little girl ( Kirsten Dunst ) weeping at the decomposing body of her mother. She runs to Louis for comfort but he is suddenly overcome with hunger and feeds from her. Lestat appears, laughing and celebrating Louis' break from abstinence by dancing with the girl's dead mother. Louis flees but laments that he finally felt what peace could be; by allowing himself to be a vampire. He returns to the home he shares with Lestat to find that he's brought the little girl back with him, alive. Appealing to Louis' compassion, and to convince him to stay with him, Lestat turns the girl, making her a vampire, and names her Claudia. Louis resents Lestat for this, but comes to love Claudia as his own daughter. He and Lestat dote on her and shower her with luxurious clothes and dolls and Claudia grows into a talented killer, using her child-like charms to lure her victims. Lestat is proud of his apt pupil but, though time passes, Claudia remains a little girl immortal. When she finally realizes she can never grow old and look as other women do, she becomes furious. She demands that Louis tell her how she came to be and, after hearing the story, blames Lestat for her condition. She tells Louis that it's time for them to leave Lestat and devises a plan since Lestat would never let them go. On the basis of a truce, she fools Lestat into drinking 'dead blood' from two boys she overdosed with laudanum. Having fed from the dead, Lestat is incapacitated and Claudia slits his throat. She and Louis take Lestat into the bayou and dump his body in alligator infested waters. They return home to pack, intent on leaving for Europe to start a new life, but Lestat returns, decrepit but alive, having fed on alligators and other animals in the swamp. He attacks Claudia for having been "a very naughty little girl" but Louis sets him and their home on fire. Louis and Claudia flee and make it to their ship in time to see the whole neighborhood aflame. They travel through the Mediterranean and across Europe seeking other vampires but never finding any. Eventually, they settle in Paris and, one night, Louis encounters a vampire named Santiago ( Stephen Rea ) who taunts him before meeting Armand ( Antonio Banderas ), a seductive vampire who theorizes that, after 400 years, he must be the oldest vampire in the world. Armand invites Louis and Claudia to live with him at his coven, the Thtre de Vampires where vampires pretending to be humans pretending to be vampires stage horror shows for humans, though they actually feast on unsuspecting patrons. Claudia is disgusted by their cheap theatrics but Louis is drawn to Armand by his charm and wisdom. Santiago is able to read Louis' mind and suspects that he and Claudia murdered their companion, Lestat, of whom they knew - a taboo among vampires. Claudia is a taboo herself in that no vampire should create an undead child. With this knowledge, Armand tries to get Louis to leave Claudia to live with him. Louis is tempted, yearning to learn what he could not from Lestat. Sensing that he is leaving, Claudia demands that Louis leave her a companion and brings a woman named Madeleine ( Domiziana Giordano ) to their home. Madeleine has agreed to change for Claudia so that she can 'adopt' her. Louis reluctantly concedes. However, as soon as Madeleine completes her transformation, the Parisian vampires invade the home and abduct the three of them. They encase Louis in a metal coffin and trap Claudia and Madeleine in a well, open to the sky above. At dawn, Madeleine and Claudia are burned to death by the sun before Louis, freed by Armand, can get to them. Enraged and grieving over his loss of Claudia, Louis sets the coven on fire, killing most of the vampires. He escapes with Armand who, again, offers him a place by his side. Louis refuses. Decades pass and Louis wanders the world dejected and alone before eventually returning to the United States and returns to New Orleans. One evening he finds himself visiting his old plantation and mansion, neglected and in ruin. There he discovers Lestat living alone, a shadow of his former self who cringes at car headlights and hasn't adapted to the new world. Louis pities Lestat and leaves him. This concludes the interview with Molloy but, to Louis' disdain, Daniel only sees the potential power in being a vampire and requests that Louis turn him. Louis retorts that his life is nothing but suffering and, angered, leaves the apartment in a flurry. Daniel leaves the apartment, frightened by Louis' rage and drives off, playing a cassette from the interview. Moments later, Lestat appears like a bat out of hell and bites Molloy. Having gained some strength, he puts Molloy in the passenger seat and drives the car himself across the Golden Gate Bridge. He turns off the cassette tape, moaning over Louis' constant complaining and offers Molloy a choice; the choice he never had. 
 Little Women (1994)541) The March sisters live and grow in post-Civil War America. Louisa May Alcott 's autobiographical account of her life with her three sisters in Concord, Massachusetts in the 1860s. With their father fighting in the American Civil War, sisters Jo, Meg, Amy and Beth are at home with their mother, a very outspoken women for her time. The story tells of how the sisters grow up, find love and find their place in the world. Four sisters and their mother at home. Their father is fighting in the war. Louisa May Alcott semi-autobiographical novel has captured young women and the young at heart for years. On Christmas evening they receive a lovely dinner by their nieighbor James Laurence. Jo meets the old mans grandson at a dance. Jo, Amy, Beth, and Meg befriend him. Join in the hope, joy, surprise, disappoints, and love in one of my faves Little Women. Also the books Litttle Men, and Jo's Boys and how they grew up. With their father away fighting in the Civil War, Jo, Meg, Beth and Amy grow up with their mother in somewhat reduced circumstances. They are a close family who inevitably have their squabbles and tragedies. But the bond holds even when, later, men friends start to become a part of the household. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The March sisters contemplate a gloomy Christmas. Their father is serving as a chaplain in the Civil War and their mother, "Marmee," must work to support the family. Meg and Jo, the two oldest sisters, also have jobs. Meg is a governess and Jo is a companion to their wealthy relative, Aunt March. The two younger sisters are Beth and Amy. Beth is too shy to attend school and is taught at home. Amy attends school but the teacher is very strict. On Christmas morning, the girls eagerly look forward to a hearty breakfast. But Mrs. March sends word that she is helping a poor family with several children. The girls decide to take their breakfast to the family. As they leave the house, they are spotted by their neighbor, wealthy old Mr. Laurence, and his teenage grandson Laurie. The girls aren't acquainted with the Laurences but Jo impulsive waves at them. Mr. Laurence remarks that the Marches were "once one of our first families." Sometime later, Jo and Laurie meet at a dance. He doesn't go to school but is tutored by young Mr. John Brooke. Jo and Laurie become best friends and soon he is the brother the March girls never had. He participates in their amateur theatricals, written by Jo. She wants to be a writer and has a studio in the attic. Amy is disciplined by her teacher and refuses to return to school. Marmee agrees as long as Amy will keep up with her lessons at home. Jo has a hard time with Aunt March because the old woman is very critical of her. She forces Jo to read dull books aloud, but as soon as she drops off to sleep, Jo switches to more interesting ones. Meg feels the family's poverty much more keenly that her sisters. When she is invited to a weekend at the wealthy Gardiners' home, her sisters and mother help her put together a suitable wardrobe. Aunt March is visiting and insists that Meg must marry well, so she can help her family. But Marmee wants her girls to marry for love, not money. While at the Gardiners', Meg discovers that her "best dress" is far too simple. Sallie Gardiner offers to loan her a dress for the dance and along with her maid, transforms Meg into a fashionable girl. Laurie attends the party but is put off by Meg's face paint and low-cut dress. When she begins drinking champagne, he stops her and she storms off. Later he apologizes and Meg admits to feeling like a fool. When she sprains her ankle, Laurie packs it in snow and gives her a ride home in his carriage. Amy often feels left out when Meg and Jo go places with Laurie. She is furious when Jo refuses to let her tag along to the theater. While Jo is gone, Amy burns all her writings. When Jo discovers the damage, she vows she will never speak to her sister again. Marmee advises not letting the sun go down on her anger, but Jo is unrelenting. Then Amy falls through the ice while skating and nearly drowns. Jo is very sorry for her actions and vows to keep a tight rein on her temper. A telegram arrives with grim news. Mr. March is gravely ill in a field hospital. Marmee must go to him at once and sends Jo to borrow the train fare from Aunt March. Not wanting to endure her aunt's criticiscm, Jo sells her long hair instead. The Laurences come to the family's aid. Mr. Brooke offers to escort Marmee, which pleases Meg. It is obvious that they are in love with each other. While Marmee is away, Beth falls ill with scarlet fever. Mr. Laurence sends for a doctor, who advises that Marmee come home. Meg and Jo care for Beth as best they can, but she doesn't really improve until her mother arrives. Unknown to the family, the illness has weakened Beth's heart. On Christmas Eve, Beth is allowed downstairs for the first time and Mr. March returns home. Mr. Laurence gives Beth the piano that belonged to his own daughter, who died many years earlier. Meg and John announce their engagement, but it is another three years before they marry. The story picks up with Meg and John's wedding. Beth is now a semi-invalid. She tires easily but never complains. Amy has taken Jo's place as a companion to Aunt March. Jo's writings are now selling but she is not satisfied. She longs for excitement and adventure. After the wedding, she goes for a walk with Laurie. He proposes marriage, which she refuses because she doesn't think they are suited to each other. After an emotional scene, Laurie stalks off. Later he goes to Europe, which has always been Jo's dream. When Aunt March announces she is taking Amy to Europe with her, Jo is heartbroken. Marmee suggests she stretch her wings by taking a job away from home. Jo finds a position as governess in New York City. Her charges are the children of a boarding house owner. She meets Fritz Bhaer, a professor from Germany who is raising his two nephews. He is much older than Jo. When he discovers that she loves music, he invites her to an opera. He can't afford tickets but the stage manager is a friend of his and gives them seats backstage. Jo confides in Mr. Bhaer that she is selling her stories to magazines and newspapers of doubtful repute. He is alarmed by this and urges her to stop. But the pay is good and Jo is able to send money home for Beth's medical care. Mr. Bhaer reads one of her stories and pronounces it terrible. Jo is hurt and offended. Before she can confront him, she receives a telegram. Beth is very ill and won't live much longer. Jo instantly sets out for home. On arriving home, Jo discovers that Meg is several months' pregnant. When asked why she didn't write to Jo with the news, Meg replies primly that one doesn't speak of such things. Jo takes care of Beth until her death. The family is devastated, especially since there was no time to send for Amy. In Europe, Amy is taking a painting class and enjoying a romance with one of Laurie's wealthy friends, Fred Vaughn. Laurie comes to their hotel but Amy is put off by his attitude. She thinks he is running with a wild crowd and wasting his grandfather's money. He privately asks Aunt March if Amy and Fred are engaged. She says not yet. Laurie flirts with Amy and tries to kiss her but she won't let him. He asks her not to rush into an engagement she may later regret and departs for London. Meanwhile, Jo is regretting having refused Laurie's proposal. When she writes with the news of Beth's death, she asks him to come home. But Laurie only reads the first few lines before rushing off to be with Amy in her time of sorrow. Luckily she has refused Fred's proposal and before long she and Laurie fall in love. She wants to go home but Aunt March is too ill to travel. Jo begins writing a novel based on her family. She titles it "My Beth" and sends it to Professor Bhaer. He in turns sends it to a publisher, who accepts it. Jo is ecstatic and can't wait for Laurie to return home so she can tell him the good news. But when he arrives, he brings a wife -- Amy! Jo tries to cover her shock as the two explain that they were married several weeks earlier. After a while she realizes it is right and is able to congratulate them. Aunt March dies and leaves Jo her estate consisting of a large house and several acres. Jo decides to open a school for orphans. Professor Bhaer unexpectedly arrives during a family get-together. He thinks Jo and Laurie are married but is relieved when Jo explains that is not the case. In a few weeks he is leaving for the west to accept a position at a college. Impulsively he proposes to Jo and she accepts. They kiss as the rain pours down around them. 
 Spider-Man (2002)541) When bitten by a genetically modified spider, a nerdy, shy, and awkward high school student gains spider-like abilities that he eventually must use to fight evil as a superhero after tragedy befalls his family. Based on Marvel Comics' superhero character, this is a story of Peter Parker who is a nerdy high-schooler. He was orphaned as a child, bullied by jocks, and can't confess his crush for his stunning neighborhood girl Mary Jane Watson. To say his life is "miserable" is an understatement. But one day while on an excursion to a laboratory a runaway radioactive spider bites him... and his life changes in a way no one could have imagined. Peter acquires a muscle-bound physique, clear vision, ability to cling to surfaces and crawl over walls, shooting webs from his wrist ... but the fun isn't going to last. An eccentric millionaire Norman Osborn administers a performance enhancing drug on himself and his maniacal alter ego Green Goblin emerges. Now Peter Parker has to become Spider-Man and take Green Goblin to the task... or else Goblin will kill him. They come face to face and the war begins in which only one of them will survive at the end. Soumitra On a school field trip, Peter Parker (Maguire) is bitten by a genetically modified spider. He wakes up the next morning with incredible powers. After witnessing the death of his uncle (Robertson), Parkers decides to put his new skills to use in order to rid the city of evil, but someone else has other plans. The Green Goblin (Dafoe) sees Spider-Man as a threat and must dispose of him. Even if it means the Goblin has to target Parker's Aunt (Harris) and the girl he secretly pines for (Dunst) Film_Fan Always picked on at school, and repeatedly ignored by Mary Jane Watson, the beautiful red-head next door he adores, the insecure, brainy orphan, Peter Parker, can barely stand up for himself. Then, one day, while on a school field trip at a Columbia University laboratory, a genetically enhanced spider bites Peter, and an extraordinary transformation starts to take place. Now, with his body undergoing drastic changes, Peter gains distinct arachnid powers and phenomenal newfound super-abilities, only to quickly realise that with great power comes great responsibility. And, before long, the unhinged Green Goblin, an unnaturally strong super-villain, enters the picture, more than willing to put Peter's moral mettle to the test. But, is Peter's unexpected mutation a blessing or a curse? Will Peter Parker dedicate himself to fighting crime as New York City's masked protector? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Peter Parker (Tobey Maguire) is a nerdy high school senior in New York City. His parents are dead and he lives with his Uncle Ben (Cliff Robertson) and Aunt May (Rosemary Harris). He has a crush on his next door neighbor, Mary Jane Watson (Kirsten Dunst), who is also one of the few classmates who is nice to him. Her boyfriend, Flash (Joe Manganiello) and his buddies pick on him. Peter's only friend is Harry Osborn (James Franco), who, though rich and good-looking, is similarly an outcast. Harry, however, is somewhat jealous of the affection his father, Norman (Willem Dafoe) shows Peter. Norman, the head of weapons contractor Oscorp, appreciates Peter's scientific aptitude and can barely conceal his desire that Peter was his own son. Peter's science class takes a field trip to a genetics laboratory at Columbia University. The lab works on spiders and has even managed to create new species of spiders through genetic manipulation and combination. While Peter is taking photographs of Mary Jane for the school newspaper, one of these new spiders lands on his hand and bites him. Peter comes home feeling ill and immediately goes to bed. At the genetic level, the venom injected by the spider bite begins to work strange magic on Peter. Meanwhile, General Slocum (Stanley Anderson) visits Oscorp to see the results of their new super soldier formula. When one of Norman's top scientists, Dr. Stromm (Ron Perkins) warns him the formula is unstable, General Slocum threatens to pull all of the military's funding from Oscorp. Later that night, Norman exposes himself to the formula. He gains superhuman strength and agility but is driven insane. He kills Stromm and steals two other Oscorp inventions, an exoskeleton and jet glider. Peter wakes up the next morning feeling better than ever. He also learns his scrawny physique now ripples with muscles and his eyesight is perfect. At school that day, he learns he can shoot webs out of spinnerettes in his wrists. He demonstrates his own new agility by catching Mary Jane and her food tray when she slips at lunch and then beating an enraged Flash in a fistfight. That night, he and Mary Jane casually flirt across the fence separating their backyards, although Flash breaks this up when he arrives with his new car. Peter believes he needs a car to impress Mary Jane but knows neither he nor the cash-strapped and retired Ben and May would be able to afford one. One night he spies an advertisement in the paper. A local professional wrestling league will pay $3000 to anyone who can survive three minutes in the ring with their champion, Bone Saw (Randy "Macho Man " Savage). Peter designs a suit and heads out to the arena, telling Ben and May he is going to the library. Ben and May are worried about the changes in Peter's personality and Ben insists on driving him to the library. He tries to explain his and May's concerns. He encourages Peter not to get into any more fights; he might have the power to beat the Flash Thompsons of the world, but "with great power comes great responsibility" -- the responsibility to know when and how best to use that power. Peter reacts badly. He tells Ben he is not Peter's father and should not act like he is. Peter not only survives the wrestling match, he defeats Bone Saw in two minutes. But the promoter pays Peter only $100. Angry at being gypped, Peter stands aside as an armed robber (Michael Papajohn) holds up the promoter. However, when he gets out to the street, he discovers the robber fatally wounded Ben and stole his car. In anguish, Peter chases down the robber and beats him. The robber falls out of a window where his body is recovered by the police. That same night, a menacing figure wearing the stolen Oscorp exoskeleton and riding the jet glider attacks a weapons test at Quest Aerospace, Oscorp's chief competitor. Their prototype is destroyed and General Slocum is killed. Peter is inspired by Ben's admonition to use his spider powers for the greater good. He designs a new costume and swings around New York, foiling petty robberies and muggings as the Amazing Spider-man, a name he borrows from the announcer at the wrestling match. This does not endear him to J. Jonah Jameson (J.K. Simmons), the editor and publisher of the Daily Bugle, New York's leading muckracking tabloid. However, when he learns Spider-man sells newspapers, he puts out a call to photographers for better photos for his front page. Peter, Harry and Mary Jane graduate from high school and move to Manhattan. Peter and Harry get a loft together and attend classes at Empire State. Mary Jane works as a waitress and struggles to get acting auditions. She and Harry also begin seeing one another. Harry apologizes to Peter but points out Peter was always too shy to make a move himself. Peter struggles to hold down a job. Norman offers to help him find one but respects Peter's desire to make his own way in the world. Peter sees Jameson's advertisement for good photos of Spider-man and, webbing his camera in convenient places, gets excellent photos of his own heroic actions. Although Jameson doesn't pay well, he agrees to buy more of Peter's photos. Norman is also happy; Quest has to reorganize after the debacle that killed Slocum, Oscorp has more government contracts and the company's stock is soaring. He is crestfallen to learn the Board of Directors has chosen this moment to accept a buyout offer from Quest. His insanity manifests itself in a split personality: the driven yet confused Norman, and the murderous, scheming villain who will soon become known as the Green Goblin. As the Goblin, he attacks Oscorp's annual Unity Day street fair and kills the Board of Directors. His attack also endangers Mary Jane. Spider-Man fights off the Goblin and rescues Mary Jane when she nearly falls to her death. Mary Jane finds herself falling in love with Spider-Man, a feeling only reinforced when he saves her from some rapists a few days later during a rainy night. This time, she thanks him with a deep kiss. She doesn't know he is really Peter. The Goblin decides he and Spider-Man should be partners. He attacks the Bugle office to lure Spider-Man into a trap, using knock-out gas to subdue him, and then gives Spider-Man a few days to think over his offer of partnership. He warns Spider-Man the city will eventually turn against him, and that they should rule it together. A few days later, on Thanksgiving, Goblin stages a fire in an apartment building to get an answer from Spider-Man. Spider-Man refuses to join with Goblin, and the two fight. Spider-Man receives a bad cut on his arm. As Norman and Peter, the Goblin and Spider-Man are due at the loft for Thanksgiving dinner. They each race back separately. When Peter arrives to dinner with fresh blood from the cut on his sleeve, Norman realizes Peter is Spider-Man and hastily leaves. On the way out, he insults Mary Jane and she leaves, hurt that Harry didn't defend her. That night, Goblin attacks Aunt May at home, sending her to the hospital. While visiting her, Mary Jane reveals her crush on Spider-man to Peter but they wind up having an intimate moment themselves. Harry sees this and knows his relationship with Mary Jane is over. Goblin decides to strike at Spider-man through Mary Jane. He kidnaps her, then sabotages a trolley car along the Roosevelt Bridge. When Spider-Man arrives, Goblin gives him the choice of saving Mary Jane or the trolley car, then drops them both from the bridge. Spider-Man manages to save both, with an assist from a passing barge and pedestrians on the bridge who pelt Goblin with debris and delay him from his attempts to kill Spider-man. Goblin instead grabs Spider-Man and throws him into an abandoned building. The two fight, and the Goblin overpowers Spider-Man, even throwing a pumpkin bomb directly at Spider-Man's face, heavily damaging Spider-Man's mask and wounding him. As the Goblin holds back Spider-Man and is about to kill him with dual blades, he makes the mistake of threatening Mary Jane. Enraged at this, Spider-Man beats Goblin senseless, overpowering him, but stops when the Goblin unmasks to reveal himself to be Norman. Peter is shocked that Norman is the Goblin. Norman then tries to reason to Peter that all of the actions that had occurred were from the influence of the Goblin's persona upon him. As Norman talks to Peter, asking for forgiveness, Goblin's jet glider appears behind Spider-Man, and the Goblin persona takes over Norman. Goblin tries to use his jet glider to kill Spider-Man, but he leaps out of the way just in time; Norman is impaled and killed. As he dies, Norman asks Peter not to tell Harry about the Green Goblin. Spider-Man takes Norman's body back to his penthouse apartment. Harry sees them and blames Spider-Man for Norman's death. At the funeral, he vows revenge and thanks Peter for being such a great friend. Peter goes to visit Uncle Ben's grave. Mary Jane finds him there and confesses her love for him. She kisses him tenderly, passionately. Peter wants to tell her the truth but can't. Instead, he tells her he can never be more than her friend. Mary Jane has an inkling that she might have kissed him before but Peter walks away, knowing both his blessing and his curse in life: "Who am I? I'm Spider-Man." 
 Melancholia (2011)651) Two sisters find their already strained relationship challenged as a mysterious new planet threatens to collide with Earth. On the night of her wedding, Justine (Kirsten Dunst) is struggling to be happy even though it should be the happiest day of her life. It was an extravagant wedding paid for by her sister and brother-in-law who are trying to keep the bride and all the guests in line. Meanwhile, Melancholia, a blue planet, is hurtling towards the Earth. Claire (Charlotte Gainsbourg), Justine's sister, is struggling to maintain composure with fear of the impending disaster. napierslogs On the day of her wedding, Justine (Kirsten Dunst) is trying to keep her severe depression in check and appear happy in front of all her family and guests. But cracks begin to show under the pressure of keeping in line with the schedule set by Justine's brother-in-law, who paid for the wedding. Only Justine's sister seems to understand what she is going through, and tries to help her finish out the night, but to no avail. As the planet Melancholia bears down on Earth, Justine finds peace in the thought of imminent destruction while her sister Claire (Charlotte Gainsbourg) spirals into terrible anxiety. regan_02 The lives of adult sisters Justine (Kirsten Dunst) and Claire (Charlotte Gainsbourg) are presented, one story centering around a specific event dedicated to each of the sisters. In Justine's story, it is the day of her wedding to Michael (Alexander Skarsgrd). The entire day is overseen by controlling Claire, with the lavish reception, paid by Claire's wealthy husband John (Kiefer Sutherland), being held on John and Claire's vast rural and remote estate. Those closest to Justine know that she suffers from severe depression. On the surface, the reception is most affected by the interaction between Justine and Claire's estranged parents, who split long ago. However, bubbling under the surface are the interrelationships between all the major players at the wedding which may have a greater impact on what happens to Justine. While Claire and John state that everything they have done this day is to make Justine happy, most of those major players are working toward self-interest and/or truth to their inner being, including Justine's boss Jack (Stellan Skarsgrd), who also happens to be Michael's best man. In Claire's story, which takes place a short unspecified time following the wedding, an astrological incident on the wedding day has been explained as a rogue planet, named Melancholia, having entered the solar system. According to astronomy buff John, the scientific prediction is that Melancholia will miss colliding with any of the major bodies in the solar system, including Earth. John is organizing a viewing party for the night of the best sighting of Melancholia, the party on the estate for him, Claire, their adolescent son Leo (Cameron Spurr), and Justine. While John steadfastly prepares for the party, Claire cannot help but be worried that the scientists are wrong, and that the end of the world is near. Although Justine is in a state of nearly total debilitation after arriving on the estate, due to her general depression, she ultimately evolves to a state of eerie calm, which may be a foretelling of what is to come. Huggo On the night of her wedding to Michael (Alexander Skarsgrd), Justine (Kirsten Dunst) struggles with premonitions of a blue planet called Melancholia, on a collision course with the Earth. Ironically, while the ensuing oblivion brings on a condition of depressive, Melancholia, Justine's sister, Claire (Charlotte Gainsbourg), struggles to maintain composure and calm around her as impending disaster unsettles everyone. The extravagant wedding, paid for by Justine's brother-in-law, is shattered as the husband and guests depart and the sisters are left to deal with the impending cataclysm alone. PJT Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with an introductory eight-minute sequence involving the main characters and images from space and introducing many of the film's visual leitmotifs. These are virtually still/slow-motion images revealing the key elements of the film: Justine (Kirsten Dunst) the bride in deep melancholy with birds falling behind her; a lawn with trees and a sundial with two different shadows; Pieter Breughel's Hunters in the Snow (often used as interpretation of an idealized nostalgia) the non existent 19th hole (limbo) and the Black Horse collapsing catastrophically in slow motion (id/ego battle); Justine as a bride being swept along by a river; and her being held back by her wedding dress; and finally Justine and her nephew building their magic cave before planet Earth crashes into the large gas giant planet Melancholia becoming one. The film continues in two parts. Part One: "Justine" is of an ideal and perfect wedding that sweeps bride Justine along and which clashes with Justine's fragile world. This act begins with an clumsy, oversized wedding vehicle unable to negotiate a curve in the road. Newlyweds Justine and her husband Michael (Alexander Skarsgrd) arrive two hours late to their own reception at the large family estate where Justine's older sister Claire (Charlotte Gainsbourg) and her husband John (Kiefer Sutherland) reside. Justine happens to notice a particularly bright red star in the twilight sky which John identifies as Antares. During the course of the afternoon and evening we realize that each of the characters represent a metaphor. These metaphors are developed during the night of the wedding reception. Her brother-in-law, John, represents sacrifice (cost of the wedding) and social conformity. Dexter (John Hurt), Justine and Claire's father, is hedonistic and selfish therefore unable to connect at a meaningful level with Justine. Her mother, Gaby (Charlotte Rampling) a shrewd, brutal, ruthlessly and pathologically honest imp which gets her thrown out of the wedding. However Justine's sister, Claire, who represents order urges Justine to dishonestly hide her debilitating melancholy from her bland, gormless, doting husband, Michael, (This is highlighted by his wedding speech) and anyway who would be incapable of handling such honesty. Jack (Stellan Skarsgrd), Justine's boss, represents ruthless greed and gluttony during the most personal part of the wedding speech as he is hustling her to promote a vacuous spiritually empty campaign based on a modern facsimile of Bruegels The Land of Cockaigne (mythical land of excess) she later opens a book at this picture. During the critical part of the wedding, cake cutting, Justine and her mother independently escape to their separate bathrooms to have bath, to cleanse themselves of the social deception of the wedding. Later again, Justine escapes the wedding and whist watching Melancholia's approach to Earth squats and urinates on the 18th hole (ultimate success). Her boss's nephew Tim (Brady Corbet) (ambition) is given the opportunity to exploit the opportunity to get the tag line at all costs, to promote his career, a similar task to what Justine was previously so successful at. He is later fired for his failure at absolute ruthlessness. Justine recognizing her complicity aggressively resigns. She cannot consummate her wedding with her gormless husband and goes out on a sand trap and copulates with her boss's nephew, a professional kindred spirit. He later suggests due to their similarity they form a business together, Justine curtly declines. Her gormless husband leaves. At dawn the next day, Justine reluctantly goes horseback riding with her sister Claire when she notices that the bright red star has disappeared. Part Two: "Claire" deals with Justine's relationship with her sister, Claire It also follows Justine's mental decay and reawakening as the inevitable Melancholia collision approaches. The film re-opens several months later as John explains that the reason for Antares' disappearance was because the newly discovered planet Melancholia was blocking the star from view. Melancholia, a rogue gas giant planet that entered the Solar System from behind the Sun, becomes visible in the sky as it approaches ever closer to Earth. John is excited about the planet and looks forward to the "fly-by" predicted by scientists. Melancholia's first approach and final collision with Earth, as described (and shown briefly in a similar diagram) in the film. Claire then receives a phone call from Justine telling her that she must visit them after having left her husband. She arrives a short while later by taxi, where she appears very hollow and drained of emotion. Justine takes Claire upstairs to a room for her to rest and then to have a bath. During Justine's deepest, almost catatonic depression, her sister is unable to cleanse her in the bath. Justine is so numb that during dinner, her favorite dish offered and made specially for her by Claire, and to Justine, it tastes of ash. Before the reception, Justine proudly claims to be the only one to ride the Black Horse; her brother-in-law, John, under his breath says that the horse is also loyal to him. As Justine further emotionally decays, her connection to the Black Horse becomes more remote and frustrated. On two occasions, the horse refuses to cross a bridge over a river to the non-existent 19th hole. As Justine disintegrates, she gets more brutal with her frustration with the horses refusal, finally mercilessly whipping it to the ground. Claire becomes very fearful that the end of the world is imminent, in spite of her husband's reassurances that everyone will be safe. She searches the Internet and finds an article predicting that the movements of Melancholia around the Earth will bring the two planets into a full-on collision soon afterward. Justine tells her sister that she has the ability to predict with certainty events such as the number of beans in a bottle and that she is confident that Melancholia will meet with Earth, this being a good thing as life itself is evil. As the end is becoming more certain the family butler, Little Father (Jesper Christensen), disappears. On the night of the fly-by, it seems that Melancholia will merely pass very near without striking the Earth. The next day, however, Claire realizes that Melancholia is circling back and will collide with Earth after all. The certainty that Melancholia is making its terminal rotation back to Earth is at odds with John's certainty of a safe fly-by. On realizing his fallibility, John fatally poisons himself in the Black Horses stable. Claire, on finding John dead, releases the horse. Justine has a bath, stating that she is now all clean. Claire tries to escape the golf course but the golf cart shuts down on the same bridge, frustrating her. She returns to the lodge as the world begins its demise. Faced with the impending collision, Claire becomes distraught and suggests getting together on the terrace with wine and music. In response, a surprisingly calm yet angry Justine dismisses her idea. Her young nephew, being scared, is reassured by Justine who says that they can be safe in a magic cave, something she has promised several times to make. This contrasts with her earlier statement during her dark melancholy that there is nowhere to hide. The three sit in the magic cave (a wood tepee). Justine is stoic and strong as the world beautifully comes to a catastrophic end, at one with Melancholia. 