nm0000586:

 The Matrix Reloaded (2003)651) Freedom fighters Neo, Trinity and Morpheus continue to lead the revolt against the Machine Army, unleashing their arsenal of extraordinary skills and weaponry against the systematic forces of repression and exploitation. In this second adventure, Neo and the rebel leaders estimate that they have 72 hours until Zion falls under siege to the Machine Army. Only a matter of hours separates the last human enclave on Earth from 250,000 Sentinels programmed to destroy mankind. But the citizens of Zion, emboldened by Morpheus conviction that the One will fulfill the Oracles Prophecy and end the war with the Machines, rest all manner of hope and expectation on Neo, who finds himself stalled by disturbing visions as he searches for a course of action. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} In the second chapter of the Matrix trilogy, Zion falls under siege to the Machine Army. Only hours before 250,000 Sentinels destroy the last human enclave on Earth--and its growing resistance--Neo ( Keanu Reeves ) and Trinity ( Carrie-Anne Moss ) choose to return to the Matrix with Morpheus ( Laurence Fishburne ), unleashing their arsenal of extraordinary skills and weaponry against the forces of repression and exploitation. Now, at the confluence of love and truth, faith and knowledge, purpose and reason, Neo must follow the course he has chosen if he is to save humanity from the dark fate that haunts his dreams--The Matrix Reloaded. Neo, Morpheus, Trinity, and the rest of their crew continue to battle the machines that have enslaved the human race in the Matrix. As their quest unfolds, Neo learns more about his superheroic abilities, including the ability to see the codes of the people and things around him. Now, more humans are waking up out of the Matrix and attempting to live in the real world. As their numbers grow, the battle moves to Zion - the last real-world city and the center of human resistance. Sujit R. Varma Roughly six months after the original "Matrix", Neo begins to have nightmares about Trinity plunging to her death. Meanwhile, the rebels have returned to the city of Zion to learn that 250,000 sentinels are digging towards them to seek Zion and wipe out the human resistance. The Oracle gives Neo instructions to find the Keymaker and seek out the source. If Neo fails the mission, then the rebellion will be crushed, and the machines will win the war. keyser_soze2 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Green code-rain starts pouring down the screen, first forming the words "The Matrix", then "Reloaded". The image zooms further in, there's coding everywhere, making out a jungle of shapes. We seem to be inside some kind of machinery, and after pulling out we see the shape of a clock. The image transforms into a time clock and a group of security guards clock out and leave for the night. Outside a figure in black on a matching motorcycle comes flying through the air. She leaps from the bike, makes a backward flip in mid-air and the bike lands with a crash on the guardhouse causing a major explosion. The figure lands elegantly in front of the explosion. As she removes her helmet we see it is Trinity ( Carrie-Anne Moss ). The guards in the parking lot attack her, but she easily fights them off. The picture crumbles into coding like dust, and when restored we're very high up on the side of a building. Trinity bursts through the window, guns in hand. She turns on her back in mid-air, an agent is pursuing her and jumps after, head first. They exchange gunfire, falling to the streets below in slow motion. Eventually Trinity is shot in the chest. Something (impossible to see who or what) crashes into a car by the sidewalk. Neo ( Keanu Reeves ) wakes up. He looks over at Trinity lying in his arms, sleeping peacefully, then gets out of bed. We see the Nebuchadnezzar from outside as it hovers through the sewers and lands. Inside are Link ( Harold Perrineau ) and Morpheus ( Laurence Fishburne ) in the cockpit. "Sir, Are you sure about this?" Link asks. Morpheus tells him that if he is to continue as operator on his ship Link must trust him. "Yes, sir. I will sir," says Link. Morpheus glances at him. "I mean I do, sir." In the mess hall sits Neo, pondering. Trinity sits down opposite him. "Still can't sleep?" she asks. Neo shakes his head and takes a sip from his breakfast. "You wanna talk?" Trinity offers. "They're just dreams," Neo reassures. "If you're afraid of something..." "I just wish... I wish I knew what I'm supposed to do, that's all. I just wish I knew." "She's gonna call, don't worry," assures Trinity. Link pops his head in and Trinity asks "Are we ready to go?" "We're already late," he replies. In a dark room underground Niobe ( Jada Pinkett Smith ) is addressing a crowd of other ship crews about the imminent threat to Zion. The machines are digging and will reach Zion in 72 hours. Naturally Morpheus and crew arrive fashionably late, making sure to draw attention by making an argument right away that there is nothing to fear, for he believes the prophecy will come true very soon and end the war. "But first the Oracle must be consulted." Accordingly, Morpheus asks for a volunteer ship to remain in broadcast depth while the Nebuchadnezzar returns to Zion to recharge and make repairs, despite Commander Lock's direct orders for ALL ships to return. Captain Ballard ( Roy Jones Jr. ) of the Caduceus volunteers "just to see what Lock does to you." He gives Morpheus 36 hours. Meanwhile someone knocks on the entrance door. The corrupt ( Paul Cotter ) opens a small hatch on the door and a head in silhouette is seen against the headlights of a car. The stranger asks for Neo. The guard claims not to know who he's talking about and the stranger hands him an envelope telling him to give it to Neo. "You see he set me free." It's beyond doubt the voice of Agent Smith ( Hugo Weaving ). Neo, having sensed something, comes up asking what's going on. "How did you know someone was here?" one of the guards asks. "He wanted me to give you this," and hands Neo the envelope. Into Neo's palm drops an earpiece worn by agents. "Agents are coming," warns Neo. They flee, leaving Neo to handle the threat. The three agents recognize Neo as "the anomaly", but proceed anyway on the basis that he is after all "only human." Neo pauses momentarily while blocking a blow, "Hm. Upgrades." He fights them off with ease. When the battle is over Neo crouches down, the ground ripples and he shoots to the skies (as he did in the very end of the prequel). At the scene of the battle, Smith walks up and states that it all "went as expected". Facing him is another Smith, "Yes." "It's all happening exactly as before..." "Well, not exactly..." They smile. Morpheus and Trinity are driving to an exit as Morpheus calls Link and asks what happened. Link says a bunch of agents showed up and that suddenly the "coding got all weird." He has never seen anything like it. Morpheus then asks where Neo is now. "He's doing his Superman-thing." Like Link said, Neo is soaring through the clouds. Then he stops and heads back down to the ground. He lands in an old building and enters an abandoned apartment, which we recognize as that of the Oracle. "Where are you?" he whispers. The Nebuchadnezzar approaches Zion. Link communicates with one of the gate operators and they are let inside. Once landed The crew exits the ship and are met by Captain Mifune ( Nathaniel Lees ) and three A.P.U. escorts. "Are you here to escort me to the stockades, captain?" asks Morpheus. "I'm just here to keep the peace," assures Mifune. Commander Lock wants to see Morpheus and accordingly the escorts take him to him. "What's with them?" Neo asks. "Lock and Morpheus?" asks Trinity back. Neo nods. "Niobe." "Captain Niobe?" "Mhm. She used to be with Morpheus, now she's with Lock." "What happened?" "Morpheus went to the Oracle, after that everything changed." "Yeah, she can do that." Trinity, Neo and Link start gathering their luggage when a teenage boy ( Clayton Watson ) comes running enthusiastically towards them. "How does he always know?" Trinity asks Neo in a hushed voice. "Doesn't he have anything better to do?" wonders Neo. "You know what they say about the life you save..." answers Trinity. "I didn't save his life," Neo claims. The kid, now right in front of them, welcomes them home and offers to carry their bags. Both Neo and Trinity decline. "You can carry these..." says Link. "Sure, Link." As they all walk towards the elevators the kid starts going on about how he will be old enough to join a crew next year and that he wants to serve aboard the Nebuchadnezzar. His main reason for this is that Neo saved him. "You saved yourself," assures Neo. Meanwhile Lock ( Harry Lennix ) tells Morpheus off for asking a ship to stay behind, when they all had been ordered back to Zion. Morpheus defends himself with his belief that they must have the Oracles advice and that Neo will be the key to ending the war. Lock on the other hand has no confidence in the prophecy and is only concerned with having all the firepower available for when the machines reaches Zion. The kid mentions a gathering that evening, a bigger one than anyone can remember. It is a popular belief that something big will happen. Councillor Hamann ( Anthony Zerbe ) enters in the middle of the discussion. He asks their opinion on what is to be said about the situation to the people at the gathering that evening. Lock believes they should know as little as possible, they wouldn't want to start a panic. Morpheus thinks the truth should be told and that there will be no panic because there is nothing to fear. They enter the elevator and after a few seconds of silence Link gets off telling the kid to come with him. "These two have other things to do." As soon as the elevator doors closes Neo and Trinity drop their bags and make out passionately. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" asks Neo. "I'm thinking this elevator is too damn slow," replies Trinity. But before long they are interrupted by the elevator doors opening and are received by a crowd of people. They carry offerings, asking Neo to look over their sick children etc. Neo thanks them for their gifts and says he'll try. Trinity lowers her head in disappointment and starts to walk away. Neo asks her not to go, but Trinity answers, "It's okay. They need you." "I need you," he pleads. "I know, there's time," she assures him and walks away. Meanwhile, Link arrives at his apartment where his girlfriend, Zee ( Nona Gaye ), is waiting with her sister-in-law, Cas ( Gina Torres ), her niece ( Alima Ashton-Sheibu ) and nephew ( Joshua Mbakwe ). "Uncle Link!" the little ones exclaim as he walks through the door. After welcoming him home, Cas and her kids leave. Zee is not happy at all. Link serving on Morpheus' ship terrifies her. All other ships are home twice as often as the Nebucadnezzar. She has also already lost two brothers to that ship and is afraid she will lose him too. "It's not fair," she says. "You think Cas thinks it's fair that I'm here and Dozer's not?" Link argues. He also says nothing will happen to him, Morpheus says it will all be over soon. The important thing is that he's home now and they hug. Evening comes and everyone is gathered in Zion's temple cavern. Counselor Hamann is standing on a cliff high above the masses, as he gives the opening prayer and introduces Morpheus, who then steps up and gives his speech. He confirms the rumors of the machines digging, and convinces everyone that there is indeed nothing to be afraid of. "We are still here!" is his main argument and tonight they will make so much noise as to show the machines that they are not afraid. The music starts and everyone starts dancing as if it really was their last night on earth. As he leaves the podium, Morpheus runs into Niobe and they flirt mildly before Lock call her to his side. Meanwhile Neo and Trinity meet up in the outskirts of the caves. "I was thinking. Everyone's here..." says Neo. "Follow me." answers Trinity. While everyone else parties like never before, Neo and Trinity are alone at last and they make passionate love to each other and have the sex of their lives! However, Neo suddenly gets a flash of his dream where Trinity is shot and falls into his fears of losing her. Trinity asks what is wrong, but he only answers that he is afraid of losing her. She grasps his hand, "Do you feel this? I'm never letting go." They hold each other tightly and remain silently in each others arms. Eventually everyone goes to bed and the lights are shut down. Back in the Matrix Bane ( Ian Bliss ) and another member of the Caduceus crew are fleeing for their lives from something. They have reached an exit and have a message from the Oracle. Bane goes last and just before he can get out Smith jumps through the skylight and plunges his hand into Bane's chest. "Oh, God" shivers Bane in terror. "Smith will suffice," says the former agent satisfied. Black fluid of sorts spreads all over Bane's body from where Smith has his hand, and once covered he is another Smith-clone. The clone then puts the phone to his ear and leaves the Matrix. Neo wakes up and goes outside his apartment gazing over the city. Councillor Hamann approaches him and offers his company. Neo accepts. Hamann asks if Neo has ever been to the engineering level. He has not, so they go. Once down there Hamann tells Neo about his wondering if they, the free humans, aren't in a sense plugged into these machines. They do after all depend on them. Neo answers that they control these machines, that if they wanted to they could shut them down, destroy them. But, Hamann points out there is the catch. If they did turn them off, what would happen to their water supply, heat etc.? But in the end he has no point to his musings and they leave it at that. It's morning and Ballard knocks on a door in Zion and Trinity opens. "Is Neo here?" Trinity opens the door further and Neo appears. It's a message from the Oracle. Against Lock's orders Morpheus takes off with ship and crew to have Neo meet with her. Before departure Zee tries to urge Link to wear her lucky necklace. He reluctantly agrees, not believing in that stuff, and they kiss. As the party go their ship Bane/Smith sits in nook of the tunnel, cutting his hand with a knife. When the quartet pass him, he sneaks up behind them, knife in hand. He is discovered though when the kid from before comes running. "Neo!" Bane/Smith hides the knife behind his back and claims he just wanted to say good luck. The kid has to say goodbye to his hero too before he leaves and give him something from one of the orphans. "He said you'd understand." It's a metal spoon. Lock is outraged at Counselor Hamann for giving the Nebuchadnezzar clearance to leave. He did so because he believes their survival depends on more than how many ships they have. Neo enters the Matrix near the designated address, which is in Chinatown. He enters a small room from the street and at the back of the room sits an Asian-looking man in corresponding clothes, meditating. To Neo, who sees everything in coding, the stranger radiates a golden light. "Welcome," he says. "I am Seraph." He will take Neo to the Oracle. "But first I must apologize." "For what?" wonders Neo. "For this," says Seraph ( Collin Chou ) and attacks. After some kicking, punching and blocking, Seraph is satisfied. He had to make sure Neo really was the One, as the Oracle has many enemies. "You could have just asked," claims Neo with a smile. "You do not really know someone until you fight them," answers Seraph. He then shuts the door to the street, pulls out a key that he turns in the key hole and opens the door again. It no longer leads to the streets of Chinatown, but to a white hallway lined with green doors. "These are back doors," Neo concludes. Seraph confirms. "Where'd they go?" Link wonders in the real world. They walk down the hall till Seraph stops and opens another door. This one leads to an isolated courtyard where the Oracle ( Gloria Foster ) sits waiting on a bench. Neo approaches her and she asks him to sit down. He politely declines. "Suit yourself," she says and shrugs. Neo sits down after all. "I felt like sitting." "Of course." "Let's get the obvious out of the way," the Oracle starts. "You're not human, are you," Neo says. "Doesn't get more obvious than that." "If I had to guess I'd say you were a program of the machine world. And so is he," Neo looks at Seraph. "I guess the most obvious question is, how can I trust you?" The Oracle answers that he has to choose whether to trust her or not. "Candy?" she offers him. "You already know if I'm going to take it?" "Wouldn't be much of an oracle if I didn't." "Then how can I make a choice?" The Oracle replies that he has already made the choice and only needs to understand it. "But why are you here?" wonders Neo. The Oracle points out a flock of crows and explains that at some point a program to govern them as well as all other things. The programs that do their job are invisible, as opposed those who do not. The latter manifest as what humans refer to as ghosts, vampires etc. "When a program faces deletion it can either choose to hide out here or return to the Source. Where you must go." "The machine mainframe." "You've seen, haven't you? The The door of bright light." Neo confirms. "What happens when you walk through it?! "I see Trinity. Something bad happens and Trinity starts to fall." "Do you see her die?" "No" "You've got the sight now Neo." Neo wants to know why he can not see what happen to Trinity, but the answer he gets is simply that we cannot see past the choices we do not understand. "Are you saying I have to choose whether Trinity lives or dies?" "No, Neo. You've already made the choice." Neo refuses to accept this, he can not do such a thing, but he has to. "Why?" "Because you are the One." If Neo doesn't go to the Source all of Zion will perish, and to get there he will need the Keymaker, an exile program currently held captive by the Merovingian an old and dangerous program. Seraph comes over saying they must leave and so he and the Oracle leave through the back door. Just as the door closes Smith appears. Apparently Neo and he are connected somehow. He explains that when Neo destroyed him he was supposed to be deleted, but he refused to obey the rules and has now become "unplugged". Then there is the question of purpose and Smith-clones start coming towards them, each elaborating on the importance of purpose. When the "original" Smith and Neo are surrounded by clones, Smith tries to turn him into another clone, but with some effort Neo manages to resist and pulls Smith's hand out of his chest. All Smiths attack. A lengthy fight ensues, more clones joining in continually. In the middle of it all an agent comes to the scene only to be turned into yet another clone, but not before recognizing Smith in surprise. Eventually Neo abandons the fight and all the clones go their separate ways. Back in the real world Neo is unplugged. "It was Smith," says Morpheus. Neo confirms and that he has found a way to copy himself. In Zion the council and all crews are gathered. Lock explains their current situation and tactics. The council have limited confidence in these tactics. They then ask if there has been word from the Nebucadnezzar. There has not. Hence the council asks for two volunteer ships to go search for them, against Lock's protests. Captain Soren ( Steve Bastoni ) stands up immediately. No other reacts to the request. Bane/Smith suggests to Ballard that they should volunteer, but Ballard just tells him to shut up. Eventually Niobe declares her willingness to search for the missing party, to Lock's surprise and horror. He tries to forbid her to go, but she is determined, because some things never change and some things do. Neo, Trinity and Morpheus arrive at a French restaurant in the Matrix, where thy find the Merovingian ( Lambert Wilson ) and his wife, Persephone ( Monica Bellucci ), at the head table as if they were king and queen. As a "trafficker of information", as he calls himself, the Merovingian knows why they are there. The question is, according to him, do they know? He says they are there because they were told to, declares he has no intention of letting go of the Keymaker and tells them to tell the Oracle from him that "her time is almost up." He also explains to them what he holds as the one truth, namely the forces of causality. As he has said all he feels like sharing he cuts the negotiations short and excuses himself to the men's room. Neo, Morpheus and Trinity are escorted to the elevator by the Merovingian's henchmen. When the elevator stops and the doors open they see Persephone waiting for them. "If you want the Keymaker, follow me," she says dryly and takes them to the men's room (where the Merovingian is not). "Why are you doing this?" Neo asks. Her answer is that she has come to resent her husband. She will take them to the Keymaker on one condition: that Neo kiss her as if she were Trinity, she wants to remember what love feels like. Trinity protests by pulling a gun at Persephone, but as they need the Keymaker she has no choice but to back down and look on in anguish. As soon as Persephone is satisfied she fulfills her promise. She leads them through the kitchen of the restaurant and to a door at the other end. This she opens with a key similar to that of Seraph's. This takes them to the great hall of a chateau. Persephone further leads the party to a small study where two shady men are sitting guard. She shoots one with a silver bullet and tells the other to tell his master what she has done or die like his friend. "He's in the lady's room," Persephone shouts after the vampire as he scurries off and opens a secret door to the dungeons, where they find the Keymaker ( Randall Duk Kim ). As they re-enter the main hall, the Merovingian and his henchmen burst through the front door. He is shocked by his wife's actions and fail to understand her reasons. She plainly explains that it is just like he said: cause and effect. The Merovingian claims there is no cause for this, but Persephone points out the lipstick he is still wearing (not on his lips...) and leaves. The Merovingian immediately order the Twins ( Neil Rayment and Adrian Rayment ), who turn out to have the ability to turn into spectrals, to get the Keymaker back. The Keymaker flees right away and Trinity and Morpheus follow him, leaving Neo to handle the henchmen. They put up more of a fight than the agents, but are still not much of a match for the One. Disappointed the Merovingian and company leave the way they came, closing the door behind them. This causes the connection between the restaurant and castle to break and when he re-opens the door Neo finds himself high up in the mountains. He therefore runs the way the Keymaker went. Meanwhile, the Keymaker connects the door at the end of a hallway to a parking lot, but Trinity fails to close the door before one of the Twins gets an arm between the door and the door frame. Thus the other twin can merely glide through in spectral form, prompting Trinity to fight him (Morpheus holds the door), but she loses and the Twin pulls a knife to her throat. Morpheus has no choice but to let the other Twin through. In the meantime, the Keymaker acquires a car and Trinity runs over and gets in the driver's seat while Morpheus holds the Twins at bay. Morpheus gets in the car and they flee. As they drive away one of the twins closes the door in Neo's face. Neo crashes through the door anyway, but is again in the mountains. He calls Link who can only tell him he's in the mountains. Neo then inquires how Trinity and Morpheus are doing. They are in trouble, Link tells him, and gives him directions to their whereabouts. In the city Morpheus and Trinity are zooming through the streets trying to shake off the pursuing Twins who have acquired a car of their own. Morpheus calls Link for help and it turns out the only way is onto the freeway. By now, a load of police cars are on their tail. "You always told me to stay off the freeway," says Trinity. "Yes, that's true." "You said it was suicide." "Then let us hope that I was wrong." Elsewhere in the Matrix, Niobe calls Link to tell him they have come to get them out. "Just follow the sirens..." says Link. On the freeway, the Twins are now in front of Morpheus and co. and as soon as they run out of ammo, the one not driving takes spectral form and lands himself in the backseat of the other car, next to the Keymaker. Morpheus tries to fight him off, to little avail. Then Agents show up; one lands on the hood of Trinity's and Morpheus's car and rips off the roof. Morpheus, though held down by the Twin, fires at him, but this helps no more than it ever has before. Trinity hits the brakes so that the Agent is flung off. Morpheus continues to struggle with the Twin and eventually gets hold of a sword which he thrusts through his seat, forcing the twin to let go of his solid self and get left behind. He is immediately picked up by his brother. "We are getting aggravated." "Yes, we are." Another Agent has caught up with our heroes and fires away as well hitting them with his car. They manage to lose him though, by leaving the freeway in a way that causes the Agent to crash into the railing. They are now on a bridge over the freeway and come to a full stop. "Trinity, get him out of here," orders Morpheus. "Come on!" she shouts to the Keymaker and they jump off the bridge onto a truck below carrying a load of motorcycles. Morpheus stays behind to handle the Twins. He does this by causing their crash and shooting the gas tank. Trinity and the Keymaker obtain a motorcycle and continue towards their exit. It is not long however before an Agent takes control of a semi-truck, forcing Trinity to turn around. Police follow and are soon transformed into more Agents. Morpheus comes towards them on the roof of another semi-truck and grabs the Keymaker. Trinity is no longer being pursued and escapes, as it is the Keymaker the Agents want this time. An Agent therefore attacks Morpheus instead, and they battle on top of the semi. After a while Morpheus, is thrown off, but Niobe catches him on the hood of her car. The Agent approaches the Keymaker. "You are no longer necessary." "We do only what we're meant to do," says the Keymaker. "Then you're meant for only one more thing. Deletion." replies the Agent . Just as the Agent is about to terminate the Exile, Mopheus jumps on him, throwing him off. This only prompts the Agent to relocate to the driver's seat of the same semi-truck, and forces Niobe to leave. Further back another Agent is in control of another semi-truck and turns the truck, aiming for the other truck and a head-on collision. "Neo, if you're out there, I could use some help," prays Mopheus to himself. "What is that?" wonders Link about something on the screen. Neo comes flying through the air, grabbing Morpheus and the Keymaker in the nick of time. In Zion, they learn that the machines drilling through the earth are currently being slowed down by iron, which means they will be in Zion in little over nine hours. Soren, Niobe, Morpheus and their crews are gathered with the Keymaker. He tells them what they must do. Neo must go through the door that leads to the source, but to keep the entire building from exploding, the electrical network providing energy to 27 square blocks must be disabled. Niobe and Ghost ( Anthony Brandon Wong ) must therefore take out a power station while Soren and his crew deactivate the emergency network. This will give a five-minute window during which Neo must open the door. "All must be done as one. If one fails, all fail," the Keymaker instructs. Back in the real world, while waiting for it to be time for him to go, Neo makes Trinity promise not to enter the Matrix. She agrees. Niobe and Ghost succeed, but Soren and his crew are killed by Sentinels just before they accomplish their mission. Link and Trinity discover that they aren't moving and so Trinity has to go in to finish their job. As Neo sees the lights go out he, Morpheus and the Keymaker enter the hall of back door, where they are met by Smith. Trinity enters the Matrix and all happens as in Neo's dreams. In the hallway Neo and Morpheus are assaulted by a horde of Smiths. They try to take Morpheus' body for their own, but Neo prevents it. In the heat of the battle the Keymaker sneaks around by using alternate doors and opens the one they seek just as the power grid fails again, thanks to Trinity. Neo grabs Morpheus and flies through the door. Unfortunately the Keymaker is gunned down by Smiths as he closes it again, and dies. Before taking his last "breath," he tells Morpheus which door to take to get home and gives Neo the key he needs to open the special door. Simultaneously an Agent is heading for Trinity without her knowledge. Neo enters the door of light. He is now in a room where the walls are made up of old-fashioned television screens. In a chair on the other side of the room sits the Architect ( Helmut Bakaitis ), the one who designed the Matrix. Neo asks why is he there. The Architect explains that Neo is an anomaly he has been unable to remove. "You haven't answered my question," Neo points out. The Architect confirms and mentions that he caught on faster than the others... The screens, showing Neo and expressing his thoughts, all express bewilderment by what the Architect means. "The Matrix is older than you know," the Architect explains. Apparently this is the sixth version. Neo has trouble accepting, but concludes that "either no one told me or no one knows." "Precisely." The anomaly is essential to the equations the Architect builds the Matrix from. "Choice, the problem is choice," Neo realizes. Just then Trinity is surprised by an Agent. She is no match for him and soon hits the floor. The Architect describes the first Matrix, which was perfect and therefore failed. The Architect tried again, making it reflect the human nature, but in vain. The problem was discovered by "an intuitive program, initially created to investigate certain aspects of the human psyche." The Oracle discovered (according to the Architect, by chance) that the humans had to be given choice. This leads them to Zion and Neo is with the Architect because it is about to be destroyed, a fact Neo cannot accept.The Architect simply points out that it is for the sixth time and they are getting better and better at it. Trinity continues to battle the Agent, but is slowly being defeated. The Architect explains that Neo must now return to the Source so that the "prime program can be launched. Then he must choose 23 people to rebuild Zion. If he does not the Matrix will crash due to system failure, killing everyone connected. As Zion is about to be destroyed that would mean the end of the human race. Neo points out however that machines need humans to survive. "There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept," the Architect claims. He doubts however that Neo will accept the extinction of all humans. The Architect elaborates that the five predecessors were designed to develop an attachment to their fellow human beings. Neo, on the other hand has a more specific aim for his affections. "Trinity!" Neo exclaims in a whisper. The screens are showing her predicament, and the Architect reveals that she entered the Matrix to save his life. The Architect presents Neo with two doors. The one to his right leads to the Source, and the one on the left to Trinity and the downfall of man. The old man can tell that Neo's feelings are blinding him from the "fact" that Trinity will die either way. As the Oracle predicted, Neo goes to his left, only stopping to threaten the Architect that he better hope they don't meet again. "We won't," is the only reply. Back in the real world Morpheus is just coming out of the Matrix. "We have a problem, sir," says Link. "Oh, no," exclaims Morpheus as he sees Trinity connected. Trinity is still battling the Agent and jumps through the window and falls, the Agent close behind, and he shoots her as predicted in Neo's nightmares. Neo, flying faster than ever, catches her just in time, the agent hitting the car, crushing it. Neo lands on a rooftop with her and lays her down. She appears fatally wounded. Neo removes the bullet by manipulating the code of the Matrix, but Trinity's heart stops. Neo refused to accept her death. Reaching through the code of the Matrix, he compresses her heart and restarts it. She awakens with a start and they kiss passionately. "I guess this makes us even," she whispers. Morpheus fails to understand why the prophecy has not come true. Neo tells him and the others that they have 24 hours to save Zion and that the prophecy was just another form of control, a lie. Morpheus has major trouble accepting this, but before they can contemplate this complexity, their proximity alert sounds. The sentinels are just outside of EMP range. "It's a bomb," says Neo. They flee. Keeping its distance, the sentinel they detected spins itself rapidly and releases a tow bomb that collides with the Neb. From a safe distance the crew see the Nebuchadnezzar blown apart by the powerful weapon. "I have dreamed a dream, but now that dream has gone from me," Morpheus says, heartbroken. The Sentinels pursue them immediately and the humans run for their lives. Suddenly Neo stops. "Something's different," he says "What?" asks Trinity. "I can feel them." As the Sentinels descend on them, Neo stops them in mid-air, as if he were emitting an EMP. As soon as all the Sentinels are down he collapses. Just then the ship Hammer comes to their rescue. Aboard, Neo is lying unconscious in sickbay, Trinity at his side. In the conference room, the crew of the ship tell Morpheus and Link about the counterattack on the digging machines. It all sounded good, but someone screwed up. An EMP triggered before they were in position and five ships were incapacitated. It was a slaughter. No one knows how it happened. The sole survivor now lies unconscious in the sickbay of the Hammer with Neo. It is Bane. Continued in " The Matrix Revolutions (2003) ." 
 Scream 2 (1997)651) Two years after the first series of murders, as Sidney acclimates to college life, someone donning the Ghostface costume begins a new string of killings. Two years after the events of Scream, Sidney Prescott and Randy are attending Windsor college. They are trying to get on with their lives...Until a new Ghostface killing spree begins. With the help of Dewey and Gale, Sidney must find out who's behind the murders. As the body count goes up, the list of suspects goes down. It has been two years since the tragic events at Woodsboro. Sidney Prescott and Randy Meeks are trying to get on with their lives, and are currently both students at Windsor College. Cotton Weary is out of prison, and is trying to cash in on his unfortunate incarceration. Gale Weathers has written a bestseller, "The Woodsboro Murders," which has been turned into the film, "Stab," starring Tori Spelling as Sidney. As the film's play date approaches, the cycle of death begins anew. Dewey Riley immediately flies out of Woodsboro to try to protect Sidney, his "surrogate sister." But in this sequel to the 1996 horror film, the number of suspects only goes down as the body count slowly goes up! Phil Fernando Two years after the terrifying events that occurred in Woodsboro, Sidney is now attending Windsor College in Cincinnati with long time friend Randy. Meanwhile, Gale Weathers best selling book on Sidney's life has now been made into a major motion picture. When two college students are killed in a theatre while watching the new film "Stab," Sidney knows deep down that history is for sure repeating itself again. Gale Weathers is present around the college reporting on the latest gruesome details that her movie has sparked. Dewey comes to visit Sidney after he hears the news also. No one believes the murders were in any way connected to Woodsboro, until more students around the campus are found dead. Gale and Dewey investigate and find that someone is trying to recreate Woodsboro. Sidney is no rookie when it comes to surviving a killer but someone wiser is on campus to show her some good old fashion revenge. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Sidney Prescott relocates to Winsdor College, trying to forget what happen in Woodsboro, only to find that another psychopathic killer wants her dead. They also make the Woodsboro events into a motion picture, "Stab", based on the Gale Weathers book. Joseph Elm <Riotplaya@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sidney Prescott and Randy Meeks (Jamie Kennedy) attend Windsor College in Ohio. While attending the preview of Stab, based on a book by Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) about the Woodsboro murders, Phil Stevens (Omar Epps) is stabbed through the wall of a bathroom cubicle. The killer sits next to Maureen Evans (Jada Pinkett), and she assumes the killer is her boyfriend wearing a mask. During the Casey Becker death scene the crowd goes wild. Taking advantage of this, the killer stabs Maureen. Since many of the movie-goers are wearing the killer's costume (as publicity material provided by the movie studio) and carrying fake knives, nobody takes Maureen's attack seriously. As the crowd realizes she's not faking, she dies. Sidney and other Woodsboro survivor Randy Meeks soon realize that a killer is on the loose again. Meanwhile, Deputy Dewey (David Arquette) arrives on the campus to once again protect Sidney, and she and Dewey have an unwelcome reunion with Gale Weathers. The killer attempts to stab Sidney while setting up a copycat ploy. Alone in her sorority house, Casey "Cici" Cooper (Sarah Michelle Gellar) is threatened over the phone before the killer attacks her. After the police discover the body, the students at the nearby martini mixer go to investigate, leaving Sidney and her boyfriend Derek at the Delta Lambda Zeta house. The killer attacks Sidney, but Derek helps her escape. At the police station, Gale and Dewey notice that the names of the victims seem to loosely match the victims from The Woodsboro Murders. The police chief assigns two detectives to protect Sidney. The group is outside amongst dozens of college students when the killer telephones and taunts them. Gale and Dewey search the students in the area who have cell phones, trying to discover the killer. Randy is also looking around while talking to the killer on the phone, hoping to stall them. While he is outside a van, Randy is pulled inside and killed. His body is discovered by Gale and Dewey. Gale and Dewey visit a lecture room to watch the video footage they have been taking, to perhaps gain a glimpse of the killer. Gale then notices another TV screen playing footage that her cameraman had not taken. The perspective of the video is that of the Killer; showing clips of Cici in the porch and Randy in the park. Finally, it shows the backs of Dewey and Gale as they watch the video. They turn around and notice Ghostface in the projector room and Dewey gives chase. Gale is then cornered in the sound-system room, but manages to hide in the recording compartment. Dewey enters and attempts to get Gale's attention through the soundproof glass, however he is stabbed a couple of times and Gale notices in horror as he slides down the glass, with Ghostface standing behind him. Gale then manages to bar the door from the killer with a fallen shelf and the killer disappears. The detectives protecting Sidney are attacked while their vehicle is stopped at a traffic light. The killer crashes the car, killing the detectives and knocking the killer unconscious. Sidney and her roommate, Hallie, narrowly escape the wreckage of the car by squeezing past the unconscious killer in the front seat. Sidney decides to remove the killer's mask, but finds the killer gone. She turns around only to see Hallie being stabbed. Sidney runs to the school theater and is confronted by the killer. The killer reveals himself to be Mickey, her new boyfriend's best friend. Sidney finds Derek tied to a stage prop, and Mickey shoots Derek in the chest. Mickey also has a partner: Sidney turns around to see Gale coming out of the stage door, leading her to believe that Gale is the killer. Gale shakes her head "no" and Debbie Salt comes out, holding the other cop's gun. Sidney recognizes her as Mrs. Loomis, the mother of Sidney's previous boyfriend Billy. Mickey reveals that it was his plan to be caught for the murders so that he would become famous, immortalized by the media. He wanted to blame the killings on horror movies; the "effects of cinema violence in society." He met Mrs. Loomis on a "psycho website" and she agreed to fund his college tuition in return for his part in the killings. She also helped Mickey place calls to the victims. Mrs. Loomis' motive for killing Sidney and her friends was revenge for Sidney killing her son. Sidney points out that if Mrs. Loomis had not abandoned Billy then he and Stu Macher would not have started their killing spree. Mrs. Loomis shoots Mickey, removing him as a potential threat and stating that his legal defense was absurd. As Mickey is shot he shoots Gale, causing her to fall off the stage. Sidney is cornered by Mrs. Loomis and tricks her into believing Mickey is alive; when Mrs. Loomis is distracted, Sidney hits her with a prop jar. Sidney barricades herself backstage and causes the front of the stage to collapse on Mrs. Loomis. Mrs. Loomis survives and gets Sidney in an armlock, but then Cotton, the man Sidney had blamed for killing her mother arrives and takes Mickey's gun. Mrs. Loomis tries to convince Cotton to let her kill Sidney, but Cotton shoots Mrs. Loomis. Sidney and Cotton discover that Gale is wounded but alive, and help her. Mickey jumps up, and Gale and Sidney shoot him. Sidney turns around and shoots Mrs. Loomis in the head "just in case". It is revealed that Dewey survived his stabbing. He and Gale take an ambulance to the hospital. It turns out that Dewey's scar tissue from previously being stabbed in the back prevented this stabbing from being fatal. At the hospital, the news team arrives and tries to get a story on Sidney. Despite Sidney being the heroine, she tells them Cotton is the man to interview. The news team goes to him, after Cotton tells them there is a "time a place and a price" for an interview, he says, "it'll make one hell of a movie." Sidney walks off the campus, having survived the murders. 
 Collateral (2004)761) A cab driver finds himself the hostage of an engaging contract killer as he makes his rounds from hit to hit during one night in Los Angeles. This action thriller follows LA cabbie Max Durocher, the type of person who can wax poetic about other people's lives, which impresses U.S. Justice Department prosecutor Annie Farrell, one of his fares, so much that she gives him her telephone number at the end of her ride. Although a dedicated man as seen through the efficiency in which he does his work, he can't or won't translate that eloquence into a better life for himself. He deludes himself into believing that his now twelve year cabbie job is temporary and that someday he will own his own limousine service. He even lies to his hospitalized mother that he already owns one, with a further lie that he tells her as such primarily to make her happy, rather than the truth which is that he won't do anything to achieve that dream. One night, Max picks up a well dressed man named Vincent, who asks Max to be his only fare for the evening. For a flat fee of $600, plus an extra $100 if he gets to the airport on time - Vincent wants Max to drive him to five stops that evening. Max somewhat reluctantly agrees. Max learns the hard way at their first stop when a body falls from a third story apartment window and lands dead on top of his cab that Vincent is a contract hit man. Vincent's main goal, as per his current contract, is to kill five people, one at each of the stops, but he will not let others get in the way of that goal, even if it means killing them, including Max. As Vincent forces Max to continue driving him for the evening, Max tries slyly at every turn to take back control of his life from Vincent, especially when Max learns of one of the names on Vincent's hit list. Meanwhile, LAPD narcotics detective, Ray Fanning, and ultimately the FBI get involved when Vincent's first victim is associated with a case in which Ray is working undercover. Ray is able to piece together information which makes him hot on Max and Vincent's tail. Huggo Los Angeles cab driver Max Durocher lives an incredibly mundane life. He drives a cab day in and day out - and has for the last twelve years. His only escape from reality is a photo of a tropical island and the fact that he wants to start his own limo company. All that changes when a government investigative attorney named Annie Ferrell gets in his cab from the airport. Max is seemingly unaware of the case that Annie is involved in is about to have dire consequences for his very life. Immediately after dropping Annie off downtown, he picks up a fare who's known only by his first name - Vincent. Vincent offers Max a deal he can't refuse - $700 for making five stops, then getting him to the airport without making a run for it. But at the first stop, a body drops from the sky and Max soon realizes that Vincent is someone he's probably better off not knowing. Vincent is a calculating assassin hired by the very people being prosecuted by Annie - who's out to wipe out all the witnesses in the federal prosecution trial. Will Max make it out alive and live to tell the tale? Or will Vincent require more trunk space in the cab? halo1k Navigating through bustling Los Angeles' crammed streets for twelve hard years, the observant cab driver, Max, receives the first customer for the night: the formidable U.S. prosecutor, Annie Farrell. As one thing leads to another, and the total strangers start sharing things, Max picks up his second passenger after dropping Annie off at the city centre: the steely man of determination, Vincent, who offers Max a hefty $600 payment to hire him for the rest of his shift. Now, unbeknownst to them, Max and Annie's lives become inextricably intertwined with Vincent's, as his sinister schemes and his detailed list of appointments take them to various places in L.A. Now, five names, five locations, and a dead body in the trunk determine Max's fate. Who shall live and who shall die in this long and deadly passage into hell? Nick Riganas Max has lived a mundane life as a cab driver for twelve years. The faces have come and gone from his rear-view mirror: people and places he's long since forgotten--until tonight. Vincent is a contract killer. When an off-shore narco-trafficking cartel learns that they're about to be indicted by a federal grand jury, they mount an operation to identify and kill the key witness, and the last stage is tonight. It is on this very night that Vincent has arrived--and five bodies are supposed to fall. Circumstances cause Vincent to hijack Max' taxicab, and Max becomes collateral--an expendable person who's in the wrong place at the wrong time. Through the night, Vincent forces Max to drive him to each assigned destination. And as the L.A.P.D. and F.B.I. race to intercept them, Max and Vincent's survival become dependent on each other, in ways neither would have imagined. Sujit R. Varma Max Durocher is a night-shift cab driver in Los Angeles. He's planning a limo company called Island Limos, but has been a cab driver for twelve years. One night, he picks up a passenger named Vincent who seems like another ordinary passenger. But when he drops Vincent off at his location and waits for him as asked, a body falls on his cab, and it becomes clear that Vincent is actually a hitman, and he's got four more stops to make. Ridley Lavine Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Max is a cab driver in Los Angeles. One night he picks up Annie, a beautiful district attorney. The two have very friendly chat where Annie talks about her nervousness over her upcoming trial appearance and Max discusses his dream business, a limo company. When she suggests Max take a specific route to her office building downtown, Max suggests an alternate route. Annie insists on her first route and Max agrees but later is proven right. At the end of the ride Annie gives Max her card. Max tells Annie that he takes a vacation once a day: he has a picture of a tropical beach attached to his sun visor and stares at it every few hours to relax. Annie thanks him for the pep talk and leaves the cab and goes inside her building to work on her important case. A man approaches the cab, and Max almost doesn't notice him, but he gets the man in anyway. The man introduces himself as Vincent. He's very friendly and offers Max $600 to drive him around for the entire night. Max reluctantly agrees, knowing his supervisor disapproves of his drivers taking on single fares for an entire night. As the two chat, Vincent says that he hates Los Angeles because it is impersonal. He recalls a news story about a man who died on the subway but remained on the train for hours without anyone noticing. Max tells Vincent about his dream of opening a limo company, describing his job as a cab driver as temporary. Vincent asks how long he has been doing it, and Max confesses that his "temporary" job has lasted 12 years. Vincent has Max drive him to an apartment building and park in a side alley, mostly out of sight. Vincent goes upstairs as Max eats a sandwich. Suddenly, a dead body falls on the roof and windshield of Max's cab, breaking the glass, the light dome on top and putting a large dent in the roof. Vincent comes downstairs and reveals that he shot the man. He forces Max at gunpoint to help him hide the body in the cab's trunk. They wash the blood off the car and repair the light dome with duct tape. Max begs Vincent to let him go, but Vincent insists that he go with him. They are later pulled over by the LAPD, who notice the damage to Max's cab. Max is able to stall them for a few minutes by saying he hit a deer; the police are called away to handle another incident. Not long after, Max receives a call from his boss, who had received a call from the police informing him of the damage. Vincent instructs Max to tell his boss off and poses as an attorney, telling Max's boss that insurance will pay for the damage. He also tells Max to insult his boss, which Max reluctantly does. As the evening continues, Vincent has Max deliver him to more places where Vincent kills people. He has to kill five people by the end of the night. Meanwhile, a detective named Fanning is chasing the two, slowly figuring out what is going on. He pieces together several clues involving the people Vincent has killed, determining that the killer has used the same method to shoot them all; two shots in the chest and one in the skull. All the victims are know associates of a drug-dealing criminal set to go to trial in a few days. Fanning takes on the case. Despite the circumstances, Vincent seems to take a liking to Max, who doesn't return the favor. They later visit Max's mother in the hospital; Vincent wants Max's evening's work to appear as normal as possible to avoid suspicion. Max manages to slip away from Vincent with Vincent's bag, containing his laptop and the identity records of his targets. Max runs over a pedestrian bridge over an expressway and tosses the laptop over the fence where it's run over by a truck. Vincent responds by forcing Max to go to the man, who ordered these hits, a drug dealing gangster, Felix, and retrieve duplicates of the information. Max pretends to be Vincent to the mob boss, and successfully gets the remaining info for the hits. By this time, Fanning has joined an FBI stakeout of Felix's club and identifies Max, whom he thinks is the killer, as a cabbie. Fanning joins the FBI in following the cab. Meanwhile, Felix, questioning his confidence in Vincent, also has him followed by his own men to insure that Vincent will complete the final two hits. Vincent and Max go to a busy night club to kill a heavily guarded target. The FBI, LAPD, and Fanning also show up; Fanning is looking specifically for Max to escort him to safety. A massive gunfight ensues where Vincent kills his target and saves Max's life. Detective Fanning finds Max and is leading him out when Vincent appears behind him and shoots the police officer. Max and Vincent escape the carnage and head for the third mark. By this time Max has reached his breaking point and deliberately wrecks his cab. Vincent crawls out and leaves him behind. A police officer approaches Max to help him but sees the bodies Vincent hid in the trunk. While on the ground, Max sees Vincent's new computer screen and realizes that Annie is the final target, which explains why Vincent was outside that particular building earlier; he was studying the building's security systems. Max overpowers the cop and takes his gun. He races to Annie's building and reaches her at the same time Vincent does. Max shoots Vincent and runs away with Annie. However, Vincent survives his injury and chases the two of them onto a subway train. Vincent and Max fire their guns at one another, with Vincent sustaining mortal wounds. Vincent asks Max if he thinks anyone will notice his body. He dies in a sitting position as Max and Annie leave the train. 
 The Matrix Revolutions (2003)541) The human city of Zion defends itself against the massive invasion of the machines as Neo fights to end the war at another front while also opposing the rogue Agent Smith. Neo finds himself trapped between the Matrix and the Real World. Meanwhile, Zion is preparing for the oncoming war with the machines with very little chances of survival. Neo's associates set out to free him from The Merovingian since it's believed that he is the One who will end the war between humans and the machines. What they do not know is that there is a threat from a third party, someone who has plans to destroy both worlds. Soumitra It is a dark time for the world in this final adventure. the epic war between man and machine reaches a thundering crescendo: the Zion military, aided by courageous civilian volunteers like Zee and the Kid, desperately battles to hold back the Sentinel invasion as the Machine army bores into their stronghold. Facing total annihilation, the citizens of the last bastion of humanity fight not only for their own lives, but for the future of mankind itself. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} In this explosive final chapter of the Matrix trilogy, Neo, Morpheus and Trinity battle to defend Zion, the last real-world city, against the onslaught of the machines that have enslaved the human race. And now, as Neo learns more about his heroic powers--including the ability to see the codes of things and the people, he faces the consequences of the choice made in [url=tt0234215]. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bane/Smith and Neo are both in an unconscious state. The former is said to be merely asleep, whereas neural patterns of Neo are identical to those of people who are connected to the Matrix. Morpheus, dispirited after the destruction of the Nebuchadnezzar and discovering the true nature of the Prophecy at the end of the last film, starts a search for Neo within the Matrix despite him not being jacked in. Neo is in fact trapped in a limbo: a subway station named "Mobil Avenue" ("Mobil" notably being an anagram for "Limbo".), a transition zone between the Matrix and the Source (the Machine mainframe). At this station, Neo meets a 'family' of programs (of Indian Origin). The little girl called Sati talks to Neo, saying that her father has told her Neo isn't supposed to be in the station. Father tells Neo that Mobil Avenue is controlled by a program called The Trainman who, in turn, is an exile loyal only to The Merovingian. When Neo tries to board the train with the family, the Trainman refuses, and knocks him away from the train, telling Neo he makes the rules down here. Seraph contacts Morpheus on behalf of the Oracle, who now resides in a different "shell" (see Cast, above). The Oracle informs Morpheus and Trinity of Neo being trapped in Mobil Avenue. Seraph, Morpheus, and Trinity pursue the Trainman to secure Neo's release, but he escapes. Their only option now is to go to a place called Club Hel and confront the Merovingian for Neo's freedom. The three fight their way from the club's parking garage to the coat check station. They engage some of the Merovingian's guards, who are able to walk on ceilings and walls and kill them all, gaining access to the elevator. The trio force their way into a large dance hall, brandishing two guns each. The Merovingian, in a display of scornful admiration, tells them to hand over their guns and he'll meet with them directly. The Merovingian demands "the eyes of the Oracle" in exchange for Neo's release. Trinity however loses her patience and provokes a Mexican standoff in which she, Morpheus, Seraph and the Merovingian each have a gun to their heads, forcing the Merovingian to release Neo. In Mobil Ave, Neo tries to leave by running through the train tunnel. When he does, he simply runs back into the station from the opposite direction. Some time later, Trinity arrives and frees Neo. Troubled by new visions of the Machine City, Neo decides to visit the Oracle one last time before returning to the real world. She informs him that as the One, upon visiting the Source (the Machine mainframe), he developed a connection with it. The Matrix and the rest of the Machine world, are derived from the Source as well. Thus we learn that all of Neo's abilities - both in and out of the Matrix - exist because of this connection. This is how Neo was able to stop the machines giving pursuit after the Nebuchadnezzar was destroyed, although the end result of his lack of preparation was temporary confinement in Mobil Avenue. She characterizes Smith (who is also growing in power) as his exact "opposite" and his "negative". She also elaborates upon the relationship between her and the Architect (tellingly, each of them ejects an exasperated "Please!" when Neo asks them about the other). She also tells Neo cryptically that "everything that has a beginning has an end" and warns that Smith's power threatens not only the Matrix, but also the Source and eventually the Machine City. The Oracle states that the war is about to end "one way or another." After Neo takes leave of the Oracle, a large group of Smith clones arrive at her home. One of them, the original Smith, finds Seraph and Sati. Smith then confronts the unresisting Oracle and assimilates her, and having gained her powers of precognition, the new Smith cackles maniacally at the future he is seeing. In the real world, the remaining crew of the Nebuchadnezzar and the Mjolnir (referred to by the characters as "the Hammer") encounter Niobe's deactivated ship, the Logos and its crew (whose ordeal is portrayed in the game Enter The Matrix). They successfully reactivate the ship and begin to interrogate the now awakened Bane, who claims he has no memory of the events of the earlier battle. After contemplating his visions, Neo announces that he needs a ship to travel to the Machine City, although he cannot explain why. Roland, the Mjolnir's captain refuses him but Niobe (who was told by the Oracle in Enter The Matrix that she would have to make a choice to help Neo or not), lets him take the Logos over Roland's protests. Trinity decides to accompany Neo. The two remaining crews plan to return to Zion, and avoid the Sentinel army by allowing Niobe to pilot the Mjolnir through a series of service tunnels, which are nearly impossible to navigate. Shortly after departure, the Mjolnir's crew discover that Bane has murdered a crew member and has hidden aboard the Logos. However they are unable to double-back in order to warn Trinity and Neo. Before the Logos can depart, Bane ambushes Trinity and takes her hostage. Neo fights Bane, who reveals himself as a manifestation of Smith. During the struggle, Bane manages to blind Neo by cauterizing his eyes with a severed electric cable. As Bane appears to have the upper hand, he closes in on Neo - only to have his attack thwarted and reversed. Neo can see Smith inside Bane as a fiery form, in spite of his blindness. Neo finishes the fight by smashing Bane's head with a jackhandle and releases Trinity, who pilots them towards the Machine City. Niobe, with Morpheus as her co-pilot, flies the Mjolnir through the lowest tunnel system. Flying slowly and at low power to avoid detection, they make their way to Zion. One of the craft's hover pads collides with the debris on the floor of the tunnel - the bang is heard by the sentinels, who immediately pursue the craft. The crew makes a valiant effort to fight them off, however, they overwhelm the ship and begin to damage it with cutting lasers. A small group of sentinels also rips off the craft's communication's antenna, making it impossible for them to signal Zion they're coming. In Zion, the defenders deploy infantry armed with rocket launchers and Armored Personnel Units in order to protect the dock from assault. The dock is breached by two giant drilling machines, Diggers, and a huge swarm of sentinels, igniting The Battle of Zion. Despite a desperate effort the APUs fail in holding the Dock and many are destroyed. In other areas of the dock, Link's wife, Zee, and her partner, Charra, use a rocket launcher to fight the sentinels and Diggers. Charra manages to blow the leg off a Digger, however it uses another of it's legs to stabilize itself. She is also able to disable another Digger for a short time - it is soon reactivated by more sentinels that recharge the massive machine. Zee is able to escape the sentinels, however, Charra is killed by them. During the battle, Captain Mifune fails to open the gate for the approaching Mjolnir and is attacked and viciously wounded by a swarm of sentinels. With his last breath he tells Kid (who was renewing his ammunition supply at the time), to open the gate for the Mjolnir. Kid is reluctant at first, saying he did not complete the combat training needed, only for Mifune to tell him, "Neither did I." The Kid suddenly finds the courage to fight through a cloud of Sentinels to the gate and open it. Just as the remaining humans are about to be overwhelmed, the Mjolnir bursts through the gate, with further Sentinels close behind. The Mjolnir's EMP is fired which disables all electronic equipment in the area. The EMP destroys all the present Sentinels, but it also disables the remainder of Zion's defenses. The humans are forced gather what weapons they can and fall back to the temple entrance, awaiting the next Sentinel swarm which will surely overwhelm them all. Nearing the Machine City, Neo and Trinity fly over the harvesting fields where millions of humans produce energy for the city. They are attacked by the city's defense system, which hurls numerous mobile bombs and Sentinels at the Logos. Neo uses the power given by his connection to the Source to destroy the incoming bombs. However, Sentinels overwhelm the ship. To evade them Trinity flies the Logos up into an electrical storm cloud. The Sentinels are disabled, but the cloud also disables the ship's engines. As the ship emerges temporarily above the cloud layer, Trinity gets her only glimpse of real sunlight and blue sky. The ship then stalls and plummets back into the storm cloud as it free-falls directly toward the Machine City. Trinity attempts to ignite the engines but it is too late and the ship crashes into a machine tower. The impact of the collision fatally wounds Trinity, and she dies in Neo's arms. Neo emerges into the Machine City to strike a bargain with the machines, personified by the Deus Ex Machina. Neo warns the machines that Smith (who has by now assimilated every human and programme within the Matrix) is beyond the machines' control, and will soon assault the Source to which the Matrix is connected. He offers to help stop Smith in exchange for a ceasefire with Zion. The second wave of Sentinels in Zion instantly responds by standing down at the temple entrance. Neo openly confronts the Deus Ex Machina, a massive droid with a human child's face that acts as the interface to The Source. Neo negotiates with it, saying that in exchange for a peaceful coexistence, he'll destroy Smith and his clones, which have infected most of the Machine City. The Deus insists that they don't need Neo's assistance, to which Neo says "If that's true... then you should kill me now." The Deus agrees, providing a connection for Neo to enter the Matrix and confront Smith. The Deus suggests that Neo might fail - Neo says he won't. The city is now wholly populated by tens of thousands of Smith copies - the clone with the Oracle's powers steps forth, claiming he has already foreseen his own victory. Smith's clones stand by and watch while Neo and Smith square off. Fighting on the streets, through buildings and into the sky, they continually repel each other. While battling in the sky, Smith grabs Neo and plunges to the ground with him, creating a massive crater. The two continue to battle in the crater, seemingly to a standstill. Neo is eventually outmatched by Smith, who pauses to gloat that he has "seen this [the details of his victory] before". Describing the details aloud, he cannot remember what he was supposed to say next in his vision. Neo refuses to give up the fight, and a frustrated Smith continues his attack until Neo is too badly hurt to go on. To both Smith and Neo's surprise, Smith announces "everything that has a beginning has an end." Hearing the Oracle's parting advice again allows Neo to understand that Smith's assimilation is not total, and baits the scared Smith into assimilating him. Neo's final words to Smith are, "It was inevitable," quoting Smith's oft-spoken admonition. Smith's assimilation of Neo is seemingly successful, and when the Oracle-Smith asks Neo-Smith whether it is over, he receives a nod and smile as reply. Back in the Machine city, Neo's body spasms as a surge of energy enters his body through the Matrix connection. Neo is returning to the source, and starting with the Neo copy of Smith, a white light begins to rip the clones apart from the inside out. One by one, similar to the destruction of Agent Smith at the end of The Matrix, the copies are destroyed. With the elimination of the Smiths, all the programs and humans that were possessed return to normal, including the Oracle. The Sentinels that were about to attack the humans withdraw from Zion. Neo, having sacrificed himself to save both the Machines and humans, is unplugged from the Matrix and his body is respectfully carried away by the Machines. The Architect, upon meeting the Oracle, tells her that she "played a very dangerous game" by attempting to change the way the Matrix functioned. The Oracle responds by saying that she understood the risk and knew it was worth taking. She asks the Architect what will become of any humans who want to be unplugged from the Matrix, and the Architect replies that "they will be freed." The Oracle asks the Architect, "Do I have your word?" The Architect answers "What do you think I am? Human?" The closing shot of the film depicts a new dawn on the world of the Matrix, created by Sati. Plant life is shown in the Matrix, and for the first (and last) time the ubiquitous green tint is absent. 