nm0000525:

 Welcome to the Dollhouse (1995)431) An awkward seventh-grader struggles to cope with inattentive parents, snobbish class-mates, a smart older brother, an attractive younger sister and her own insecurities in suburban New Jersey. Seventh-grade is no fun. Especially for Dawn Weiner when everyone at school calls you 'Dog-Face' or 'Wiener-Dog.' Not to mention if your older brother is 'King of the Nerds' and your younger sister is a cutesy ballerina who gets you in trouble but is your parents' favorite. And that's just the beginning--her life seems to be falling apart when she faces rejection from the older guy in her brother's band that she has a crush on, her parents want to tear down her 'Special People's Club' clubhouse, and her sister is abducted.... Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> Seventh grade Benjamin Franklin Junior High School student Dawn Wiener is a social outcast who wants to be liked. At school, she is often bullied and called Wiener Dog. The other social outcasts don't want to associate with her. Her teachers don't even seem to like her. And at home, her parents, especially her mother, favor Dawn's younger sister, the ballerina princess-like Missy, or Dawn's older brother, the nerdish Mark, who at least has a focus on the goal of getting into a good college. Because of this lack of attention at home, Dawn will often use the bullying tactics used on her by others on Missy, which gets her into even more trouble with her parents. Dawn's want for social acceptance leads her quietly fostering the attention of one of her primary school bullies, Brandon McCarthy, a boy from the proverbial wrong side of the tracks who always threatens to rape her. But Dawn's focus on Brandon lessens when Mark enlists the services of older popular student Steve Rodgers for his mediocre band (in exchange for help at school). Because he doesn't shun her, Dawn works toward the goal of getting Steve to be her boyfriend. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dawn Wiener (Heather Matarazzo) is a shy, unattractive, unpopular 12-year-old 7th grader in a middle-class suburban community in New Jersey. Her older brother Mark (Matthew Faber) is a nerdy 11th grade high school student who plays the clarinet in a garage band and shuns girls in order to prepare for college. Dawn's younger sister Missy (Daria Kalinina) is a seven-year-old spoiled, manipulative little girl who pesters Dawn and dances happily in a tutu. Their mother (Angela Pietropinto) is a shrewish, overbearing woman who dotes on Missy and always sides with her in disputes with Dawn. Their father is a meek, selfish businessman who always sides with Dawn's mother. Dawn's only friend is an effeminate fifth-grade boy named Ralphy (Dimitri DeFresco), with whom she shares a dilapidated clubhouse in her backyard. Dawn's life in junior high is even more miserable: all of classmates call her names and cover her locker with derisive graffiti, the cheerleaders call her a lesbian, an abrasive teacher unfairly keeps her after school one day for no reason, another girl forces her to use the toilet while the girl watches, and she is threatened with rape by a bully named Brandon McCarthy (Brendon Sexton), who has almost as much trouble socializing as she does. Her attempts to take out her frustrations only get her into trouble. At home, her mother punishes her for calling Missy a lesbian and refusing to be nice to her (considering that Missy is never friendly towards Dawn). The next day at school, Dawn accidentally hits a teacher in the eye with a spitball and she gets suspended for three days. Dawn's stupid and ignorant parents continue to be unsure of what is causing her rude behavior and Dawn refuses to talk to them about her hellish life at school, aware that they will not understand. Brandon's first attempt to rape Dawn after school fails when he does not seem to force himself upon her, but he orders her to meet him again the next day after school. After she presents herself to him and he takes her to an abandoned field, he starts an earnest conversation and only kisses her, even though she is obviously willing. Brandon is clearly not the bad seed that he puts himself out to be, but just like Dawn, he is a socially awkward kid who hides his own unhappiness behind anger and aggression. Meanwhile, Mark's band is joined by Steve Rodgers (Eric Mabius), a cool, handsome 19-year-old guy who intends to become a rock star. Dawn immediately falls in love with him, and she decides to pursue him romantically after he spends some time with her, even though one of Steve's former girlfriends explains to Dawn that she has no chance to become his current girlfriend. As the film continues, Dawn and Brandon treat each other ambivalently. He bonds with her in her clubhouse only after another girl rejects him, and Dawn pursues him only after Steve rejects her. Toward the end of the film, Brandon is expelled from school for suspected drug dealing and, after kissing Dawn, runs away to avoid being sent to military school. Dawn comes over to Brandon's house the day he runs away to visit and sees that his home life is even worse then hers; He has an abusive and alcoholic widowed father, and a mentally retarded older brother who requires constant supervision. After angrily rejecting Ralphy as a boyfriend, Dawn is left with no friends at all. The next occasion of Dawn's embarrassment is a lawn party to celebrate her parents' 18th wedding anniversary. When Dawn refuses to tear down her clubhouse to make room for the party, her mother has Mark and Missy destroy it and gives them her share of a chocolate cake. At the party, Missy humiliates Dawn when she pushes her into a kiddie pool for no reason in front of the assembled guests who laugh at it. That evening, the family watches a videotape of the party, with all of them (except Dawn) laughing when Dawn falls into the water, which further alienates her as her immature parents continue to remain oblivious to Dawn's alienation. Later that night, Dawn smashes the videotape to pieces with a hammer and briefly brandishes her hammer over Missy's bed as she sleeps to bludgeon her to death. But Dawn cannot bring herself to commit murder and instead walks away and goes to bed. Dawn's ultimate personal disaster occurs a few weeks later when her father's car breaks down while he is driving home from work and her mother has to pick him up. Dawn is to tell Missy to find a ride home from ballet class while their mother is away. However, Missy argues with Dawn, who retaliates by not telling her, with the result that Missy is kidnapped by a stranger while she is walking home alone. When Missy's tutu is found in Times Square, Dawn goes to New York City hoping to find Missy and become a hero to make her difficult parents notice and respect her. After a full day and night of searching fruitlessly for Missy, Dawn phones home to check up on what is going on and Mark tells her that Missy has been found by the police after she was abducted by a neighbor who lives just down their street, but Missy was not sexually abused or hurt, but only spoiled with treats by her abductor. Dawn returns home dejected and she is soon appalled when she sees that both of her parents were too preoccupied with Missy's traumatic kidnapping ordeal to even notice Dawn's own absence. But at least to Dawn's credit, her parents never figure out that she was indirectly responsible for Missy kidnapping by withholding information from her that led to Missy being abducted in the first place. After this, Dawn's classmates make fun of her as she gives a speech in the assembly hall to thank them for their "emotional support". It is only after the principal orders the unruly students to be quiet, Dawn gives herself enough mental strength to finish her speech and then makes a quick exit from the auditorium. A few more weeks later, school is let out for the summer. Having passed 7th grade, Dawn is relieved that her painful ordeal at school is over... at least for the next three months. Afterwards, Dawn's mental state takes a further blow when Mark offers her no hope of a better life until high school... which according to him is will not be much better. As the movie comes to an end, Dawn finds herself literally back where she started... only worse. She is still unpopular and unattractive, she still has no friends, and on top of that, her selfish and immature parents have gone from mistreating and neglecting her to ignoring her completely. Rather then counting down the long summer days to go back to school for 8th grade (and thus endure another hellish year of bullying and abuse), Dawn decides to get away from her home life by signing herself up for a month-long school summer trip to Florida's Walt Disney World. Her self-involved parents are still too pre-occupied with their own lives to approve of Dawn's permission to leave for the summer, and do not even notice her packing up to leave, much less say "goodbye" to her. The final scene shows Dawn sitting among her other classmates on the school bus as she obediently joins the students singing the school anthem during the field trip to Florida. While the other girls continue singing the school anthem, Dawn, unnoticed by everyone else, slowly stops singing as she sorrowfully looks out the bus window to ponder her uncertain future. 
 Saved! (2004)44) When a girl attending a Christian high school becomes pregnant, all of her former friends turn on her and she is ostracized and demonized. Mary is a senior at American Eagle Christian High School in suburban Baltimore. She considers herself born again; her rebirth was at age three. Her best friends are two classmates that comprise the Christian Jewels band with her. Hilary Faye is the alpha Christian who outwardly is perfect, especially in her connection to God Veronica is ethnic Vietnamese who was adopted and thus saved by a black Christian couple. A third is Tia, who is generally an outsider in her geek status but who aspires to be in this Christian clique. Also within their social circle--solely from necessity--is Hilary Faye's older brother Roland, who has been in a wheelchair since age nine after falling out of a tree; out of family obligation Hilary Faye transports him to and from school and everywhere else, but the rest of the time the siblings scorn each other. One of Hilary Faye's God-driven missions for the year is to save new student Cassandra, a Jewish girl who was expelled from her last school and only attends this faith-based school as a marginally-better option than the alternative. Mary's world starts to fall apart just before the start of the school year when her boyfriend Dean tells her he thinks he's gay. Mary receives what she believes are messages from God, including one indirectly through Hilary Faye, that make her believe she can save Dean by having sex with him and if this does save Dean, God will restore her spiritual virginity. The outcome? Dean is outed anyway and sent away for conversion therapy; and Mary becomes pregnant, something she doesn't tell Dean or Lillian, her mother. Her pregnancy affects how she treats another new student, Patrick, the son of the school's principal, Pastor Skip. As Mary tries to figure out what to do, her Christian faith is tested by many other Christians justifying what may be considered sins in having a higher Godly purpose, which she is unaware includes a relationship between her mother and married Pastor Skip. Huggo Mary is a good Christian girl who goes to a good Christian high school where she has good Christian friends, mainly Hilary Faye, and a perfect Christian boyfriend, Dean. Her life seems perfect, until the day that she finds out that Dean may be gay. After "seeing" a vision of Jesus in a pool, she does everything in her power to help him turn straight, including offering up her virginity. But none of it helps because Dean's caught and sent to a "degayification" center and Mary ends up pregnant. During her time of need, Hilary Faye turns her into a social outcast, but she becomes real friends with the school's set of "misfits," including Cassandra, the school's only Jewish girl; Roland, Hilary Faye's wheelchair-bound brother; and Patrick, the skateboarder son of the school's principal, Pastor Skip. Will In a Christian school (not Catholic), Mary's friendship with wealthy fanatic Hilary Faye ends when Mary gets pregnant trying to "save" her gay boyfriend by having sex with him and (gasp!) questions Jesus' will. Meanwhile, Jewish rebel Cassandra dates Hilary's wheelchair-bound brother Roland, and they and newcomer Patrick, son of the local pastor and school principal, become Mary's new, true friends and support her situation. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 54 (1998)321) The famous 1970s New York City nightclub seen and told through the eyes of a young employee. An anthology film retelling the story of the famous Studio 54, a hot disco hangout for the social elite of New York. The movie follows several characters at once, some of whom are in desperate straits and on the verge of crashing. Laurence Mixson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in late 1979, Shane O'Shea (who narrates the story in flashback) is a 19-year-old gas jockey from Jersey City, New Jersey who lives with his widowed, conservative father Harlan and two younger sisters, Grace and Kelly, both of whom were named after Princess Grace by their late mother, who died when Shane was 12. An Irish-American kid tired of his working-class existence, Shane longs for a more exciting life across the river in New York, so he cuts his hair, dresses up, and and talks his two friends into going to Studio 54 one night. However, upon arrival, gay club owner Steve Rubell picks him to go inside (only after he takes off his shirt), and not his friends. Once inside, Shane is exposed to the glamorous, hedonistic playground that is 54, with plenty of drugs, alcohol, disco music, and sex to go around. Shane has such a good time at 54 that he makes plans to go back, much to his father's disapproval, so the next night, Shane borrows his father's car without permission and heads back to 54, where Steve hires him as a busboy. He quickly becomes friends with fellow busboy Greg Randazzo and his coat-check girl wife Anita, who, like Shane, aspire for bigger and better things: Greg wants to become one of the club's bartenders, since they make more money and have more "celebrity" status; and Anita wants to become a famous singer. Shane eventually moves out of his family's house after arguing with his father over his new job and moves in with Greg and Anita in New York, and they become a surrogate family to him. Shane even has sex in the club's infamous balcony with 54 regular Patti, a Southern starlet/model, on his first night as a busboy. Like Greg, Shane also wants to become a bartender, and after working at 54 for only a week, he gets that chance thanks in part to 54 regular Billie Auster, a decadent, sophisticated, cougar-like socialite/businesswoman who has a one-night stand with Shane while high on cocaine and marijuana (she passes out mid-intercourse as a result, but Shane continues to have sex with her anyway), and who Anita hopes can help jump-start her singing career since she knows everybody in the music business. While having sex with Billie in her penthouse bedroom, Shane mentions that he wants to be a bartender since one of the newer ones, Rhett, quit to become a model (presumably Billie had sex with Rhett too since she's upset about his sudden departure), and Billie asks him if he wants her to recommend him to Steve, which she later does offscreen. Shane's promotion angers Greg, since he wanted to become a bartender, and feels that he didn't because he wouldn't let Steve perform oral sex on him in exchange for said promotion (quid pro quo). Shane, now nicknamed "Shane 54" by his fellow bartenders, soon becomes a highly-paid quasi-celebrity at 54 and gets sucked into the club's decadent lifestyle: he mingles with New York's upper crust, he uses drugs, and has sex with random women (which leads to him getting gonorrhea) as he "raises his profile" and advances his "celebrity" status. However, Shane's new stardom doesn't protect him from being insulted when a guest at a Park Avenue dinner party he and Anita attend with Billie calls him a "gorgeous troglodyte" because he doesn't know who Errol Flynn is; nor does it protect Shane from being exploited when he does a Christmas beefcake photo shoot/interview with Interview Magazine and he discovers that the interview portion he did has been left out of the magazine, leaving him feeling sad and used because he wants to be taken seriously and valued for more than just his good looks and sex appeal. Shane's fame also causes problems with his friends and family, especially during the Christmas holidays. Greg, who now moonlights as a drug dealer, accuses Shane of being conceited and also accuses him of trying to have sex with Anita, since he caught Shane making a pass at her once before at their apartment . And Shane's father Harlan, whom Shane hasn't seen or spoken to since he moved out of the house, rejects Shane when he returns home to visit on Christmas Day because a family friend that got into 54 one night told him that she saw Shane doing drugs there. Shane does however experience some brief happiness during the holidays when he strikes up a romance with his dream girl (and fellow Jerseyite) Julie Black, a soap opera starlet determined to break into the movie industry. However, Shane's stardom, his relationship with Julie, and 54's life all come to an end on New Year's Eve. Shane discovers Julie at 54 with Roland Sachs, a casting agent who she plans to sleep with in order to advance her career, and Shane blows her off in disgust (ironically, since he basically did the same thing with Billie and others in order to become a bartender and advance his job/celebrity status). Elderly 54 regular Mona (aka Disco Dottie), a feisty, foul-mouthed, drug-using grandmother, dies of a cocaine overdose during Anita's debut performance. Shane is beside himself with grief, but Steve wants Shane to continue working as if nothing has happened. Shane refuses and gets into a near-physical altercation with Steve, forcing Steve to fire him. At the same time, the FBI raids 54 and arrests Steve for tax evasion, as he's been skimming money from the club's nightly take each night. Steve's bouncers find Shane and physically throw him out of the club, and Shane is then forced to leave 54 the same way he entered at the beginning of the film: shirtless, and now forced to use an old garbage bag to cover himself since he's not allowed back inside the club to get his wallet and other belongings. Julie passes by in a limousine, and after having a brief heart-to-heart with a now disgraced and humbled Shane, they part ways but agree to remain friends. In the film's epilogue, Shane reveals that Steve is eventually convicted and sentenced to eighteen months in prison for tax evasion (he is forced to sell 54 after being released, but the new owners let him stay on as a consultant). During that time, Shane continues to keep in touch with Julie, who moves to Hollywood and gets a small part in a movie. He takes business classes at NYU during the day and works nights managing a restaurant in Greenwich Village. His relationship with his father is improved, as he visits him and his sisters once a week. Shane, Anita and Greg, however, drift apart. Anita and Greg are still married and doing well; Anita finally manages to record and release an album with Casablanca Records to moderate success (some critics refer to Anita's album as "too disco"), and Greg gets a job in construction (after getting six months' probation for dealing drugs). The three of them reunite at the recently reopened 54, where Steve is hosting a one-night welcome-back party for all of his old friends and employees after his release from prison. In the end, 54 closes for good in 1986, and Steve dies of AIDS in 1989 at age 45. Shane notes that although everybody assembled at 54 that night pretended that nothing had changed, they all realized that "the party was over". 
 Hostel: Part II (2007)541) Three American college students studying abroad are lured to a Slovakian hostel, and discover the grim reality behind it. Three female college students take a detour from their partying, enticed by a beautiful European woman who promises seclusion, safety and maybe even romance. What they get is a living hell where they are sold to the highest bidder whose fondest wish is to kill them slowly. Hostel 2 also follows 2 American men who, on the flip side of the coin, are willing to pay to join an exclusive club where a life will end at their hands...any way they like. It's a story of human monsters and the almighty dollar as only Eli Roth could tell it. Paul Nomad of Dreadcentral.com 3 pretty college students are tricked into entering a hostel where the 'hosts' like to torture, rape and murder. Following a geographical tour of Slovakia, three women are lured into a hostel by a seductive young woman who sells them to the twisted masters, who tie them up and bring upon an unthinkable world of pain... Three young college students enter a hostel in Slovakia on the behest of a beautiful Eastern European woman... however, following a festival in the small village in which they are staying, the woman are turned over to a group that allows the highest bidder to kill. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. About a week after the events of Hostel, the film opens with Paxton (Jay Hernandez) in seclusion with his girlfriend Stephanie (Jordan Ladd). The two argue over Paxton refusing to tell the authorities about the Elite Hunting Club in Slovakia since Paxton is aware that the conspiracy and cover up is wider then anyone can imagine. The next morning Stephanie wakes up to discover Paxton's headless body seated at the kitchen table with their cat licking blood from his neck. Meanwhile, in Slovakia, a mysterious package is delivered to Sasha (Milan Kako), the owner of Elite Hunting. From the reaction of Sasha's hound dogs and the size of the box, it is left to the audience to deduce that this package contains Paxton's head. In Italy, American art students Beth (Lauren German), Whitney (Bijou Phillips) and Lorna (Heather Matarazzo) are convinced by Axelle (Vera Jordanova), a nude model they are sketching, to join her on a vacation to a luxurious spa in Slovakia. The four travel by train to a small Slovakian village and check into the local hostel (the same one from the previous film), where the desk clerk (Milda Havlas) (the same clerk from the previous film), uploads their passport photos to an auction website. Several people around the world bid on the young American women, including hotshot American businessman Todd (Richard Burgi), who successfully bids on Whitney and Beth for himself and his passive best friend Stuart (Roger Bart) as their victims for their murder-vacation. Later that night, at the village's "Harvest Festival", Lorna discovers that Beth has inherited a vast fortune from her mother. Stuart approaches Beth and the two share a friendly, if awkward, conversation. An intoxicated Lorna leaves to go on a boat ride with Roman, a charismatic local, who suddenly kidnaps Lorna with the help of two accomplices. A local walks up to Beth and asks her for a dance, she declines. He responds with "I could have helped you." Beth doesn't understand and shortly afterward the hostel's clerk approaches and tells her "He won't bother you anymore." Beth and Whitney leave the party, while Axelle volunteers to stay behind and wait for Lorna. The next morning the three girls head to the local spa to relax. Basking in the relaxing atmosphere of the hot springs, Beth is able to fall somewhat at ease and dozes off. Meanwhile, a naked and gagged Lorna is shackled by her ankles and hanging upside down in a large room, where a woman named Mrs. Bathory (Monika Malacova) enters, undresses, and lies beneath Lorna. She then tortures Lorna by slashing her several times with a long scythe and bathing in her blood. After a few minutes, she grabs a smaller sickle and slits Lorna's throat, finally killing her. Meanwhile, Todd and Stuart arrive in Slovakia where the self-assured Todd continues to try to persuade Stuart to go through with their plan which is apparently an escape to cope with the frustrations of their daily lives and of their nagging wives. Stuart is still reluctant to kill a person as a way of acting out his frustration over living with his own nagging wife, but agrees to accompany Todd to the Elite Hunting site. At the spa, Beth awakens to find herself alone and her belongings stolen. As she looks for her friends, she notices several men approaching and surrounding her. Fearing for her life, she climbs over the spa's walls. While making her escape, she is ambushed by the "Bubblegum Gang", a gang of violent street children (also from the first Hostel film). Before they are able to descend upon her, however, Axelle and Sasha appear and ward them away from her. Axelle escorts a flustered but somewhat relieved Beth to their vehicle. With Axelle and Beth away, Sasha confronts the children. He is angered that they interfered with his "business operations." As punishment, and to warn against future transgressions, Sasha draws a pistol and has one of the children brought forward before him. Sasha summarily kills the boy, and the rest of the gang flees. After being taken to Sasha's mansion, Beth realizes that Sasha and Axelle are responsible for Whitney and Lorna's disappearances after seeing the men who tried to kidnap her at the spa coming up the stairs of Sasha's home. She tries to hide and discovers a hidden room filled with severed heads, including Paxton's, before being captured and taken to the factory. At the factory, a sobbing Whitney is strapped to a chair in one of the cells while an old woman applies makeup to her face and wipes a cut on her forehead with a fluid that stings. Whitney bites the tip off the woman's nose and escapes, only to be recaptured by the guards. Stuart then enters his room where Beth is strapped to a chair with a sack over her head. Stuart looks around the room at the tools with horror. He then takes the sack off Beth's head and explains about Elite Hunting. Stuart tells Beth that the group is a worldwide secret society where wealthy members come to Slovakia (one of a handful of countries) to kill people that the organization abducts. Sociopathic and psychopathic members and first time clients who have money to pay the enormous fees are given the chance to torture and kill people in various fantasy-like ways. All the high-paying members are important people of society in every country in the world (politicians, lawyers, doctors, policemen, directors, actors, businessmen, etc). He then unties her from the chair and lets her think she is escaping. He then punches Beth in the face. The passive Stuart now suddenly becomes angry and ranting and raving at Beth and begins yelling at her as if he feels he's talking to his domineering wife. Meanwhile, Whitney is taken to Todd's cell and strapped to a chair, where he taunts and terrorizes her with a small circular saw. Overwhelmed with excitement, Todd accidentally cuts into her face with a power saw, maiming her, which disturbs him so much that he now realizes the horrors of committing such an atrocity. He tries to leave, claiming he no longer wants to kill her. The guard explains that he must kill her if he wants to leave; when he refuses, the guards set the dogs on him, killing him for violating his contract. The guards then bandage Whitney and show her photograph to other clients in adjoining cells, offering her at a discount. In one room, a middle-aged, Italian-speaking cannibalistic client (Ruggero Deodato) puts in a bid. He is then shown cannibalizing Miroslav (Stanislav Ianevski), the friendly local guy who Whitney met at the Harvest festival. The young man's right foot is gone and on his left several layers of flesh are missing. The 'Italian Cannibal' continues to eat the young man's flesh while listening to the classical music score "Habenera" from the opera Carmen. The guards then move to another client, where the man bids. He is shown torturing a man on a metal rack that electrocutes his victim. The deranged and sadistic Stuart, now torturing Beth and blaming her for his friend's death, accepts the offer and kills Whitney. As he returns to finish with Beth, she seduces him into releasing her from the chair, then fights him off as he lies on her and chains Stuart to the chair. Beth grills Stuart for the code to the cell, then sticks a needle in his ear when he refuses to tell her. Stuart tells Beth the code, but she still needs to be buzzed through the door, which inadvertently summons Sasha and the guards to the room. Holding a pair of scissors over Stuart's crotch, Beth offers to buy her freedom with part of her inheritance. When Sasha explains to her that she must kill somebody to leave, and when Stuart harshly insults her, Beth cuts off his genitals and tosses them to one of the guard dogs; Beth then orders Stuart to be left to bleed to death as he screams in pain. Per the standard contract, Beth is given an Elite Hunting tattoo and is made an honorary member. Beth is then permitted to leave, but she is sternly ordered to keep silent about the organization for the rest of her life. In the closing scene, Axelle is lured from the village festival into the woods by the Bubblegum Gang, where the revenge-seeking Beth surprises and beheads her for leading her friends to their deaths. The film then ends on a shot of Axelle's decapitated body with the Bubblegum Gang happily dancing in the background and playing soccer with Axelle's severed head. 