nm0011930:

 Beowulf: Return to the Shieldlands (2016)Summaries Heroic legend Beowulf gallops through the epic and mythical Shieldlands, to his childhood home of Herot, hoping to set right past wrongs. Beowulf returns to his homeland of Herot in the Shieldlands to pay his respects to deceased king Hrothgar (William Hurt). But past jealousies mean Beowulf gets a frosty welcome, especially from Hrothgar's wife, Rheda (Joanne Whalley), and son, Slean (Ed Speelers). Anon It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Split Second (1992)Summaries In a flooded future London, Detective Harley Stone hunts a serial killer who murdered his partner, and has haunted him ever since. He soon discovers what he is hunting might not be human. The year is 2008. Global warming has melted much of the polar ice caps, resulting in serious flooding around the world - including the city of London, which is now under several feet of water. In the ensuing chaos, a new killer has emerged. One that's unnatural, unrelenting and unstoppable. Maverick veteran policeman Harley Stone (Rutger Hauer) has a link with the killer - it murdered his partner, and he will do whatever it takes to bring down the killer. As a new rookie is assigned to him, Stone must find the killer, rescue his girlfriend, and fight off his own inner demons as he gets closer to his mysterious adversary. But when the killer is a vicious ten foot tall alien creature, even in the future, there aren't guns big enough to stop the creature's deadly reign. HBO Home Video In 2008, London is suffering from the worst flooding in decades. As the water levels rise, the Police are better armed than before, but nothing has prepared them for this. Swift, sharp-clawed, and deadly, something moves amongst them in the streets, in the alleyways, on the rooftops, tearing out human hearts and devouring them. Maverick veteran Policeman Harley Stone (Rutger Hauer) lost his partner to the creature and now this looks like his girlfriend Michelle McLaine (Kim Cattrall) is next on the killer's list. Even in the future, there aren't guns big enough to stop the creature's deadly force, but Harley has no choice. As the action explodes into a deadly struggle to save Michelle, Stone must track the killer to its lair before he also becomes its victim. Will Comrie It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Last Detective (20032007)Summaries "Dangerous" Davies always gets the cases no one else wants, and no one notices when he eventually succeeds. But his old-fashioned decency and dogged determination have won him legions of loyal fans. He's gentle, old-fashioned, and decent; nice even when he's drunk. But these qualities only earn Detective Constable "Dangerous" Davies the scorn of his fellow detectives in a small London police station. His boss tells him straight out that he's the last detective he would assign to a major crime-solving mission. Unlucky in love, rumpled, and accident prone, Dangerous muddles on and, with the help of his eccentric friend Mod, he proves the merits of his dogged, unglamorous method. He likes being a detective and, occasionally, he gets to do some good. Bye It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bad Girls (19992006)Summaries British hard-hitting drama about the staff and inmates of a women's prison. A thoroughly thought-provoking drama series based on the events in a womens prison. Bad Girls captures the highs and lows in the prison, and questions which side of the bar really is the most intense- its a world where the 'screws' versus the 'cons,' a world where anything and everything can happen, a world where the women really are vulnerable at the hands of the screws... Anonymous Hard-hitting, original and controversial, Bad Girls depicts the trials and triumphs of prison inmates and officers in a notorious women's prison. It's a tense and sexually charged atmosphere and it's a hidden world where anything can happen. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 