nm0005349:

 Admission (2013)Summaries A Princeton admissions officer who is up for a major promotion takes a professional risk after she meets a college-bound alternative school kid who just might be the son she gave up years ago in a secret adoption. Straitlaced Princeton University admissions officer Portia Nathan (Tina Fey) is caught off-guard when she makes a recruiting visit to an alternative high school overseen by her former college classmate, the freewheeling John Pressman (Paul Rudd). Pressman has surmised that Jeremiah (Nat Wolff), his gifted yet very unconventional student, might well be the son that Portia secretly gave up for adoption many years ago. Soon, Portia finds herself bending the rules for Jeremiah, putting at risk the life she thought she always wanted -- but in the process finding her way to a surprising and exhilarating life and romance she never dreamed of having. Focus Features Years ago, Portia Nathan (Fey) quietly placed her newborn son up for adoption. These days, she's got a great career recruiting students for Princeton University. Then, one day, Portia receives an unexpected call from her free-spirited college classmate John Pressman (Rudd). John runs an alternative high school that's home to some very gifted student. One such student is Jeremiah (Nat Wolff). John believes that Jeremiah could be the son that Portia gave up for adoption back in her youth. Meanwhile, as Portia puts her career in jeopardy by altering Jeremiah's transcript, an unexpected romance begins to blossom.. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Falling Skies (20112015)431) Survivors of an alien attack on earth gather together to fight for their lives and fight back. The chaotic aftermath of an alien attack has left most of the world completely incapacitated. In the six months since the initial invasion, the few survivors have banded together outside major cities to begin the difficult task of fighting back. Each day is a test of survival as citizen soldiers work to protect the people in their care while also engaging in an insurgency campaign against the occupying alien force. Deeww The series tells the story of the aftermath of a global invasion by several races of extraterrestrials that neutralizes the world's power grid and technology, quickly destroys the combined militaries of all the world's countries, and apparently kills over 90% of the human population within a few days. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Harnessed children, with alien machinery in their backs, work like drones on top of a building. There are a dozen of them and they're scavenging scrap metal. Mechs and skitters stand guard out front. Tom and his group conduct surveillance from a rooftop across the street. There are 6 aliens and five of them. They're talking about coming back later when Karen knocks a brick off the roof and the aliens hear and open fire. They have to retreat. Back at the high school HQ, Tom is immediately swarmed by parents of missing children asking if he saw them. Anne suggests the parents post their pictures on a bulletin board. Porter is back and delivers a briefing in the command post. He reports a scout ran into resistance fighters outside of Chicago who know about groups in Texas, Oklahoma and California. The bad news is alien structures are going up over other cities, like Boston. Porter orders them to collect intel and war material. Weaver tells them he'll be breaking them down into teams of four and six fighters. Tom tells Porter what he knows about the harnessed kids. He tells them the science team removed harnesses from three kids, but they died hours later. He says now the chief surgeon thinks he has a solution, but he needs to test it. Tom knows he means Ben. Weaver doesn't want to bother with rescuing a dozen kids, but Tom tells him it's important to keep hope alive by bringing parents their kids back. He tells Tom to just bring Ben back for now. The civilians have set up school in the gym. Tom finds Matt sitting by himself. He's worried about his brother. He heard the kids die when the harnesses are removed. His dad tells him a doctor figured out how to take them off safely. Uncle Scott brings Pope food in his cell. He objects to the preparation and rants about the technique. Turns out Pope was a chef. Uncle Scott suggests to Weaver that they let him cook. Weaver checks with Maggie, who vouches that Pope can cook. He learned in prison. When Pope comes in, he complains about their cooking equipment but says he'll take the job. Tom checks with Anne about the doctor. She describes him as very smart and competent and sure he's the best for the job. His name's Michael Harris (Steven Weber). Tom knows him. Later, Michael tells Tom about getting separated from Rebecca, Tom's wife. He tells Tom he's sorry. The next day, Tom and usual group watch the harnessed kids, looking for Ben. Mike sees his son Ricky and immediately jumps up yelling and runs for him. Tom tries to cover him and throws a bomb at a mech. Mike gets his son in the truck. Tom wants to go back for Ben but a mech shoots at him and knocks him out. Dai grabs Tom and throws him in the truck. Karen and Hal run but soon find a mech in their path. Cut to Tom waking up with Dai, Mike and Ricky. He doesn't want to go re-arm and wants to get Karen and Hal. He takes Dai's shotgun and walks down a dark hallway. He hears a noise and is soon face to face with a skitter. He runs but it races after him on the ceiling and knocks him down. It gets on top of him, but Tom scoots for his sawed off and blows off one of its legs. That slows it down so he can shoot it in the head. He beats it with his gun until it stops moving. Back at camp, Anthony reports to Weaver that they didn't get Ben. Weaver hears a hubhub and goes to investigate in the hallway. He finds Tom dragging the still kicking alien down the hallway. "I brought you a prisoner of war," he tells Weaver. Weaver is impressed. Tom gets a fresh gun and heads out. Hal wakes up in the rubble to see his zombified brother dragging Karen away. A mech shines a light on him and five hardnessed kids line up to face him. A skitter inspects him then the mech opens fire on the harnessed kids. Dr. Harris prepares to do surgery on Ricky, who also has cystic fibrosis. Weaver stops in and Dr. Harris essentially tells him to get out of his way. He says they have to cut the harness out instead of removing it entirely. He lights a small torch and starts cutting the harness needles. He thinks the harness supplies the kids with a drug and they were dying when they were suddenly cut off. So he's pumped Ricky full of morphine in preparation for slowly lowering the dosage. They have to leave the probes in the kid. Harris explains that the harnesses are partially organic, so over time they fuse into the kid. Tom runs down a dark street and sees Hal stumbling toward him. Hal tells him the skitters took Karen. He doesn't understand why his dad left, but Tom says he was knocked out. Hal tells him the mech killed the kids and let him go. Tom recognizes it as an old Nazi trick, leaving one alive as the messenger. So if they go back, they have to get all the kids. At the high school, Porter is excited to have a live skitter to study. He's going to have Dr. Harris stick around for three weeks. Pope feeds people and Weaver says he'll give him a week tryout, but he still has to get locked up when he's not working. Tom visits Ricky, who is still knocked out after the harness removal. Anne says he's stable and it seems like the procedure worked. Tom finds Dr. Harris drinking Scotch outside the skitter's cell. Harris says there are people who think that those surviving the first wave of the invasion are the best of mankind, but he doesn't think there's anything noble about running away. Tom asks if that's how Harris survived. He blames him for abandoning Rebecca. Harris says he wasn't with her when the second wave attack started, but Tom says he found her with a bag that was too heavy for her to carry alone. Harris says it was a split second decision and "I thought the community needed my medical skills..." Tom decks him. Harris then says it's actually Tom who's responsible for her death because that morning Tom was supposed to go with her looking for provisions. Harris says that because he's now alive, Ben has a chance to live. Tom says the people who survived owe it to those that didn't to become the best of mankind. He visits the wall of missing children and puts up Ben's picture. He finds Hal wrapped around Matt, sound asleep. In its cell, the skitter wakes up. Ricky opens his eyes. 
 Mr. Robot (20152019)651) Elliot, a brilliant but highly unstable young cyber-security engineer and vigilante hacker, becomes a key figure in a complex game of global dominance when he and his shadowy allies try to take down the corrupt corporation he works for. Elliot is a brilliant introverted young programmer who works as a cyber-security engineer by day and vigilante hacker by night. He also happens to be suffering from a strange condition similar to schizophrenia which he futilely tries to keep under control by regularly taking both legal and illegal drugs and visiting his therapist. When a strange feisty young woman named Darlene and a secretive middle-aged man calling himself Mr. Robot, who claims to be the mysterious leader of an underground hacking group known as F-Society, offer Elliot a chance to take his vigilantism to the next level and help them take down E-Corp, the corrupt multi-national financial company that Elliot works for and likes to call Evil Corp, Elliot finds himself at the crossroads. Mr. Robot, who has personal reasons for wanting to take down E-Corp, also reveals that he already has one ally, an even more mysterious, secretive and highly dangerous shadowy hacking group known only as Dark Army. Meanwhile, Elliot's childhood and only friend, Angela, who blames E-Corp for the death of their parents, tries to take down E-Corp legally by joining their ranks and trying to dig up evidence of their corruption from the inside. A wild card in this scheme becomes Tyrell Wellick, an unhinged psychopathic E-Corp yuppie, originally from Scandinavia, who has a very unusual relationship with his dominant and ambitious wife Joanna. After many twists and turns, Mr. Robot's plan is finally put in motion - with catastrophic (un)intended results. But that's just the end of the beginning of the real story. Mr. Robot follows Elliot, a young programmer who works as a cyber-security engineer by day and as a vigilante hacker by night. Elliot finds himself at a crossroads when the mysterious leader of an underground hacker group recruits him to destroy the firm he is paid to protect. Compelled by his personal beliefs, Elliot struggles to resist the chance to take down the multinational CEOs he believes are running (and ruining) the world. Eventually, he realizes that a global conspiracy does exist, but not the one he expected. ahmetkozan Young, anti-social computer programmer Elliot works as a cybersecurity engineer during the day, but at night he is a vigilante hacker. He is recruited by the mysterious leader of an underground group of hackers to join their organization. Elliot's task? Help bring down corporate America, including the company he is paid to protect, which presents him with a moral dilemma. Although he works for a corporation, his personal beliefs make it hard to resist the urge to take down the heads of multinational companies that he believes are running -- and ruining -- the world. Jwelch5742 In the year 2015, an incredibly unstable cyber-security engineer named Elliot is recruited by a shady group of hackers to bring down the most powerful corporation in the history of civilization; meanwhile, a dark project whose purpose could bring about profound implications for society itself nears its completion. chingeeflingee Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Elliot's internal struggles surrounding his upbringing and personal life intertwine with his present external challenges as part of fsociety. Being very introverted, Elliot fails to express emotions and determine for himself what is real and what is not, a question that is also left somewhat ambiguous to the viewer. In particular Elliot struggles to remember important facts about his close relatives. Elliot is ultimately revealed to be partly responsible for the death of neighbour and close friend, Shayla (though accidental). His search for other chemicals to mix with his morphine addiction led Shayla to become reliant on a criminal psychopath. Elliot manages to help imprison the criminal before being forced to help free him on the promise that Shayla would be left unharmed, a promise that was not kept. Meanwhile in Evil Corp, Tyrell Wellick is desperate to be promoted to CTO. The determined young employee also appears to have an unusual relationship with his similarly ambitious wife - with his pending promotion their only real common purpose. Failing to get the promotion, out of desperation Tyrell kills the new CTO's wife showing increasingly psychopathic tendencies. Eventually with the hard work of fsociety (it's hard to know exactly to what extent Elliot is himself wholly fsociety, but the group certainly appears to be ultimately based mainly around Elliot and his sister, Darlene), and with help from other hackers in China, the large scale hack on Evil Corp is carried out successfully and all debt data held by the giant corporation is lost. 
 Lincoln (2012)651) As the American Civil War continues to rage, America's president struggles with continuing carnage on the battlefield as he fights with many inside his own cabinet on the decision to emancipate the slaves. In 1865, as the American Civil War winds inexorably toward conclusion, U.S. president Abraham Lincoln endeavors to achieve passage of the landmark constitutional amendment which will forever ban slavery from the United States. However, his task is a race against time, for peace may come at any time, and if it comes before the amendment is passed, the returning southern states will stop it before it can become law. Lincoln must, by almost any means possible, obtain enough votes from a recalcitrant Congress before peace arrives and it is too late. Yet the president is torn, as an early peace would save thousands of lives. As the nation confronts its conscience over the freedom of its entire population, Lincoln faces his own crisis of conscience -- end slavery or end the war. Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net> It's January, 1865, and US President Abraham Lincoln has just started his second term in office as an immensely popular leader, especially among his supporters, because of his down home attitude. However, the country is in turmoil with the Civil War entering its fourth year and having taken the lives of many a soldier on both sides. Lincoln believes that passage of the Thirteenth Amendment to the Constitution - which would abolish slavery - would most importantly achieve something in which he believes to his core, but also end the war as slavery is a large part of the raison d'etre for it. The Amendment has already passed in the Senate, and is scheduled for vote in the House of Representatives at the end of the month. While he is assured of yes votes from his fellow Republicans, he and his team have to work hard behind the scenes to assure enough yes votes from Democrats, which may require some compromise in other areas. But other factors may also come into play on the vote, such as the Confederate forces in the war issuing their own compromise to end the war but keep slavery. Meanwhile, Lincoln also deals with his oft supportive but oft tumultuous relationship with wife Mary Todd Lincoln, and their latest possible rift in oldest son, Robert Todd Lincoln's want to leave law school to enlist. Huggo With the nation embroiled in still another year with the high death count of Civil War, President Abraham Lincoln brings the full measure of his passion, humanity and political skill to what would become his defining legacy: to end the war and permanently abolish slavery through the 13th Amendment. Having great courage, acumen and moral fortitude, Lincoln pushes forward to compel the nation, and those in government who oppose him, to aim toward a greater good for all mankind. Jwelch5742 In January 1865, President Abraham Lincoln expects the Civil War to end soon, with the defeat of the Confederate States. He is concerned that his 1863 Emancipation Proclamation may be discarded by the courts after the war, and the proposed Thirteenth Amendment will be defeated by the returning slave states. He feels it imperative to pass the amendment beforehand, to remove any possibility that freed slaves might be re-enslaved. The Radical Republicans fear the amendment will be defeated by some who wish to delay its passage; support from Republicans in the border states is not yet assured. The amendment also requires the support of several Democratic congressmen to pass. With dozens of Democrats being lame ducks after losing their re-election campaigns in the fall of 1864, some of Lincoln's advisers believe he should wait for a new Republican-heavy Congress. Lincoln remains adamant about having the amendment in place before the war is concluded and the southern states readmitted. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening scene is a brutal, muddy melee. At close quarters in that wet place, the men on whom the camera closes in are attacking one another with bayonets, swords, fists, or even by holding an enemy's face in the mud to drown him. Many of the combatants are black. A voice-over says that the rebels (Confederates, or rebs) "killed every negro soldier they captured at Poison Springs... so at Jenkins Ferry, we decided we weren't taking no reb prisoners." The camera cuts to show the speaker, a black soldier in an army camp talking to someone who after a few seconds is revealed to be President Abraham Lincoln ( Daniel Day-Lewis ). The soldier (Private Harold Green, Colman Domingo ) and his comrade (Corporal Ira Clark, David Oyelowo ) tell Lincoln their names, ranks, and where they're headed next (Wilmington). They're pleased that they're finally being paid as much as the white soldiers, but Clark complains about the lack of commissioned negro officers and sarcastically predicts that whites might be able to tolerate a negro colonel in 50 years -- and "in 100 years, the vote." A couple of white soldiers who heard Lincoln speak at Gettysburg come up; one repeats the beginning of the Gettysburg address and his friend recites the next lines. They're called away, but Corporal Clark finishes the speech as he walks off. In January 1865, the recently relected Lincoln notes the imminence of the Civil War's end, wondering out loud what will become of the former slaves. He finds insufficiency, even hypocrisy, in his Emancipation Proclamation of 1863, which had freed most slaves as a war measure but had not made slavery illegal. Only a constitutional amendment illegalizing slavery, he realizes, will spell its permanent end in America. Debate rages even within his own cabinet, but as Lincoln sees it, the passage of the constitutional amendment cannot wait until the end of the war, for Southern slaves who had been freed as a war measure might fall into forced servitude once again. In an interview with a white couple from Missouri, it becomes clear that some, at least, of the popular support for the antislavery amendment is based on the belief that passing the amendment will hasten the end of the war. Under the questioning of Secretary of State William Seward ( David Strathairn ), the two admit that should peace break out without the amendment passing, they would no longer support it, fearing the effects the freed slaves would have on their local economy. The proposed Thirteenth Amendment has passed in the Senate but does not have sufficient backing in the House of Representatives. Lincoln takes it upon himself and his staff to find the votes needed by the end of January, which requires the granting of many political favors to members of their rival party. Lincoln and Seward will not stoop to outright cash bribery (not knowingly, anyway), but Seward hires three lobbyists to promote their cause by promising government jobs to Democratic members of the House who failed to win relection -- the lame ducks. The lobbyists are W.N. Bilbo ( James Spader ), Robert Latham ( John Hawkes ), and Richard Schell ( Tim Blake Nelson ). To pass the amendment, Lincoln needs the support of Preston Blair ( Hal Holbrook ) and his son Montgomery ( Byron Jennings ), the influential founders of the Republican Party and leaders of its conservative wing. The Blairs are eager to end the war. As a condition of his support, Preston Blair demands permission to visit the Confederate leadership in Richmond, Virginia, and invite them to send a peace delegation to Washington. This is awkward for Lincoln because he can't afford to end the war until the amendment passes, but he allows Blair to go secretly to Richmond. The bedrock of support for the amendment lies at the other end of the party: the Radicals, lead by the creatively abusive Thaddeus Stevens ( Tommy Lee Jones ) of Pennsylvania. The Radicals are abolitionists, and Stevens goes so far as to support full racial equality, including voting rights for black men -- an idea that angers and frightens most white people outside his own wing of the Republican Party. Lincoln's family life is emotionally fraught. His wife Mary Todd Lincoln ( Sally Field ) suffers constant headaches as the result of a carriage accident that she believes was an assassination attempt against her husband. Mary is deeply interested in the passage of the amendment, but Lincoln and Mary are still grieving the death of their son Willie three years before. The Lincoln household includes their youngest son Tad ( Gulliver McGrath ); Mary's dressmaker and friend Elizabeth Keckley ( Gloria Reuben ), a former slave who accompanies Mary on outings to the theater and the visitors' gallery of the House of Representatives; William Slade ( Stephen McKinley Henderson ), Lincoln's black valet; and eventually Tad's older brother Robert ( Joseph Gordon-Levitt ). Robert has been studying law at Harvard but comes home because his self respect demands that he enlist in the Army. Both his parents oppose the idea, being unable to face the prospect of losing another son. Robert eventually prevails upon his father to let him join up; Lincoln placates Mary by attaching Robert to the staff of General Ulysses Grant ( Jared Harris ), where he's unlikely to come to harm. Debate rages in the House of Representatives over the advisability of the amendment. Some politicians see peace as a necessary precursor to the passing of the amendment, but others see the passing of the amendment as a step on the road to the end of the Civil War. Lincoln's challenge is to play the middle, and he does so very effectively. The vote on the amendment is nearly postponed due to the rumor that a Confederate peace delegation is in Washington, ready to negotiate. James Ashley ( David Costabile ), the amendment's sponsor, is able to deny that a delegation is in Washington or on the way because Lincoln has cannily ordered the Confederate emissaries to be held at Hampton Roads, Virginia. The Thirteenth Amendment passes by two votes after Lincoln himself lobbies a few fence-sitting congressmen. Congressman Stevens borrows the official copy of the amendment and takes it home to show to his biracial housekeeper and common-law wife, Lydia Smith ( S. Epatha Merkerson ). Days after the vote, Lincoln and Seward meet with the Confederate delegation at Hampton Roads. The Confederates make negotiation conditional on Lincoln's written assurance that the Thirteenth Amendment will not be ratified. Lincoln responds that all the northern states will ratify it, and he has assurances that at least three Confederate states will do the same upon readmission to the Union; this makes the end of slavery a certainty. No agreements are made at the Hampton Roads Conference. About two months later, General Robert E. Lee ( Christopher Boyer ) surrenders at Appomattox Court House. Lincoln's double coup has paved the way for the peaceful readmission of the Confederate states to the Union, but he will not live to see it, as he is assassinated days after the surrender. In the closing scene, Lincoln delivers his second inaugural address. 