nm0008118:

 Pod prikrytiem (2020 )Summaries The plot of the story revolves around an extra-departmental secret department under the leadership of Colonel Yegor Sobol, created to fight the elusive criminal group led by the mythical Ghost, which by its actions threatens to undermine the stability of the state system. Experienced tutors help Sable in this complex and confusing business. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Azazel (2002)Summaries Erast Fandorin, a young official of the detective department, undertakes to investigate a mysterious suicide. He meets a friend of the suicide student Akhtyrtsev, but as soon as the first threads to the investigation of the crime fall into his hands, an attempt is made to murder him. Fandorin goes on the trail of the mysterious organization "Azazel". zoroman2008 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Candide (1994)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bastards (2006)Summaries A "Hitlerjugend" kind of story, set in the Soviet Union during the Second World War, based on a fictitious story from the eponymous book by Vladimir Kunin. The Red Army has a gang of juveniles for a clandestine operation against the Nazis. The boys are trained by a dangerous crime lord at a top secret boot camp. They are doomed to die in the mission, or after it, just to keep it a secret. Steve Shelokhonov Based on a true story of teen criminals in the Soviet Union during World War 2. As alternative to prison they are trained in the mountains of Armenia for a mission in Nazi Germany to blow up an important installation. All but one boy dies. Most die during the rigorous training & some die in Germany. It is still unsure what is exactly true or not according to what faction one speaks with, but surely the fact that at the awards ceremony it was a heated moment amongst believers and non believers that the event ever took place. William Scharf The year is 1943. Colonel Vishnevskiy (Andrei Panin) receives an order from the government to train a group of saboteur soldiers who should stop the actions of a German army group called "Edelweiss". The mission is a top-secret one. Vishnevskiy trains young (14-to-15-year-old) boys from juveniles. They all know that after the mission is finished they all will be eliminated since they all know too much to be left alive. Pavel P. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 