nm0007428:

 Gooische vrouwen (20052009)Summaries Follows four friends in 't Gooi, a Dutch region where rich people live. Follows four friends in 't Gooi, a Dutch region where rich people live. One of those four friends, Cheryl, married Dutch singer Martin Morero. She moved from Amsterdam to 't Gooi. Anouk is an artist. She makes mostly erotic art. Willemijn is married to Evert. They have children together. Their marriage is reserved and sexless. She eats because of her frustrations about Evert. Claire is a lawyer and married to Anton. They have a 15 year old daughter: Merel. Anouk, Willemijn and Claire are born in 't Gooi, Cheryl is a newcomer. These four friends have to deal with the problems of well-being and richness. Mark Knoop It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 De brug (1990 )Summaries When in 1938 a bridge is build in a small town, it seems to make an end to good old days. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Medisch Centrum West (19881994)Summaries MCW was set in Lelystad a provincial hospital in the middle of the country. MCW dramatized all sorts of ethical and personal dilemmas. MCW was in its time innovative for dealing with euthanasia, critical cancer treatment and abortion and other contemporary issues. Hans Galesloot It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Westenwind (19992003)Summaries This Dallas-type series is about two competing Dutch families, Noordermeer and De Graaf, running ancestral firms in the Rotterdam shipbuilding business, each with numerous internal tensions, especially between the generations, as some are business-prone, others adverse, some ruthless, some soft or moralistic, but also with their staff, often meeting each-other in both ruthless commercial rivalry and personal relationships, again also with staff and third parties (clients, competitors, suppliers...), producing an intricate web of sub-plots, some sex, some crime etcetera. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 