nm0007289:

 Love, Simon (2018)431) Simon Spier keeps a huge secret from his family, his friends and all of his classmates: he's gay. When that secret is threatened, Simon must face everyone and come to terms with his identity. A young coming-of-age tale about a teenage boy, Simon Spier, goes through a different kind of Romeo and Juliet story. Simon has a love connection with a boy, Blue, by email, but the only problem is that Simon has no idea who he's talking to. Simon must discover who that boy is--who Blue is. Along the way, he tries to find himself as well. Paul Simon Spier, a high school senior, leads and has led what he considers a perfectly normal life. He has a loving family, parents Emily and Jack Spier, and his younger sister Nora Spier. He has a close group of friends, Leah, Nick and Abby, the former two who he's known almost all his life. Leah just transferred to their school, Creekwood High, this year, but they feel like they've known each other a long time. But there is a "but" in Simon's life, the big secret that he's been keeping now for a few years: he's gay and in the closet to everyone. He knows especially his parents would be all right with his homosexual orientation, despite Jack's often politically incorrect jokes, and that most of the students accept Ethan, their one and only openly gay classmate, but Simon has failed to come out for various reasons, mostly having to do with the change that would occur in what he has known as his life. He discovers that he is not alone: another classmate calling himself "Blue" (a pseudonym) is posting online about his own gay struggles in the closet. With that posting having an email address where one can respond, Simon begins an anonymous correspondence with Blue opening up about his own struggles. In the support they end up providing each other, Simon begins to fall for Blue not even knowing who he is. As Simon tries to figure out who Blue is, he starts to see his classmates in a new light. But circumstances lead to Simon manipulating his friends' love lives, all in an effort to maintain his secret. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Simon Spier (Nick Robinson) as he tells us about himself. His parents are former quarterback Jack (Josh Duhamel) and valedictorian Emily (Jennifer Garner). His younger sister Nora (Talitha Bateman) is an aspiring chef. Simon spends time with his three best friends - Leah (Katherine Langford), Nick (Jorge Lindeborg, Jr.), and Abby (Alexandra Shipp). He considers himself fairly normal, other than his one "huge-ass secret": he's gay. Before he heads to school, Simon sees a man he finds attractive working with a leaf blower. He tries to talk to him but ends up being awkward. Simon picks his friends up for school. The only openly gay student at school is Ethan (Clark Moore), who is picked on by the school's resident jackasses Aaron (Tyler Chase) and Spencer (Terayle Hill). Their principal Mr. Worth (Tony Hale) always tries to relate to his students and always swipes students' phones for texting. Simon and Abby are performing in the school's production of "Cabaret", and their teacher, Ms. Albright (Natasha Rothwell) is frequently fed up with her students' lack of actual talent. At home, Simon is watching TV with his family when Jack makes an unfortunate joke about a guy on "The Bachelor" looking "fruity". Later, Simon gets a FaceTime call from Leah, who tells him about the school's blog where an anonymous student going by "Blue" has come out as gay. Simon decides to start e-mailing Blue under the alias of "Jacques" (as in "Jacques a dit", which is French for "Simon says"). Blue responds to Simon, and the two continue sending each other messages and forming a strong connection. Simon is at the school library where he accidentally leaves his e-mails open. They are found by his classmate Martin (Logan Miller), who has a reputation for being extremely weird and annoying. Martin approaches Simon and reveals he took screenshots of his e-mails and is effectively blackmailing Simon to set him up with Abby. Simon is upset but also isn't ready for everyone to know he's gay, so he reluctantly goes along with it. At lunch, Simon's friend Bram (Keiynan Lonsdale) invites everyone to his house for a Halloween party. Simon starts to suspect that Bram could be Blue, based on their interactions and hints dropped in the e-mails. Simon and his friends meet up at his house, where he and Leah are dressed as John Lennon and Yoko Ono, Nick is Cristiano Ronaldo, and Abby is Wonder Woman. He invites Martin, to the chagrin of his friends. On their way to the party, Martin ends up trying WAY too hard to talk to Abby, and she is clearly more interested in Nick. At the party, Nick tells Simon he is thinking of asking Abby out, but Simon comes up with a lie that Abby is seeing an older college guy. Simon is then invited by Bram to play beer pong and gets Martin and Abby to play against them. Simon later goes upstairs to find Bram making out with another girl, to Simon's disappointment. To make things worse, Martin blows chunks on Simon after getting too drunk. Leah walks Simon back home as he wears her cardigan. They go to his room where Leah talks about loving one person for the rest of her life, meaning Simon himself. He doesn't get it and instead just goes to bed, and she sleeps on the floor. Martin urges Simon to move faster with Abby, or else the e-mails get leaked. Simon gets Abby and Martin to go with him to rehearse lines for the play at a Waffle House. Martin tries to engage in conversation with Abby, who is anything but interested. He prods her for information regarding her move to Georgia from DC, which she ultimately admits is attributed to her parents' divorce and her father being a cheating jerk. Meanwhile, Simon becomes attracted to their waiter, Lyle (Joey Pollari), who Simon now believes could be Blue. Martin then tries to get Abby to say her name and say she deserves a "goddamn superhero". Martin goes as far as to get the attention of everyone in the restaurant until Abby says it, which she does so he'll shut up. Simon walks outside as Lyle is sending a message on his phone. They chat briefly until Lyle goes back inside, and Simon gets a message from Blue, who is planning to come out to his father. Simon later takes Abby home and comes out to her. She says she is not surprised, even though she never suspected it, but she still loves Simon. Martin starts hanging around Simon and his friends, but is closest to Abby (whether she likes it or not). This bothers Nick, who still wants to ask Abby out. Simon tells him that Leah has a crush on him and that he should ask her out instead. The students go to their homecoming game. Simon sees Lyle and chats with him, but learns that he's straight and interested in Abby. As Simon walks away, he's approached by Martin, who's the school mascot. He asks Simon if he should make a romantic gesture for Abby, to which an apathetic Simon responds "Go big or go home". Martin uses this as an opportunity to pull a Kanye and interrupt the National Anthem so that he can ask Abby out in front of the entire school. Embarrassed, she gently tells him that she's just not into him like that. Martin walks away, humiliated. Over Christmas break, Simon tries to call Martin to see if he's okay. Leah then calls Simon to tell him to go on the confession blog. Martin, trying to throw attention away from his homecoming debacle, ultimately posts Simon's e-mails, outing him. Nora sees the post and asks Simon, but he coldly turns her away. Simon goes absent from his friends during the break. He comes out to his parents on Christmas, and they appear okay with it, but Jack makes another bad joke, and he and Simon don't speak for a while. To make things worse, Simon speaks to Blue one more time, and Blue chooses not to continue sending messages. Simon spots his friends on the street. He goes to talk to them, but Nick and Abby are mad at him for making up lies to keep them apart. Simon admits what was going on with Martin and he apologizes, but they leave. Leah also admits to Simon that she was in love with him and would have been fine with him being gay, but she is still mad about the lying. Upon returning to school, the other students all gawk at Simon after what happened. He approaches a student from his drama class, Cal (Miles Heizer), who Simon thought may have been Blue, but Cal denies it. During lunch, Simon sits alone when Aaron and Spencer call out him and Ethan and mock them in front of the cafeteria. Ms. Albright steps in and amazingly shuts the two bullies down and sends them to the principal's office. Simon and Ethan are forced to go as well so the boys can apologize to them. Simon talks to Ethan, who says that although he is open and confident about his homosexuality, it isn't at all easy for him, and his mother still pretends for the rest of his family that he is straight. Afterwards, Simon is going home when he is approached by Martin, who is very apologetic, but Simon tells him to fuck off. Simon talks to his mom, who has no problem with him being gay and says he should be free to be himself. He later talks to his dad, who apologizes for all the times he's made dumb jokes, and he lets Simon know how much he loves him. Simon then helps Jack come up with a good slideshow for his and Emily's 20th anniversary. Simon finds Leah walking her dog on the street. He apologizes to her for lying and admits that he has fallen in love with Blue. She forgives him and asks to know more about Blue. Simon then posts a confession to the blog where he accepts himself and also apologizes to those that he hurt. Just about all of his classmates and teachers read it. He adds an invitation for Blue to find him somewhere after the school's play. The students at school now have a greater respect for Simon. The school puts on its production of "Cabaret", which goes mostly well until the T on the sign breaks. After the show, Simon's friends (including Nick and Abby, who forgave him and are now dating) invite him to go with them to the carnival. Simon takes his entire stash of tickets and uses it to ride the ferris wheel in case Blue shows up. All of his friends and classmates stand by to see if he will arrive. After a while, it appears hopeless, but Martin shows up and tries to make it up to Simon. First he pretends he was Blue, but admits that's not true, and he gives the ride operator a few extra bucks to keep it going. Just then, Blue finally arrives, and it turns out to be... BRAM! Simon realizes who he is, and Bram admits that what he saw at the party was a drunk moment that ended quickly. When they reach the top, Simon and Bram kiss, and everyone cheers. Later on, Simon picks up his friends from school, now including Bram, as they have begun dating. As they ride to school, Simon notes that it's a beautiful day and they should go on an adventure. His friends agree. 
 Entourage (2015)431) Movie star Vincent Chase, together with his boys Eric, Turtle, and Johnny, are back - and back in business with super agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold on a risky project that will serve as Vince's directorial debut. This movie picks up where the TV show ended. Vincent Chase is offered a role by his former agent now Studio boss Ari Gold in a movie he is developing. Vincent agrees on the condition that he be allowed to direct the movie also. Nearly a year later, Vince is uncertain if the movie is ready, so he asks Ari for money to finish the movie. But Vincent has asked for money more than once already and Ari's bosses are not happy of how much they're spending. But he goes to their backer to ask for more money and he wants to see what Vince has shot so far but Vince won't let anyone see it yet. But he's planning a screening, and asks the backer to come to L.A. with him but he can't so he sends his son instead. At the screening Vince decides not to show it. But gives out DVDS. The son after watching the movie, says he has issues with Drama, Vince's brother who has a small role in the movie. Vince is unwilling to drop him. When they appease the son, he then says he has issues with Vince. So as they try to fix the situation, Ari's catching heat both professionally and personally. And Vincent's friend, E who is expecting a baby with his ex Sloane, is trying to decide if he wants to get back with her. rcs0411@yahoo.com Vincent Chase, who separated from his wife after nine days of marriage, wants to do something new in his career. He calls his former agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold, who offers Vince a leading role in his first studio production. Vince says he will only star in it if he directs. Eight months later, Hyde, the directorial debut by Vince, is in the middle of post-production and is over budget by $15 million. Needing more money, Vince asks Ari if they can get an additional $10 million to complete the movie. Reluctant, but wanting to please him, Ari flies to Texas to meet the co-financiers of the movie, Larsen McCredle and his son Travis, to get them to give the money. Hesitant, Larsen sends Travis with Ari back to Los Angeles to see a cut of the film at Vince's private screening. Vince has second thoughts on the rough cut and cancels the screening out of fear no one will enjoy it. He later gives Ari and Travis a copy of the movie for their viewing. Ari and Travis enjoy the movie but Travis requests that Ari cut the scenes with Vince's brother, Johnny "Drama" Chase, out of the movie or he will not give the film the extra money. With Ari giving him no answer, Travis puts the post-production on hold. Vince and Eric "E" Murphy visit Travis to come up with a solution, but this results in Travis saying he did not like Vince's performance either and wants the entire movie to be redone with a new lead and director. In addition, studio CEO John Ellis removes Ari from the production.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Johnny "Drama" Chase (Kevin Dillon), Eric "E" Murphy (Kevin Connolly), and Sal "Turtle" Assante (Jerry Ferrara) riding a motorboat to a yacht party for their buddy Vincent Chase (Adrian Grenier). Vince has just been separated from his wife after nine days of marriage and is already dating Nina Agdal. The guys talk about a new project for Vince. He calls up his former agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold (Jeremy Piven). Ari offers Vince the project, but Vince says that he wants to direct the film too. Ari is left silent. After an opening credits sequence (not unlike that of the TV series), we see a segment from Piers Morgan eight months later, detailing Vince's directorial debut, "Hyde", which is a new take on "Jekyll and Hyde". Vince has cast Drama in a pivotal supporting role. The segment also adds that E is still managing Vince while Turtle is still his driver. Ari is obviously nervous about having allowed Vince, a big Hollywood actor, to go ahead and take on such a big project for his first-time directing gig. Drama, meanwhile, is confident that he will nab himself an Oscar nomination. The film's production goes over-budget by $15 million. The guys head to the studio to meet with Ari so Vince can ask him for more in addition to the $100 million Ari already gave Vince. Ari doesn't want to do it because he'll have to involve financiers from Texas, but Vince is certain that he needs it to fully complete his vision. As the guys leave the studio, Turtle catches a glimpse of Ronda Rousey. He gets excited and follows her, hoping she will remember him from the one time they met. She stops her car in the middle of the street and grabs a wrench to hit Turtle's car until she recognizes him and Vince, noting that Turtle used to be fat. E meets up at the OB/GYN with his ex-girlfriend Sloan (Emmanuelle Chriqui), who is close to giving birth. He meets T.I. in the waiting room, who is pissed that he's about to have another baby. E is also currently seeing a new girl named Melanie (Sabina Gadecki), though he hasn't told Sloan about her. She finds out when she sees a text from her that says she wants E's cock. Ari is in Texas to meet with the financiers. He chats on FaceTime with his former assistant Lloyd (Rex Lee). Lloyd is getting married and wants Ari to give him away because he has a sour relationship with his dad. Ari groans and hangs up as he pulls up to the home of the financiers, Larsen McCredle (Billy Bob Thornton) and his doofus son Travis (Haley Joel Osment). The two are hesitant in giving Ari more money, but Ari is confident in Vince's work and persuades Larsen to give up the money. He sends Travis back with Ari to ensure things go well. After the movie's rough cut is complete, Vince hosts a screening party, with celebrity guests like Gary Busey, Clay Matthews, Andrew Dice Clay, and Bob Saget, who asks Vince to have sex with his daughter's friends so he won't have to. Drama chats with Jon Favreau for a part in another "Iron Man" movie, which Favreau declines. Ronda also shows up to hang out with Turtle. They walk in on E, hopped up on molly water, having sex with a girl he just met named Paula (Christine Donlon). Ari is upset that he's the only one that didn't get an invite, so he heads to the party himself to view the film anyway. Travis tags along and gets excited when he sees Vince with Emily Ratajkowski, as he has a huge crush on her. He introduces himself to her and comes off like a fool. A nervous Vince backs out and tells everyone that the projector broke, so he saves face by introducing the guests to Pharrell and gets him to perform. He gives Ari a DVD of the film for his own personal viewing. Ari watches the film at home. We see a bumping party in a tunnel where Vince, as the main character, plays the DJ. The cops show up to bust the party, until Vince throws everyone at the party a container of some sort. One person hurls a Molotov cocktail at the cops. Vince takes the serum and morphs into the film's Hyde persona. It then cuts to the next day where Ari has left Vince and the guys with a sweet new ride to show that he absolutely loved the movie, and he even gets E a mini-scooter as a gag. Ari drives to the studio to find Travis parked his car in Ari's spot. Ari leaves his car in front of Ed O'Neill's car, to the actor's dismay. Ari confronts Travis, who tells him that while he liked the movie, he did not like Drama's performance, and he demands that Vince cut Drama from the film. Turtle continues his pursuit of Ronda, but Drama thinks she is only talking to him to expand her brand. He meets with her and starts talking business, only to discover that Ronda actually is interested in him and cooked a meal for them, but she is upset at his behavior and orders him to leave. E joins Sloan at a Lamaze class and admits he still has some interest in her. She invites him to join her for sex until he admits he had sex with two women in the same day. Sloan leaves and E gets a call from Melanie, who says she is pregnant. She tells him to meet her at a restaurant. He walks there until Turtle and Drama spot him and take him there. Paula finds him and sits with him, suggesting she may have given him an STD. Melanie arrives and sits to argue with Paula, until it turns out they know each other and orchestrated the whole thing to see if E was a typical L.A. douchebag. Knowing that Melanie isn't pregnant and that Paula doesn't have a disease, E leaves in high spirits. Ari joins his wife (Perrey Reeves) at an anger management session with Dr. Marcus (Nora Dunn). The couple sees Kelsey Grammer leaving, swearing profusely. Ari has tried to keep his anger under control, but all the pressure from the movie is getting to him. He takes a phone call in the middle of the session to learn that Travis has locked himself in the studio and has kept everyone else out. Ari furiously punches a framed picture of a cat and continues with the meeting. Vince goes to the studio to try and get Travis to come out. He is approached by Mark Wahlberg and his own entourage as Ari shows up to tell Vince that Travis wants to cut Drama out of the picture. Mark says it's messed up and he wouldn't cut any of his family out of his stuff. Vince realizes he has to break the news to Drama himself. Drama is engaging in an affair with a woman he hooked up with at the screening party. They're about to get kinky on their phone cameras until the girl's boyfriend comes in and threatens Drama. Ari's assistant (Scott Mescudi) finds Ari during a meeting and tells him that the studio CEO John Ellis (Alan Dale) wants Ari to see him in his office. He retorts that Ellis should see him in his own office, forcing Ari to head to his office through the studio. He passes David Spade, who is upset that they're releasing "Hyde" on a date where one of his movies is coming out, along with Jessica Alba, who wants Ari to greenlight her passion project and also expresses her disgust at the director of her current project that is taking pictures of her ass. Ari gets to his office before Ellis does and plays hardball regarding the movie. However, Ellis still takes him off the project and replaces him. Vince finds his friends and tells them about their problem. Without saying a word, Drama realizes that HE is the problem. This sends him into a depression. He's drinking in the car on the way to a meeting with Travis. Vince and E speak with Travis, who admits he hated Vince in the movie. This throws everybody for a loop. Ari realizes something is up. He goes to meet with Travis, and realizes it's something personal, but he doesn't know what. Over lunch later, Vince confesses to the guys he's dating Emily Ratajkowski, and the guys realize that's why Travis is pissed. Drama goes to another audition, only for the casting directors to not pay attention to him because they see a viral video of Drama masturbating furiously, which the girl's boyfriend uploaded in retaliation. Drama is unable to escape the mockery wherever he goes. The guys join Turtle as he goes to the gym to apologize to Ronda for how he acted. She challenges him to a cage match to prove he really wants to go out with her. Turtle asks if 30 seconds will get him a date with her, to which Ronda says she'll have sex with him if he lasts a full minute. Ronda knocks Turtle on his ass and snaps his arm, right as the clock ticks 30 seconds. Ari flies to meet with Larsen, Ellis, Travis, and his old friend Dana Gordon (Constance Zimmer). He confronts the McCredles and says that the only reason Travis is slamming the movie is because he hates Vince, and it's because he's jealous of the time he spends with Emily. Apparently, Travis stayed outside her house one night to see if Vince would show up. Larsen is disappointed in his son and orders Travis to stay outside for the meeting. Ari gives Larsen a DVD of the movie, with Dana adding that she thinks it's amazing. Larsen says he trusts the studio because they do good work, but he won't give them anymore money unless Ari is fired. He says it's because he treated Travis poorly. He tells Ari that even if his son is a buffoon, he still wishes people would at least pretend to respect him. This seems to resonate with Ari, who realizes he screwed up. Sloan's waters break, and the guys go to the hospital for the birth of E's child. E tells Sloan that he still loves her. She gives birth to a healthy baby girl that they name Ryan Murphy (yes, after THAT Ryan Murphy). Drama forgets about his woes once he learns that E's daughter was born. He joins the gang at the hospital to celebrate. While there, Vince gets a phone call from Piers Morgan asking for a comment about the recent resignation of Ari as studio head. Ari arrives at the hospital room at the same time. On their way out of the hospital, Ari explains his resignation as a way to save dignity, as they were going to fire him anyways. He explains that he turned down a hefty severance package in exchange for a share of the profits from Vince's movie. He believes in the movie, and is proud of Vince and his entourage. We move to months later at the Golden Globe Awards, where we learn from Maria Menounos and Matt Lauer that "Hyde" is a worldwide box office success, and it's garnered 4 nominations, including Best Picture and two acting nominations for Vince and Drama. Ari is interviewed and says he is up for another job at another studio, so he's doing just fine. As the show starts, Vince, E, Drama, Turtle, and Ari all head in together. Before the end credits start, Mark is announcing the winner for Best Supporting Actor. To his surprise, the winner is Drama. Drama is stunned, and he goes to accept the award. He is silent for a moment before yelling, "VICTORY!!!" His pals and every other guest cheer for him. In a mid-credits sequence, Ari gives Rex away at his wedding, with all the guys in attendance. During the reception, they get together for a picture. During this time, Turtle pitches the idea of a movie detailing how Vince and his crew came from nothing and made something out of themselves. Ari says it's the dumbest idea ever. Turtle retorts that maybe it could be made into a TV series. 
 Project X (2012)541) 3 high school seniors throw a birthday party to make a name for themselves. As the night progresses, things spiral out of control as word of the party spreads. It's Thomas Kub's 17th birthday and all he wants to do is throw a small party with some friends to help raise his social status and maybe even get lucky. But when his best friend Costa starts calling radio stations and putting ads up on Craigslist, you can be sure that this party is going to get really out of hand really fast. High school senior, Thomas Kub, wants to have a small get together while his parents leave town. His two friends convince him to not worry and invite a couple more people than intended. Once people start showing up the party begins to spiral out of control, leading to a uncontrollable situation. Three seemingly anonymous high school seniors attempt to finally make a name for themselves. Their idea is innocent enough - let's throw a party that no one will forget, and have a camera there, to document history in the making. But nothing could prepare them for this party. Word spreads quickly as dreams are ruined, records are blemished and legends are born. Warner Bros. publicity Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Costa (Oliver Cooper) being filmed by Dax (Dax Flame) going into his friend Thomas's (Thomas Mann) house. He is talking to Dax about "getting his dick wet" when Thomas's mother shows up in the kitchen asking what he is talking about. Costa quickly deflects then go upstairs after hearing Thomas is in the shower. Costa rubs soap on Thomas's toothbrush and pulls the curtain back. Thomas is shocked and pulls it back. He later brushes his teeth, and tastes the soap calling Costa an asshole. Costa talks about Thomas's birthday that night, saying they have to make it epic so they can get girls. Costa promises to take care of everything and "Make us look pimp." Thomas is hesitant to make everything too big. Thomas's parents are going away for the weekend for their anniversary. His father lays down ground rules; he can have some people over but only a handful, no one goes into his office, he doesn't mess with the swimming pool, and his Mercedes Benz is off limits. Dax spies on Thomas's parents talking. His mom is worried about leaving, but his dad saying they don't need to worry about Thomas because their kid is a "loser." Thomas blows out his birthday candles and his Mom gives him the keys to the minivan as a gift. Costa mocks it, but Thomas says at least he has a car unlike him. They drive up to school. On the way, Thomas is starting to freak about the party, and Costa tells Thomas not to bitch out. They need the party to be big so they can have popularity for once. We see why they are so worried about being popular. Thomas, Costa, their pal J.B. (Jonathan Daniel Brown), and Dax are social pariahs, invisible to the popular kids. They just want to be noticed, especially Costa. "If you fuck this up for us, I swear to God I'll stab you," Costa says. Thomas relents but says only 50 people max. Just enough to be cool. In class, Costa ignores Thomas's demands. He sends out a mass text about the party to everyone in the class. The news of the party spreads like wildfire. Costa and Dax see Thomas heading to talk with his gal pal Kirby (Kirby Bliss Blanton) on the bleachers. Thomas mentions the party and Kirby says she might attend. Kirby mentions that she got him a present for his birthday then heads down the stairs. Despite his warning for her not to trip, she does and falls to the ground, saying she's okay. Costa goads Thomas into asking Alexis, the hottest girl in school to the party. Thomas seems to charm her. Thomas, J.B., Costa, and Dax head to the supermarket to buy supplies for the party and Costa shoplifts some condoms and small bottles of liquor. At the checkout they see Miles (Miles Teller) who is apparently a young sports phenom. They mention the party only to find out that is where he is attending. Miles promises to bring a bunch of liquor and girls with him. The group heads out to buy drugs. Costa says that he does not have sex with a girl with big titties tonight he will drown himself. JB just wants a blow job or to finger a chick, showing the guys numerous ways to do it. Thomas, Costa, and J.B. head to the house where Costa's drug dealer T-Rick (Rick Shapiro) lives. He invites them inside and they buy some pot. In there though, Costa hands Dax a garden gnome to steal, thinking the party needs a mascot. As they go to leave with their weed. T-Rick runs out and demands his gnome back, breaking the windshield a bit with his fist. T-Rick grabs onto the hood but Thomas shakes him off. The group peel out in the minivan, and for a moment think they are safe when T-Rick bashes them from the side of the car down the street. The group heads off, Costa calling him "a terminator." Costa promises Thomas he can fix the windshield as he has a cousin who owns a body shop. The group gets home to find out Costa hired two 12-year-olds Everett (Brady Hender) and Tyler (Nick Nervies) to work security for their party. Thomas is shocked by it, but Costa says they are bad asses. Costa and J.B. go around the neighborhood, telling everyone that a party will occur and that they will try their best to keep it down. Thomas comes out and finds out Costa bought a bouncy castle for the party and got a few other inflatables. He also got a few signs for the pool that say "Naked Women Only." Thomas tells Costa he wants to keep people outside. No one should be in the house. Meanwhile, J.B. tries to work out on a treadmill before the party. Costa up the speed and makes him fall off it hard. 9:00 p.m. The party starts and it's just Dax, Thomas, J.B., Costa, and Kirby there. Nobody has showed up and Thomas feels foolish. Costa tells him to calm down. J.B. comes down with a suit on. Kirby says he is totally getting laid tonight. They hear a bunch of car doors shut and look outside. People are showing up. A bunch of people, including Alexis. The party starts to get hopping a montage ensues of people drinking, dancing and having fun. Somebody finds Thomas's dog Milo and ties him to a bunch of balloons, getting him high in the air. Thomas sees this and with Kirby's help, pulls him back down. They enter the house and put Milo in his dad's office. By this point, the "security" Everett and Tyler have been unable to keep people out of the house. Thomas tries to get people out but they just cheer him when he tries to say something. He lets it go, assuming nobody will mess up the house much. A few minutes later, Miles arrives with a bus full of hot women. JB is stunned speechless. Roger, one of the parents Costa spoke to, arrives and tells them unless they shut the party down, he will call the cops. Everett uses a taser on him and Roger punches him. Roger says he will definitely call the police now, but Costa says he will call them on Roger for hitting Everett. When Roger says Dax filmed him getting tasered, Dax shrugs and says he only got the bit where he hit Everett. Roger storms off pissed. Costa talks to Everett, and asks him to stake out Roger's house to make sure he doesn't call the police, telling he is the man for taking that punch. Back in the backyard, Costa jumps into the pool in his underwear and causes Thomas to fall in as well. A girl tries to get in and Costa points out the naked women only sign. To his utter surprise, she complies taking off her top. Every girl who gets in goes topless. Thomas and Costa are shocked by the sea of flesh around them. J.B. tries to talk to a chick while she shotguns a beer. J.B. tries to do the same but it just explodes all over him. Thomas, J.B., and Costa are upstairs in the master bedroom. J.B. is looking for condoms since he is working on a girl. "The only thing you are working on is diabetes you fat fuck," Costa says. J.B. finds a dildo and jokes that Thomas's dad is a freak. Thomas gets a text from Alexis saying she wants to do birthday body shots with him. Costa replies he will right down. Thomas finds Alexis and she wipes some lime and salt on his neck then makes him put the lime wedge between his teeth. She licks his neck, does the shot of tequila, then grabs the lime with a kiss, giving Thomas a chance to make out with her. Just when it is his turn to do the same, Costa tells him his parents are calling him. Thomas races to the study to take the call. He runs into his Dad's office and takes it on speaker. His dad berates him for missing calls on his cell, but Thomas lies and says he was in the hot tub. His Dad warns him again not to get too crazy and Thomas says he is actually going to bed in a minute. His dad hangs up and Thomas sighs relief, looking out to the mass party outside. Costa is radioed by Everett that Roger is arguing with his wife about calling the cops. Everett actually broke into the house. Costa is shocked that the kid is taking his job a little too seriously. Kirby is playing beer pong when an older guy shows up, claiming he just wants to party. He plays with Kirby and does a shot or two. Thomas is dancing when Kirby finds him and pulls him away upstairs to his bedroom. She gives him her present; a photo of them when they were younger before Costa moved into town. Thomas suddenly kisses her and says he made it awkward. Kirby says it is okay. They proceed to make out on his bed. Everett returns and knows the cops are coming. He ushers everyone to the back and tells them to stay quiet. The cops arrive and Thomas and Costa downplay the party. The cops want to look around but Costa uses the law to his advantage saying they cannot search the premises without just cause. The cops back down, tell them to keep it quiet and that they don't want them to come back there. They see the cops pull off. Roger gives them the finger and Costa gives it to him right back. They return to the backyard where everyone has stayed crouched and silent until the cops left. "TO THE BREAK OF DAWN!!!" Costa screams. Everyone cheers and the party resumes. By this point the party is really out of hand. A skateboarder doing tricks goes too far and crashes through a window. Costa promises he can fix that too. Miles takes T-Rick's gnome and destroys it with a basetball bat. It explodes, revealing it was hiding Ecstasy tables. The party goers proceed to take them. Thomas goes into the bathroom and tries to make a tape for his parents explaining what has happened. He just wanted to be cool for one night, he just wanted girls to notice him, want him. Costa tries to comfort him but lets it slip he put the party on Craigslist and contacted other sources to make the party big. He just wanted Thomas to have a good night. J.B. and Costa try to keep Thomas from being depressed. J.B. puts on "Bump and Grind" by R. Kelly saying it is his favorite song. Costa gives him a tablet of Ecstasy and Thomas takes it. Costa goes back outside and makes everyone sing Happy Birthday for Thomas. A dwarf is in the kitchen causing trouble. A few guys throw him in the oven. Thomas is talking to Kirby who is in the pool. Thomas notes she is not naked since she has her shirt still on (though to be fair it is a white see through). Kirby tells him she is having a good time and Thomas says it has been one hell of a party so far. Costa hears about the dwarf in the oven and races to the kitchen to free him. Costa apologizes but the dwarf is beyond enraged and proceeds to punch Costa, J.B. and several other guys in the nuts. Thomas finds them and ribs them for it. The three sit lay down to decompress for a minute. Costa says the night has been awesome and apologizes to J.B. for all the times he called him names. Thomas admits he hooked up with Kirby. Costa says that it is cool but Kirby is practically one of them and she has always been there. Tonight is about the girls they normally wouldn't have had a shot with. The night has to be a "game changer." Another party/dance montage ensues. J.B. actually hooks up with a hot girl, and Thomas and Costa are nearby cheering him on. Thomas is pulled aside by Alexis and they go up to his room. Everett is the bathroom filming. Alexis strips to her bra and panties and they proceed to make out. Alexis takes off her bra and they are proceeding to sex when the door opens. Kirby comes in and is shocked that Thomas would be with another girl after what happened earlier. Thomas tries to explain himself but Kirby runs off. Alexis kind of realizes what happened and quickly dresses, disgusted that he would do that. Thomas races after Kirby and tries to apologize but she is having none of it and leaves. So does Alexis, mad at what Thomas did. Thomas, high, drunk, and somewhat sad by the turn of events stands on the roof and watches the madness below him. Costa and J.B. come up and join him. They hear a news chopper who surveys the party. Thomas looks up at the chopper and gives it the middle finger. The crowd sees the three and cheers Thomas's name. "Is this big enough to be cool?" Thomas asks Costa. Costa smiles. " A game changer," he says. Thomas jumps off the roof into the bouncy castle that deflates some to the cheers of the crowd. JB also jumps off with the camera getting cheers too. He winds up breaking a finger though so they make a makeshift cast for him. Everett meanwhile is in a parked car, scared out of his mind on how the party has gotten out of control. "God help us," he says. Thomas and Costa see a news report about the party and hear a car start. The car is Thomas's dad's Mercedes that drives into the pool to his absolute horror. It turns out that the driver is the dwarf. When Costa asks why he would do such a thing, the dwarf just says "so what" and "screw the Mercedes". He punches another guy in the nuts for no reason and then leaves the party. Costa looks at the car in the pool in shock. "I can't fix this. I can't fix ANY OF THIS!!!! Thomas I'm so sorry." Thomas says nothing, wondering how this could get worse. Suddenly, the police with riot squads and SWAT show up trying to stop the party though they conclude they can only let it burn out before they can move in. The kids continue to party, defiant. Costa even gets revenge against a popular jock who treated them disrespectfully earlier by shaving his head and writing all over his face. This is where things get really bad. Thomas sees fireballs out front. A man with a flamethrower is torching his house and the neighborhood. Costa realizes it is T-Rick looking for his gnome. Thomas says they will give it back but Costa says it was full of Ecstasy tablets and the kids ate them all. Thomas tries to reason with T-Rick but nearly gets burned by him. T-Rick burns more things including cars (including Thomas's minivan), and a tree in the yard of Roger's. Roger says Thomas owes him a new tree but Everett and Tyler tackle him and beat him up instead. Meanwhile, police have no choice but use live ammo, piercing his gas tank. It explodes, catching T-Rick on fire. He runs into a nearby trailer at another house, where that too explodes. The fire department has sent water helicopters to put out the blaze that is now consuming the entire street, and police are using flash bangs, tasers and mace to disperse the crowd. Thomas, Costa, J.B., Thomas's dog Milo, and Dax run as well. Everett and Tyler are with them and plan revenge on Roger for calling the cops. Costa tells them to shut up and go home. Costa doesn't pay them seeing as the house was destroyed, calling them "the worse security ever." Costa mentions that they are so screwed with the damage they caused. Costa heads home, taking J.B. with him saying he will call a lawyer to see if he can stay out of jail. He does note that no matter what happens, they had "One hell of a night." Dax heads off as well, as Thomas sits in the school bleachers with his dog trying to figure out he can get out of the mess he is in. The next day, Thomas is in the backyard with his father, apologizing profusely for what happened. His dad angrily berates him for the damage caused by the mess, saying it will wipe out his college fund and probally land him in jail to be tried as an adult. His dad says he never knew he had it in him. Thomas says "sorry" again. His dad, dropping his anger for a moment says: "No, I meant I didn't know you had this in you (to throw a party and be a crazy, normal kid)". His dad gives him a brief proud smile and asks how many people showed up. Thomas says: "1,000 to 1,500 people". His dad's anger returns and he notes, "You're still fucked." as they watch the Mercedes be crane lifted out of the pool. Thomas goes to school on Monday in his charred minivan that is missing doors. He tells Costa that he is being charged with six offenses, he is under house arrest while they live in a hotel until the house is fixed, and he shouldn't even be talking to them. Costa notes that he got a lawyer, and "even his Jew ass thinks we're screwed." Thomas asks about Dax's parents but Dax notes he lives alone. "You are really starting to scare me Dax," Costa says. Thomas, J.B., and Costa walk down the halls where everyone cheers them on for the crazy party. It gets to the point where a mass crowd cheer erupts for Thomas. The three smile, getting the popularity they craved. Thomas sees Kirby in the back of the crowd. She scoffs and leaves. Thomas chases her down and apologizes for what he did. Kirby said he really hurt her. Thomas says he was sorry, saying he didn't know how to deal with it. He notes that he destroyed his house, bankrupted his parents, and put his future in question but the only thing he wants to fix is his relationship with her. Thomas says he wants to have his 18th birthday, but only with her. Kirby sees he is genuinely remorseful and forgives him. They kiss and Thomas asks if they are cool. "I never thought you were cool," Kirby jokes. We see clips of the party via Jimmy Kimmel making fun of it and it is revealed that T-Rick survived his burns and was taken to the hospital. We are shown the kids fates: Thomas was tried and found guilty on three charges of the six charges that included disturbing the peace and inciting a riot, though he was also named in his yearbook as "Most likely to succeed." He served five months in prison and was released. Costa's expensive Jewish lawyer was good enough that he was found not guilty on all of the charges, but he is now facing three claims of paternity by three pregnant girls from school. J.B.'s parents convinced the court that he was a special needs child and was not fit for trial. Unfortunately, he had to ride the short bus for the rest of high school. Dax is currently being investigated for the disappearance of his parents and he still lives alone (in one of the few times he is shown on film, he looks like a Columbine reject who just killed his parents). The film ends with Costa being interviewed on TV. Costa takes offense that the party was considered as one of the greatest high school parties ever. Costa says it was THE greatest high school party ever and says the attractive newscaster can make it up to him by attending his next party. "Wear something tight fitting," Costa says. 
 22 Jump Street (2014)431) After making their way through high school (twice), big changes are in store for officers Schmidt and Jenko when they go deep undercover at a local college. After making their way through high school (twice), big changes are in store for officers Schmidt (Jonah Hill) and Jenko (Channing Tatum) when they go deep undercover at a local college. But when Jenko meets a kindred spirit on the football team, and Schmidt infiltrates the bohemian art major scene, they begin to question their partnership. Now they don't have to just crack the case - they have to figure out if they can have a mature relationship. If these two overgrown adolescents can grow from freshmen into real men, college might be the best thing that ever happened to them. Sony Pictures Entertainment After one of Schmidt and Jenko's missions goes wrong, they are sent back to Jump Street to do the exact same thing, go undercover and find out who is selling drugs. But this time they are sent to college to investigate the drug known as 'WhyPhy' and have only one lead on who it is, someone with a tattoo. Schmidt and Jenko's relationship is tested when Jenko is brought back on the cool side while Schmidt hangs out with a girl named Maya. At the same time they must decide if they can keep their relationship together as friends, or as cops. James Hake Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Following their success in the 21 Jump Street program, Schmidt (Jonah Hill) and Jenko (Channing Tatum) are back on the streets chasing narcotics. However, after failing in the pursuit of a group of drug dealers led by Ghost (Peter Stormare), Deputy Chief Hardy (Nick Offerman) puts the duo back on the program to work for Captain Dickson (Ice Cube) - now located across the street at 22 Jump Street. Their assignment is to go undercover as college students and locate the supplier of a drug known as "WHYPHY" (WiFi) that killed a student photographed buying it on campus. At college, Jenko quickly makes friends with a pair of jocks named Zook (Wyatt Russell) and Rooster (Jimmy Tatro), the latter being a prime suspect of the investigation. Jenko starts attending parties with the jocks who do not take as kindly to Schmidt. Meanwhile, Schmidt gets the attention of an art student, Maya (Amber Stevens), by feigning an interest in slam poetry. The two sleep together, to the disapproval of Maya's roommate Mercedes (Jillian Bell), and it is revealed that Maya is the daughter of the vehemently disapproving Captain Dickson. Despite sleeping together, Maya tells Schmidt not to take it seriously, and he starts to feel left out as Jenko bonds more and more with Zook who encourages him to join the football team. Schmidt and Jenko visit Mr. Walters (Rob Riggle) and Eric (Dave Franco) in jail for advice on how to look for the WHYPHY supplier. Walters notices a unique tattoo on the arm of the dealer in the photograph and insists that if they find the tattoo, they will have found their man. Whilst hanging out with Zook and Rooster, Jenko notices that Rooster does not have the tattoo but sees it on Zook's arm. Schmidt and Jenko are invited to join the fraternity led by the jocks but Schmidt refuses, furthering the tension between the two. At a counselling session, they realise that perhaps Zook was buying the drugs rather than selling them, and soon after find Ghost and his men on campus. A chase ensues and Ghost again evades the pair. Jenko reveals to Schmidt that he's been offered a football scholarship with Zook and is unsure whether or not he wants to continue to be a police officer. Schmidt decides for him by telling officers on the scene that Jenko had nothing to do with the melee caused by the chase. Immediately afterwards, Schmidt moves out of the dorm and Maya finds out who he really is. Spring Break arrives and Schmidt prepares to go after Ghost alone. Jenko asks to help so that the two can have one final mission together, and the pair head to the beach where Ghost is likely to be dealing WHYPHY. Inside a bar, they find Mercedes, revealed to be Ghost's daughter, giving instructions to other dealers. The pair, backed up by Dickson, ambush the meeting and give chase as they flee. Mercedes is able to handcuff Dickson and take him hostage, pursued by Schmidt. Meanwhile, Jenko goes after Ghost. After a fist fight with Mercedes, Schmidt is held at gunpoint by her but Maya sneaks up and knocks her out. Schmidt goes to help Jenko who is now on the roof of the college in pursuit of Ghost, who shoots Jenko in the shoulder. Ghost attempts to escape in a helicopter and Jenko jumps across to it but struggles to hold on with his injured arm. Schmidt makes the same jump and the two fall into the sea, but not before Jenko is able to throw a grenade into the helicopter, killing Ghost. Back on land, Jenko tells Schmidt that he still wants to be a police officer as he believes their differences help their partnership, and the two reconcile in front of a cheering crowd. Dickson approaches them claiming to have a new mission undercover at a med school. During the credits, a series of mock sequels and vignettes are shown depicting the two going undercover in various places. 