nm0002985:

 Crashbox (19992000)Summaries Educational games show for kids. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Happy Feet (2006)651) Into the world of the Emperor Penguins, who find their soul mates through song, a penguin is born who cannot sing. But he can tap dance something fierce! This is the story of a little penguin named Mumble who has a terrible singing voice and later discovers he has no Heartsong. However, Mumble has an astute talent for something that none of the penguins had ever seen before: tap dancing. Though Mumble's mom, Norma Jean, thinks this little habit is cute, his dad, Memphis, says it "just ain't penguin." Besides, they both know that, without a Heartsong, Mumble may never find true love. As fate would have it, his one friend, Gloria, happens to be the best singer around. Mumble and Gloria have a connection from the moment they hatch, but she struggles with his strange "hippity- hoppity" ways. Mumble is just too different--especially for Noah the Elder, the stern leader of Emperor Land, who ultimately casts him out of the community. Away from home for the first time, Mumble meets a posse of decidedly un-Emperor-like penguins--the Adelie Amigos. Led by Ramon, the Adelies instantly embrace Mumble's cool dance moves and invite him to party with them. In Adelie Land, Mumble seeks the counsel of Lovelace the Guru, a crazy-feathered Rockhopper penguin who will answer any of life's questions for the price of a pebble. Together with Lovelace and the Amigos, Mumble sets out across vast landscapes and, after some epic encounters, proves that by being true to yourself, you can make all the difference in the world. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Mumble, a young emperor penguin, is different. He can not sing like the other penguins; however, he has a knack for tap dancing. Even though Mumble's eccentricity raises a few eyebrows, his mother accepts his uniqueness, and his father can only hope for the best. After all, this species of aristocratic penguins is famous for its beautiful voices and not for its dancing skills. As Mumble tries to fit in and woo beautiful Gloria, a female penguin with a lovely singing voice, he embarks on a long quest of self-discovery in the frozen landscapes of Antarctica to find his true calling and a purpose in life. Nick Riganas In the cold land of Antarctica, the Emperor Penguins each express their true love with a special heartsong of their own that expresses their very being. However, the misfit Mumble cannot sing, but instead has an extraordinary talent to tap dance with almost magical energy and expression. Nevertheless, the deeply conformist leadership of the colony fearfully blames the young penguin's unorthodox ways for the lean fishing that threatens them all. Defiant in the face of unjust rejection, Mumble and his true friends set out to find the true cause of the famine. Through the motley crew's trials and perils, Mumble learns many things about his frozen world, not the least of which being that his toe tapping talent may be what he needs to save his people. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Set deep inside the icy land of Antarctica, two emperor penguins have a baby named Mumble. Hatched upon his feet, he has an amazing skill for tap-dancing. However, penguins are not supposed to tap dance. Even worse, he cannot sing. All emperor penguins are supposed to have a heart song, and he has a try at it - with awful results. Torn apart from his mom, dad, and best friend, Gloria, as a teenager who still has his adolescent feathers, his ventures off into the icy landscape. He is rescued from a leopard seal from a group of Adelie penguins, whom which the leader is Ramon. They take Mumble to their home and discover that all of their fish is being taken from an unknown 'alien' source. They ask Lovelace, an unwise and cocky leader of the Adelies, to help them. Unfortunately, he proves no help. Leading on an incredible adventure, they try to discover the threat of their food source and survival. Using courage and bravery, Mumble begins to teach everyone begins to learn that uniqueness isn't a burden, but is a gift to be treasured. Collin B. (moviemanic122893) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When Mumble is born into a colony of Emperor penguins, he finds himself unable to be accepted by all other penguins, lacking the ability to sing a heartsong - a mating song which all penguins can perform from an early age. He does however have a talent for tap dance which is derided by his peers and scorned by the penguin elders as displeasing to their deity. Mumble's gift of dance is blamed for the possible cause of their food shortage, which is in reality caused by nearby trawlers depleting local fish stocks. After being virtually outcast by his colony he goes in search of the humans in an attempt to reason and communicate with them. 
 Mad Men (20072015)44) A drama about one of New York's most prestigious ad agencies at the beginning of the 1960s, focusing on one of the firm's most mysterious but extremely talented ad executives, Donald Draper. The professional and personal lives of those who work in advertising on Madison Avenue - self-coined "mad men" - in the 1960s are presented. The stories focus on those at one of the avenue's smaller firms, Sterling Cooper, and its various incarnations over the decade. At the heart of these stories is Donald Draper, the creative genius of the company. That professional creative brilliance belies the fact of a troubled childhood, one that he would rather forget and not let anyone know about except for a select few, but one that shaped who he is as an adult and as an ad man in the need not only to sell products but sell himself to the outside world. His outward confidence also masks many insecurities as evidenced through his many vices, such as excessive smoking, drinking and womanizing - the latter despite being a family man - and how he deals with the aftermath of some of the negative aspects of his life. Huggo In 1960s New York, alpha male Don Draper struggles to stay on top of the heap in the high-pressure world of Madison Avenue advertising firms. Aside from being one of the top ad men in the business, Don is also a family man, the father of young children. Jwelch5742 The lives of the men and women who work in an advertising agency in New York in the 1960s. The agency is enjoying success, but the advertising game becomes more competitive as the industry develops. The agency must adapt to ensure its survival. Don Draper is a talented ad executive at the top of his game, but the secrets from his past and his present threaten to topple his work and family life. Kad It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 How to Get Away with Murder (20142020)651) A group of ambitious law students and their brilliant criminal defense professor become involved in a twisted murder plot that promises to change the course of their lives. A sexy, suspense-driven legal thriller about a group of ambitious law students and their brilliant, mysterious criminal defense professor. They become entangled in a murder plot that will shake the entire university and change the course of their lives. Annalise Keating. For her students, she's a great teacher. And every year, she selects four of them to work with her as lawyers. But this year, when everyone arrives at school in the first day, Lila Stangard, a young girl, is already missing. They dont know it, but the life of everyone close to Annalise's office is going to fall into a dark and unending series of murders... Flix Lhte A group of 5 sexy young law students are hired by a ruthless defense lawyer after becoming her favorite students in the class. But working for Annelise Keating isn't as easy as they thought it would be. A young sorority girl is found murdered and everyone's a suspect and everybody is hiding something. Benjamin Johnston The brilliant, charismatic and seductive Professor Annalise Keating gets entangled with four law students from her class, How to Get Away with Murder. Little do they know that they will have to apply what they learned to real life, in this masterful, sexy, suspense-driven legal thriller. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The first eight episodes alternate between small flashes of events happening on December 12th,2014 (the night of Sam Keatings' murder) and the main part of that episode. This main part of these episodes takes place some weeks before December the 12th (a countdown is shown in each episode). At the start of the semester, Professor Annelise Keating tells the students she will teach them "How to Get Away with Murder". Based on the proposed defenses in the first case offered, Keating selects five students who will help her in her real life law practice. These five are Connor Walsh, Michaela Pratt, Asher Millstone, Laurel Castillo and Wes Gibbins. The body of a fellow student named Lila Stangard, who was missing for several weeks, is found in a water tank. Prime suspects are her boyfriend Griffin O'Reilly and Rebecca Sutter. The latter lives in the same building and on the same floor as Wes Gibbins. Over the course of the weeks Rebecca and Wes fall in love. Rebecca is a suspect because she was caught having sex with Lila's boyfriend. To the audience, she is even more suspect because she has got Lila's phone, which she hides in Wes' bathroom. Lila's phone contains a sexting picture sent by Sam Keating to Lila. In the picture he is identified by the wallpaper in the Keating bedroom. Wes convinces Professor Keating to defend Rebecca in the murder case. During the investigation, it is revealed that Lila Stangard was having an affair with Professor Keatings husband Sam Keating, that she was pregnant and that Sam Keating tried to conjole her into having an abortion. On the night of the murder: Sam and Annelise had a vicous fight about their respective affairs. Police officer Nate Lahey sends Rebecca into the Keating house to download the data of Sams smartphone from his laptop. At the same time, Michaela wants to return a stolen trophy. Wes discovers Rebecca's plans annd follows her to the Keating house along with Connor and Laurel. Sam discovers the intruders and thinks Rebecca wants to steal data. He chases her upstairs and a fight ensumes. During the fight Michaela pushes Sam over the bannister and he falls and appears to be dead. A few minutes later, while the team discusses what to do next. Sam suddenly leaps up and starts strangling Rebecca. Wes grabs the trophy and hits Sam, who is now really dead. All five students run out into the woods but decide to return to the house and dispose of Sams body. The body is rolled into a carpet and shoved into Connors car. As they leave the house they are nearly caught by a campus guard, but saved by a campus party. The body is brought into the woods and burned; the remains are put into plastic bags and thrown into a dumpster. Somewhere Michaela loses her engagement ring. Annelise is complicit in the murder. She discovered the body when she came home and is the mastermind of the plan to get rid of the body. In order to get herself an alibi she drives to her lovers house and has sex with him. The team creates an alibi for themselves by joining the campus party and taking selfies. In court, Annelise proves that Sam was the father of Lila Stangards baby and shows him driving to the murder location on the night of the murder, where he was for nineteen minutes. Based on this evidence the charges against Rebecca are dropped. In episode eleven Hannah Keating (Sams sister) shows up. She is convinced that Anelise either killed Sam or is complicit in the murder. Annelises' apparent lack of grief when the body of Sam is found at the end of the 11th episode is all the more proof for her. The team of studens is trying to cope with the events. Mutual distrust and emotional breakdowns start to occur. In the 12th episode, Hannah testifies in court about an alleged death threat which Annelise would have made three years earlier. Based on this testimony the Keating house is searched and sprayed with luminol. Due to a vigorous scrubbing by Annelise no blood traces are found. Sams wedding ring is found in the woods behind campus. On it is a fingerprint, which matches Nate Lahey's. He is arrested. In the 13th episode, the mother of Annelise Keating visits. In Annelise's absence, Bonnie Winterbottom narrowly wins a rape case with the help of her students. It is revealed that Annelise was abused by a family member, whom was killed by her mother by setting fire on the family residence. Wes and Laurel visit the mental hospital where Rudy (the former occupant of Wes' room) is held. When shown a picture of Rebecca, he says "Wet". The episode ends with Rebecca checking for Wes' location by means of tracing his cell phone. On the last (double) episode we learn that Lila was killed by Frank Delfino, an emloyee in Annelises form, on request of Sam. Rebecca had become wet because she hid in the water tank with Lila's body. Rebecca threatens to betray the group to the police and is found dead in the cliffhanger moments of the episode. Her killer is yet unknown. 