nm0011309:

 The Studio Club (2014)Summaries Studio execs and aspiring actresses clash during Hollywood's golden era of the 1950's. Hollywood,1959. Maggie Milberry, a small town girl from the mid-west arrives at The Studio Club, a hotel residence for aspiring young actresses. It's a time when the motion picture industry is flourishing but for beautiful young actresses everything comes at a price. For an ambitious young woman to successfully tread the rough waters of Hollywood she must be willing to sell her soul to movie mogul William T. Bradbury. For honorable girls like Maggie the price just may be too high and one that only the devil would be willing to pay. Bradbury, however, is an unscrupulous power broker and willing to send anyone around him to the gates of hell to achieve his goals and to this purpose, the studio club girls are ripe for the picking. The Studio Club is nothing like it seems. By day, it's a sorority club for glamorous and sexy young women. By night, the seedier side of Hollywood is exposed as gangsters, pimps, movie producers and the law all drift together when several of the Studio Club girls are found murdered. At the same time, Maggie's dreams of becoming a movie star quickly implode and turn into a nightmare. But rest assured that this is not your typical "who done it", but a captivating and compelling series with a variety of surprise endings. Staff It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Forrest Gump (1994)651) The presidencies of Kennedy and Johnson, the Vietnam War, the Watergate scandal and other historical events unfold from the perspective of an Alabama man with an IQ of 75, whose only desire is to be reunited with his childhood sweetheart. Forrest Gump is a simple man with a low I.Q. but good intentions. He is running through childhood with his best and only friend Jenny. His 'mama' teaches him the ways of life and leaves him to choose his destiny. Forrest joins the army for service in Vietnam, finding new friends called Dan and Bubba, he wins medals, creates a famous shrimp fishing fleet, inspires people to jog, starts a ping-pong craze, creates the smiley, writes bumper stickers and songs, donates to people and meets the president several times. However, this is all irrelevant to Forrest who can only think of his childhood sweetheart Jenny Curran, who has messed up her life. Although in the end all he wants to prove is that anyone can love anyone. aliw135 The movie Forrest Gump follows the life events of a man who shares the name as the title of the film. Gump faces many tribulations throughout his life, but he never lets any of them interfere with his happiness. From wearing braces on his legs, to having a below average IQ and even being shot, Gump continues to believe that good things will happen and goes after his dreams. While several less than ideal things occur during Gump's life, he manages to turn each setback into something good for him, such as when he finally gets his braces off he discovers that he is capable of running faster than most other people. This skill allows Gump to not only escape his bullies while he is a child in Greenbow, but also to gain a football scholarship, save many soldiers' lives and become famous for his ability. While Gump eventually achieves the majority of the things he hoped to throughout the movie, it proved a much more difficult task to win the heart of his life-long friend Jenny Curran. The movie is centered on Forrest Gump and the incidences that occur during his life, but during each period in his lifetime he thinks back of Jenny and how important she is to him. Although the two characters grew up together and shared a very close friendship, as the movie progresses they grow apart. This upsets Gump who cares immensely for the girl who had a rough start in life, and it seems the two always end up back in each other's lives, often in extraordinary ways like meeting in the Reflection Pond in D.C. Even though Gump is the main character of the film, it similarly tells the story of Curran and the hardships she faces. Kathryn Logue Slow-witted Forrest Gump has never thought of himself as disadvantaged, and thanks to his supportive mother, he leads anything but a restricted life. Whether dominating on the gridiron as a college football star, fighting in Vietnam or captaining a shrimp boat, Forrest inspires people with his childlike optimism. But one person Forrest cares about most may be the most difficult to save -- his childhood love, the sweet but troubled Jenny. Jwelch5742 Forrest Gump, an innocent and kind-hearted Alabama boy, has been dealing with other people's unkindness nearly all his life. Having grown up with beautiful Jenny, his only friend, Forrest yearns to learn all about the ways of the world and embarks on a mission to find his true purpose in life. Thrust into downright extraordinary situations, Forrest finds himself present at some of the most pivotal events in the second half of the 20th century, rubbing shoulders with influential and historical figures, including John F. Kennedy , Richard Nixon , a nice young man from England named John Lennon , and even a handsome but still unknown Elvis Presley . Throughout his existence, Forrest has been encountering life's randomness; however, in this earth, no one is insignificant. With his presence alone, one builds his own place in this world, unknowingly changing the flow of things, while fate floats like a feather in the wind. But, in this life-altering journey, is Forrest meant to find his destiny, and be with Jenny? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with a feather falling to the feet of Forrest Gump who is sitting at a bus stop in Savannah, Georgia. Forrest picks up the feather and puts it in the book Curious George, then tells the story of his life to a woman seated next to him. The listeners at the bus stop change regularly throughout his narration, each showing a different attitude ranging from disbelief and indifference to rapt veneration. On his first day of school, he meets a girl named Jenny, whose life is followed in parallel to Forrest's at times. Having discarded his leg braces, his ability to run at lightning speed gets him into college on a football scholarship. After his college graduation, he enlists in the army and is sent to Vietnam, where he makes fast friends with a black man named Bubba, who convinces Forrest to go into the shrimping business with him when the war is over. Later while on patrol, Forrest's platoon is attacked. Though Forrest rescues many of the men, Bubba is killed in action. Forrest is awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for his heroism. While Forrest is in recovery for a bullet shot to his "butt-tox", he discovers his uncanny ability for ping-pong, eventually gaining popularity and rising to celebrity status, later playing ping-pong competitively against Chinese teams. At an anti-war rally in Washington, D.C. Forrest reunites with Jenny, who has been living a hippie counterculture lifestyle. Returning home, Forrest endorses a company that makes ping-pong paddles, earning himself $25,000, which he uses to buy a shrimping boat, fulfilling his promise to Bubba. His commanding officer from Vietnam, Lieutenant Dan, joins him. Though initially Forrest has little success, after finding his boat the only surviving boat in the area after Hurricane Carmen, he begins to pull in huge amounts of shrimp and uses it to buy an entire fleet of shrimp boats. Lt. Dan invests the money in Apple Computer and Forrest is financially secure for the rest of his life. He returns home to see his mother's last days. One day, Jenny returns to visit Forrest and he proposes marriage to her. She declines, though feels obliged to prove her love to him by sleeping with him. She leaves early the next morning. On a whim, Forrest elects to go for a run. Seemingly capriciously, he decides to keep running across the country several times, over some three and a half years, becoming famous. In present-day, Forrest reveals that he is waiting at the bus stop because he received a letter from Jenny who, having seen him run on television, asks him to visit her. Once he is reunited with Jenny, Forrest discovers she has a young son, of whom Forrest is the father. Jenny tells Forrest she is suffering from a virus (probably HIV, though this is never definitively stated). Together the three move back to Greenbow, Alabama. Jenny and Forrest finally marry. The wedding is attended by Lt. Dan, who now has prosthetic legs and a fiancee. Jenny dies soon afterward. The film ends with father and son waiting for the school bus on little Forrest's first day of school. Opening the book his son is taking to school, the white feather from the beginning of the movie is seen to fall from within the pages. As the bus pulls away, the white feather is caught on a breeze and drifts skyward. 
 The Final Journey (2010)Summaries The Final Journey follows the rail lines of the Nazi Controled Deutsche Reichsbahn system that delivered millions of people from every corner of Europe to the door-step of the infamous Concentration Camps. By integrating a special collection of rare photographs and crystal clear archival film, the viewer is taken on a then and now journey to each of the former Nazi camps of Dachau, Sachsenhausen, Buchenwld, Flossenbuerg, Mauthausen, Ravensbrueck, Neuengamme, Stutthof and Bergen-Belsen where millions suffered and died. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 6 Underground (2019)321) Six individuals from all around the globe, each the very best at what they do, have been chosen not only for their skill, but for a unique desire to delete their pasts to change the future. What's the best part of being dead? It's the freedom. The freedom to fight the evil which lurks in our world. 6 Underground's group of unnamed individuals have chosen to change the future. The team's brought together by enigmatic leader code-named 'One', whose sole mission is to ensure that, he and his fellow teammates will have their actions remembered. Peter Tilbrook Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Four years after witnessing the horrors of a brutal regime in the Central Asian nation of Turgistan, an unnamed American billionaire and philanthropist, who made his fortunes from inventing neodymium magnets, fakes his own death to form an anonymous vigilante squad to take down criminals and terrorists that governments will not touch. Now known as "One", he recruits five other people to abandon their pasts and join his cause as "ghosts": Two, a spy; Three, a hitman; Four, a parkour runner and thief; Five, a doctor; and Six, a driver. On their first mission in the Italian city of Florence, the team kills the lawyer of Turgistan's four generals before they drive across the city in a green Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio while chased by the Mafia and the police. Six is killed just as they manage to get away. Days later, One recruits Blaine, a former Delta Force sniper suffering from survivor's guilt over his inability to save his team due to orders in Afghanistan, and renames him "Seven". One plans a mission to stage a coup d'tat to topple the government of Turgistan dictator Rovach Alimov and install his imprisoned brother Murat as the country's new leader during the Day of the Dead. It is revealed that Two had reluctantly captured Murat and handed him back to Rovach before becoming a Ghost. The team assassinates Rovach's generals in Las Vegas and successfully extracts Murat from Hong Kong, but Four is nearly killed until Seven intervenes despite protests from One. Following an argument between One and Seven about One's willingness to leave people behind, the Ghosts break their code of anonymity and reveal each other's names. In Turgistan, One sets his plan in motion by hacking the state-run television station during Rovach's address to give Murat a voice to the people. Murat's impromptu speech inspires the citizens to revolt while strategic explosions in the city force Rovach to evacuate to his private yacht and Murat occupies the palace. The Ghosts storm through the yacht and One activates a magnetic pulse to incapacitate the guards. When the yacht is immobilized in the middle of the ocean, One decides to save Four from a henchman instead of capturing Rovach. Rovach flees by helicopter, only to discover it to be commandeered by Murat and the Ghosts, who drop him near the border to feed him to the refugees that fled his regime. In the aftermath of the revolution, Murat becomes Turgistan's new president and the ghosts part ways until they are once again needed. Two and Three begin a relationship, as well as Four and Five, and One travels to New York City and sees his son, whom he will pass his fortunes to should he die in the next mission. 