nm0001143:

 The Doors (1991)431) The story of the famous and influential 1960s rock band The Doors and its lead singer and composer, Jim Morrison , from his days as a UCLA film student in Los Angeles, to his untimely death in Paris, France at age 27 in 1971. Oliver Stone's homage to 1960s rock group The Doors also doubles as a biography of the group's late singer, the "Electric Poet" Jim Morrison. The movie follows Morrison from his days as a film student in Los Angeles to his death in Paris, France at age 27 in 1971. The movie features a tour-de-force performance by Val Kilmer, who not only looks like Jim Morrison's long-lost twin brother, but also sounds so much like him that he did much of his own singing. It has been written that even the surviving Doors had trouble distinguishing Kilmer's vocals from Morrison's originals. Denise P. Meyer <dpm1@cornell.edu> Meeting each other in UCLA Film School in 1965, Ray Manzarek suggests to Jim Morrison that they form a rock band. With Robby Krieger and John Densmore , that band would become The Doors . Although the foundation of the group was based on consensus, Robby and John in particular increasingly see frontman Jim's on-stage performances self-indulgent - albeit undeniably charismatic - to his controversial lyrics. His on-stage antics are fueled in large part by excessive alcohol and drug use. Outsiders begin seeing Jim as The Doors, while he begins seeing himself as "The Lizard King". It is that charisma that gets them a deal with Elektra Records, and resulting fame. Despite his popularity with the record buying public, Jim continually has run-ins with those in authority for his anti-establishment behavior. With him and the band through it all is Jim's longtime girlfriend, Pamela Courson. Theirs is a rocky relationship, primarily over Jim's open infidelity - including with reporter Patricia Kennealy - and drug-induced erratic behavior. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. December 8, 1970. In a dark recording studio, Jim Morrison (Val Kilmer), lead singer for the rock band, The Doors, drinks whiskey while recording spoken-word versions of his poetry. The engineer (a cameo appearance by Doors drummer, John Densmore) plays a pre-recorded music track and Jim begins to recite his work "An American Prayer". Jim is also celebrating his 27th birthday. In a flashback to the 1950s, a young Jim and his family are seen driving across a desert in New Mexico. They pass the scene of a car accident involving two families; one family are American Indians. An elderly Indian man (Floyd 'Red Crow' Westerman) lies dying on the side of the road; he seems to stare directly at Jim while his mother tells him the scene is just a bad dream. Jim watches until his family has driven out of sight. The film then jumps to 1965. Jim is seen hitchhiking to California and is picked up by a motorist. In Los Angeles, Jim attends UCLA Film School. His student film, a black and white, artistic and surreal collection of haunting images and spoken poetry, is heavily criticized by both his classmates and his professor (a cameo by director Oliver Stone). His classmate and future bandmate, Ray Manzarek (Kyle MacLachlan), tells Jim that his movie is commendable, despite the criticism. When the professor asks Jim to defend the film, Jim says simply "I quit." Jim takes up residence in Venice Beach and meets Pamela Courson (Meg Ryan), his future wife. Jim shares his love of philosophy and poetry with her and the two spend a romantic evening on a rooftop having sex. Jim later meets Manzarek on the beach, interrupting him while he meditates. Jim sings Ray some poetry he has written that he believes can be recorded as a song ("Moonlight Drive"). Ray is astounded and the two set out to form a band, the name being inspired by Aldous Huxley's memoirs, "The Doors of Perception". They recruit John Densmore (Kevin Dillon) as their drummer and Robby Krieger (Frank Whaley) on guitar. Their first rehearsals are held in Ray's apartment, where they perform "Break on Through". Robby plays a song he had been working on which becomes "Light My Fire". The band soon finds themselves on LA's famous Sunset Strip, performing as an opening act in one of the Strip's many clubs. At first Jim is unable to face the crowd while trying to build his confidence. The band is approached by a talent agent who wants to sign them. The same man later tries to talk to Jim alone, thinking he could be signed without his bandmates. Jim is none too caring over this. One year later in 1966, the band bonds further while on a trip to Death Valley to attempt peyote. Everyone experiences different hallucinatory visions while the film's soundtrack plays the strains of "The End". The scene changes to another performance by the band where Jim is singing the Oedipal interlude of the song, which offends the club owner who throws them out. Outside, they are approached again by a talent agent. With him is the band's future producer, Paul Rothschild (Michael Wincott). They are given a chance to record an album in six days. The band agrees. Rothschild is impressed with the band's professionalism and energy, believing the album will be a hit. Having achieved some measure of success, the band is asked to appear on the Ed Sullivan Show where they will perform "Light My Fire" Before the performance, Sullivan's producer (Sam Whipple), asks the band to alter the song slightly, changing "Girl we couldn't get much higher", a potential reference to doing drugs. Jim is none too willing to comply but agrees. However, during the performance, Jim does not comply (clearly defiant to sing the song as it is), drawing the anger of the producer, who angrily says the band will never perform on the show again. In 1967 in New York City, at a party thrown by Andy Warhol at The Factory, Jim meets Nico (Kristina Fulton), a sometimes singer with The Velvet Underground, and Warhol himself (Crispin Glover). Warhol gives Jim a telephone that he claims can be used to speak with God. Later, at their hotel, Jim cavorts in the elevator with Nico, while Pamela staggers around in a drug-induced depression. The band is interviewed by the press - one of the reporters is Patricia Kennealy (Kathleen Quinlan). Jim speaks cryptically about his parents (saying they died in an automobile accident years before) and about life in excess and using drugs. Jim later has sex with Kennealy in her loft but is mostly unable to perform. She entices him with cocaine and consumption of his own blood which drives him into an animalistic frenzy. Jim later is unable to perform sexually with Courson. Jim asks Pamela if she will die for him and dangles himself out the window. Pamela becomes nearly hysterical and manages to get Jim back in the room where he is able to finish having sex with her. December 9, 1967. Backstage at a concert in New Haven, Connecticut, Jim has a feverish encounter with Kennealy, who reveals that she knows Jim's parents are still alive and that she talked to his father on the phone, a Navy admiral who currently lives in Florida. Jim tries to convince her that they are at least figuratively dead, but she still tells him never to lie to her again. A policeman (Titus Welliver) appears, asking who they are. Kennealy tries to explain who Jim is, however the cop becomes hostile when Jim resists arrest, shoving the cop, and the cop sprays the singer in the eyes with mace. The rest of the band comes to his aid, Manzarek tells Kennealy to leave Jim alone, believing she got him in trouble. During their performance that night, Jim suddenly stops singing and recounts the incident to the crowd while mocking the police. The police captain walks on stage and arrests Jim, stating that his language as broken state obscenity laws. Jim is arrested on-stage by the cops whom provided security for him, and are now roughing him up as the crowd goes wild with rage. A near-riot is averted when other policemen arrive on the scene to disburse the crowd. Jim is seen posing for the famous mug shot. Jim and Pamela throw a Thanksgiving 1968 dinner party for their friends back in California. Pamela is upset with Jim for not staying sober for the gathering like he had promised; Jim had earlier dropped a tab of LSD. Jim convinces Pamela to take a tab herself and she spends the rest of the day in a largely depressed state. One of the guests is Patricia Kennealy, a name that Pamela recognizes immediately. She confronts both Jim and Patricia about their sexual relationship and becomes furious with Jim, throwing food at him in front of their guests. Jim stomps on the burnt duck Pamela had been roasting and demands she kill him with a kitchen knife. Their friends are able to pull them away from each other. Jim and Pamela have a furious fight when Jim finds her with another man while they shoot heroin. Jim locks Pamela in a closet and sets the door on fire. Pamela is able to escape the closet and house. In a Celtic hand-fasting ceremony, (the high priestess is played by the real Kennealy) Jim marries Patricia after a short trip to Las Vegas. Jim is also seen partying heavily and getting into a car accident when he runs into a police car. Jim is later in the studio trying to record "Touch Me" for the Soft Parade album; his performance at the microphone is substandard. Their producer, Paul Rothschild, tells Jim that his life of excess is affecting his performance and that Janis Joplin suffered the same fate and died of alcoholism. On a small television in the studio, Jim sees a commercial for a car that features a pop version of "Light My Fire". The band tells him that they decided to sell the song to the auto company during a time when Jim was in minimal contact with them. Jim becomes enraged and hurls the television across the room, nearly hitting Ray, and then cheerfully apologizing. Later, while Pamela performs oral sex on Jim as he sings the title track for the album, everyone in the control booth leaves quietly, unimpressed with Jim's continuing lackluster performance. March 1, 1969. Backstage in Miami where the band is due to perform, the band awaits the arrival of their frontman. Densmore looks out on the crowd and hears a reporter recording a story about what he believes is the end of the band itself, criticizing the Soft Parade album. The band is told that Rothschild is bringing Jim to the venue. When he arrives, his bandmates are angry with him for being late and plainly intoxicated. Jim gives Robby a tab of LSD and they go onstage. Not long into the show, Jim sees a vision of a bonfire and a young American Indian girl and the elderly man he had seen dying on the road years before. Jim stops singing and tells the crowd that they're slaves and begging them to undress in public. The band stops playing, clearly annoyed and angry with Jim's attitude. Already agitated at Jim's tardiness, the audience begins to shout back at him. Jim shouts mostly nonsensical gibberish and tells them he will expose himself. When he unzips his pants, the police present at the venue, attempt to arrest him but he evades them and runs into the crowd, singing "Dead Cat, Dead Rats" and launching into "Break on Through". The crowd wildly follows him. The incident is a low point for the band, resulting in the Doors cancellation of their future concerts, resentment from the other band members and Jim's trial the following year for indecent exposure. At his August 1970 trial, Jim is found not guilty of lurid behavior, but convicted of indecent exposure and using profanity and is sentenced to eight months in prison. However, Jim is allowed to remain free on bail while the verdict is being appealed. Jim meets with Patricia, who tells him she's pregnant and that he's the father. She's unsure of whether she wants to keep the child or have it aborted. Jim suggests she find someone else to be a father to the child, citing his own irresponsible nature and the stress the trial is causing him. When Patricia angrily reminds him of their pagan wedding, Jim claims he was too stoned to remember. At an intervention of sorts, Jim is confronted by his bandmates and friends who share various bits of news with him: several women are claiming Jim got them pregnant, their recording company is thinking of dropping the band, the Woodstock Festival is being planned and the promoters want The Doors on the bill. Jim takes all this in with television news reports of the Vietnam War and the antiwar protests at home and tells everyone he thinks he's having a nervous breakdown. When the last of his appeals for his 1970 indecent exposure conviction is denied, Jim and Pamela decide to flee to Paris, France where Jim can relax and focus his creative writing energy. After The Doors make a comeback with their early 1971 album, "L.A. Woman", Jim decides to quit the band and focus on his poetry. At a birthday party for Ray's young daughter, Jim talks with the rest of the band who play "Riders on the Storm" for him. Jim comments that it "sounds pretty good for four guys who were barely talking to each other" the day they recorded it. Jim gives everyone a small printed version of his work "An American Prayer" and the band say their goodbyes, despite having hardly spoken. Densmore even tells Jim him he will actually miss him. Robby tells Jim he "got to make music with Dionysus" the Greek god. Jim gives Ray's daughter a small doll of himself and passes out. Ray wakes him up some time later and reminds him that his flight is leaving soon. On July 3, 1971, Pamela finds Jim Morrison dead in a bathtub in their apartment in Paris. The final scenes of the film are of graves of other poets, composers, writers & performers all buried in Pre Lachaise Cemetery in Paris. A rock version of Remo Giazotto's "Adagio in G minor" plays in the background with a voiceover by Morrison. The camera finally moves toward Morrison's own grave, showing the graffiti that covers other gravestones nearby, finally settling on his marker, a simple stone adorned with a bust. (The objects left in tribute were removed and the graffiti cleaned off the surrounding graves in 1994 at the behest of Jim's parents.) Just before the credits roll, the screen whites out and text appears saying "Jim Morrison is said to have died of heart failure. He was 27. Pam joined him three years later (from a heroin overdose) in August 1974, and she was also age 27 when she died." During the closing credits, the band is shown recording the song "L.A. Woman" in the studio, surrounded by their friends. 
 The Blob (1988)431) A deadly entity from space crashes near a small town and begins consuming everyone in its path. Panic ensues as shady government scientists try to contain the horrific creature. Meg Penny is a cheerleader out on her first date with one of the football players, Paul Taylor. It doesn't go very well. Before they get where they're going, an old vagrant runs out in front of Paul's car, screaming in terror. The old man is closely followed by Brian Flagg, the local teen rebel, complete with long hair, black leather jacket, motorcycle and tough-guy attitude. Paul blames Brian for chasing the old man, but after the threesome takes him to the doctor's office, it becomes clear the vagrant had more to worry about than some young tough. He was screaming because of the acid-like substance on his hand - a substance that spreads over his body and eventually consumes him. Soon, the growing red blob, which sprouts tentacles to attack its victims, becomes a menace to the small town of Arbeville, Colorado. The military soon arrives in Hazmat suits, led by the wide-eyed Dr. Christopher Meddows. They're from the government, they say, and they want to help; but Brian's distrust for authority figures proves justified when he learns of their true motives. J. Spurlin A remake of the 1958 Steve McQueen film of the same name which follows a jelly-like, amoebic organism that crashes down to Earth from a meteorite n dissolves anything in its path, thereby growing in size. Military fellas step in to contain the situation but one rebellious kid knows the secret and will not give in to the commands of the authorities. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A meteorite crashes near the town of Arborville, California. An elderly transient (Billy Beck) discovers, within the sphere, a jelly-like substance (the Blob) that attaches itself to his hand. Three high school students, Brian (Kevin Dillon), the rebellious biker whose next false step will take him to major jail, as this day is precisely his 18th birthday, Meg (Shawnee Smith) the pretty high school girl, and Paul (Donovan Leitch) the successful football player, encounter the man and take him to a hospital. After Brian leaves, Paul witnesses the lower half of the transient's body melting (or dissolving or being digested) from exposure to the Blob. As he calls for help, the Blob drops on top of him. Meg arrives to see Paul being dissolved by the growing Blob and while trying to free him his arm is torn from his body, Meg is thrown against a wall and knocked unconscious and the Blob oozes out of the hospital and oozes into a nearby manhole into a sewer. After Brian and Meg have unsatisfactory encounters with the police who refuses to believe the teens that something is going on, they meet at a diner where Meg tells Brian about the Blob. Brian's disbelief is shattered when the diner's handyman is grabbed and pulled head first through the sink drain by the Blob. It pursues them to the diner's walk-in freezer where it retreats because it cannot tolerate extreme cold. After eating the diner's owner and the town's sheriff, the Blob reenters the sewers. Meg and Brian return to the police station, where the dispatcher tells them Deputy Briggs (Paul McCrane) is near the meteor-landing site. They discover a military operation led by a scientist, Dr. Meddows (Joe Seneca), who orders the town quarantined. Brian escapes a military van and collects his motorbike. Meg is taken to town where she learns her younger brother Kevin (Michael Kenworthy) is missing. Meg learns he and his friend Eddie (Douglas Emerson) have sneaked into the local theater to see a slasher film thanks to Eddie's usher brother Anthony (Jamison Newlander). The Blob infiltrates the theater and attacks the staff and then the audience... growing with each person it absorbs and digests. Meg just manages to rescue Eddie and Kevin. Meanwhile, Brian eavesdrops on Meddows speaking to his assistant Jennings (Robert Axelrod) and learns that the Blob is a biological warfare experiment created during the Cold War. Anthony then reports that he witnessed The Blob chasing Meg, Kevin, and Eddie into the sewers. Brian overhears Meadows decide to trap The Blob in the sewers, and that he is willing to let Meg, Kevin, and Eddie die to do so. Brian is discovered listening in and evades military personnel by driving his motorcycle into the sewers. In the sewers, Meg, Eddie, and Kevin flee from the Blob. Kevin escapes to the surface by scaling a pipe and squeezing through a grate while Eddie is devoured. Meg is saved by Brian, who confronts Meddows in front of the townsfolk and Briggs. After failing to convince everyone Brian is contaminated and must die, Meddows attempts to shoot Brian, but is killed by the Blob as it drags him into the sewer with one of its tentacles. The Blob then bursts from the sewers in a massive and sicking glob of reddish-like jello proceeds to feast upon the population, proving impervious to the military's attempts to stop it (getting shot multiple times while in the sewer and blown up, which only angered it). In the ensuing panic, the town's Reverend Meeker (Del Close) proclaims the scene to be the prophesied end of the world, when a failed flamethrower attack on the Blob sets him ablaze. Meg saves him with a fire extinguisher, and in the process blasts the Blob with it. The monster backs off, and she realizes that it cannot stand cold. The surviving humans retreat to the town hall and hold the Blob at bay with furniture-barricades and fire extinguishers, but it is a losing battle, as a result with the Blob engulfing half of the building and devouring Briggs. Brian goes to the town's garage and gets a snow maker truck that has canisters of liquid nitrogen attached. Just as the Blob is about to devour Meg and her family, Brian drives to town hall and shoots snow at the creature, which is angered and knocks the truck over. As the Blob surges toward Brian, Meg lures it away from him towards the canisters which she has rigged with an explosive charge taken from a dying soldier. She tries to get clear, but snags her foot between two pieces of metal, leaving her dangling upside down. Brian regains consciousness and runs over to free her. The Blob is about to overrun them when the charge goes off, blowing up the canisters and covering the Blob with liquid nitrogen. The creature is flash-frozen, shattering into a mass of crystallized pieces. Moss Woodley (Beau Billingslea) has its remains hauled away to the town ice house. In the final scene, there is a tent-meeting church service in a field, where Meeker, disfigured by his burn injuries, is now crazed, preaching a doomsday sermon sounding like the Blob's attack. Afterwards, when an old woman asks him when the time of reckoning will come, he replies "Soon... Madame... soon. The Lord will give me a sign", and holds up a glass jar containing a fragment of the Blob that he took from the ice house... which is slowly moving. 
 Poseidon (2006)431) On New Year's Eve, the luxury ocean liner Poseidon capsizes after being swamped by a rogue wave. The survivors are left to fight for their lives as they attempt to escape the sinking ship. It is New Year's Eve, and over 2,000 passengers & crew are ringing in the New Year aboard the huge cruise ship 'Poseidon' when it capsizes on the open sea in the middle of the North Atlantic Ocean! A small group of survivors find themselves unlikely allies in a battle for their lives. Preferring to test the odds alone, career gambler Dylan Johns ignores captain's orders to wait below for possible rescue and sets out to find his own way to safety. What begins as a solo mission soon draws others, as Dylan is followed by a desperate father searching for his daughter and her fiance--a young couple who hours before couldn't summon the courage to tell him they were engaged and now face much graver challenges. Along the way they are joined by a single mother and her wise-beyond-his-years son, an anxious stowaway and a despondent fellow passenger who boarded the ship not sure he wanted to live but now knows he doesn't want to die. Determined to fight their way to the surface, the group sets off through the disorienting maze of twisted steel in the upside-down wreckage. As the unstable vessel rapidly fills with water each must draw on skills and strengths they didn't even know they possessed, fighting against time for their own survival and for each other. Anthony Pereyra (hypersonic91yahoo.com) The stories of several people unfold on a magnificent ship, Poseidon. Heroine Jennifer Ramsey, the 19-year-old daughter of a patronizing former New York mayor, and her fianc Christian are finding it difficult to tell her father that they're engaged. A single mother and her son Conor run in (literally) to Dylan Johns, a professional gambler and hit it off right away. Elena has agreed to be a steward's entertainment for the cruise if he takes her to New York to see her injured brother. Architect Richard Nelson is drinking himself into a stupor after his boyfriend ditched him. When a rogue wave hits and the ship overturns, the captain tells the surviving passengers that the ballroom is an air bubble and that they will be safe until help arrives. Dylan isn't so sure and sets off to look for an avenue of escape. Conor asks Dylan to take he and his mother. Richard knows that the boat cannot stay afloat upside down. Ramsey insists on going with to find his daughter in the nightclub. The five people take the steward Marco to help them find their way to the bottom/top. In the nightclub, most are dead after being electrocuted by the numerous lights. Survivors are Jennifer, Elena, Lucky Larry and Christian, who is caught under a light. The two groups of adventurers converge and have to fight fire, electricity, tight spaces, elevator shafts and most of all, water. christiefan1 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the northern Atlantic Ocean, the ocean liner Poseidon, named for the Greek god of water, is sailing through the ocean. On one of its thirteen decks, we see Dylan Johns (Josh Lucas) running for an evening workout, stopping when he reaches the top to enjoy the last sunset of 2005. Meanwhile, in one of the 800 cabins, Jen Ramsey (Emmy Rossum) is canoodling with her boyfriend/fiance Christian (Mike Vogel) when they are interrupted by Jen's father, former firefighter/mayor of New York Robert Ramsey (Kurt Russell). Christian immediately starts sucking up to the older man, who tells Christian, "Stop calling me sir....it makes me feel old." He also implies that the kids are having sex, which Jen flatly denies before stomping off to her room of the large suite. Down below in the kitchen, an attractive Spanish girl named Elena (Mia Maestro), is hunting for her friend Marco Valentin. She finds Marco (Freddy Rodriguez), a waiter on the ship, and we quickly learn that he is smuggling her across from Europe so she can be with her sick brother in New York. He gives her some food from a nearby plate, but he tells her that she has to stay in the cabin. Elsewhere, gay architect Richard Nelson (Richard Dreyfus) calling his boyfriend, but he only gets the answering machine, and we can tell that his lover recently broke up with him. That night, Captain Michael Bradford (Andre Braugher) welcomes everyone to his ship. He tells them a little about its namesake and then introduces musical act Gloria (Stacy Ferguson). While she performs we go up a few decks, Dylan and Ramsey are playing a game of Texas Holdem with two others, generic guy five and Lucky Larry (Kevin Dillon). Jen and Christian come up to say hello to Ramsey before heading over to the nightclub as he's nearing a fifty thousand dollar betting mark with Dylan (Larry and guy five folded). Ramsey asks Jen to button up her dress to cover her breasts, and as she does says loudly for all about his hand, a pair of fives . Ramsey looks up at Dylan, who is grinning evilly and saying, "All in." Over at another table, we see Nelson telling some of his friends the story of his breakup and his ex's quick turnaround while he orders a five thousand dollar bottle of wine for the table just before excusing himself to get some air. Meanwhile, we see Dylan walking away with his winnings when he bumps into a kid playing with his PSP. The kid is Connor James (Jimmy Bennet) and he takes an immediate liking to Dylan, as does his mom Maggie (Jacinda Barret) who quickly comes up looking for him. Meanwhile, we see Jen and Chris in the nightclub partying like crazy as Elena picks her way through the crowed lower decks. On the bridge the officer of the watch gets a feeling that "Something's off," when the instruments suddenly detect a HUGE 150-foot tall, tidal wave coming towards the ship (Nelson, who was about to jump overboard, also sees this and it ironically makes him rethink the suicide). The officer orders a hard to starboard in order to meet the wave head on, but it is too late. The wave hits the starboard side of the ship, sweeping dozens of people overboard (some of whom were in the on-deck pool), crushing others, flash-frying some, electrifying a few, and in general causing all sorts of hellish chaos. The Poseidon completely turns over, upside down and within seconds, all power on the ship goes off and the lights fail, plunging the capsized ship into darkness. In the large dining room, after the general chaos has subsided, Captain Bradford calls for order and assures the people that as soon as the rogue wave hit the ship, a signal went off and rescue teams are on the way. As he's talking, Maggie notices Connor stuck on a piano on the ceiling (it was bolted down). Ramsey comes over and with the help of a few others creates a slide out of a curtain for Connor to fall into. In the nightclub Jen in Ok but one of the spotlight girders has fallen on Christian, trapping his leg. Jen tries to get it off but is unable to. Looking around, she spots Elena and gets her to help, and the two girls try again. Ramsey asks the captain to let him go search for Jen but the Captain wants everyone to stay put. Connor notices Dylan taking off, he explains that they can get out through the propeller area. Nelson, Ramsey, Maggie, Connor, decide to join Dylan and they grab Marco to be their guide. As they leave, we see hatches seal behind them as the captain mutters, "God be with them." On the other side, in the galley, the group picks their way through a messed up area, eventually coming to a service elevator that should lead them to safety. To cross the shaft, they grab a flimsy metal shelf and use it as a bridge. Dylan tries to get the doors on the other side open, but they won't budge. He notices the doors on the next level "up" are open, so Nelson volunteers as a stirrup to get him up there. Just as Dylan finishes getting the upper doors open, an elevator cab "above" them starts lurching "down" and it becomes a race to get everyone through. Finally it's down to Nelson and Marco. The makeshift bridg falls, and Marco grabs onto Nelson's leg. Realizing they can't save both, Dylan orders Nelson to kick Marco off, and Marco falls all the way to the bottom of the shaft before being crushed by the elevator which also falls to the bottom as well. The group recovers and heads on. Back in the nightclub, Elena and Jen are still struggling when they are approached by Lucky Larry. He repositions the rod they're using for leverage and they are able to get the girder off of Christian just as the other group arrives. Ramsey and Jen reunite, and everybody is introduced (except for a very drunk Larry). They escape via a hot door that seems to have a fire behind it. Dylan and Ramsey open the door, Dylan reveals he used to be in the Navy, and they end up in the main concourse of the ship. They use a fallen escalator as a bridge to climb to the other side. Most of the group gets across, but when it's Lucky Larry's turn, he decides to do it without help. Just as he's in the middle, an auxiliary diesel unit comes through the ceiling(floor), killing Larry, destroying the bridge and causing a literal waterfall of burning oil. Ramsey says to find another way across, but Dylan grabs a nearby fire hose, dives into the water, swims across, and climbs up to where the others are, making a kind of bungee bridge. Ramsey still wants to find another way, but Jen is insistent on this way and shows him the ring finally. He settles, but then she ducks out and comes back with a little hook for him to hang onto. They slide across together with her piggybacking on him while he holds onto the hook, and the group heads off once more. Back in the concert area, we see people milling around when suddenly the captain notices the glass cracking. He gets about five seconds to digest this when suddenly all the windows burst open and water comes pouring in, drowning everybody. Meanwhile, Elena, Ramsey, Nelson, Jen, Christian, Dylan, Maggie, and Connor have found a shaft that they think might lead "down" to the next level. Ramsey checks it out and says it's good, and eventually they all get in there, despite Elena's claustrophobia. While they're climbing, Ramsey congratulates Christian just as they reach the locked exit from the shaft. Ramsey tries to get his fingers around to unscrew it, but he can't so he calls up Connor to unscrew. As Connor is climbing, Nelson suddenly slips on a part of the vent that had buckled. Elena freaks out, especially since the water is rising, but Dylan manages to convince her to push Nelson out. She does so just as Connor gets the last screw out. They narrowly escape the vent, although Dylan is nearly drowned. They end up in some kind of ballast chamber, and Dylan realizes the only way out of it is to flood the chamber so the vent on one side of the room opens. They let the water in and after a while, the vent opens and they swim for some stairs. On the way though, Elena gets caught on something and manages to cut herself pretty badly. Ramsey manages to get her out of the water and tries CPR but she is drowned. The group leaves Elena's dead body behind, and moves on. The ship is slowly sinking and water levels keep rising. Back with our remaining heroes, we see that the area they need to go get out is currently under more water than they could swim through. Discouraged, they regroup and try to think of another way out when suddenly the ship starts going vertical. They realize that this means the previous way that was blocked might now be clear, and they head that way when Maggie notices that Connor is missing. She and Dylan search for him while the others secure an exit. They find him trapped behind a screen in an area that is rapidly filling with water. Dylan dives under and tries to get him out. After a couple of attempts he frees the boy and the trio rapidly make for the other four, who have made it into the engine room. Nelson sees the door to the bow thrusters and opens it, only to get blown back by the hurricane-force winds the still-active propellor is generating. While Jen looks after him, Christian suggests throwing something in there to block the propellers and get them to stop, but Ramsey points out they'd need to either stop them manually or get them turning the other way, which makes the two argue about who should make the hundred and fifty foot swim to the underwater control room. Christian says that he has better lung capacity so he should do it, and Ramsey reluctantly agrees. Christian moves to say a teary goodbye to Jen, and while he's busy with that, Ramsey dives in and swims off. The other three arrive and are told what Ramsey is doing as we see Ramsey get in the control room. He finds the engine stop button, but it's broken. He starts running out of air, and with his last breath manages to find the button to make the propellers turn the other way. Back in the propeller room, everyone notices that the blades are now turning the other way. Dylan tries to throw a compressed gas tank into the blades to get them to stop, but the tank gets caught crosswise in the narrow door frame. The water threatens to burst into the little room they are in and Dylan finally manages to push the tank into the thruster shaft. There's a huge explosion that blows out that pair of thrusters. The six survivors pick their way through the tube, stopping at a long drop to the water. Dylan says they have to jump, and soon everybody is in the water and swimming for a nearby liferaft. They get in just as the ship goes under, and Jen screams at them to row like crazy so they don't get drowned in the backwash. They manage to escape it. Dylan fires off a flare gun to let any rescue teams know where they are. After a wait, a pair of helicopters arrive and hover over the raft. 
 Platoon (1986)651) Chris Taylor, a neophyte recruit in Vietnam, finds himself caught in a battle of wills between two sergeants, one good and the other evil. A shrewd examination of the brutality of war and the duality of man in conflict. Chris Taylor is a young, naive American who gives up college and volunteers for combat in Vietnam. Upon arrival, he quickly discovers that his presence is quite nonessential, and is considered insignificant to the other soldiers, as he has not fought for as long as the rest of them and felt the effects of combat. Chris has two non-commissioned officers, the ill-tempered and indestructible Staff Sergeant Robert Barnes and the more pleasant and cooperative Sergeant Elias Grodin. A line is drawn between the two NCOs and a number of men in the platoon when an illegal killing occurs during a village raid. As the war continues, Chris himself draws towards psychological meltdown. And as he struggles for survival, he soon realizes he is fighting two battles, the conflict with the enemy and the conflict between the men within his platoon. Jeremy Thomson Chris Taylor leaves his university studies to enlist in combat duty in Vietnam in 1967. Once he's on the ground in the middle of battle, his idealism fades. Infighting in his unit between Staff Sergeant Barnes, who believes nearby villagers are harboring Viet Cong soldiers, and Sergeant Elias, who has a more sympathetic view of the locals, ends up pitting the soldiers against each other as well as against the enemy. Jwelch5742 A gritty and emotional look at the lives of a platoon of American soldiers as they patrol, fight and die in the jungles of Vietnam as seen through the perspective of a young recruit. Two veteran sergeants clash when one of them precipitates a massacre of villagers. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> Chris Taylor has arrived in Vietnam in the year 1967. Initially, he is mostly isolated from the rest of his platoon given that he is new to the unit. Over time, after witnessing combat and getting wounded, Taylor becomes more integrated into his unit. At the same time, tensions emerge following a massacre conducted by members of the platoon and Taylor finds himself caught in the crossfire. Sam Freeman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chris Taylor (Charlie Sheen) is a young American who has abandoned a privileged life at a university to enlist in the infantry, volunteering for combat duty in Vietnam. The year is September 1967. Upon arrival in Da Nang, South Vietnam, he sees dead soldiers of American soldiers in body bags being loaded into his plane. Taylor and the other recruits pass by a group of soldiers also departing on the plane who laugh at the "new guys", but more distressing to Taylor is the shell-shocked state of a departing soldier with the "thousand-yard stare." Taylor and several other replacements have been assigned to Bravo Company, 25th Infantry division, "somewhere near the Cambodian border." The platoon goes out on patrol in the trackless and inhospitable jungle dealing with mud, thick bushes, snakes and ants. Worn down by the exhausting work and living conditions of patrolling, Taylor's enthusiasm for the war wanes quickly and he develops an admiration for the more experienced soldiers, despite their reluctance to extend their friendship. One day, another new arrival, platoon commander Lieutenant Wolfe (Mark Moses) discusses the plans for a patrol later that night with the platoon sergeants: the compassionate Sergeant Elias (Willem Dafoe), harsh but hard core Staff Sergeant Barnes (Tom Berenger), cowardly, sycophantic "lifer" Sergeant Red O'Neil (John C. McGinley), and drug addict Sergeant Warren (Tony Todd). Barnes and Elias argue over whether to send the new men out on a patrol that is likely to be ambushed. O'Neil insists that the new troops go out instead of several men under him who are nearly finished with their tours of duty. Barnes agrees, only on the condition that O'Neil goes out as well. That night, North Vietnamese soldiers set upon Taylor's sleeping unit. Gardner (Bob Orwig), a fellow new recruit, is killed, and another soldier, Tex (David Neidorf), is maimed. Despite having passed the watch duty to Junior (Reggie Johnson), a more experienced but consistently irresponsible soldier who fell asleep, Taylor is blamed for the casualties (O'Neil is also to blame, having thrown the grenade that maimed Tex). Immediately after the fighting, Taylor discovers a light wound to his neck, and he is sent to the field hospital for treatment. A few days later, Taylor returns to his unit from the hospital and, through a soldier named King (Keith David), gains acceptance from the "heads", a tight-knit group led by Elias that socializes, dances, and takes drugs in a private bunker. Next door in another bunker, Barnes leads the more traditional members of the unit whom drink beer, play cards and don't smoke opium. Taylor becomes a more seasoned soldier as the patrols continue and soon no longer stands out among the others. During one patrol on New Years Day, January 1, 1968, the platoon finds what appears to be an abandoned bunker. Elias explores a series of tunnels connected to the bunker. Two members of the platoon, Sandy (J. Adam Glover) and Sal (Richard Edson) are killed when they stumble upon a booby trap attached to a box of documents. Shortly after, a soldier named Manny Washington (Corkey Ford) goes missing. His mutilated body is found tied to a post close by. The platoon is infuriated by the senseless death of their comrade and are ordered to report to a nearby village of South Vietnamese citizens. The platoon reaches the village, where a food and weapons cache is discovered. The other soldiers explore the village. In one house, Taylor discovers a mute and mentally challenged teenage boy and his mother hiding in a hole beneath the floor. Taylor harasses and taunts the retarded boy by shooting his rifle at his feet, but stops himself short of killing the boy. However, Bunny (Kevin Dillon) takes over and beats the boy to death with his gun, even though Sgt. O'Neil orders them to leave the hut. While questioning the village chief, Barnes loses his patience and senselessly kills the man's wife despite his denials that they are aiding the Viet Cong. Barnes is about to murder the man's young daughter to force him to tell them to where the enemy is when Sergeant Elias arrives at the scene and starts a fistfight with Barnes. Lieutenant Wolfe, passive during the shooting of the wife, eventually ends the fight, and relays orders from his own superior officer to burn the village. As the men leave, a group of four soldiers, including Bunny and Junior, drag a young Vietnamese girl into the bushes with the intention of raping her. Taylor comes upon them and stops the group from raping the girl. His comrades ridicule him for stopping them. Upon returning to base, Elias reports Barnes' actions to Captain Harris (Dale Dye), who cannot afford to remove Barnes due to a lack of personnel. However, Harris threatens to court martial Barnes if there is evidence that he murdered an unarmed civilian. O'Neil and Bunny, nervous about the possibility of an investigation, speak to Barnes and Bunny suggests "fragging" Elias. A narrating Taylor speaks of this as "a civil war in the platoon. Half with Elias, half with Barnes." Taylor talks with Elias one night and Elias tells him that the United States is due for a loss in war because they'd been mostly successful in past wars. He also confesses that he's disillusioned with America's mission in Southeast Asia, that he used to believe it was winnable even a few years ago, but knows now that it's not. On their next patrol, the platoon is ambushed and pinned down in a firefight by unseen enemy soldiers. Flash (Basile Achara) is killed and Sergeant Warren and Private Lerner (Johnny Depp) are badly injured in the resulting skirmish. Lieutenant Wolfe calls in wrong coordinates for artillery support, resulting in the deaths of Fu Sheng (Steve Barredo), Morehouse (Kevin Eshelman), and Tubbs (Andrew B. Clark) and the severe wounding of Ace (Terry McIlvain). Big Harold (Forest Whitaker) has his leg blown off by a trip-wired booby trap while trying to escape the artillery barrage. Elias, with Taylor, Rhah (Francesco Quinn), and Crawford (Chris Pedersen), go to intercept flanking enemy troops. Though Lt. Wolfe is commanding officer, Barnes takes command. He orders the rest of the platoon to retreat to be airlifted from the area, and goes back into the jungle to find Elias' group. After sending Taylor, Rhah, and Crawford (who has been shot in the lung) back, Barnes finds Elias. The two stare at each other for a few moments and then Barnes fires three rounds into Elias' chest and leaves him for dead. Barnes runs into Taylor and tells him that Elias is dead and that he'd seen his body nearby. Barnes orders Taylor back to the landing zone. After they take off, the men see a severely wounded Elias emerge from the jungle, running from a large group of NVA soldiers. He dies after being shot several more times by the NVA while the American helicopters futilely attempt to provide him cover overhead. As they fly from the area, Chris takes a long look at Barnes' hardened face. At the base, Taylor tries to talk his dwindling group of six "heads" into killing Barnes in retaliation, claiming that when he'd met Barnes in the forest after shooting Elias, that the look on Barnes' face told him the truth. While King agrees, Doc Gomez (Paul Sanchez) believes they should wait for "military justice" to decide Barnes' fate. Rhah reminds Taylor how much he admired Barnes when he first arrived, and that Barnes isn't meant to die, noting that on several previous occasions Barnes has sustained wounds that ought to have proved mortal: "the only thing that can kill Barnes, is Barnes." Barnes then appears, very drunk with a bottle of bourbon, having overheard Taylor calling for his murder. He enters the room, daring them to kill him. No one takes up the offer but as Barnes leaves, Taylor attacks him. Barnes quickly gets the upper hand, pins Taylor down and holds a knife to his face. Rhah urges him not to do it, telling Barnes he'll be court-martialed and imprisoned, and he leaves after slashing Taylor under the eye. A few days later, the platoon is sent back to the ambush area in order to build and maintain heavy defensive positions against a potential attack. Rhah is promoted to Sergeant, commanding the remains of Elias' squad. The platoon is so severely weakened, though, that there are numerous gaps in their defense. When this fact is pointed out to him, Lt. Wolfe only replies that he doesn't "give a fuck" any more. The troops try to prepare for the incoming battle, during which they know the majority of them will die. Just hours before nightfall, King is allowed to go home as his tour of duty has come to an end. O'Neil tries to use Elias' R&R days for himself in order to escape the impending battle (in which he believes he will die). When he asks Barnes for permission, Barnes refuses, saying, "Everybody gotta die some time, Red." Junior tries to escape the battle by spraying mosquito repellent onto his feet and passing it off as trench foot, a ploy that Barnes recognizes right away. Bunny states that he feels no remorse for the murders he has committed, saying that he enjoys Vietnam, and goes on to proclaim himself to be "Audie Murphy", a famous and highly decorated World War II hero. Francis (Corey Glover), one of the last few remaining "heads", is assigned to the same foxhole as Taylor. That night a large attack occurs and the American defensive perimeter is broken and the camp overrun by hundreds of attacking North Vietnamese troops. Taylor and Francis take on and cut down several attacking enemy troops until they both pause when they hear signal whistles from the unseen NVA sergeants ordering their men to cease fire. Hearing a Vietnamese voice over a bullhorn and understanding that the NVA are ordering RPGs up to the line to blow up the foxhole they are in, Taylor grabs Francis and both of them crawl out of the foxhole seconds before it's hit by an RPG. Taylor and Francis then attack and kill several enemy soldiers that overrun their destroyed foxhole until Taylor loses it during the fight and charges off into the carnage, shooting one enemy soldier after another. Meanwhile, the NVA attack against the base continues relentlessly. The command bunker is destroyed by a NVA suicide bomber (Oliver Stone makes a cameo as the doomed battalion commander inside the bunker). During the massed North Vietnamese Army attack, many members of the platoon are killed, including Lt. Wolfe, Parker (Peter Hicks), Doc, Bunny, and Junior when their foxholes are overrun. The cowardly O'Neil survives only by hiding himself under a dead body. The desperate company commander, Captain Harris, orders the Air Force pilots to "expend all remaining" inside his perimeter. During the chaos, Barnes and Taylor come face-to-face. As a crazed Barnes is about to beat Taylor with a shovel, the two are knocked unconscious by the last-ditch American napalm attack. A wounded Taylor regains consciousness the next morning with a serious wound to his lower abdomen caused by Barnes striking him with the sharpened edge of the shovel earlier from the night before. Taylor soon finds Barnes, who is also wounded after being shot in both legs during the battle. Taylor takes an AK-47 rifle from a dead enemy soldier and aims it at Barnes, who lays helpless on the ground. Nonetheless, Barnes feels at first not threatened, and he dismissively orders Taylor to call a medic. When Taylor does not comply, but instead continues to aim his weapon, Barnes (deranged to the last) dares him to pull the trigger by saying: "Do it!" Taylor shoots Barnes three times in the chest, killing him. Taylor then drops his rifle, collapses, and awaits medical attention. Interestingly, although not in the script, Taylor is seen on the verge of pulling the pin of a grenade that he found, only to drop it as reinforcements reach him. (Charlie Sheen thought that Taylor would be committing suicide after killing Barnes. Oliver Stone thought that the mistake was good so he decided to keep it in the film.) Francis emerges from his foxhole and stabs himself in the thigh with a bayonet in order to be evacuated as a casualty. O'Neil is found by other Americans, and Harris (much to O'Neil's distress) gives him command of the platoon. As he is loaded onto the helicopter, Taylor is reminded by Francis that because they have been wounded twice, they can go home. Back at the bombed-out command post, hundreds of NVA bodies are being dumped into mass graves. After bidding farewell to Rhah, Francis, Tony Hoyt (Ivan Kane) and Ebenhoch (Mark Ebenhoch) (his last surviving friends in the platoon; the other survivors are Rodriguez (Chris Castillejo), Huffmeister (Robert Galotti), and O'Neil), Taylor boards his helicopter. The helicopter flies away and Taylor weeps as he stares down at the destruction, while he (from a future perspective) narrates that he will forever be in Vietnam, with Barnes and Elias battling for what Rhah called "possession of his soul", and that he believes he and other veterans must rebuild themselves, and find goodness and purpose in their lives. 