nm0005379:

 Double Team (1997)55) An international spy teams up with an arms dealer to escape from a penal colony and rescue his family from a terrorist. Counterterrorist officer, Jack Quinn misses his target, Stavros, on the eve of his final mission. From there, he is sent to the colon;y; a rebirth for presumed-dead assassins. He breaks free from there, and seeks the aid of Yaz, a weapons dealer, for his final battle with Stavros. Orlandus Brown Jr. Having retiring from the CIA, where he was an anti-terrorist operative, Jack Paul Quinn spends his days poolside at his house in Nice, France with his pregnant wife Katherine Rose Quinn. But international terrorist Stavros, an old enemy of Quinn's, has resurfaced, and the CIA wants Quinn to come out of retirement, and go after Stavros. Quinn reluctantly accepts the assignment. Quinn goes to Antwerp, Belgium and hooks up with flamboyant arms dealer Yaz, who has the newest fully-automatic weapons. With Quinn's assembled delta-force, an ambush is set for Stavros at a local amusement park. Stavros arrives, and greets his girlfriend...and his son. Quinn finds himself unable to shoot Stavros with his son. This moment of hesitation is costly, and Quinn's entire team is killed off in a shoot-out with Stavros' men -- a shoot-out in which Stavros's son and girlfriend are both killed. Quinn chases Stavros into a nearby hospital, and they battle it out in a nursery full of newborn babies. Quinn is knocked out cold, and Stavros escapes, vowing revenge on Quinn for the deaths of his son and girlfriend, not knowing that Quinn was not the agent who killed them. When Quinn comes to, he finds himself in "The Colony," a place where "those who are too valuable to kill and too dangerous to set free" use their special skills around the world as "the last line of defense against global terrorism." Using virtual reality and mouseless-graphical-user-interfaces, they solve all the world's bombings, hijackings, and terrorist attacks. The only problem is that no one can ever leave The Colony. That's why Quinn's superiors tell Katherine that Quinn is dead. Not long after his arrival, Quinn finds evidence that Katherine is being targeted by Stavros, and so Quinn hatches an elaborate plan to escape from the Colony so he can protect Katherine. Once out of The Colony, Quinn hooks up with Yaz, and they learn that Stavros has kidnapped Katherine and taken her to Rome, planning to get revenge on Quinn through the baby, which Katherine has given birth to. Quinn and Yaz set out for Rome to rescue Katherine. It all comes to a head in a Roman coliseum in a showdown featuring a tiger, land mines...and the baby. Todd Baldridge Jack Quinn, Yaz, and Stavros don't belong to any army and they don't play by any rules. This action-espionage thriller ignites in the cloak and dagger world of international spies, covert agents and high-tech terrorists. Sony press release Jack Quinn is top counter-terrorist, and before his final mission he misses terrorist Stavros. Stavros had his son killed in earlier fight and as revenge he is hunting Quinn's pregnant wife. Quinn joins forces with vivid arms dealer Yaz to fight Stavros. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Eddie (1996)Summaries Coincidences lead to the New York Knicks, getting its loudest fan, Edwina "Eddie" Franklin (Whoopi Goldberg), as coach. Season victory? Edwina "Eddie" Franklin (Whoopi Goldberg) is a New York City limousine driver and a fanatical follower of the New York Knicks professional basketball team. The team is struggling with a mediocre record when, in mid-season, "Wild Bill" Burgess (Frank Langella), the new owner, as a public relations gimmick, stages an "honorary coach" contest, which Eddie wins. The fans love it, so "Wild Bill" fires the coach and hires her. She takes the bunch of overpaid prima donnas that make up the team and turns them around. But the owner hopes to move the team, now the darling of the New York City fans, to St. Louis. He may own the team, but it belongs to the city and the fans. Bruce Cameron <dumarest@midcoast.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Simon Sez (1999)211) Basketball superstar Dennis Rodman stars as a hip Interpol agent attempting to defeat the deadly plans of a crazed arms dealer. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A tattooed Interpol agent helps an old classmate find the kidnapped daughter of a computer software tycoon. 
 The Comebacks (2007)Summaries A comedy that spoofs inspirational sports movies, this movie is about an out-of-luck coach who drives a rag-tag bunch of college misfits towards the football championship. Lambeau Fields lives a middle-class lifestyle in America along with his wife, Barb, and a gorgeous daughter, Michelle, who he has brought up as a son. Lambeau is a failure and has virtually given up on his career as a football coach. Then his friend, Freddie Wiseman, encourages him to re-enter this field, and he does so by re-locating to Plainfolk in Texas and joins the Heartland State University. It is here he will meet some of the most pathetic players, and quite disillusioned he goes about to find new-comers. He finds a kicker in Jasminder Featherfoot, provided of course, he keeps her involvement secret from the rest of her family. Then he finds Lance Truman, whose drag queen dad has brought him up more like a tom-girl. With these additions and others Lambeau sets forth to include his team in the next Super...Er...Toilet Bowl 2 series, and it is here that he will find that Lance fumbles a lot; Barb is not quite faithful as she seems; he will soon be in jail for Indecent Exposure; Michelle has a black boyfriend; and Freddie has a hidden agenda. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Coach Fields is pathetic. He has the distinction of being the worst coach in the history of sports anyone can recall. A loser of enormous proportions, the incompetent and seemingly hopeless coach is convinced by fellow coach Freddie Wiseman to return to the field for one last shot. Assuring his long suffering wife that he will not ignore his family, Coach moves them to Plainfolk, Texas where he hopes to redeem himself and his reputation. Here he begins yet another attempt to improve his abysmal record - this time as the coach of the football team at Heartland State University. But he is saddled with a team of misfits - most of whom don't know the difference between a line of scrimmage and a line at the cafeteria. Coach is in serious need of some real talent to beef up his line-up and finds his number one recruit on the university's baseball diamond. The ever-so-handsome Lance Truman brings with him a distinguished award winning career - albeit for the most dropped balls - as well as determination. Coach convinces Truman to join the team as quarterback, and the young athlete comes on board despite the objection of his father. Wearing jersey #1 is Trotter, the bling-wearing, girl magnet wide receiver who can actually catch and run with the ball, as long as his over-sized ego does not get in the way. The biggest bruiser of the team is Buddy Boy, but he turns out to be more warm and cuddly than the mean sonofabitch that Coach longs for. The rest of the team includes the upbeat and handsome, Aseel Tare, who is always ready for action despite an uncanny tendency for injury; tattooed and angry Jorge Juanson who has a chip on his shoulder, and the delusion of being from the barrio; Jizminder, a beautiful, British-Indian soccer player, who takes on the role of kicker and is the only female player on the otherwise all male squad; and lastly, is the runt of the group, Randy, who is always begging for a chance to play despite his minuscule stature, and lack of any discernible football skills...unless you count moxie. Serving as Coach's right hand man is IPod, although he is often misunderstood, the good-hearted, music listening IPod keeps the team smiling. Although the team and townsfolk are leery of the newcomer's approach, the Coach uses his unorthodox methods to whip this group of rag-tags into shape - both on and off the field. While the audience follows their winding road to the playoffs, the film pokes fun at the clichs and conventions of other sports flicks. And the team does make progress, so much so that they actually make it to the South-Southwest Conference Championship at the 2nd Annual Toilet Bowl. Facing their fiercest opponents yet and yearning to win the big game, The Comebacks face off with the Lone Star State Unbeatables. And as every great sports team has always done, The Comebacks use ingenuity and unorthodox measures in the final showdown where the best team wins. Fox Atomic It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 