nm0005101:

 Gummo (1997)321) Lonely residents of a tornado-stricken Ohio town wander the deserted landscape trying to fulfill their boring, nihilistic lives. Constructing this film through random scenes, director Harmony Korine abruptly jettisoned any sort of narrative plot, so here we go: Solomon and Tummler are two bored teenage boys who live in Xenia, Ohio. A few years ago, a tornado swept through it, destroying more than half the town and killing the same amount, including Solomon's father. The film, from there, chronicles the anti-social adventures these two boys have. These include sniffing glue, killing cats, having sex, riding dirtbikes, listening to black metal, and meeting a cavalcade of quirky, bizarre, and scary people. These include a man who pimps his mentally ill wife to our anti-heroes, three sisters who play with their cat and practice becoming strippers, a black midget fending off the sexual advances of a troubled man (played by the director Harmony Korine), a 12-year-old gay transvestite who is also a cat killer, Solomon's mother who seems to be the only glimpse of sanity, two foul-mouthed six-year olds, and most importantly, a nymphlike skateboarder who walks around town wearing pink rabbit ears. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A young boy named Solomon narrates the events of the tornado that devastated the small town of Xenia, Ohio. A mute adolescent boy, known as Bunny Boy, wears only pink bunny ears, shorts, and tennis shoes on an overpass in the rain. Tummler, a friend of Solomon, carries a cat by the scruff of its neck and drowns it in a barrel of water. The film then cuts to a different scene with Tummler, in a wrecked car with a girl. They fondle each other, and Tummler realizes there is a lump in one of the girl's breasts. Tummler and Solomon then ride down a hill on bikes. In narration, Solomon describes Tummler as a boy with "a marvelous persona," whom some people call "downright evil." Later, Tummler aims an air rifle at a cat. Solomon stops him from killing the cat, protesting that it is a housecat. They leave and the camera follows the cat to its owners' house. The cat is owned by three sisters, two of whom are teenagers and one who is pre-pubescent. The film cuts back to Tummler and Solomon hunting feral cats, which they deliver to a local grocer who intends to butcher and sell them to a local restaurant. The grocer tells them that they have a rival in the cat killing business. Tummler and Solomon buy glue from the grocer, which they use to get high via huffing. The film then cuts to a scene in which two foul-mouthed young boys dressed as cowboys destroy things in a junkyard. Bunny Boy arrives and the other boys shoot him "dead" with cap guns. Bunny Boy plays dead and the boys curse at him, rifle through his pockets, then remove and throw one of his shoes. They grow bored of this and leave Bunny Boy sprawled on the ground. Tummler and Solomon track down a local boy who is poaching "their" cats. The poacher, named Jarrod Wiggley, is poisoning the cats rather than shooting them. When Tummler and Solomon break into Jarrod's house with masks and weapons with intent to hurt him, they find photos of the young teen in drag and his elderly grandmother, who is catatonic and attached to life support machinery. Jarrod is forced to care for her, which he had earlier opined was "disgusting." Seeing that Jarrod isn't home, Tummler and Solomon decide to leave. Tummler then discovers the grandmother lying in her bed, states that it is "no way to live," and turns off the life support machine. A number of other scenes are interspersed throughout the film, including: an intoxicated man flirting with a gay dwarf; a man pimping his disabled sister to Solomon and Tummler; the sisters encountering an elderly child molester; a pair of twin boys selling candy door-to-door; a brief conversation with a tennis player who is treating his ADHD; a long scene of Solomon eating dinner while taking a bath in dirty water; a drunken party with arm- and chair-wrestling; and two skinhead brothers boxing each other in their kitchen. There are also a number of even smaller scenes depicting Satanic rituals, footage seemingly from home movies, and conversations containing racial bigotry. The next scene in the movie is set to the song "Crying" by Roy Orbison, which had been previously mentioned by Tummler as the song his older sibling, who was a transsexual, would sing (the sibling eventually went to the "Big City" and abandoned him). The final scene involves Solomon and Tummler shooting the sisters' cat repeatedly with their air rifles in the rain with jump cuts to Bunny Boy kissing the teenage girls in a swimming pool. Bunny Boy runs towards the camera through a field holding the body of the dead cat, which he shows to the audience, breaking the fourth wall. The final scene shows a girl, who shaved her eyebrows earlier in the movie, singing "Jesus Loves Me" in bed next to her mom (or sister). The film finally cuts to black as the girl singing is told to "dial it down" and go to bed. 
 Spring Breakers (2012)431) Four college girls hold up a restaurant in order to fund their spring break vacation. While partying, drinking, and taking drugs, they are arrested, only to be bailed out by a drug and arms dealer. Brit, Candy, Cotty, and Faith have been best friends since grade school. They live together in a boring college dorm and are hungry for adventure. All they have to do is save enough money for spring break to get their shot at having some real fun. A serendipitous encounter with rapper "Alien" promises to provide the girls with all the thrill and excitement they could hope for. With the encouragement of their new friend, it soon becomes unclear how far the girls are willing to go to experience a spring break they will never forget. Muse Productions Left broke and alone on campus as their classmates head to Florida for some fun in the sun, coeds Candy (Vanessa Hudgens), Brit (Ashley Benson) and Cotty (Rachel Korine) steal a car, rob a local diner with plastic guns, and head south with their devoutly religious girlfriend Faith (Selena Gomez) in tow. But when the girls are thrown in jail following a police raid on a beachfront apartment, it looks like the party is over until wild-eyed drug dealer Alien (James Franco) inexplicably posts their bail. Sensing danger, Faith boards a bus bound for school as her three friends fall into a dangerous cycle of drugs and debauchery. Later, a scary run-in with Alien's bitter rival prompts yet another of the girls to hightail it back to campus, leaving the remaining two to embrace their dangerous new lifestyle with reckless abandon.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Childhood friends Faith ( Selena Gomez ), Brit ( Ashley Benson ), Candy ( Vanessa Hudgens ), and Cotty ( Rachel Korine ) seem to be the only people left on their college campus. The rest of their classmates have migrated south to Florida for spring break, and the girls are desperate to join them. Brit, Candy, and Cotty decide to rob a local fast food restaurant to get the money they need to take the vacation. Cotty drives, and Brit and Candy bust into the joint with a hammer and a fake gun. They steal hundreds of dollars, and after burning the car, the trio brings their loot to Faith. Faith, who demonstrates a bit more of a conscience than her friends, overlooks her horror at their crime in favor of a free vacation. When the foursome arrives in Florida, they quickly immerse themselves in spring break culture: drinking, drugs, and never-ending parties. Faith feels as though Florida is the most spiritual place she has ever been; she feels as though she has found herself. The days melt into a blur of alcohol, swimming at the beach, and grinding against fellow "spring breakers." The only uncomfortable moment arises when Brit, Candy, and Cotty describe the robbery to Faith. Brit and Candy terrorized the people in the restaurant by threatening to kill them if they didnt give them their money. When Faith sees how much her friends enjoyed stealing and scaring people, she is taken aback. The four girls attend a beachside concert and see Alien ( James Franco ), a drug-dealing rapper, for the first time. Alien claims to come from another planet and also revels in the spring break culture. Later, the foursome goes to an out of control party at a motel. They snort cocaine, damage the motel, and are eventually arrested by local police. They spend the night in a county jail and appear in court the next day still dressed in their bikinis. The judge gives them a choice: pay a fine or spend two more days in jail. Brit protests that they dont have any money, and for a moment it looks like they might go back to their cell. Luckily for them, two of Alien's grunts were arrested at the same party, and he has come to post their bail. Something about the foursome appeals to him, because he bails them out of jail too. Alien greets Faith, Brit, Candy, and Cotty as they exit the jail. He wants to show them around town. While Brit, Candy, and Cotty jump at the chance to ride around in Alien's sleek car, Faith is suspicious of him. Her misgivings about Alien grow when she learns he sells drugs for a living. That evening, when Alien takes the girls to a party where older men, most of them African American, leer at them. Faith breaks down crying and decides to go home, even after Alien tries to convince her to stay. Faith heads back to college (thus is never seen again in the film), and the remaining three girls move in to Alien's house. Brit and Candy, even more wild than Cotty, giggle as Alien shows them his bedroom, which is packed with guns, Scarface memorabilia, and stacks of money. The pair take two of Alien's guns, both loaded, and playfully point them at him. He tells them to stop, but Brit tells him to get on his knees. She and Candy force Alien to fellate the barrels of the guns, which he does with gusto. When he finishes, the three begin kissing, and Alien tells him theyre his soul mates. Later, Alien takes the trio to a strip club. He gives them wads of cash to toss at the strippers and points out Big Arch, his former mentor and current competitor. Big Arch ( Gucci Mane ) menaces Alien and tells him to go back to ripping off spring breakers; he owns the drug trade in town, and he doesn't feel like sharing. Alien pretends that Big Arch's threats don't bother him. He buys Brit, Candy, and Cotty matching bathing suits, pink ski masks, and sweatpants. Together, the four of them bust in to spring break parties and rob the people there. The robberies become more violent, and Brit and Candy especially seem to become more depraved. Meanwhile, Big Arch is still angry that Alien sells drugs. He and an associate drive past Alien's car one night and warn him to back off; then they open fire into the car, and one bullet hits Cotty in the arm. She breaks down afterwards and sobs in the shower. Cotty also wants to go home, and she leaves the next morning. Alien wants to exact revenge on Big Arch, and so do Brit and Candy. The trio has a threesome in Alien's pool, and Alien tells Brit and Candy he loves them. Brit and Candy both call their mothers and tell them what an amazing time they're having on spring break; they pretend they are back at school and that now they want to be better people. Brit and Candy, clad only in neon bikinis and ski masks, climb into Alien's boat and drive to Big Arch's waterfront mansion. One of Big Arch's bodyguards opens fire and shoots Alien in the head as he charges down the dock. Brit and Candy return fire and kill him. The pair proceeds to shoot and kill the rest of the bodyguards at Big Arch's mansion. They find Big Arch in his bathtub and shoot him dead. The murderous and deranged Brit and Candy watch the sun rise in Florida one last time before driving out of town for places unknown in Big Arch's sports car. A flashback shows the two girls kissing Alien's corpse before running down the dock. 
 Trash Humpers (2009)Summaries Follows the lives of a small group of sociopathic elderly people in Nashville, Tennessee. A film unearthed from the buried landscape of the American Nightmare. TRASH HUMPERS follows a small group of elderly "Peeping Toms" through the shadows and margins of an unfamiliar world. Crudely documented by the participants themselves, we follow the debased and shocking actions of a group of true sociopaths the likes of which have never been seen before. Inhabiting a world of broken dreams and beyond the limits of morality, they crash against a torn and frayed America. Bordering on an ode to vandalism, it is a new type of horror - palpable and raw. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kids (1995)761) A day in the life of a group of teens as they travel around New York City skating, drinking, smoking and deflowering virgins. Disturbing, dark, low-budget independent film about teen-agers in New York City. The story focuses on Telly (Leo Fitzpatrick), a teen who has a goal to de-flower as many virgins as he can. When one of his old encounters discovers that she is H.I.V.-positive, after only one encounter with a guy, Telly remains undaunted. Allison L. Venezio <YankeeSNL01@aol.com> Kids follows a group young, unsupervised, not mature, but all-too-grown-up kids in New York. One girl has just been diagnosed with HIV and is trying to notify the boy who gave it to her, who is on a quest to sexually prey upon innocent girls. The film follows these characters and their friends through the day, hanging out, playing, carousing and going to parties. Each scene is intriguing and disturbing -- conveying an urban reality that includes drugs, sex, guns, and disease; and yet never letting you forget these are *kids*, some of them barely in puberty. tmika A controversial portrayal of teens in New York City which exposes a world which is deeply disturbing. The film focuses on a freckled boy Telly (Leo Fitzpatrick), whose idea of safe sex is to have sex with only virgins. But one girl from one of his past unprotected passion test positive for HIV and soon finds him making love yet to another unsuspecting girl. Paul Watabe A disturbing portrayal of teenage life, AIDS, and the Kids of New York City. Controversial in its content, the film exposes the grim reality of a group of skate-boarders in the space of 24 hours. Primarily the story consists of Telly (Leo Fitzpatrick) a 17 year old slacker whose mission is to de-flower as many young girls as possible, whilst unprotected. Things turn bad when an old flame finds out she has tested positive for HIV and the only person she has had sex with is Telly. She chases through New York to find him but is too late as he has already de-flowered yet another innocent pre-teen. Dan Adamson <dan@clanjade.freeserve.co.uk> The movie Kids is a view of a city kids world. You watch Telly, a unsupervised teen in the streets of New York taking advantage of innocent young girls not knowing he has HIV but one of the girls he slept with a year before does. In knowing this she runs the streets looking for him while he plans to deflower another young girl. And in the midst of all this, you see kids as young as 10 or 11 using drugs and alcohol with some of the older kids. Kids is basically a movie that warns you what the hell could be happening to your very own child. Joe Sanders (deathwish_21@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In mid-90s Manhattan, the nihilistic Telly (Leo Fitzpatrick) is busy deflowering virgins. He doesn't just enjoy the sex and act of taking young girl's virginity though -- he believes that he can avoid STDs this way. After finishing with his latest conquest (Sarah Henderson), Telly bums around town with his friend Casper (Justin Pierce) looking for some kind of distraction . One of Telly's former sex partners, Jennie (Chlo Sevigny), and her friend Ruby (Rosario Dawson) receive mixed news at a public health clinic. The promiscuous Ruby is clean, but Jennie (who has only had sex once, with Telly) is HIV positive. The news devastates Jennie, who will spend much of the film searching for the wandering Telly. Telly & Casper have several adventures: buying weed in the park, shoplifting a "40" of malt liquor from a Korean Guy (Johnathan Staci Kim) of whom they make fun of, beating up a man who "disses" them, and finally winding up at a teen party that night. Eventually we find that Telly has seduced a thirteen year old girl, and is busy deflowering her. Jennie (who took a strange drug earlier) arrives and passes out on a couch. A drunken Casper takes advantage of the situation to rape Jennie, perpetuating the HIV cycle. The audience can hear Telly's voice-over explaining that without sex, his life has no purpose. The film finishes with Casper waking up the following morning and asking to no-one in particular, "Jesus Christ, what has happened?" 