nm0004788:

 Frasier (19932004)66) Dr. Frasier Crane moves back to his hometown of Seattle, where he lives with his father, and works as a radio psychiatrist. Dr. Frasier Crane, a successful Boston therapist, moves to Seattle to get a new start on life. He has a radio talk show, which he uses to relay his wit and wisdom to others, but at times he struggles with his own problems with his salt-of-the-earth father, his pretentious brother, and his friends and co-workers. Jwelch5742 Dr. Frasier Crane, a successful Boston therapist, moves to Seattle following his divorce to get a new start on life; he has a radio talk show, where he relays his wit and wisdom to aide callers, while dealing with a changed home life living with his salt-of-the-earth father Martin Crane (John Mahoney) and the senior Crane's physical therapist Daphne Moon (Jane Leeves). Frasier also reconnects with his sometimes uptight brother Niles Crane (David Hyde Pierce) and finds new friends among his colleagues, especially his brash show producer Roz Doyle (Peri Gilpin) After many years spent at the "Cheers" bar, Frasier (Kelsey Grammer) moves back home to Seattle after his policeman father Martin Crane (John Mahoney) gets shot in the hip on duty. After Martin struggles with living alone after the incident, he moves in with Frasier in his luxury apartment at the Elliot Bay Towers along with his dog Eddie (played by Moose and later Enzo). Hired by Frasier, Daphne Moon (Jane Leeves) also moves in as Martin's personal physiotherapist. Also living nearby is his younger brother Niles Crane (David Hyde Pierce), who is also a Psychiatrist. Eminent Boston psychiatrist Frasier Crane, last seen gracing the bars of Cheers (1982), has left his life there to start afresh in Seattle. He now has a spot as a popular radio psychiatrist, giving him the chance to spread words of wit and wisdom to the masses. He shares his apartment with his retired cop father, Martin, and his father's physical care assistant, Daphne Moon. Add in brother Niles, Eddie the dog, some bizarre situations and plenty of humor, and you have all of the ingredients for an excellent show, and worthy successor to Cheers (1982). Mark Harding <mah@imdb.com> Recently divorced psychiatrist Dr. Frasier Crane moves from Boston, Massachusetts to his home town of Seattle, Washington, where his ex-policeman father, Martin Crane, and his psychiatrist brother, Niles Crane, also live. He moves into an expensive apartment with his father and his father's newly appointed health care worker from England, Daphne Moon, on whom Niles had a big secret crush for six years until they started dating. Frasier also lands a job as a radio psychiatrist and makes very good friends with his newly appointed producer, Roz Doyle. Raffi It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Open House (19891990)Summaries This short-lived series focuses on Linda Phillips' real-estate office and her interaction with her co-workers, including her main rival Ted Nichols. In this short-lived sitcom, former studio executive Linda Phillips began bringing the same zeal pushing costly houses for Juan Verde Real Estate. Linda's husband Richard was a professional pianist at Jasper's, but departed from the hangout - and his wife - by mid-season. Separated from mystery writer Ben Coleman, Laura Kelly also quit catering and became an apprentice agent. Among Linda's eccentric co-workers were Ted Nichols, her main rival; Scott Babylon, a talented impressionist; Margo Van Meter, the sassy, man-hungry secretary; and Roger McSwain, the manager of Juan Verde Real Estate. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Full House (19871995)541) A widowed broadcaster raises his three daughters with assistance from his rock'n'roll brother-in-law and his madcap best friend. This is a story about sports-broadcaster-turned-morning-talk-show-host Danny Tanner and his three little girls, D.J. (Donna Jo), Stephanie, and Michelle Tanner. Before the show begins, Danny Tanner's wife is killed by a drunk driver, so he needs help raising his daughters. He asks his rock-musician brother-in-law Jesse Katsopolis and his comedian best friend Joey Gladstone to move in with them. As the show goes on, Jesse marries Rebecca Donaldson, Danny's talk-show co-host, and they have twin sons, Nicholas Katsopolis. Raffi Nazarian <gamk@yahoo.com> Danny, a widower talk-show host, has three daughters (D.J., Stephanie, and Michelle). Lucky for him, his brother-in-law Jesse, a true Elvis super-freak, and best friend Joey, a struggling comic, help him raise the girls. A sitcom about a really full house: by the last season, nine people and a dog live under the same roof. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> After Danny Tanner's wife Pam dies in a car accident, he raises his three daughters D.J., Stephanie, and Michelle with help from his comedian friend Joey Gladstone and Jesse Katsopolis, his rock-musician brother-in-law who later marries Rebecca Donaldson, with whom he has twins Nicky and Alex. Mike Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Needing help after his wife's sudden death, talk show host Danny Tanner (Bob Saget) calls on his Elvis obsessed, rock n' roll, brother in law, Jesse Katsopolis (John Stamos) and his childhood best friend, stand up comedian Joey Gladstone (Dave Coulier) to help him take care of his 3 daughters, D.J. (Candace Cameron Bure), Stephanie (Jodie Sweetin), and Michelle (Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen). This show follows the crazy everyday antics of the "full house". 
 The Magical World of Disney (19541997)Summaries A Disney-produced anthology covering many different genres. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 