nm0010475:

 Fastlane (20022003)Summaries Two hotshot undercover cops and their equally tough female handler take down the highest and lowest criminals in L.A. in this pop-culture-heavy, dark, flashy, over-the-top action crime dramedy inspired by Bad Boys and Miami Vice. Two mist-matched cops, the angry and bitter Van Ray, and the brash Deaqon Hayes, are forced to team up by a shady vixen police lieutenant, Billie Chambers, into going undercover in the seedy side of Los Angeles in using a variety of police confiscated flashy cars, clothes, weapons and other items, kept in a large secret warehouse called the Candy Store, in order to nail various low-lives and rich and powerful criminals. matt-282 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bring It on (2000)321) A champion high school cheerleading squad discovers its previous captain stole all their best routines from an inner-city school and must scramble to compete at this year's championships. The Toro cheerleading squad from Rancho Carne High School in San Diego has got spirit, spunk, sass and a killer routine that's sure to land them the national championship trophy for the sixth year in a row. But for newly-elected team captain Torrance, the Toros' road to total cheer glory takes a shady turn when she discovers that their perfectly-choreographed routines were in fact stolen from the Clovers, a hip-hop squad from East Compton, by the Toro's former captain. While the Toros scramble to come up with a new routine, the Clovers, led by squad captain Isis have their own problems - coming up with enough money to cover their travel expenses to the championships. With time running out and the pressure mounting, both captains drive their squads to the point of exhaustion: Torrance, hell bent on saving the Toros' reputation, and Isis more determined than ever to see that the Clovers finally get the recognition that they deserve. But only one team can bring home the title, so may the best moves win. <BriRyeMuls@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Torrance Shipman (Kirsten Dunst) anxiously dreams about her first day of senior year. Her boyfriend, Aaron (Richard Hillman), has left for college, and her cheerleading squad, the Toros, is aiming for a sixth consecutive national title. Team captain, "Big Red" (Lindsay Sloane), is graduating and Torrance is elected to take her place. Shortly after her election, however, a team member is injured and can no longer compete. Torrance replaces her with Missy Pantone (Eliza Dushku), an ill-tempered tomboy gymnast who recently transferred to the school with her twin brother, Cliff (Jesse Bradford). Torrance and Cliff develop a flirtatious friendship. After watching the Toros practice, Missy realizes the squad has been copying routines from a rival team that her previous high school competed against. She drives Torrance to Los Angeles, where they watch the East Compton Clovers perform routines that are virtually identical to their own team's. Isis (Gabrielle Union), the Clovers' team captain, angrily confronts the two. Torrance learns that "Big Red" regularly attended the Clovers' practices to videotape and steal their routines. Isis informs Torrance of her plans to defeat the Toros at the regional and national championships, which the team has never attended due to their economic hardship. When Torrance tells the Toros about the routines, the team still votes in favor of using the current routine to win; Torrance reluctantly agrees. At the Toros' next home game, Isis and her teammates show up and perform the Toro's routine in front of the whole school, humiliating them. The Toros realize that they have no choice but to learn a different routine. In desperation, they employ a professional choreographer named Sparky Polastri, which was suggested by Torrance's boyfriend, Aaron. At the Regionals, the team set to play before the Toros performs the exact routine they had been practicing. The Toros have no choice but to perform the very same routine. After the debacle that ensues, Torrance speaks to a competition official and is told the routine was given to several other teams in California. As the defending champions, the Toros are nevertheless granted their place at Finals, but Torrance is warned that a new routine will be expected. Torrance, crushed by her failure to lead the team successfully, considers quitting. Cliff encourages and supports her, intensifying their growing attraction. Aaron, however, suggests that she is not leadership material and recommends that she step down from her position. When Cliff sees Torrance and Aaron together, he angrily severs his friendship with Torrance. Although distressed, Torrance's confidence is renewed by Cliff's encouragement and she convinces her unhappy team to create an innovative, new routine instead. She breaks up with Aaron, realizing his infidelity and inability to be supportive, but Cliff still refuses to forgive her. Meanwhile, the Clovers are initially unable to compete at Nationals due to financial problems. This prompts Torrance to get her dad's company to sponsor the Clovers, but Isis rejects the money and gets her team to Nationals by appealing to a talk show host who grew up in their area. In the finals, the Toros take second place, while the Clovers win. However, at the end of the movie, Torrance and Isis find some respect in each other and Cliff and Torrance share a romantic kiss. 
 V.C. Andrews' Dollanganger Saga (2014 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Down with Love (2003)55) In 1962 New York City, love blossoms between a playboy journalist and a feminist advice author. A brightly-colored, light-hearted homage to the early-1960s sex comedies that starred Rock Hudson and Doris Day. The story follows a best-selling female advice author who has all the answers until a sly journalist playboy starts asking the questions. Natalie Knowles <NatSplat007@hotmail.com> "Down with love? Just eat some chocolate, forget the man, and take control of your own life." The time is the swinging '60s, and the world is being turned upside-down by the hit bestseller "Down with Love", which preaches to women that they don't need men to be happy. Playboy journalist Catcher Block (Ewan McGregor) is suddenly unable to pursue his many love affairs. Furious, he goes undercover to prove that the book's author, Barbara Novak (Rene Zellweger), can fall in love. But Barbara has her own plans, and soon her best friend and publicist and Catcher's boss are all wrapped up in romantic entanglements. Will Catcher succeed in humiliating Barbara in the eyes of the world? Will Barbara's publicist sniff out the truth before she can find her own happy ending? Or will Barbara finally fall "down with love" and take everybody else down with her? Whatever happens, nothing will ever be the same in this hilarious sex farce of mistaken identities, hidden agendas and, most of all, rollicking romance. BL In 1962 New York City, suave reporter Catcher Block (Ewan McGregor) always gets his story, the spotlight, and any dames he wants. He usually toys around his spineless boss Peter MacMannus (David Hyde-Pierce), but now he's challenged by Maine novice author Barbara Novak (Rene Zellweger), whose feminist book "Down with Love" preaches that women should enjoy no-strings sex like men and portrays him as the worst kind of man. Catcher promises to help Peter swing a date with Barbara's devoted but amateur editor Vikki Hiller (Sarah Paulson) while he masquerades as astronaut Major Zip Martin to seduce Novak straight back into the classical marital-home-focus. KGF Vissers Barbara Novak (Rene Zellweger) has just come down from Maine to New York City after writing a book called "Down With Love". The book instructs women to have sex the way a man does, and to detach oneself from love completely. Catcher Block (Ewan McGregor) is a successful journalist tapped to write a cover story on Novak. He blows her off at every opportunity to cuddle with flight attendants. But when Novak's book is a complete success, Catcher finds himself being blown off by her. So he starts to write an expos and disguises himself as a naive astronaut named Zip Martin. But he can't imagine what happens next. Ally It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 