nm0003103:

 Black Circle (2018)Summaries The lives of two sisters change dramatically, since they were hypnotized by a mystical vinyl record from the 1970s. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Faust 2.0 (2014)Summaries Softwares and apps are daily installed based on agreements we scroll past and accept. But what exactly do we accept? In Faust 2.0 we meet five individuals who unknowingly enters into a pact with unknown forces and whose lives are brought to a brutal turn when they use the mystical applications to achieve what they want - but instead get what they deserve. As the applications spread the pieces fall into place and a digital pandemic takes shape. Nicolas Debot It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Och vi blir tyngdlsa (2002 Video)Summaries 18 vignettes about the final moments of various Swedes before the end of the world. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ingen ska skada dig, inte ens jag (2017)Summaries Jonathan loses grip on reality when he goes to extreme lengths to protect his little sister Rebecca from the outside world after their parents' untimely death. When Jonathan's parents die in an accident he moves back to his childhood home to take care of his little sister Rebecca. Jonathan starts isolating himself in his new routine and quickly looses touch with the rest of the world. When Rebecca expresses her concerns for him he decides to invite his old group of friends over to show her that he's okay. What should have been a nice dinner ends in a murder and Jonathan decides to hide everything from Rebecca. He tries to keep living as usual but quickly loses touch with reality and starts believing Rebecca is in danger. He can't tell what is real anymore and everyone seems to want to hurt his little sister. The further his delusions go the more he starts to doubt whether or not the real threat against Rebecca is the rest of the world or himself. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 