nm0005125:

 Blade (1998)651) A half-vampire, half-mortal man becomes a protector of the mortal race, while slaying evil vampires. In a world where vampires walk the earth, Blade has a goal. His goal is to rid the world of all vampire evil. When Blade witnesses a vampire bite Dr. Karen Jenson, he fights away the beast and takes Jenson back to his hideout. Here, alongside Abraham Whistler, Blade attempts to help heal Jenson. The vampire Quinn who was attacked by Blade, reports back to his master Deacon Frost, who is planning a huge surprise for the human population. Film_Fan Imbued with the cursed gift of immortality, the invincible half-human/half-vampire hybrid, Blade, embarks on an endless mission to rid humankind of the blood-suckers that infest the Earth. Suppressing his feral thirst for human blood, the preternatural "Day-walker" crosses paths with the megalomaniac vampire, Deacon Frost, whose ambitious plans threaten to end the world as we know it. Now, Blade and his loyal mentor, Whistler, seem to have met their match. Can they put an end to Deacon's nightmarish scheme? Nick Riganas When Blade's mother was bitten by a vampire during pregnancy, she did not know that she gave her son a special gift while dying: All the good vampire attributes in combination with the best human skills. Blade grew up to be a vampire hunter for revenge on his mother's death. The vampires, who managed to infiltrate nearly every major organization, need Blade's very special blood to summon La Magra, the blood god, in order to reign over the human cattle, as they call us. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Blade, along with his life-long friend Whistler battle vampires. Blade was born of a mother bitten by a vampire, he possesses all their strengths and none of their weaknesses. He is known as the day walker because sunlight does not affect him. With the addition of a new ally, Dr. Karen Jenson, Blade endeavors to prevent the evil Frost from unleashing the blood god upon the world. FMJ_Joker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens in 1967 with a pregnant woman being admitted to a hospital, severely bleeding from the neck. Paramedics think she was attacked by some type of animal. Doctors perform an emergency C-Section, and her baby (a boy) is born alive just as she dies. Thirty years later a young man named Dennis (Kenny Johnson) is riding in a car with an attractive redhead named Racquel (Traci Lords) heading to an underground nightclub (located, oddly, in a slaughterhouse) somewhere in Los Angeles. After addressing the doorman in Russian, Racquel brings the young man into the club. The man is confused and trying to understand the rules of the club. Some of the regulars indifferently push him aside. Saying he needs a drink, the sprinkler suddenly system activates, raining blood down on everyone inside. It is then that he (and the audience) realizes that everyone in the club is a vampire. Dennis desperately tries to get away and winds up at the feet of a menacing figure in a black-leather trenchcoat. The vampires look on this figure with awe, mumbling the words: "it's the Daywalker!" This is our first look at Blade (Wesley Snipes), the vampire killer. Blade pulls out a shotgun and opens fire on the vampires, who instantly burn to ashes when killed. When the gun is knocked out of his hands by Racquel, Blade uses a set of silver stakes to kill Racquel and more vampires, including the disk jockey. Soon all the vamps are either dead or have fled except for one; a heavyset vamp named Quinn (Donal Logue), whom Blade has apparently run into before. Blade pins Quinn to the wall, and then sets him on fire before confronting the last member in the club (the human man from the beginning). Finding no vampire bite marks on Dennis, Blade lets him live and makes his escape as the police arrive. Quinn is extinguished and taken to the local hospital. A morgue technician, Curtis (Tim Guinee) examines his blood and shows the results to Dr. Karen Jenson (N'Bushe Wright), who finds a number of irregularities, including abnormally developed jaw muscles. As they are discussing the test results, Quinn bursts back to life and bites both doctors. Before he can finish Dr. Jenson, Blade shows up and saves her, cutting off one of Quinn's arms. Blade brings Karen, severely weakened and in shock, to his hideout and asks for help from his mentor, an older man named named Whistler (Kris Kristofferson). Whistler injects Dr. Jenson with a solution of garlic essence and silver nitrate and remarks that she has a 50/50 chance of recovering. Meanwhile, a group of vampires are discussing Blade's latest attack on their members. Apparently this club (and to an extent, Quinn) is the property of a vampire named Deacon Frost (Stephen Dorff). Frost wants the vampires to outright rule the humans and use them as a food source while the others (particularly an older vampire named Dragonetti) prefer to maintain a peaceful co-existance. Dragonetti (Udo Kier) in particular does not like Frost because Frost is not a "pure-blood" (ie: was not born a vampire, merely became one through the bite of another). Frost is also arrogant and his & the actions of his followers draw unnecessary attention to the vampire underworld. The next morning, Jenson awakens and wanders into Blade's chamber. She examines the sophisticated sword he carries and finds that the handle is booby-trapped. She then sees Whistler injecting Blade with some type of serum. She tries to run away but Whistler confronts her and tells her that he and Blade are hunting vampires. Karen of course is skeptical, but Whistler goes on to explain the weapons they used to hunt them - vampires are severely allergic to silver & garlic while also being vulnerable to sunlight (ultraviolet rays in particular). Whistler fuels up Blade's car and gives him a new UV flashlight to use when hunting that night. Whistler also gives Karen a type of "vampire mace" (garlic & silver nitrate in a small spray canister). Blade drops Karen off at her apartment and she tries to pack up and get out of town. A police officer, identifying himself as Officer Krieger (Kevin Patrick Walls), arrives and questions her about the events at the hospital last night, as a pretext for trying to attack her. Before he can kill her, Blade returns and subdues the policeman. Blade explains that this officer is a "familiar," (also called a "Renfield" or a "bug-eater") a human slave owned by a vampire. If he completes a series of tasks for a vampire, Krieger will be converted. Blade reveals a tattoo called a "glyph" on the back of the officer's neck and recognizes it as the mark of Deacon Frost. Blade lets Officer Krieger go free in the hopes of tracking him to another vampire club. Blade's hunch pays off and he and Karen arrive at a new underground club and have a confrontation with Pearl (Eric Edwards), a morbidly-obese vampire who works as a record keeper. Pearl confesses that Deacon Frost is researching ancient vampire prophecies... one in particular involving a ritual and a creature named "La Magra." Karen burns Pearl severely with Whistler's giant UV light and Blade steals part of Pearl's hard drive. Blade and Karen move further into the vampire archives and find the giant pages from "The Book of Erebus," the vampire Bible. They are suddenly ambushed by a group of vampires led by Quinn, now healed and having regrown his lost hand. Quinn tortures Blade for information (and for his own amusement) but realizes that Blade has a radio link in his ear. Whistler suddenly arrives (having been listening in the whole time), blowing a hole in the wall and opens fire on the vampires. The three heroes escape through the subway system, and Blade cuts off Quinn's other hand to get away. When he and Karen board a passing subway car, Blade steps back and injects himself with more serum. Karen suspects that Blade is actually a vampire himself, but Blade responds in the negative; he is something completely different. At a vampire club, Officer Krieger arrives where he reports to Frost about Blade and of his new alliance with the doctor, Karen. Frost is angry for letting Blade get away. Frost turns on Krieger, biting his throat and allowing his girlfriend, Mercury (Arly Jover) to join him. Back at the hideout, Whistler explains Blade's history to Karen: Blade was the baby seen in the opening scene; his mother was attacked by a vampire hours before he was born. She died but Blade lived and Whistler found him on the streets, feeding on homeless people. Due to the unique circumstances of his birth, Blade is a hybrid of human and vampire abilities; he can resist garlic and silver, can walk in open sunlight (hence the nickname "Daywalker" given by other vampires) and has enhanced strength and healing abilities just like other vampires, however he also has inherited the vampire's thirst for blood. Whistler developed a serum to curb Blade's cravings, but Blade's body is starting to resist it. Whistler also shares his own history: he was married with children and one night while they were all home, a vampire held Whistler and his family hostage. The vampire killed them all but left Whistler himself alive. Blade also confides in Karen that Whistler is suffering from the middle stages of cancer, but is refusing treatment in order to help in Blade's war against the vampires. Whistler also learns that his attempted cure of Karen was ineffective and that she is growing close to turning into a vampire. Karen refuses to give up, taking a few items from the hospital where she worked to try and find a cure for both her and Blade. The first item she brings (an anti-coagulant formula known as EDTA) is found to have a violent reaction when mixed with vampire blood, so she gives it to Blade for use as a weapon. Meanwhile, Quinn is at Frosts' headquarters, being berated for his second failure. Frost encourages Quinn to go back out and capture Blade alive. Quinn is confused by the order since his boss and all other vampires have been trying to kill Blade for a very long time. Afterward, Frost takes Mercury and his entourage of followers and abducts Dragonetti, taking him to a beach just before sunrise and forcibly ripping out the elder vampire's fangs. Frost's gang shields themselves with sunscreen, black clothing and motorcycle helmets, leaving Dragonetti to burn to death in the sun. Frost confronts the remaining elders of the Vampire Council, asking for 12 people to "volunteer" for his "La Magra" project. While Blade purchases more items for hunting, Whistler and Karen discuss her latest attempt at a cure. Karen is sure that the new formula will work on her, but is unsure what effects it might have on Blade since he was born with vampirism. The stronghold is attacked by Frost's followers and Karen is abducted while Whistler is brutally beaten by the vampires. Blade returns to find Whistler horribly injured and infected by the vampire bites. In an emotional scene, Blade assists Whistler in committing suicide before loading up to raid Frost's stronghold. Blade attacks the Frost compound and kills many of Frosts' followers, even trying the EDTA formula (which makes vampires swell up and explode in a shower of blood). Blade finally reaches the final room of Frost's hideout, where he is confronted by a lone woman who calls him "Eric." It is Blade's mother, reborn as a vampire to serve Frost. Frost ambushes Blade, taking him hostage while revealing that it was he himself who bit Blade's mother while she was pregnant. Blade and Karen are transported to another location, a temple where the ritual of La Magra can be performed. Despondent, Blade asks Karen if she has finished her "miracle cure." Karen says that the cure would presumably rob Blade of his strength and healing powers while neutralizing his thirst, effectively making Blade fully human. Karen and Blade are separated: Karen is dumped into a lower chamber where a berserker vampire has been kept. It is Curtis, who exists as a sort of mindless zombie. Karen battles with him briefly and manages to climb out of the pit. Blade and the 12 members of the Vampire Council are to be used as offerings for Frost's "La Magra" ritual. Blade is put into a large torture device, where most of his blood is extracted for the ritual. The 12 members of the Council are executed and their souls are absorbed by Frost, turning him into La Magra: the Blood God. Karen escapes using the mace previously given to her by Whistler, and frees Blade - now terribly weak. Knowing that there is only one way to get Blade healed in time, Karen requests that Blade feed on some of her blood. Blade resists at first, but finally seeing no other choice, bites Karen. Blade is revived, stronger than ever. Blade's mother suddenly appears and fights Blade, ultimately being stabbed in the heart with a bone. Blade fights his way through the remaining vampire guards, reclaiming his trademark sword and decapitating Quinn to reclaim his sunglasses. Blade then takes on the vampire guards in marital-arts fashion, defeating them all. Mercury attempts to kill Karen who opens fire with a shotgun containing silver buckshot, but Mercury is too fast and knocks the gun out of Karen's hands and easily bests her in hand-to-hand combat. Karen finally kills Mercury by using the garlic mace, spraying Mercury in her mouth just as she is about to bite Karen. Mercury's head explodes in a gory mass of blood and brains. Blade and Frost/La Magra fight, effectively clashing swords. Blade cuts off La Magra's arm and slices him in half, but the Blood God merely regenerates without any effort. La Magra taunts Blade, mentioning the "serum" that Blade is so dependent on. Blade realizes that La Magra is actually referring to the EDTA vials that Blade brought on the hunt. He grabs the packet of vials and throws every one into Frost, who swells up and explodes in a massive shower of blood. Karen and Blade exit the ruins. Blade finally declines the cure, deciding that even with Frost gone there are many other vampires out there and he needs the additional skills. Blade asks Karen to make him a more efficient serum, and she agrees. The movie ends with Blade resuming his hunt for vampires in a Russian-speaking country. 
 Love & Basketball (2000)Summaries Monica and Quincy love and play basketball together through many life challenges from childhood to adulthood. In 1981 in L.A., Monica moves in next door to Quincy. They're 11, and both want to play in the NBA, just like Quincy's dad. Their love-hate relationship lasts into high school, with Monica's edge and Quincy's top-dog attitude separating them, except when Quincy's parents argue and he climbs through Monica's window to sleep on the floor. As high school ends, they come together as a couple, but within a year, with both of them playing ball at USC, Quincy's relationship with his father takes an ugly turn, and it leads to a break up with Monica. Some years later, their pro careers at a crossroads, they meet again. It's time for a final game of one-on-one with high stakes. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Alien vs. Predator (2004)651) During an archaeological expedition on Bouvetya Island in Antarctica, a team of archaeologists and other scientists find themselves caught up in a battle between the two legends. Soon, the team realize that only one species can win. When a private satellite encounters an unidentified source of heat in Antarctica and it is found to be a pyramid buried deep underground , a search team comprising of top-of-the-line archaeologists and engineers is sent to Antarctica to find out more . Once there , the team comes across signs which indicate that the place is inhabited by an unknown alien species . It is not long before the aliens begin to hunt the team members . At the same time , a trio of coming-of-age Predators have arrived to collect the skulls of the aliens as trophies , and the humans are caught between a deadly battle between the two warring species . Soumitra After detecting heat emanating from an ancient pyramid buried deep within the ice caps of Antarctica, the billionaire industrialist, Charles Bishop Weyland, and his team of scientists arrive on the icy continent. At first, this unexpected discovery fascinates them; however, once inside the complex network of cavernous, technologically advanced chambers, the intruders will soon come to realise that this intricate pyramid is not the work of the human intellect. Suddenly, the walls start to move, trapping the explorers. Now, as three young and armed-to-the-teeth Predators enter the dark temple of adjudication for their rite of passage, aggressive endoparasitoid Xenomorphs, or Aliens, start flocking into the ancient structure, and the humans become caught in the middle. Who shall live and who shall die in the ultimate battle between Aliens and Predators? Nick Riganas An expedition of archaeologists on Earth discover an Aztec temple hidden under the Antarctic circle, housing a host of Alien creatures. A group of coming-of-age Predators have also come to the temple, as it has long been a training ground for their race. From there on, it's Aliens vs. Predators, with the humans caught in the middle. Mof Set in the early 21st century on Earth, Charles Weyland, an industrialist billionaire, leads an archaeological expedition in Antartica. Using thermal imaging satellites, Weyland believes to have discovered the ruins of an ancient pyramid temple that predates the Egyptian and Aztec pyramids buried under the ice. Once inside, the team finds the remains of humans with holes in the rib cage and the remains of facehuggers, meaning that the possibility of the temple being uninhabited is very unlikely. To make matters worse, a group of teenage Predators are coming to the temple to perform a coming-of-age ritual that involves fighting to the death with the aliens. Soon, it becomes clear that only one species is getting out alive. Harpster_2004 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The events of Alien vs. Predator are set in 2004 on Earth. As a Predator spacecraft nears the planet, Earth satellites detect a mysterious heat bloom beneath the ice of the island Bouvetya near Antarctica. Billionaire Charles Bishop Weyland assembles a team of scientists to investigate the heat source and claim it for his multinational communications company Weyland Industries (foreshadowing the Weyland-Yutani Corporation of the Alien film series).The team includes paleontologists, archaeologists, linguistic experts, drillers, mercenaries and a "rough and tumble" female guide named Alexa "Lex" Woods, Weyland himself, and a down in luck archaeologist Sebastian. Wayland's tell the team that through 3-D construction of the heat bloom shows a pyramid with traits of nearly every pyramid culture. Lex states that it would take three weeks to train everyone properly,when Weyland refuse this she attempts to leave, but Sebastian persuades her to stay. As the Predator ship reaches Earth orbit, it blasts a shaft down through the ice towards the source of the heat bloom. When the human team arrives at the site above the heat source, an abandoned whaling station, they find the shaft and descend beneath the ice. There they discover the pyramid and begin to explore it, finding evidence of a civilization predating written history and what appears to be a "sacrificial chamber" filled with human skeletons with ruptured rib cages. Unknown to the humans, their entrance has caused an Alien queen to awaken from cryogenic stasis, bound in chains and is tortured to begin producing eggs. The team then proceeds to a lower level where they discover a sarcophagus with an Aztec calendar combination lock set for 1904 (the year in which the whaling station was abandoned). Sebastian sets the lock for the current date and it opens revealing three Predator plasma cannons. Meanwhile, three Predator warriors (Chopper, Scar and Celtic) land and kill off the humans at the surface, making their way down to the pyramid and arriving just as the team removes the weapons from the casket unwittingly causing several humans become trapped in the "sacrificial chamber". Alien eggs emerged from trap doors and quickly hatch into facehuggers attaching themselves to the humans. Chestbursters soon emerge from the humans and quickly grow into adult Aliens. The screams of their colleges attract the attention of Lex's party and they then attempt to exit the pyramid. They are soon attacked by the three Predator (who are after their stolen cannons) and several of them are killed. Suddenly the pyramid corridor shifts given the Aztec calendar happens every ten minutes, separating them from each other and turning it into a maze. Lex, Sebastian and Weyland, and one of the mercenaries managed to escape the maze, the rest are captured by the Aliens. Suddenly, the Predators emerge killing the surviving mercenaries and corning the remain three humans. One alien emerges and quickly kills one of the Predators (Chopper). The second Predator (Celtic) battles the creature while Lex and the others escape. The Predator puts up a good fight cutting off its tail, surviving its acid blood and trapping it in a self tightening net causing it serious injuries, but it manages to kill the Predator with its inner mouth. Lex and the other still attempt to escape, but are pursued by the lone Predator (Scar). Weyland attempts to hold it off, but is easily overpowered, Scar uses his helmet to see inside Weyland's body and sees that he's terminally ill with advanced lung cancer. The Predator spares him and attempts to chase after Lex and Sebastian, Weyland uses his inhaler and a flare to try and set it on fire. Unfazed and enraged the Predator kills him with his wrist blades. Lex and Sebastian manage to get away in a sealed chamber, while Scar kills a facehugger and Alien. Through a hole in the wall Lex and Sebastian witness it removing its helmet and marking it's face and helmet with the Alien's acidic blood. Sebastian figures outs the story. They look away just before Scar is impregnated by a facehugger. Through translation of the pyramids hieroglyphs, the explorers learn that the Predators are a "warrior race" that have been visiting Earth for thousands of years. It was they who taught early human civilizations (the Sumerians, Egyptians, Mayans, Thai, Khmer, among others) to build pyramids and they were worshiped as gods by the humans. Every century, they would visit Earth to take part in a rite of passage in which several humans would sacrifice themselves as hosts for the Aliens (called serpents), creating the "ultimate prey" for the Predators to hunt. If overwhelmed, the Predators would activate their self-destruct nuclear weapons to eliminate the Aliens along with themselves, and destroying the civilizations in the process. They deduce that this is why the current Predators are here, to hunt the Aliens again. The survivors further reason that the heat bloom from the pyramid was given off to attract humans for the purposes of making new aliens to hunt and the items from the casket were their weapons. Lex decides to find the Predator and return the weapons to him,Sebastian hesitates, but realizes the Predators must be allowed to succeed in their hunt so that the Aliens do not spread to the rest of Earth. Lex and Sebastian attempt to search the Predator but are attacked by an Alien chasing them to a collapsed bridge. Sebastian jumps across successfully, but Lex lands on loose stones and is saved by Sebastian who manages to pull her up before being snatch by the Aliens. Lex runs from the site and is confronted by Scar. He's about to strike, but Lex stops him and returns his weapon. Suddenly another Alien attacks, knocking down the Predator and attack Lex, but she uses the Predators spear weapon to impale and kill it. Scar then uses the energy weapon to gun down a swarm of incoming Aliens, they retreat when the Queen calls for them. Lex and the Predator ally with each other with Scar making Lex a spear from the killed Aliens tail and a shield from its skull which is impervious to the acidic blood. Meanwhile the Alien queen has summoned the other Aliens who proceed to cut her, spilling her blood on her chains and corroding them. Meanwhile Lex and the Predator enter a chamber covered in Aliens' secreted resin, the bodies of the mercenaries and full of Alien eggs. Lex find Sebastian, but hes already been implanted with an embryo, and begs Lex to kill him before it emerges. Lex reluctantly complies shooting him right before the chestburster emerges. One leaps at Scar, who grabs it in mid-air and kills it by snapping its neck. By this time the Queen is freed from her bound, detaches her egg-sack and begins to charge through pyramid intend to reach the surface. Scar senses its approach and uses its helmet to see every egg in the room is about to hatch and follow the Queen. The Predator detaches and activates hes self-destruct device to destroy the pyramid, he and Lex run out of the pyramid, and are pursued by the Aliens who proceed to attack and wound Scar's arm. Lex however activates the lift to the surface and they ride to the surface before the bomb goes destroying the pyramid and the Aliens. Lex and the Predator then escape the collapsing of the whaling station caused by the blast. As a sign of trust Scar removes his helmet and Lex allows him to mark her with his clan symbol on her cheek. Suddenly the Alien queen emerges from the ice and attacks them. Scar fires a series of needles and uses a throwing disc to cut its neck and head, but it knocks him down with its tail. Lex then stabs it with her spear sending it into a burning shack. The queen, enraged proceeds to chase Lex through the stations whale bone graveyard to the edge of cliff trapping her under a water tower. Scar returns and frees Lex, then noticing the broken chains are still attached to the queen proceed to tie it to the water tower. The tower however snags at the last minute and the queen proceeds to stab the Predator with its tail, before it can land a killing blow, Lex frees the tower sending it and the queen to the ocean floor. Scar though dies from his wounds A Predator ship suddenly de-cloaks and several Predator warriors appear. They collect their fallen comrade and their leader (possibly their Clan Leader) wearing a cape and full body armor covered in trophies and a spear weapon resembling a trident, recognizes Lex as now one of their own after seeing the symbol on her right cheek, honors her by giving her his spear. As they retreat into space, a chestburster erupts from the dead Predator. It appears to be an Alien/Predator hybrid, as it has the characteristic jaw mandibles of both species. 
 Something New (I) (2006)Summaries Kenya McQueen, an accountant finds love in the most unexpected place when she agrees to go on a blind date with Brian Kelly, a sexy and free-spirited landscaper. Kenya McQueen is a successful African-American CPA, working her way to the top of the corporate ladder -- but her life has become all work and no play. Urged on by her friends to try something new and to let go of her dream of the "ideal black man," she accepts a blind date with an architectural landscaper named Brian, only to cut the date short upon first sight, because Brian is white. The two meet again at a party, and Kenya hires Brian to landscape her new home. Over time, they hit it off, but Kenya's reservations about the acceptance their romance will find among her friends and family threatens everything. An intelligent romantic comedy that chooses to deal with issues of race and perception in a straight-forward way, from a point of view not often seen: that of a successful, upper-class black woman. jennkepka Finding love where it's least expected. If love is an adventure, it's one yet to be embarked upon by Kenya Denise McQueen. A beautiful L.A. career woman, Kenya works as a senior manager at a prestigious accounting firm, and is on the verge of making partner. But she has yet to find her own partner and a fulfilling personal life. It's not that she's stopped looking; her (mental) checklist is at the ready. After another Valentine's Day spent working late, Kenya agrees to a blind date with Brian Kelly, a sexy and free-spirited landscape architect who turns out to be not exactly what she'd pictured for herself. Then again, she does need the yard of her new house fixed up... Her girlfriends Cheryl, Suzzette, and Nedra are there for her with advice, while Cheryl's new beau Walter shares a male perspective with Brian. Kenya's socially prominent parents Joyce and Edmond and womanizing younger brother Nelson also voice their own opinions. But it's when her perfect match, Mark, enters the picture that Kenya is truly thrown into confusion. Ultimately, Kenya has to decide for herself and follow her heart - no matter where it takes her. Focus Features It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 