nm0004579:

 Dhill (2001)Summaries A young police aspirant gets into an altercation with a corrupt cop, who then proceeds to ruin his life and career prospects. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Thavasi (2001)Summaries A noble and just man makes the ultimate sacrifice after he imposes an unjust sentence on a male from a poor family. Noble and just Thavasi decides to get his son, Bhupathi, married to pretty Priyadarshini much to the chagrin of Sankarapandi, who wanted this alliance with his daughter, Nandini. When the Mandir's jewelery gets stolen, the evidence and motive points to Thangarasu; Thavasi accordingly pronounces him guilty, and the next day Thangarasu allegedly kills himself. During the wedding ceremony of Bhupathi and Priyadarshini, new evidence surfaces that Thangarasu was not involved in the theft, and his devastated mother, Maragathammal, aided by Sankarapandi, decide to put Thavasi to make an ultimate sacrifice that will change everyone's lives forever. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mozhi (2007)Summaries A musician's love towards a stubborn deaf woman makes her eventually realize that there is more to her life than she previously thought. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dhool (2003)Summaries Arumugam lands in the city to protest to a minister about water pollution in his village. Here, he gets involved in a battle against corrupt politicians and rowdies, who leave him practically dead. Arumugham (Vikram) is an uneducated, good hearted, helpful village hick. Easwari (Jyothika) is his childhood friend. A chemical factory in the village pollutes the local river and when all attempts to stop the factory waste from going to the drinking water falls flat, the villagers decide to send Arumugham to Chennai and meet the concerned minister who has won from their constituency. He sets out for the city with Easwari and her grandmother and they stay with Arumugham's friend (Vivek) and gang. Swapna (Reema Sen) is a model who stays in the same area and she lusts after Arumugham. They meet the Minister (Sayaji Shinde) who is extremely nice to them and promises to help them. Soon Arumugham is forced by circumstances to fight against an anti-social gang with a lady boss. An honest police officer (Manoj.K.Jayan) tries to collect evidence against the criminal gang. When Arumugham realizes that the bad guys are the henchmen of the same Minister who is behind all the crimes, ! RC It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 