nm0009516:

 Tainted Shield: ChicagoSummaries Chicago has been the hub for some of the most heinous crimes in history. Drug and Human trafficking, Sex slavery and Murder are just the tip of the iceberg. Unravel the stories and how corruption cost good cops their reputations and lives. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Perfect ChaosSummaries A struggling advertising agent is given thirty days to sign a high profile client or face the consequences. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rock Star (2001)431) Lead singer of a tribute band becomes lead singer of the real band he idolizes. Chris Cole was born to rock. His longtime girlfriend Emily believes his talent could take him all the way - but Chris worships at the altar of Bobby Beers, the fiery frontman for heavy metal legends Steel Dragon. By day, Chris still lives at home with his parents and spends his days repairing copy machines. But when Chris takes the stage, fronting Pennsylvania's premiere Steel Dragon tribute band, all of that disappears. Chris Cole is Bobby Beers - mesmerizing audiences with his perfect imitation of Beers' electrifying vocals. The night his bandmates boot him out of the group, Chris is devastated - until an unexpected phone call changes his life forever: He, Chris Cole, has been tapped to replace Bobby Beers as the lead singer of Steel Dragon. In an instant, Chris rockets to the dizzying heights of sudden stardom, rising from devotee to icon, from rock fan to rock god - the wanna-be who got to be. So what happens when an average guy gets everything he wants - and discovers it's not enough? Sujit R. Varma Rock Star is based on Tim "Ripper" Owens, who initially was in a Judas Priest cover band. He then left to join the real Judas Priest. Gene Zebroski Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens with a rock musician and singer, Chris Cole, being interviewed. He recalls his early days in music, when he lived in Pittsburgh and was the lead singer of a band called Blood Pollution, a cover/tribute act that performed songs by an infamous heavy metal band called Steel Dragon. While a member of Blood Pollution, Chris was also a singer in a local church choir and had a pretty girlfriend, Emily Poule, who managed his band. Chris also worked as a photocopier technician. Chris and his compatriots go to a Steel Dragon concert. In the parking lot they paper every car in sight with flyers for their next gig. At the show, Chris and his friends have stage-side seats. They are refused backstage passes by the bands live manager, Mats. During the performance, Chris mildly annoys Dragon's lead singer, Bobby Beers, by singing along with the songs as well or better and louder than Beers himself. Following the show, Chris and his bandmates return to their car and find a flyer for their rivals, another Steel Dragon tribute band called Black Babylon. The members of Black Babylon have callously replaced Blood Pollution's flyers on every car. The two bands face off in the parking lot and fight after trading insults. At a Blood Pollution practice session (which they hold in the basement of a porn theatre), Chris and his guitarist, Rob Malcolm, argue over the manner with which they'll play a Steel Dragon song live. Chris obsesses over a specific guitar riff and Rob can't understand why. The band plays a gig in a steel foundry. The show goes well until Chris notices that Rob is once again defying the singer's wishes and reinterprets a guitar part. After an initial warning from Chris, Rob begins to solo wildly in defiance. Chris casually picks up a microphone stand and smashes Rob's amplifier head, disabling it. Rob tackles Chris onstage and the two fight. Emily, at the soundboard, calls it a night and encourages the audience to buy the band's merchandise on the way out. A few nights later Chris shows up for band practice and sees that his fellow members have invited Bradley, lead vocalist for Black Babylon, to the session. Bradley has also brought updated equipment. Rob tries to explain his side, saying that Chris has become impossible to work with due to his obsession with playing only Steel Dragon songs and his demanding perfectionism while playing them live. Chris also refuses to write his own material and accept any of the band's original compositions as well. Chris becomes furious and leaves, saying he'll never return to the band. When Rob asks Emily to stay on as their manager, she refuses and leaves as well. In the car outside, Chris discusses the incident with Emily, who tells him something better will come along. The next day Chris receives a phone call from Kirk Cuddy, guitarist and founding member of Steel Dragon. Chris is incredulous at first, even hanging up on Kirk. Kirk patiently calls back and is able to convince Chris of his identity and even plays a clip of Chris singing at a recent gig over the phone. The video of the gig was given to Cuddy by two of Blood Pollution's groupies. Kirk tells Chris to come to Los Angeles and meet him. Chris goes to LA with Emily. They are met by Kirk's personal assistant, Tania, who takes them to Kirk's mansion. Chris and Emily meet the band and Kirk offers Chris a chance to audition for the lead singer spot in the band. At that moment, Bobby Beers bursts into the studio and begins an argument with Cuddy. Cuddy points out that Beers missed most of the shows on the last tour and has missed several recording sessions. Beers, in a moment of dramatic revelation that shocks Chris, argues that he's being thrown out of the band for being gay. Eventually, Beers storms out of the studio after removing a wig revealing his real hair is short. Chris sings one of Dragon's songs, has a few false starts and watches the band confer inside the control room. After a few moments, he's offered the position. He adopts the stage name "Izzy." During his first show with the band, Chris quickly wins the respect of the crowd, opening with "Blood Pollution" one of Chris' favorites & a song the band hasn't played in a decade. Chris takes a nasty spill while descending the stage's elaborate staircase, however, he continues to perform admirably. At the wild party thrown after the show, Tania seduces both Chris and Emily. Chris discovers the next morning that Tania is a transvestite. When the band packs up to travel to their next gig, Emily isn't allowed to travel with Chris on the tour bus and is relegated to riding with the band members' girlfriends and wives in a limousine. As they trail the bus, the girls tell Emily that the band often cavorts with groupies on the bus. Emily holds her opinion that Chris would never betray her and the girls scoff. One goes to so far as to say that she has a special relationship with her husband's accountant. The tour goes on for the larger part of a year. Chris, newly introduced to the rock icon lifestyle, spends a large amount of money on drugs, cars and other excesses. Tired of following Chris all over America, Emily leaves and heads home, upset that Chris spends too much time partying with the band and not as much time devoted to their relationship. She agrees to meet him in Seattle. When she arrives there, she meets Chris, who is too drunk to know where he is. Emily tells him she's going to stay in Seattle and open a cafe with a friend of hers and that her relationship with Chris is over. When the tour finally ends, the band goes on hiatus. Six months later Chris shows up for a new recording session at Kirk's house. When he shows the band a concept sketch for their next album cover as well as some new songs, Kirk takes an arrogant stance, telling Chris that he and their other guitarist, A.C., are the only songwriters. Chris is puzzled and Kirk goes further, saying that they'd hired Chris merely to sing, not to be a part of the creative force of the band. Chris is stunned and during the vocal recording of a new song, defiantly sings it as if it were a rap tune. Kirk admonishes him and the recording session goes on with Chris singing the song properly. Chris later meets Mats in a bar and reflects on how the same manner of obsessive behavior he'd shown toward Rob and Blood Pollution was now being visited upon himself. Steel Dragon goes out on tour again to support the new album. Chris, feeling he's been duped, only puts out a half-hearted effort at most shows. One night, while performing, Chris notices a fan singing along with him, a reflection on how he'd sang along with Bobby Beers. Chris invites the fan to join him on stage and asks him if he'd like to finish the show; the young man enthusiastically accepts and Chris walks off stage, the rest of the band and the crowd hardly noticing. He says goodbye to Mats and leaves. A few years later, Chris has traveled to Seattle and has reinvented himself as an alternative rock musician. He reunites with Rob and the two form a new group, playing smaller shows in bars and coffeehouses. Emily has also moved to Seattle and opened the coffeehouse she'd talked about with an old friend. While walking in the street, she spots a flyer for one of Chris shows. She goes to it and he spots her from the stage. He walks over to her and kisses her and the two reconcile. Over the closing credits, we see that Steel Dragon's popularity has dropped off considerably with the advent of the Seattle Sound in music. Bobby Beers has also reinvented himself; as a Celtic dancer. 
 Man on the Moon (1999)431) The life and career of legendary comedian Andy Kaufman . A biographical film on the late comedian Andy Kaufman . Kaufman, along with his role on Taxi (1978) , was famous for being the self-declared Intergender Wrestling Champion of the world. After beating women time and time again, Jerry Lawler (who plays himself in the movie), a professional wrestler, got tired of seeing all of this and decided to challenge Kaufman to a match. In most of the matches the two had, Lawler prevailed with the piledriver, which is a move by spiking an opponent head-first into the mat. One of the most famous moments in this feud was in the early 80s when Kaufman threw coffee on Lawler on [error], got into fisticuffs with Lawler, and proceeded to sue NBC. Eli Boorstein <uahp@rocketmail.com> A biopic based on the life of Andy Kaufman , an eccentric comedian who went onto enjoy a career as lovable foreign car mechanic Latka Gravas on TV's Taxi (1978) , and later gained infamy as an inter-gender wrestling champ. The film studies some of Kaufman's comedy antics as well as his personal life and his relationship with his manager George Shapiro , his best friend/partner Bob Zmuda and his girlfriend Lynne Margulies . Mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the beginning, Kaufman's foreign man comes on saying (due to massive editing) it is the end of the film and plays a record alongside the end credits before walking off. Kaufman then comes back on in his normal voice saying he "Had to get rid of the people who don't understand me, and don't want to try". He then proceeds to show the actual movie on a film projector starting with his childhood home, in Long Island, New York 1957. Flashing forwards to New York City, 1973, Andy Kaufman (Jim Carrey) is a struggling performer whose act fails in nightclubs because, while the audience wants comedy, he sings childrens songs and overuses his "foreign man" character. Just as it becomes clear that Kaufman may have no real talent, he puts on a rhinestone jacket and does a dead-on Elvis impersonation and song. The audience bursts into applause, realizing Kaufman had tricked them making his big Elvis payoff all the more enjoyable. This is the first of many times we see Kaufman trick the audience, as "fooling the audience" is his performance style. His autistic, eccentric style catches the eye of talent agent George Shapiro (Danny DeVito), who signs him as a client and immediately gets Kaufman on a new sitcom, 'Taxi' in 1975, much to the dismay of sitcom-hating Kaufman. Because of the money, visibility, and chance to do his own television special, Kaufman acts on Taxi, but secretly hates it and works a second menial job as a restaurant busboy. Around this time, he gains popularity by making successful guest appearances on the new show 'Saturday Night Live'. At a nightclub, Shapiro witnesses a performance from a rude, loud-mouthed lounge singer named Tony Clifton, whom Andy wants to guest-star several times on Taxi on his terms, and whose bad attitude is matched by his horrible appearance and demeanor. When Clifton meets Shapiro privately, Clifton takes off his sunglasses and we see that he is actually Kaufman. Clifton is a villain character created by Kaufman and his creative partner, Bob Zmuda (Paul Giamatti), both of whom portray the character onstage at different times. Once again, the gag is on the audience. In 1980, Kaufman begins to have problems with his newfound fame. When he travels to college campuses, he wants to perform as he did in nightclubs, but the crowds dislike his strange sense of humor and simply want to see his more famous characters, such as Latka Gravas from Taxi and the Mighty Mouse singer from SNL. Frustrated by his dislike for Taxi, Kaufman appears on the set as Clifton and proceeds to cause chaos until he is removed from the studio lot. Kaufman relates to Shapiro that he never knows exactly how to entertain an audience ("short of faking my own death or setting the theater on fire"), so he does as he pleases. With the help of Zmuda, Kaufman decides he wants to be a professional wrestler but to increase the villain angle, he decides to wrestle only women and berate them after winning, declaring himself "Inter-Gender Wrestling Champion." He becomes smitten with one woman he wrestles, Lynne Margulies (Courtney Love). Continuing his villain wrestling character, Kaufman is despised by much of America, as he enjoys getting a rise out of everyone but fails to see that this affects his popularity (as the world fails to see he is simply playing a character, and not just being himself). Professional male wrestler Jerry "The King" Lawler challenges Kaufman to a "real" wrestling match, which Kaufman accepts. Lawler easily overpowers and seriously injures Kaufman, resulting in a major neck injury for Kaufman. When Lawler and an injured Kaufman appear on NBC's Late Night With David Letterman, Lawler attacks Kaufman again, and Kaufman spews out a vicious tirade of epithets. Once again, the joke is on the audience, as Lawler and Kaufman are revealed to be friends, and in on everything together. Unfortunately, Andy pays the price for this when he is voted off Saturday Night Live by television audience members. In 1983, Andy and Lynne move into a new house, and George calls to inform them that Taxi had been canceled, to the indifference of Kaufman. A few minutes later, Andy feels a boil on the back of his neck that is later revealed to be a cyst. In November, after gathering a meeting with his friends and family, Kaufman reveals that he has a rare form of lung cancer and may die soon. Many friends and family members refuse to believe this, thinking it another Kaufman stunt (and Zmuda actually believes a fake death would be a fantastic prank). By early 1984, Kaufman, aware that he may not have much time left, gets a booking at Carnegie Hall, his dream venue. The performance is a memorable success, and it culminates with Kaufman inviting the entire audience out for milk and cookies. Kaufmans health quickly deteriorates, and, out of options, he heads to the Philippines to seek a medical miracle (actually psychic surgery), where doctors supposedly pull out infected organs in the body. Kaufman immediately recognizes it as a scam similar to his own type of performance art, and the realization makes him laugh hysterically as the joke is on him for once. After returning to Los Angeles, Kaufman dies a few months later from the cancer at age 35. One year later, in 1985, Tony Clifton appears at Andy Kaufman's memorial tribute at The Comedy Store's main stage performing, "I Will Survive". The camera pans over the crowd and reveals Zmuda in the audience, hinting that maybe Kaufman's death was actually fake, and he is still alive somewhere. The film ends with a neon portrait of Kaufman among such comedy legends as the late Groucho Marx and Laurel and Hardy. 