nm0009002:

 Elysium (I) (2013)761) In the year 2154, the very wealthy live on a man-made space station while the rest of the population resides on a ruined Earth. A man takes on a mission that could bring equality to the polarized worlds. In the year 2154, two classes of people exist: the very wealthy, who live on a pristine man-made space station called Elysium, and the rest, who live on an overpopulated, ruined Earth. Secretary Delacourt, a government official, will stop at nothing to enforce anti-immigration laws and preserve the luxurious lifestyle of the citizens of Elysium. That doesn't stop the people of Earth from trying to get in by any means they can. When unlucky Max is backed into a corner, he agrees to take on a daunting mission that, if successful, will not only save his life but could bring equality to these polarized worlds. Production In 2154, the population is divided in two social classes: the wealthy people live in Elysium, a space station with all the resources; the poor people live on the exhausted Earth. In Los Angeles, the former car thief Max da Costa is on parole and works in an unhealthy factory Armadyne managed by the CEO John Carlyle. He dreams of saving money to travel to Elysium. Meanwhile the Secretary of Defense of Elysium, Delacourt, plots a coup d'etat against President Patel, with the support of Carlyle. He programs a software that can override Elysium's data system and make any change, including the president's name to Delacourt. Carlyle uploads the software to his brain to increase its protection. Max is exposed to a lethal amount of radiation in Armadyne and has only five more days of life. He seeks out the criminal Spider expecting to travel to Elysium, where he can use a medical chamber called Med-bay that is capable to heal any disease and save his life. Spider tells that if Max steals profitable information, such as bank accounts, from the brain of Carlyle that is on Earth. Max accepts the proposal without knowing the powerful knowledge in Carlyle's brain. When Delacourt learns that the information she needs to become president was stolen from Carlyle brain, she sends the notorious agent Kruger to hunt down Max and recover the software at any cost. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the future Earth is over populated and so polluted that the wealthy and powerful create a new place to live. It's called Elysium and it's just within Earth's orbit. and they have all sorts of conveniences among them is a machine can heal anyone. So people on Earth who want to use it try to get there. But the Secretary of Defense Delacourt uses unsanctioned operatives like a man named Kruger to keep them off Elysium. Her latest attempt to keep people off Alysium catches the ire of the President who tells her to tone down her attitude and to stop using men like Kruger. Delacourt then approaches Carlyle, the head of Armadyne Corp, the company that built Elysium and all of what they use up there and asks him to make a program that would allow her to remove the President and put someone else in his position. He agrees to do it. On Earth, Max a man who has dreamed of going to Elysium and taking Frey, a girl he grew up with there. Max works for Armadyne and while at work Max is exposed to radiation and has days to live and needs to go to Elysium to use the machine. So he approaches Spider the man who gets people to Elysium for a price. But since Max can't pay him, he makes Max a proposition, he will get him there if Max gets some information out of the head of Armadyne's head. Max agrees and is fitted with an exo-skeleton to help him. They intercept Carlyle as he was leaving for Elysium to deliver the program to Delacout and get the information out of him. Delacourt would send Kruger to save Carlyle but is killed in the crossfire. Delacourt tells Kruger to get Max because he has the program in his head. And Kruger decides to get Max through Frey. When Spider sees the program he tells Max this could change the whole system but Max wants to help Frey first. rcs0411@yahoo.com The year is 2154, and the division between social classes has grown wider than ever before. As the rich enjoy a life of luxury and access to cutting-edge medical technology on Elysium, the rest of the human race contend with poverty, crime, and disease on the surface of planet Earth. Meanwhile, hard-line immigration laws ensure that only those who have been explicitly approved will ever set foot on the elusive paradise in the stars. 36-year-old Max (Matt Damon) lives in an L.A. shantytown and earns his living by working on an Armadyne assembly line. He's had a rough past, but he's struggling to stay on the right side of the law when he realizes that his only hope for survival after being exposed to deadly radiation is to reach Elysium. Should Max succeed, he will strike a major blow for equality in the eyes of his fellow surface dwellers; should he fail, it will mean certain death. In his quest to become the hero who can restore the balance between the rich and the poor, however, Max must first do battle with Elysium's hawkish Secretary of Defense Delacourt (Jodie Foster), who has devoted her entire career to maintaining that division, and whose key enforcer Kruger (Sharlto Copley) is notorious for his brutal tactics in driving out illegals. With the fates of millions hanging in the balance, Max sets his sights on Elysium and never looks back.. Orbiting an exhausted and toxic twenty-second-century Earth, the technologically advanced satellite haven called "Elysium" gives shelter to the world's extremely rich and powerful, providing seclusion from the poor ones who are left behind. However, when the former criminal, Max, sustains a lethal dose of radiation leaving him with only five days to live, the condemned man decides to get there to cure himself, even though others' previous attempts ended up in instant disaster. Between life or death, there is no telling what a man would do to survive; nevertheless, when Max is confronted with a pressing dilemma, not even the icy Secretary of Defence, Delacourt, can stand in the way. Can Max do the unimaginable? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 2154, the Earth is polluted, vastly overpopulated, the climate has become hot and dry and disease runs rampant through the dilapidated slums that the cities have become. The wealthiest people have fled the planet and taken refuge on Elysium, a Stanford Torus high-tech space station, just beyond earth's atmosphere. While those on Earth are policed by ruthless robots, Elysium's citizens are governed by President Patel (Faran Tahir), in a Utopian setting which includes access to private medical machines, called "Med-Bays," that offer instant cures for virtually any ailment or injury a person may experience. A young boy named Max DeCosta (Perry Cotton) and his young girlfriend, Frey Santiago (Valentina Giros), are living in the ruins of Los Angeles, where the surrounding area is now a vast desert and people live in nothing more than small shacks. Frey can read and she reads Max stories about Elysium. Max lives in an orphanage with a kindly nun. The nun says he is born to do something great. Frey and Max are looking up at Elysium, which is visible from Earth. Max intends to go there someday and promises to take Frey with him. Frey takes a pen and marks on Max's hand. She inscribes a circle and the letters M + F. Years later, when he's 36 years old, Max (Matt Damon), sports numerous tattoos and wears an electronic ankle bracelet. He is preparing to board a bus to travel to his job. Two security robots approach him as he's standing in line. When asked what he's carrying in his pack, Max answers with a sarcastic tone. They rip off his backpack, then hit him twice, breaking his wrist. He's a felon, a former car thief, and on parole, so he's frequently singled out for harassment. Max, identified as #6722, and Frey, now a nurse, accidentally meet at the clinic where he goes to have his arm treated. Max asks her to have coffee with him, but she declines. Finally, she agrees to meet him soon. Max had been ordered by the robots to go see his parole officer, another robot. The parole officer robot can detect "attitude" and it doesn't like Max's, so his parole is extended. The robot then offers Max a pill to help calm his heart rate, which it has detected as elevated. Max smirks and turns it down. Max works at an assembly line for Armadyne Corp, a company which supplies Elysian weaponry, as well as the robots which police the Earth. The shift supervisor docks him half a day's pay for being late. Partaking of an illegal emigration operation, some of the people in Los Angeles were able to come up with some money which they use to acquire Elysium identification brands on their wrists, then they board three dilapidated looking shuttles, which take off and flies towards Elysium. The shuttles require codes, which were also stolen. A French-speaking woman named Delacourt (Jodie Foster) is the Defence Secretary for Elysium. When she's told about three unauthorized shuttles approaching, she overrides Executive Order 355 and activates a rogue sleeper agent on Earth named C.M. Kruger (Sharlto Copley). Kruger immediately grabs a shoulder-fired ground to air missile launcher and fires off four rockets. The rockets chase down the shuttles and destroy two of them, killing all 46 people on board. The other shuttle makes it to Elysium and lands. The rich folks in the area are all in a tizzy, as helicopters and robots give chase of the occupants of the shuttle. One mother and her daughter who were on the shuttle that landed rush into a house and find a Med-Bed. The girl's wrist is scanned, and she is identified as an Elysium citizen. A machine then assesses her physical condition, determining she had multiple fractures, and begins repairing the broken bones. The incident results in 32 arrests and 13 casualties, with two at-large. The at large were the mother and daughter, who are soon apprehended. All 34 are prepared for deportation back to earth. Max's friend Julio (Diego Luna), tries to entice him to come back into the auto theft game, but he refuses, wanting to complete his parole and find a way to get up to Elysium. At Max's workstation, a pallet jams the door to the firing unit for the robots. The supervisor orders Max to un-jam the door or he will lose his job. Max has no choice but to squeeze into the chamber and push the pallet away from the door. When he does, the door slams shut and the radiation powers on. Max receives a lethal dose of radiation. After he is finally dragged from the chamber and sent to a medical unit, he is told by another droid that he will die in five days. Armadyne CEO John Carlyle (William Fichtner) goes down on the production floor to see what the emergency was. He sees Max lying on a bed in the infirmary and orders that Max be taken away, so he won't mess up the bedding. A robot gives Max some pills to help him deal with the inevitable discomfort and will keep him physically functional until he dies. President Patel summons Delacourt. She is brought before the President and his cabinet. They are not happy with her for ordering the shuttles shot down, and for using Kruger to do it. Delacourt is impudent, as she sasses Patel and all but calls him a coward who would see Elysium destroyed if not for people like her. Patel threatens to fire Delacourt if she screws up again. He orders her to stop using Kruger. When Kruger learns that he's not going to be utilized anymore, he becomes infuriated and feels betrayed. Julio sees Max returning from the infirmary, barely able to walk, and rushes to help him. Julio helps him take some of the pills. Max tells Julio that he wants to go see Spider (Wagner Moura), the rebel behind the illegal transports to Elysium, about getting to Elysium. Max is desperate to make the trip now, as he needs a Med-Bay to heal himself. Frey has a young daughter, Matilda (Emma Tremblay), who experiences seizures. She had been taking her to work with her, but was ordered to leave her daughter home, as the doctors weren't able to give her treatments. Max and Julio got to the high-tech rebel command centre where Max asks Spider for an identification brand and a ticket to Elysium, promising to come back and work for him. He reminds Spider that he did three years in prison for him. Spider decides to make Max an offer. If he'll plug into the brain of one of Elysium's high-ranking officials and obtain pass codes and other secret data that would provide Spider access to money, then he'd make sure Max was able to get to Elysium. Max must submit to surgery by what appear to be nothing more than glorified tattoo artists. They attach a third-generation powered exoskeleton to Max's body and wire a data collection device to his brain. The exoskeleton gives Max the strength of a droid. Max tells Spider that his friend, Julio, had to be included in the deal, and that John Carlyle must be the high-level target. Delacourt, vowing to protect Elysium and her own power, bargains with Carlyle to create a program that can override Elysium's computer core to give her the Presidency. Carlyle would be beneficiary of a 200 year contract to provide essential services to the community of Elysium. Carlyle works up a new computer protocol called "Sabre Cerebral Defence," and programs it into his own brain device. He also encrypts it with a denial system that would prove lethal to anyone attempting to download and use the program. He then boards a shuttle for a flight to Elysium. Max, Julio (Diego Luna) and a team of Spider's men arm themselves and make use of two fast armoured vehicles. They are aware of Carlyle's planned flight to Elysium and they set out to intercept him. Max shoots an explosive device at the shuttle, which locks on near one of the engines. As there is only 15 seconds until the shuttle goes supersonic, the explosive device must be detonated in short order. Once the shuttle has cleared its launch facility and has travelled a short distance, the explosive is detonated, and the shuttle is forced to crash land. Delacourt calls Kruger as soon as she's informed that Carlyle's shuttle has gone down, and that a former felon named Max De Costa was responsible. Kruger demands that he be "reinstated" if he decides to go rescue Carlyle. Delacourt allows it, then arranges for two of Kruger's former associates to pick him up. Max and his men arrive at Carlyle's shuttle and are confronted by one of two droids who were on the shuttle with Carlyle. After a difficult fight, Max destroys one droid. One of the men then uses a device to cut through the hull of Carlyle's shuttle and provide access to him. However, the second droid exits on the opposite side and comes around to confront Max and the others. Max and the others exchange fire with the droid. One of the men is firing his weapon while keeping his body hidden, so he can't see where his rounds are going. Max warns him not to hit Carlyle, who is shot in the chest. Max then engages the droid in hand-to-hand battle and finally tears the droid's head off. Max and his men quickly establish a head to head computer connection between Max and the quickly dying Carlyle, but something is wrong and Max's computer expert says he can't read the data being transferred. They are out of time, as Kruger and his cohorts have arrived. When Max tries to run, he collapses, and Julio has to pause to help him -- something about the downloaded data is causing him head pain. Kruger's weapons on the shuttle he's in are very effective. He shoots and flips over one of the vehicles Max and his men had been using. Kruger lands his shuttle and gets out and attacks Max, stabbing him. Kruger is about to decapitate Max when Julio shoots Kruger in the neck. Kruger then runs his sword through Julio. Max recovers and shoots at Kruger, but Kruger uses a force field to avoid being killed. On Elysium, Delacourt orders that Max be captured but that his brain be left undamaged. Carlyle dies and Max is able to escape. As he stumbles along, with Kruger and his men in pursuit in the shuttle with sophisticated tracking equipment, an old lady hides Max under her cart filled with pigs, thus helping him evade detection. Kruger deploys six tracking discs that start flying around the city attempting to locate Max. Delacourt issues a "No Fly" order for all craft in the Los Angeles area, so that Kruger can search unimpeded. Kruger now knows what the data transfer between Carlyle and Max was all about. Max goes to see Frey, calling out to her on the street as she was leaving her job. He begs her for help, telling her she couldn't tell anyone. She takes him to her home where she has the necessary medical supplies to help him. As she's tending to his stab wound, she notices a tattoo he has, a circle and the letters M + F, the same thing she once wrote on his hand with an ink pen when they were children. Max is saved by Frey and he meets Matilda. Frey tells Max that Matilda has leukaemia. She asks Max to find a way to get Matilda to Elysium, so she can be cured. Max tells her it's too dangerous, and he can't do it. Matilda tells Max a story about a meerkat who is hungry, so he befriends a lonely hippo in order to get some fruit. The point of the story was to indicate how creatures in need can find ways to help one another. Max just says he's sorry and then he leaves. One of the search discs finds Max once he's back out on the streets. Max throws a rock at it and knocks it out of the sky, but not before Kruger has seen Max. Kruger and his men quickly travel to Frey's place and bust in, demanding to know where Max is. They take Frey and Matilda with them in the shuttle. Max goes to see Spider and demands he fly him to Elysium immediately. Spider tells Max that there's a no-fly order in effect and it can't be done. Spider then connects to the port in Max's head to see what data had transferred from Carlyle's head. He quickly realizes it's a reboot program for Elysium, something of tremendous significance. Max realizes he can trade the data for his cure and decides to leave. Spider has to quickly order his men not to shoot Max. Max is desperate to get to Elysium so he can heal his radiation poisoning. Max returns to the site of the disc he'd knocked out of the sky and he looks into its camera and tells Kruger to come get him. When Kruger arrives, Max produces a grenade and pulls the pin, telling Kruger that if he doesn't take him to Elysium, he will blow his own head off and destroy the reboot program. Kruger invites Max on board the shuttle, where Max is surprised to see Frey and Matilda. They start the 19 minute trip to Elysium. Delacourt lifts the no-fly restriction on L.A. Spider knows that Max is on a shuttle and bound for Elysium, as he'd attached a tracking device to Max before he'd taken off. Spider and two of his men get on their own shuttle and take off for Elysium. Kruger sings softly to Matilda and kisses Frey on the forehead. He's feeling an attraction for Frey and is willing to help Matilda as a result. When one of Kruger's associates approaches Frey, Max tells the guy to back up. Kruger then lunges and grabs at the grenade in Max's hand. They struggle. Max and Kruger fall, and the grenade rolls free. It blows up and destroys half of Kruger's face. The shuttle also becomes uncontrollable and crash lands on Elysium. Max carries Matilda to a safe spot away from the shuttle, then opens the shuttle doors and goes back for Frey, who was trapped in her seat. He frees her and she goes and gets Matilda and carries her into a mansion as Elysium security forces are arriving. Max, meanwhile, has to fight with one of the bad guys on the shuttle. The second bad guy takes off after the girls. Frey places Matilda in a healing bed inside the mansion, but because Matilda isn't recognized as a legitimate citizen, the bed won't work. Kruger's goon arrives and tasers Frey. Max ends up getting tasered as well. Delacourt, who has told President Patel that because the intruders have committed an act of war and that she was now in charge, wants the data extracted from Max's head, which her expert tells her will kill Max. She's fine with that. Spider arrives in his clanky old shuttle, managing to land without incident. He immediately heads for where his tracking device indicates Max is. Kruger's goons take Frey and Matilda away. They put Kruger in a machine which completely reconstructs his face and head in about 30 seconds. He then wakes up. He survived only because his brain had not been damaged by the grenade explosion. Max breaks loose from his bonds and disables the two lab techs who'd been working on him. He forces one of them to tell him where Frey and Matilda had been taken. Delacourt approaches Kruger, who's still feeling out of sorts and very much on edge. When she starts criticizing him for stupidly crashing the shuttle in a suburban area, he angrily smashes the mirror he'd been examining his face in. He picks up a fairly large piece and jams it into Delacourt's throat. She goes down, bleeding badly. Kruger makes it clear that he intends to use the data deposited in Max's head to re-program Elysium and make himself the new president. Kruger tosses Delacourt into the room with Frey and Matilda. Kruger tells Frey that he was going to make sure her daughter is never healed. Kruger's goons start roaming around tossing grenades to take out Elysium's command and control structure. Matilda starts treating Delacourt's wound, but Delacourt stops her, preferring instead to die. Max calls Spider and they make their immediate plans. Max then heads for the armoury and takes the last of his pain pills. Kruger is now outfitted in a military-grade exoskeleton far superior to Max's droid suit, then orders his goon to kill Frey and Matilda. The goon plans to have some fun with Frey first, but Max gets there first and he is of superhuman strength after taking those pills and he simply crushes the goon, slamming him against the floor. The second goon comes in shooting and Max grabs an automatic weapon and kills him. Max sends Frey to the surface with Matilda, telling Frey to get Matilda to a Med Bay, promising her that it will work this time. Max teams up with Spider, reminding Spider that they have a deal only if Frey gets her daughter to a Med Bay. Spider sends one of his men to help Frey. Kruger blows up one of Spider's men. Some high frequency sounds are broadcast, which disables Max, as he can't bear them. Kruger then goes after Max with his sword. In a desperate fight on a high catwalk, Spider tackles Kruger before he can stab Max and Kruger's sword goes flying several levels below. Kruger then jams a knife into Spider's hand, taking him out of the fight. Max and Kruger engage in hand-to-hand combat. Max is losing the fight, when he suddenly executes a body flip and disengages Kruger's exoskeleton power source on the way down. Kruger manages to clip Max to a railing and then pulls the pin on a grenade, intending to blow them both up. Max pulls himself loose and flips both Kruger and the grenade over the railing. Kruger explodes in mid-air. Spider makes a cable connection to the port in Max's head at the same instant that Frey flips the switch on a Med Bay containing Matilda. Spider first confirms that Max wants him to proceed, as the data download process will be fatal to Max. Max confirms, but first he connects to Frey and tells her goodbye. Max then presses "Enter" on Spider's computer, just as President Patel arrives with security to arrest Spider. The Elysium reboot takes place and everyone on Earth becomes a citizen of Elysium. Max dies, Spider is released, Matilda is healed, and numerous Aid shuttles are sent to Earth to help the new citizens. 
 Man of Steel (2013)431) An alien child is evacuated from his dying world and sent to Earth to live among humans. His peace is threatened, when other survivors of his home planet invade Earth. A young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this Earth. As a young man, he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do. But the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind. Warner Bros. Pictures Kal-El, son of Jor-El and Lara, is sent to Earth after his home planet Krypton leads to a complete incineration. Now taking the name "Clark Kent", he then discovers his true persona when he is guided to become Superman: A hero committed to protect Earth's fate and the harm that threatens it. However, General Zod, a citizen of Krypton and its military leader looks at Earth's fate differently and decides to use it with a sacrifice for all humans. Superman, with the help of present military and news reporter Lois Lane makes an alliance together to stop Zod from obliterating human existence. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the Planet Krypton, Lara-El ( Ayelet Zurer ), is birthing a son, Kal. Kal is a secret because he was born naturally, instead of by genetic engineering. Jor-El ( Russell Crowe ) tells the Kryptonian council that the planet started crumbling and is on the brink of destruction. They forbid him to evacuate the planet's Codex, claiming that the planet is stable. General Zod ( Michael Shannon ) and numerous followers, attack the council. Zod invites Jor-El to join the coup, considering he disagrees with the council. When Jor-El refuses, Zod orders the arrest of Jor-El who escapes. Jor-El swims in the incubator chamber and takes the Codex. Lara prepares the small spacecraft he has built to evacuate their son from Krypton. Jor-El races home to put the Codex in the spacecraft. Lara feels difficulty separating from her son but Jor-El comforts her that they are preserving his life by sending their baby to: Earth, where the yellow sun will cause greater strength and speed. Jor-El places the Codex into a device that bonds it to his son's living cells. As they prepare to launch the pod containing their son, Zod and his followers force their way into the Els residence, demanding that Jor-El hand over the Codex. Jor-El claims it is in the pod with his son. Zod becomes enraged and attacks Jor-El, eventually stabbing him to death. During the fight, Lara engages the pod's engines and it shoots into the sky. Angered that Jor-El and his wife have doomed the Kryptonian race with the removal of the Codex, Zod orders his followers to shoot down the pod. However, his orders are suddenly canceled when Kryptonian security ships appear, destroying the attacking vessel and arresting Zod and his minions. In the confusion, the small craft's propulsion engine, a Phantom Drive, engages on the pod, rocketing the baby away in the blink of an eye. Zod and his followers are banished to The Phantom Zone. In a fury, Zod lashes out, declaring the leaders will not grant him and his followers a quick death. He also swears to Lara that he will find her son. Zod and his followers are placed in a giant craft, the Black Zero, that is sent into the Phantom Zone. Shortly after, Krypton's core collapses as Lara passively watches the planet breaking apart. Many worlds away, the pod carrying Kal-El rockets into Earth's atmosphere, touching down somewhere in the Great Plains of the United States. The scene then shifts to ocean waters, where we see a bearded man working aboard a fishing vessel and having trouble concentrating on his duties. The crew are soon alerted to a distress call for help from a flaming oil rig. The bearded man quickly disappears from the ship but is on the rig moments later, rescuing the crew and getting them to board a Coast Guard chopper. The crew are astonished to see him tear a steel door from it's hinges and that the flames he's covered with do not burn him. Kent is unable to join them, as he rushes to keep a part of the rig from collapsing on the landing pad. As the chopper flies away with the rig's crew, the rig collapses down on him and he ends up floating in the water. We soon learn that this is Clark Kent ( Henry Cavill ), as in a deep mental state, he recalls when he was younger, and manifested X-Ray vision, and super-hearing. The overload of images and sounds caused him great pain. Scared at what he was seeing and hearing, Clark runs from his classroom and locks himself in a closet. His mother, Martha, comes to the school and manages to coax him out, helping him to focus his powers, quelling the myriad sounds he hears. Back in the present-day, Clark has managed to return to land and steals some clothes. As he attempts to figure out where he is, he sees a school bus nearby. Clark has another flashback to when he was 13. He recalls being picked on by a boy Peter ( Jack Foley ), before the school bus they were on suddenly blows a tire, and careens off a bridge into a river. Thinking quickly, Clark escapes out the rear emergency door, and pushes the bus to shore. Clark jumps back into the water and pulls Peter to safety. Though Pete's mother claims that Clark miraculously saved the occupants of the bus, Clark's father ( Kevin Costner ) tries to convince her otherwise. Needless to say, Clark feels even more conflicted, as his father has tried to tell him to suppress his powers, but Clark was torn by a need to help others. When Clark demands to know what's wrong with him, Jonathan shows his son the pod he came to Earth in, hidden below the barn. Along with the pod was a strange metallic item. Jonathan claims he had a metallurgist examine it, but it is comprised of elements not found on Earth. Imprinted on the small fragment of metal is a shield-like shape containing an "S". The scene then returns to the present day, where Clark has a job at a truck stop in Canada. As he works, he hears some military men talking quietly about some object found in the ice a ways north of the stop. When a trucker comes in and starts harassing one of the waitresses, Clark attempts to stop him, but afraid others will see his powers, stands there and takes the trucker's taunts. Without saying a word, Clark takes off his apron and leaves the stop. Later, as the trucker leaves, he is shocked to find his rig impaled on several of the large logs he was hauling. The scene then cuts to Lois Lane ( Amy Adams ) landing at the base in Canada, where she is met by Dr. Emil Hamilton ( Richard Schiff ), and Colonel Nathan Hardy ( Christopher Meloni ). Drilling is still commencing within the ice to get to uncover the craft, but drilling tests have at least confirmed that the ice surrounding the object is thousands of years old. Going out in the evening to shoot some pictures, Lois is shocked when she checks them to see a man walking on a ridge near the drilling site without cold-weather clothing. She sneaks up to where he was, and finds a tunnel bored into the ice. The tunnel is Clark's doing, as he had followed the word of the military men, and made his way to the site, using his heat vision to create the tunnel through solid ice. He then finds a strange spacecraft, and going inside, finds a panel that opens up. It contains a hole that seems to match the shape of the object his father found with him in the pod. Inserting the object the hole causes a person to suddenly appear nearby. He doesn't say a word, simply walking off. Clark attempts to catch up to this person, but he always seems to be several steps ahead of him. Meanwhile, Lois has found her way onto the ship, but is attacked by a sentry. Her screams reach Clark, who finds her. After dismantling the sentry by crushing it with his bare hands, he sees that the sentry has wounded Lois in her lower abdomen. He tells her she's bleeding internally and uses his heat vision to cauterize the wound. Shortly after, military forces nearby are all amazed when the ice starts to crack and a giant ship emerges, flying off. Lois is found the next day and shortly thereafter she writes up an article about what she experienced. However, her editor at the Daily Planet, Perry White ( Laurence Fishburne ), refuses to publish it. Even the Pentagon has denied her 'aliens and spaceships' story. Lois then attempts to play hard ball. Going to a contact of hers named Glenn Woodburn ( Chad Krowchuk ), she allows him to publish her story. Though he cautions that she could get in trouble for leaking the story, she claims she hopes that it will catch the attention of the person she met. Meanwhile, Clark has piloted the spaceship to another remote location in the Arctic. It turns out the figure he was following is a hologram of his father Jor-El, who is appearing via the 'key' Clark inserted into the ship. Jor-El explains the history of the planet Krypton, Zod's attempted coup and that the ship Clark found was a sentry ship sent out many years before, when the the council of Krypton had sought to colonize other planets but abandoned the project. Jor-El shows Clark a dark blue and red suit bearing the shielded "S". Jor-El explains that it is the emblem of the House of El and a symbol of hope. Jor-El also explains that the Earth's sun has made Clark stronger than human beings, and has been helping him manifest powers for some time. Jor-El tells Clark that the suit will symbolize his mission: to help the people of Earth and act as their guardian. Stepping outside the ship, Clark begins to push his powers: first taking flying leaps, before eventually being able to fly at great speeds, breaking the sound barrier and flying great distances around the world. Back in Metropolis, Perry is furious that Lois leaked her story to the internet, and suspends her for three weeks. Lois uses this time to begin tracking down leads to her mystery man. Her sleuthing leads her to Smallville, and eventually, Peter. Visiting the grave of Jonathan Kent, she is surprised when her mystery man appears (albeit in nondescript clothing). Lois claims she wants to tell Clark's story, but he tells her of how he abides by his father's request to not reveal himself until the world 'was ready.' Clark then relates how Jonathan died. After the two have an argument during a drive, which mostly concerns Clark's frustration over his true ancestry and how he is forbidden to reveal his powers to anyone but his parents, they stop when a tornado forms, threatening everyone on the road nearby. Clark gets his mother and several others to safety, with Jonathan attempting to get the family dog free of their vehicle. The dog makes it out safely, but Jonathan suffers an injury to his ankle and is unable to make it to the overpass where everyone has taken shelter. Clark had wanted to help his father, but a gesture from Jonathan cautioned him to not reveal himself, leaving Jonathan to be swept away by the tornado. Hearing his story, Lois respects Clark's wish for privacy, and stops trying to pursue a story from him. Clark returns to his mother, and happily tells her that he has found where he came from, and who his true parents are. Though Martha fears that her son will now be taken from her, Clark assures her it won't happen. Meanwhile, the military has detected a strange ship in geosynchronous orbit around the planet. Others soon report the strange sighting, but are surprised when power is cut off to all parts of the world, and a message is broadcast from General Zod. Zod demands that the people of Earth hand over Kal-El within 24 hours or there will be consequences. A worldwide manhunt is initiated to find this "Kal-El". Woodburn is interviewed about the aliens and drops Lois' name, which soon results in numerous FBI agents being sent to take her into custody. Lois tries to flee from them, but she's quickly intercepted and turned over to the US Army. Back in Smallville, Clark goes to a local church, and confesses to the pastor that he is the one the aliens want. Clark admits he is conflicted: he doesn't trust that Zod will leave Earth in peace, but he is also wondering if he should trust humanity. His decision is made when the Pastor tells him that sometimes one must take a leap of faith. Clark then appears before the Army in his Kryptonian suit, willing to surrender on condition that he can meet with Lois and that she be freed. Clark is handcuffed (he allows them to, as a gesture of trust and to help them feel more secure), and he and Lois have a short conversation. She asks him about the "S" on his chest which he tells her is not an S as Earthlings know it, but a symbol of hope. When she suggests a new moniker, her voice is cut off by feedback from the audio system observers are using behind a 2-way mirror -- but Clark shows he is easily able see through it and identify the people standing behind it. Clark stands up and effortlessly breaks his handcuffs and tells the observers he'll allow them to turn him over to Zod and that he'll protect the planet from whatever danger Zod presents. In a remote desert, a black craft appears to bring him to Zod's ship. The craft is commanded by Faora ( Antje Traue ), who also demands of General Swanwick ( Harry Lennix ), that Lois also be taken with them. Though Swanwick points out that the deal was originally for only Kal-El to be handed over, Lois agrees to go with Clark. Before they reach Zod's ship, Lois is fitted with a breathing apparatus, as the atmosphere on the ship will be toxic to humans. When Faora is distracted, Clark slips Lois the key he used to restart the Arctic ship. On board the Black Zero, Zod welcomes Clark, who a few moments later collapses to the floor of the ship, seemingly unable to breathe. Though Lois is worried for him, Zod assures her that Clark's body is simply adjusting to the Kryptonian atmosphere aboard the ship. Clark passes out, and finds himself in a dreamlike vision of his family's farm. Zod explains to Clark that after the destruction of Krypton, the portal to the Phantom Zone where they were trapped was broken open. After modifying the portal's Phantom Drive, they were able to transport themselves all across the galaxy in the Black Zero. Visiting the various planets which colonizing ships and teams were sent, their searches for a new planet proved unfruitful, as each of the colonists sent to these various planets were found to have perished. However, Zod and his followers took what they could from the remnants of their civilization, including a terraforming machine called a "World Engine". When Clark activated the ship in the Arctic, it sent out a signal which lead Zod to Earth. Zod claims that he intends to turn Earth into a New Krypton, but Clark is unwilling to go along with this plan since it will mean Earth's annihilation and the deaths of all humans. Awakening from the vision, Zod tells Clark that with or without him, he will revive their civilization. As well, Clark's adjustments to the ship have made him no stronger than the other Kryptonians on it. Consequently, one of Zod's men, Jax-Ur ( Mackenzie Gray ), is able to obtain a blood sample from Clark. Meanwhile, Lois is thrown into a holding cell, where she comes across a panel with a small hole. Lois notes it is the same shape as the key she has. Inserting it allows the information from Jor-El to appear before her. The key causes the ship's atmosphere to alter towards more suitable conditions for Clark and Lois, and Jor-El gives Lois valuable information for stopping Zod, along with leading her to an escape pod. As she activates the pod a guard suddenly shoots at her, damaging the pod. The change in the atmosphere returns Clark's strength, allowing him to break his bonds, and Jor-El appears before him, pointing out that Lois needs to be saved because of the damage to the pod. Clark saves Lois from the pod, but his attention is soon drawn to his mother, who is set upon by Zod and Faora. Zod goes to the Kent farm, looking for the Codex, which Faora finds is not in the pod Clark arrived on Earth in. When Zod threatens Martha, Clark races to save her, hitting Zod with such force that the two end up thrown into the heart of downtown Smallville. Upon recovering, Zod's face-mask malfunctions and his body begins to adapt to the Earthen environment, as he suddenly gains X-Ray vision, and his hearing begins to take in everything at once (just like Clark did when he gained these powers long ago). The effect is debilitating to Zod as his senses overload and he is forced to retreat. Clark claims that his parents helped him hone his skills to control the sensory overload, but his assurance is thrown aside when a ship recovers the stunned Zod, and Faora and a larger Kryptonian (Nam-Ek) attempt to bring Clark down. A battle erupts between Clark and his enemies, causing huge amounts of destruction. Word of the alien presence in Smallville has reached the Army, and Col. Hardy approaches with helicopters and planes. Hardy claims that all three of the aliens (including Clark) are hostile, and all forms of weaponry are thrown at them. Though Faora and Nam-Ek escape, Clark is able to change Hardy's mind when he saves the Colonel along with several other soldiers. Clark returns to his mother, but also encounters Lois, who explains to him what Jor-El told her on the ship. Back on his ship, Zod is informed what happened to the Codex. Jor-El had diffused it into Clark's cells, making him the source to create new Kryptonian life. When Zod is informed that Clark does not need to be taken alive to retrieve the Codex, he puts his plan into effect. Zod separates the World Engine from the Black Zero. As it touches down in the South Indian Ocean, the Black Zero hovers over Metropolis, it's opposite point on the planet. Using the Phantom Drive, Zod activates the World Engine, which creates a link with the Black Zero through the Earth's core, beginning the process of terraforming Earth into a planet more like Krypton. Dr. Emil Hamilton determines that the process is creating a stronger gravitational pull and making the planet more dense. The effect causes massive destruction, flattening cars and shaking skyscrapers apart. The force of the machine also causes objects to repeatedly rise and plummet to Earth. As Swanwick contemplates what to do, he receives word that Clark (now being called "Superman" by some of the soldiers), has a plan. Using the information that Lois obtained, Clark reasons that if the pod that brought him to Earth is activated by the key he has it will start up the Phantom Drive inside. If the pod collides with Zod's ship which also has its drive activated, a black hole will warp the Black Zero and it's occupants back into the Phantom Zone. Meanwhile, Zod leaves his ship, and heads for the ship Clark found in the Arctic. On board the ship is a gestation chamber with many unborn Kryptonian fetuses. The projection of Jor-El speaks to Zod, telling him to halt his operation. Zod refuses to listen to the words of a ghost. and will stop at nothing to revive Krypton and it's people. Zod's key eventually overrides Jor-El's, and the ship now responds to Zod, causing Jor-El's hologram to disappear. Col Hardy, Dr Hamilton, and Lois board a plane to take the pod to Metropolis, while Superman flies around the world to try and stop the World Engine. However, he is assailed by a Kryptonian defense mechanism within the machine that attempts to fend him off with long tentacles. The situation over Metropolis grows more desperate as none of the planes sent by the Air Force are able to get close to the Black Zero. Zod's ship and the World Engine have created a gravitational vacuum that keeps the transport unable to properly launch Clark's pod. Realizing there's no way he can fight off the tentacles, Clark goes deep under the World Engine to muster his strength and punches his way through it, causing the connection to sever and the machine to explode. With the gravitational disruption gone, Hardy flies the transport closer to Zod's ship but it is intercepted by Faora, who attempts to stop them. Meanwhile, Zod has arrived in Metropolis with the ship. As he attempts to destroy the Air Force plane, Clark swoops in and crashes into the ship's control panel. Zod yells for Clark to once again let him complete his plan to revive Krypton. "Krypton had its chance!" yells Clark, who then uses his heat-vision to tear apart the ship, causing it to crash and the gestation chamber to fracture. Faora's attempts fail as well as Hardy steers the plane into the ship. As Lois was on the rear of the plane as it tilted down towards the ship, she loses her balance and falls to Earth. The collision of the two Phantom Drives causes the military aircraft and the Black Zero (along with the people on the vessels) to disappear. Clark manages to save Lois again and puts her safely on the ground. Nearby, the sound of moving metal is heard, and Clark finds Zod, thoroughly enraged. Zod tells Clark that he was engineered to be a General of Krypton and to protect it and its people. With nothing left to revive the planet, Zod seethes that Clark has taken his soul and promises to kill the humans one at a time in retribution for what Clark has done. The two battle across Metropolis, smashing through buildings. During the fight, Zod adapts further to Earth's atmosphere, spawning heat-vision and the ability for flight. The battle soon ends with them in a train station, where Zod blasts his heat vision at a nearby family. Clark, with Zod in a choke-hold, tries to keep the beam from engulfing the family. "If you love these people so much, then you can mourn for them," Zod shouts. Clark begs Zod to stop but when Zod claims he will never stop, Clark snaps the General's neck, killing him. It is clear that Clark did not want to exact such a terrible judgment, and he agonizes over having not only killed another person, but one of the last of his race. Lois appears and comforts him. Some time later, Swanwick and his adjutant, Major Farris ( Christina Wren ), find Superman downing an Air Force drone. Superman claims that he knows they had sent it to find his home on Earth but he wants the search to stop. He vows that he will continue to fight for what is right and the security of Earth. The General questions Superman's commitment to which Clark replies that he's from Kansas and can be trusted. As he flies away, the General's adjutant smiles, clearly won over by how handsome and forthright he appears to be. Clark then returns to Smallville, where he and Martha visit Jonathan's grave. Clark claims he wishes his father could have seen what he accomplished, but says he did. When she asks what Clark intends to do now, he claims he'll get a job where he can be updated on what is going on with the world, where he won't be questioned about visiting dangerous places, and where he will be able to ask questions if needed. We then see him in the Daily Planet building, being introduced to Lois Lane as the paper's newest reporter. Though he is now sporting a pair of black-rimmed glasses, it is apparent that Lois knows just who this new employee is. 
 Fido (2006)431) Space radiation turns the dead into Zombies. Zomcon fights zombies and finds ways to pacify and use them. On pre-teen Timmy's (Kesun Loder's) 1950s suburban street, they all have a zombie doing menial chores. Timmy's zombie becomes his pet and friend, and is named Fido (Sir Billy Connolly). In an Earthly world resembling the 1950s, a cloud of space radiation has shrouded the planet, resulting in the dead becoming zombies that desire live human flesh. A company called Zomcon has been able to control the zombie population. Zombies can be temporarily neutralized by being shot, but can only be permanently neutralized by their brain being destroyed. Their ultimate disposal is through cremation, or burial, the latter which requires decapitation with the head being buried separately from the body. Conversely, Zomcon has created the domestication collar, when activated and placed on a zombie makes the zombie controllable, and thus an eternally productive creature within society. Because all dead initially become zombies, the elderly are viewed negatively and suspectly. And all people, adult or child, learn to shoot to kill to protect society. Zomcon is the go to organization for all things zombie. In the town of Willard, the Robinsons - father Bill (Dylan Baker), mother Helen (Carrie-Anne Moss), and adolescent son Timmy (Kesun Loder) - are one family who don't own a zombie as a domestic, since Bill is afraid of zombies, as, when he was a child, he had to shoot his own zombie father, who tried to eat him. Bill has thus become fascinated with funerals to see zombies put away permanently. But Helen feels pressured to get a zombie when Zomcon's new head of security in Willard, the officious Jonathan Bottoms (Henry Czerny), moves into the neighborhood with his family. Never having had to deal with a zombie directly, Timmy is initially wary of their zombie. But as a lonely child who has no friends and is often bullied, Timmy eventually befriends their zombie, who he names Fido (Sir Billy Connolly), as he treats the zombie much like a faithful pet dog. Timmy protects Fido at all cost, even after Fido, due to no fault of its own, is implicated in some deaths, which creates a mini-wave of loose zombies unknown to Zomcon. But Fido may play a larger role within the family as a companion for Helen, who is largely neglected by Bill, since he sees human affection as ultimately resulting in such difficult issues as what happened between him and his own father. With Timmy and Helen treating Fido with kindness, Fido, in turn, may prove that not all zombies, even when without their domestication collar, are out to kill anyone and everyone in their path. Huggo Timmy Robinson's (Kesun Loder's) best friend in the whole wide world is a six-foot tall rotting zombie named Fido (Sir Billy Connolly). But when Fido eats the next-door neighbor, Mom and Dad hit the roof, and Timmy has to go to the ends of the earth to keep Fido a part of the family. A boy-and-his-dog movie for grown-ups, this movie will rip your heart out. Anagram Pictures Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this satire of American society, we find ourselves following a little boy, Timmy Robinson (K'Sun Ray), through an alternate version of the white-bread 1950s of big shiny cars, houses with white picket fences, and prejudice, except that instead of Blacks there are zombie servants animated by space radiation, but kept under control with Zomcon zombie collars. Timmy is delighted with the family's first zombie (Billy Connolly), whom he names Fido, although his father, Bill Robinson (Dylan Baker), is terrified of zombies. the mother Helen (Carrie-Anne Moss) only acquired the domestic zombie due to social pressure from her neighbors. Bill is only interested in golf and in funeral rights to make sure that they will all stay dead when they die, and not become zombies themselves. Fido becomes Timmy's best friend, while the neighborhood playboy (Tim Blake Nelson) keeps a beautiful female zombie named Tammy (Sonja Bennett) as his girlfriend. Fido runs afoul of prejudice, circumstance, hardware faults in the Zomcon collars, and neighborhood bullies. Before we are done, there is murder and assorted other mayhem, zombification, a full-scale zombie riot at Zomcon, and the death of Timmy's father as a result of the zealous Zomcon security chief's (Henry Czerny) attempt to throw Timmy to the wild zombies beyond the fence to punish him for being attached to a zombie. Fido then rescues Timmy and all's well that ends well. Fido is restored to his family, and the widow discovers that she is happier with Fido than with her late emotionally challenged husband. 
 Fantastic Four (I) (2005)55) A group of astronauts gain superpowers after a cosmic radiation exposure and must use them to oppose the plans of their enemy, Doctor Victor Von Doom. Four astronauts have their lives changed forever, when they end up being hit by a cloud of cosmic radiation. Reed Richards now has the ability to stretch his body like elastic. Sue Storm (Alba) is now the invisible woman. Johnny Storm becomes the human touch and Ben Grimm becomes the 'Thing', a man made out of rock. But there is one problem. The journey's sponsor, Victor Von Doom has also been affected and with full power, is a dangerous force which needs to be stopped, before it's too late. Film_Fan Yearning to study the massive clouds of cosmic energy in the vast space, the brilliant physicist, Dr Reed Richards, enlists the help of his millionaire classmate, Dr Victor von Doom. Instead, the unfathomable energy source affects Reed, turning him into the elastic "Mr Fantastic"; Victor's assistant, Sue Storm, becomes the "Invisible Girl"; her hot-blooded younger brother, Johnny, is now the flaming "Human Torch", and lastly, pilot Ben Grimm transforms into the temperamental mass of rocks and muscles known as "The Thing". But, from the black void of space, humankind's arch-enemy arrives. Can the Fantastic 4, the unstoppable band of incredible super-heroes, thwart the destructive plans of the mysterious, Dr Doom? Nick Riganas When an experimental space voyage goes awry, four people are changed by cosmic rays. Reed Richards, inventor and leader of the group gains the ability to stretch his body, and takes the name Mr. Fantastic. His girlfriend, Sue Storm, gains the ability to turn invisible and create force fields, calling herself the Invisible Woman. Her younger brother Johnny Storm gains the ability to control fire, including covering his own body with flame, becoming the Human Torch. Pilot Ben Grimm is turned into a super-strong rock creature calling himself Thing. Together, they use their unique powers to explore the strange aspects of the world, and to foil the evil plans of Doctor Doom. ahmetkozan Reed Richards is a very talented scientist seeking the funding for a space experiment. Along with his friend and partner Ben Grimm, he goes to businessman Victor Von Doom and manages to get his support. So, Reed and Ben, along with Von Doom, his partner Sue Storm and her brother Johnny, find themselves aboard Von Doom's private space station. However an accident will flood the station with cosmic rays and Reed, Ben, Sue and Johnny will gain amazing powers thus becoming the Fantastic Four. But, the four of them aren't the only ones affected by the cosmic rays... Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 