nm0005118:

 Outta Time (2002)Summaries A handsome and talented college student, David Morales, is devastated when a bum knee causes him to lose his scholarship to the University of San Diego. Unwilling to disappoint his proud mother, Morales wastes no time in looking for a job to pay his way through school. So when he meets the mysterious Professor Darabont who offers him a very well paying job to transport sealed packages across the Mexican border, Morales cannot refuse. Sujit R. Varma It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Me Again (2012)Summaries Things don't go as expected when a disenchanted pastor wishes for a different life. Frustrated, deeply dissatisfied and burned out, Pastor Chaplin prays to have a different life. Much to his consternation (and in resemblance to his favorite TV show, Quantum Leap), his "request" is granted. Now he finds himself living the lives of many other, all living about in his town, and wishing this nightmare would end. statmanjeff It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Repli-Kate (2002)Summaries A scientist and his sidekick accidentally clone a journalist and decide to turn the mistake into Repli-Kate, their idea of the perfect woman, who loves beer, football, and frat parties. A teenage scientist/lab technician named Max Fleming has just met the woman of his dreams -- beautiful, smart and sexy magazine reporter Kate Carson, who is trying to gain some scientific information from Max for an article she's working on about the lab where Max works. Unfortunately, a science geek like Max isn't Kate's type. One day, during an experiment, Max accidentally clones Kate. With the help of his buddy, Henry, Max takes advantage of the situation and transforms his Repli-Kate into a more mature and masculine-centered type of person -- a perfect mate. But when Max's maniacal boss, Dr. Jonas, has the real Kate return to finish her story on the genetic lab, Max is thrilled. Soon, Max realizes that the real Kate represents true perfection and love rather than the over-the-top Repli-Kate. Soon, the real Kate begins to fall for Max too, until she discovers Max's little secret. Kevin <kevin_blaze@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Little Boy (2015)431) An eight-year-old boy is willing to do whatever it takes to end World War II so he can bring his father home. The story reveals the indescribable love a father has for his little boy and the love a son has for his father. Little Pepper Busbee (Jakob Salvati) enjoys an idyllic life in an American small town, but his world is shattered when his beloved father (Michael Rapaport) is sent off to fight in World War II. But a chance encounter with a stage magician (Ben Chaplin) awakens his dormant abilities and clues him into the power of faith. Now his devotion to his father will extend past time and space and into the realm of miracles.. Nicknamed "Little Boy", eight-year-old Pepper Flynt Busbee leads a carefree life in pre-World War II O'Hare, California. Nurturing a special bond with his father, James, the boy is devastated when war breaks out, and his beloved parent is summoned to fight the Japanese. Now, left all alone, desolate Pepper embarks on a challenging mission to bring his father back, one good deed at a time. But, when faith moves mountains, is anything impossible? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. LITTLE BOY is the inspirational story of a 7-year old boy who is willing to do whatever it takes to end World War II so he can bring his father home. The story reveals the indescribable love a father has for his little boy and the love a son has for his father. 