nm0007012:

 Mela (2000)44) When a village belle's brother is killed by a bandit, she vows revenge and enlists the help of two truckers-cum-theatre artists in her mission. Roopa, a beautiful young village belle is much loved by the villagers of Chandanpur. Chandanpur celebrates a huge Mela every year and this year, they invite a Minister to inaugurate it. In an assassination attempt that follows, a massacre takes place. Chandanpur is devastated and Roopa's family gets wiped out. She vows revenge. Into her life enter two men, the gregarious Kishan and the volatile Shankar, causing much upheaval in their relationship. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com On the occasion of a village social get together; Rupa's brother Ram Singh from the Indian army return and announces his decision of getting his sister marry to a police officer. In celebration the village gather together but this does not last long as the village is soon attack by a gang of bandits headed by the notorious Gujjar Singh. Gujjar attempt to abduct Rupa, her brother comes to her aid but is killed in the process and allot of innocent loses their lives in trying to take on Gujjar. Gujjar then hauled Rupa off but before he could take any action on her she jump overboard a huge water-fall. The next morning she woke up and is surprise to be alive with a motive of locating the man her brother wants to marry her to so that she can get him to avenge the death of her brother. She find out that her fianc is in Belapur and takes help of a truck-driver, Shankar and his friend Kishan Pyare to travel in their truck to Belapur. She alights at Belapur only to find an alcoholic fianc who attempt to rape her but her luck holds out and she manages to escape only to land into Gujjar's men path who is in the process of carrying her off; then Kishan and Shankar comes to her assistance and she decides to fabricate a story so that she can get them to take on Gujjar. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Roopa lives in a small town called Belapur with her two brothers, Gopal and Ram an officer in the Indian army, and her widowed mom. A Minister from the ruling party comes to visit their town, and the Sarpanch, Mukhiya Murari, decides to organize a mela (fair) in his honor. The Minister arrives to the sound of dancers, trumpets and music, which does not last long as terrorists attack the town, killing and injuring many. The terrorist are headed by notorious bandit, Gujjar Singh, who has taken a fancy to Roopa, and would like her to be his woman. Soon Gujjar and his men take over the town, and he openly declares his affections for Roopa, who refuses him and calls upon Ram, to save her. Ram does come to her rescue, but is killed by Gujjar, and Roopa is abducted and hauled away. Roopa is told that she will never have a brother again nor will anyone dare to marry her, and that she will spend the rest of her life as Gujjar's mistress. In response Roopa throws herself down a cliff into a waterfall. She survives, meets with Kishan and Shankar, but tells them a different background story, and that her name Radha. Kishan is attracted to Roopa and both fall in love. When Kishan finds out that Radha is really Roopa, he gets upset with her. She runs away from him, back to her town, where she finds out that her mother is distraught, and her younger brother, Gopal, too has been killed by Gujjar. It is then Kishan and Shankar also enter this town, and after many discussions decide to set up a trap for Gujjar by organizing another mela. When Gujjar finds out that Roopa is back, he gathers together his men and they storm the town, and encounter some resistance - which they soon overcome. Soon Shankar and Kishan are at Gujjar's mercy, and it looks like history is going to repeat itself all over again - and this time Gujjar will make sure that nothing goes wrong. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chal Mere Bhai (2000)Summaries Vicky, a businessman, loves his younger brother Prem, who spends his time chasing women. The family feels that secretary Sapna will make a good wife for Vicky, but she is already in love with Prem. The wealthy Oberoi family consists of dad, Balraj, his mother, and two sons, namely Vicky and Prem. Vicky is in love with a beautiful young woman, and they hope to marry soon. Unfortunately, this woman passes away in an accident, leaving Vikcy devastated and heart-broken. Vicky takes the responsibility of running the family business, and this is where he meets with a klutz named Sapna Mehra, a woman who wants a job as as his secretary, but has no skills whatsoever. Vicky refuses to hire her, and she tearfully exits the office, only to run into Balraj, who takes pity on her and hires her. Vicky does not go against his dad's wishes and accepts Sapna as his secretary. Vicky gets involved in a fight and is severely wounded and hospitalized. Sapna spends all her free time looking after him, and the Oberoi family feel she will make a good wife for Vicky. Vicky accepts the family's decision. But no one took the trouble of asking Sapna if she really loves Vicky or his younger Casanova-like brother, Prem? rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Joru Ka Ghulam (2000)44) A conman disguises himself as a groom in order to con a wealthy yet a troubled businessman, later reforms his criminal ways to win his ladylove. Dhaneshwar Pitamber, has four daughters. All the four daughters are not ready to marry, each one having their own reason. The daughters always play mischievous tricks on the one coming with a proposal of marriage, and their gang leader is the youngest daughter Durga. Kader Khan is so desperate to get his daughters married that he is ready to give a dowry of five crores to each son-in-law. Raja and Kanahaiya are small time con men at the airport. Raju Patel is an NRI from America who comes to India to get married to one of the daughters of Dhaneshwar. Raja and Dhaneshwar mistake Raja as Raju Patel and take him home. In order to get five crores Raja solves the problems of the daughters and makes them ready for getting married. How Raja solves the daughter's problems forms the crux of the story. Ashish Vidyarthi as a don obsessed in becoming a villain in films, plays a key character in the whole story. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Raja , Kanhaiya and his uncle flee to Mumbai after conning a Don Pappu Anna.Dyaneshwarprasad Pitamber a businessman has everything.But feels nothing for him as his four daughters aren't ready for marriage.Raja cons Raju and NRI and enters the house of Pitamber along with Kanhaiya he falls in love with his elder daughter Durga and convinces her for marriage on pretext of taking her wealth.But Pitamber lays a condition to that his son in law's will attain all his wealth equally only if his other daughter's marry on the same day as Durga and Raja .Raja convinces all his daughter's to marry by solving their problem and has a change of heart and decides not to con Pitamber.But Pappu Anna arrives in his search of and wants him dead. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Wealthy Dyaneshwarprasad Pitamber has a problem, to be precise four problems - his four uncontrollable daughters, named after four Goddesses: Lakhsmi, Saraswati, Parvati, and Durga, who refuse to be disciplined, and be married. Pitamber arranges for Raju Patel to come from the U.S. and marry at least one of his daughters. Unfortunately, Raju is waylaid at the airport by two con men, Raja and Kanhaiya, and his luggage, clothes, and id. is taken over by them, and he is left in barely basic clothing at the airport, mistaken for a beggar. Raja assumes the id. of Raju, and Kanhaiya accompanies him to Pitamber's house. Once there, they are welcomed with open arms by Pitamber, and Raja agrees to all conditions set up by Pitamber and his daughters in order to get married and inherit part of the vast wealth and fortune. Sensing something wrong somewhere, Pitamber asks Raja to locate three other grooms for his three daughters also, otherwise no marriage will take place, as he wants all four daughters to be married at the same time. With all four refusing to marry anyone, looks like Raja and Kanhaiya have a lot on their hands, apart from hiding from notorious criminal Pappu Anna, who has sworn to kill them for making him suffer a huge financial loss. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Barsaat (1995)Summaries A naive young man and a rich city girl fall in love. Her stepfather, however, doesn't approve of the match and will stop at nothing to split the pair. Badal comes from a rural village to take an enrollment into a college in the city. He meets his fellow collegian, Tina Oberoi and both gets acquainted with each other and after a few misgivings both fall in love with each other; only to learn that Tina's wealthy father, Dinesh Oberoi is against this relationship. Dinesh attempt to malign Badal's reputation by accusing him of raping a female but Tina testify in favor of Badal. Dinesh then make an attempt to bribe Badal with money but Badal refuses and continues to meet with Tina. When things goes out of hand Dinesh decides to hire a corrupt Assistant Commissioner of Police Neghi to kill Badal. Neghi then decides that he will go to any length to complete the task assign to him. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Badal (Bobby Deol) is a naive but intelligent young man who comes from a small village to the big city. He is introduced to city life by Damru (Harish Patel) who now calls himself Danny. When Badal attends college, he meets with pretty and percocious, Tina Oberoi (Twinkle Khanna), and after a few misunderstanding and misadventures, both fall in love. This is not taken well by Tina's dad, (Raj Babbar), who hopes to marry Tina with his friend's (Bharat Kapoor) son. Tina's dad complains to the college principal (Vijay Kashyap), but Tina testifies in favour of Badal. Tina's dad then asks a corrupt cop, Neghi, who is the city's Assistant Commissioner of Police, for assistance. Neghi arrests Badal on trumped up charges and imprisons him. Badal's dad (Mukesh Khanna) also comes to the big city to try and make sense of why Badal ended up in prison. Tina's dad gives a contract to Neghi to have Badal killed, to which Neghi agrees and hires a gang of ruthless outlaws to hunt and kill Badal. He also pressurizes Tina not to acknowledge and meet Badal anymore, and Tina reluctantly agrees. Will Badal survive? Will Tina and Badal's love be fated to end tragically? rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 