nm0000176:

 Tess (1979)55) A strong-willed young peasant girl attracts the affection of two men. Wessex County, England during the Victorian era. Christian values dominate what are social mores. These mores and her interactions with two men play a large part in what happens in the young life of peasant girl, the shy, innocent, proper yet proud Tess Durbeyfield. The first of these men is Alec d'Urberville. After learning from a local historian that they are really descendants of the aristocratic d'Urberville family which has died out due to lack of male heirs, Tess' parents send her to a nearby mansion where they know some d'Urbervilles actually reside. This move is in order for the family to gain some benefit from their heritage. Upon her arrival at the mansion, Tess quickly learns that the family of Tess' "cousin" Alec are not true d'Urbervilles, but rather an opportunistic lot who bought the family name in order to improve their own standing in life. Tess is pulled between what she was sent to accomplish for her family against her general disdain for Alec, who will give her anything she wants in return for sexual favors. The second of these men is Angel Clare, the son of a parson and an apprentice farmer. Angel and Tess fall in love with each other. Tess has to decide if she will divulge to Angel her past relationship with Alec, which if she does may jeopardize their own relationship. But if she doesn't, Tess also has to figure out if the secret will haunt her and thus jeopardize their relationship in other ways. Huggo In Roman Polanski 's take on "Tess of the D'Urbervilles," impressionable young Tessis sent by her alcoholic father to visit her rich relatives and apply for a job. She's taken in and immediately seduced by her cousin, Alec, who leaves her pregnant. She keeps it to herself and, after the child dies, begins a relationship with a respectable farmer, Angel. They marry, but when Angel learns of her speckled past, he's not sure he can live with it. Jwelch5742 A strong-willed peasant girl (Kinski) is sent by her father to the estate of some local aristocrats to capitalise on a rumor that their families are from the same line. This fateful visit commences an epic narrative of sex, class, betrayal, and revenge. In the Victorian period, a rural clergyman tells John Durbeyfield, a simple farmer, that he is descended from the illustrious d'Urberville family -- now extinct. Or maybe not. Durbeyfield sends his daughter Tess to check on a family named d'Uberville living in a manor house less than a day's carriage ride away. Alec d'Urberville is delighted to meet his beautiful "cousin" and seduces her with strawberries and roses. Actually, Alec has gotten his illustrious name and coat of arms by purchasing them. Tess also takes up the game of illusion when she finds, loses and finds again her true love Angel Claire. Dale O'Connor <daleoc@interaccess.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cat People (1982)431) A young woman's sexual awakening brings horror when she discovers her urges transform her into a monstrous black leopard. The Cat People originated way back in time, when humans sacrificed their women to leopards, who mated with them. Cat People look similar to humans, but must mate with other Cat People before they transform into panthers. Irene Gallier was raised by adoptive parents and meets her older brother Paul for the first time since childhood. We follow brother and sister - who seem to be the only ones of their kind left. Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com> Irene Gallier, a beautiful young woman is on the bridge of sexuality; she discovers love for the first time only to find that the explosive experience brings with it tragic results. However, the tremendous passion of this girl's first romantic love is so strong, it bypasses the terror around her - including her brother's unusual demands - as it pushes her on to her own bizarre destiny. Desire... passion... blood, her lust transforms her into one of the Cat People. MCA Home Video Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Irena Gallier (Natassia Kinski) is a young woman whom was raised by adoptive parents and is, for the first time since childhood, meeting her older brother Paul living in New Orleans. Paul (Malcolm McDowell) meets Irene when she arrives at the airport and drives her home to his apartment. Paul lives by himself with only his housekeeper Female (pronounced Fee-MAL-ee) (Ruby Dee) to look after him. Irena and Paul are descended from a line of 'cat people,' people who turn into panthers after mating and who must then kill in order to take human form again. Irena knows nothing about this side of her ancestry. She is still a virgin, so she has no idea what sex will do to her. On the other hand, Paul has been living with this knowledge for years and has worked out a system whereby he uses hookers as his prey. In fact, on Irena's first night in New Orleans, Paul arranges for a hooker (Lynn Lowry) to meet with him at a cheap hotel. Unfortunately (for Paul) but fortunately (for the hooker), the hooker escapes with her life and Paul is left in his panther form, trapped in a hotel room. Curator Oliver Yates (John Heard) and his assistants, Alice Perrin (Annette O'Toole) and Joe Creigh (Ed Begley Jr), from the New Orleans Zoo, are called to capture the black panther and put him behind bars. With Paul gone, Irena decides to spend her first full day in New Orleans by seeing the sights. First, a taxi ride through the French Quarter; then a stop at the zoo where she is fascinated by the new panther, so fascinated that she is still there sketching him 1-1/2 hours after the zoo has closed. When Oliver startles Irena, she drops her sketch pad and runs for the trees, winding up on top of one. Oliver coaxes her down. After noticing that Irena feels excessively warm, Oliver takes her inside and puts a cool cloth on her forehead. Thinking her exhaustion might be due to hunger, they decide to get something to eat. During the dinner conversation, Oliver learns that Irena is looking for a job and hires her to work in the zoo's gift shop. Irena's first day on the job is memorable. Alice introduces herself to Irena, and the two get lunch. A strange woman calls Irena 'mi hermana' (my sister). That afternoon, as Irena continues looking at the black panther, it suddenly goes crazy and when Joe tries subduing it, the panther graphically rips Joe's right arm off and he quickly bleeds to death. By the time Oliver gets back with his gun to kill the beast, however, the panther has disappeared. When Irena gets home that evening, Paul returns, but he no longer seems so brotherly. He claims that he was "in jail" during his time away. He tries to get Irena to have sex with him, telling her that he's the only one who can touch her and she's the only one who can touch him. Irena knows only that she is attracted to Oliver and wants nothing to do with having sex with her brother, so she runs off. While running in the street, Irena flags down a police car, but they find no one chasing her. However, when the police dog begins going nuts, they do a search of the area. The police dog leads them to Paul's basement where they find a cage, chains, and parts of several bodies. A check on Paul Gallier shows that he's been in and out of mental institutions since the age of 10, when his parents killed themselves. They were circus performers, and Paul grew up around big cats. Thinking that Paul might have been the one keeping the escaped panther, they call the Zoo. Oliver and Alice come over. It is the policeman's opinion that Paul meant to kill Irena, so he suggests that she find someplace else to live. Oliver offers her a place to stay with him. Irena is becoming more and more troubled. As if the stuff with Paul wasn't bad enough, one night she finds herself running on all fours after a rabbit. It's also becoming apparent to her that she is falling in love with Oliver, and he with her, but she tells him that she cannot make love to him. Alice is also in love with Oliver, and this is evoking feelings of rivalry in Irena. A week goes by, and the search for the escaped panther has proven fruitless. In the meantime, Paul has murdered another girl. He feels that he can no longer go on like this. He crashes through Irena's bedroom window one night and, once more, tries to have sex with her. It's the only way they can live, he explains, just as their parents, who were also brother and sister, lived together as husband and wife. Irena refuses and stabs him with a piece of broken window glass. Paul turns into a panther. When Oliver comes home, Alice in tow, he is attacked by the panther. Alice gets the shotgun and shoots it dead. When Oliver autopsies the panther, he is horrified to see a human hand in its stomach, after which the entire panther spontaneously disintegrates. The next morning, Alice is out jogging. It's getting late, and she stops at the gym for a quick swim and change of clothes. As she is getting undressed, she hears a growl. Afraid, Alice jumps into the pool. Suddenly, the lights go out and the growling gets louder. Alice begins to scream. When the lights are turned back on, Irena is standing there. The receptionist hands Alice her robe, only to find that it is torn into shreds. Alice calls Oliver to warn him of her experience, but Oliver is too charmed by Irena, who has just returned and is taking off her clothes, letting him know that she is ready to make love. Afterwards, she turns into a panther, but she leaves before she can harm Oliver. She is spotted near the bridge. SWAT teams have been called to corner the panther. Oliver and Alice arrive. Despite this presence, the panther gets away. Oliver goes looking for Irena. He finds her in human form because she has killed. Irena begs Oliver to kill her. Oliver refuses, so Irena asks him to free her by making love once more. "I want to live with my own" she says. Oliver binds her arms and legs to the bed, strips off all of her clothes, and makes love to her. In the final scene, Oliver stops at the new panther's cage at the zoo. It is obvious that the "re-captured panther" is Irena, now trapped forever in her panther form. Oliver reaches through the bars and strokes the docile panther's neck. 
 Terminal Velocity (1994)Summaries A maverick skydiver and a former KGB agent team up to stop the Russian mafia from stealing gold. Ditch Brodie is a maverick skydiving instructor. One day, a beautiful girl comes in, wanting to take her first jump. Up in the air, Ditch takes his eyes off her momentarily, then looks back to find out that she has fallen out, dying on impact. Ditch is suspicious that all is not as it seems, because he distinctly remembers hooking her static line on... Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Paris, Texas (1984)761) Travis Henderson, an aimless drifter who has been missing for four years, wanders out of the desert and must reconnect with society, himself, his life, and his family. A man wanders out of the desert after a four year absence. His brother finds him, and together they return to L.A. to reunite the man with his young son. Soon after, he and the boy set out to locate the mother of the child, who left shortly after the man disappeared. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> After an absence of 4 years, Travis Henderson suddenly reappears in a deserted part of south Texas. His brother Walt fetches him and he is soon reunited with his son Hunter. He can't really explain why he's been away or why he's suddenly reappeared. Walt has been raising Travis' son Hunter and it takes a while for the two of them to get reacquainted. They eventually set off together to find Jane, Travis' wife and Hunter's mother. She is found working in a peep show in Houston but a happy family reunion isn't in the cards. garykmcd A man stumbles out of the desert in southern Texas. He appears to be mute, and doesn't respond to questions. The hospital he ends up in calls his brother in California, who comes to take him back to LA. His brother hasn't seen him in four years. What caused him to be catatonic and wandering around in the desert? grantss Four years after he disappeared without a trace, Travis Henderson reemerges in the small US border town of Terlingua, Texas, where his Los Angeles residing brother Walt Henderson must retrieve him. Travis, looking a little worse for wear, is initially mum about everything that has happened in his life in the intervening years, especially why he and his wife, Jane Henderson, individually abandoned their lives and their marriage which resulted in who was their then four year old son Hunter Henderson being dropped off with Walt and his wife, Anne Henderson. Believing that Travis and Jane had both since died, Walt and Anne have raised Hunter as their own, he who does not generally remember either of his biological parents. Travis' return is thus bittersweet for Walt and Anne who have to decide what to do about Hunter and his relationship with his biological father, which nonetheless is strained in Hunter not really knowing Travis. Travis' return is not by accident as it is just the next step in he reconciling his life with regard to Hunter which involves his want to go to Paris, Texas, where he has purchased some property. But that reconciliation takes a turn when Anne divulges some information to him, which leads to a trip to Houston to make that reconciliation perhaps not more holistic but just in Travis' mind. Huggo Drifting aimlessly along the barren and dusty Texan desert, a weather-beaten, silent, and amnesiac Travis reunites with his brother after four long years of self-exile. Little by little, Travis--smitten with remorse and brimming with repressed emotions--makes an effort to reconnect with civilisation; after all, his eight-year-old son, Hunter, and his missing wife, Jane, now need him more than ever. The faded memories of a once-happy life; the monotonous stretches of lonely open roads; mute but fiery anticipation, and thousands of kilometres separate Travis from reconciliation. Will he ever find closure? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with sweeping shots of the vast, barren Texas desert as the camera follows a man wandering through this terrain. The man is shown entering a rundown bar as he collapses in exhaustion. The next day, a doctor treating the speechless traveler makes a call to a family member, who we discover is the brother of the ailing man, recommending that he pick his brother up. As Walt, the brother of the wanderer Travis, leaves for Texas from Los Angeles, before the doctor has returned to his patient, the viewer finds that Travis has taken off continuing his wandering through the empty land. Travis is finally found and picked up by Walt in South Texas as Walt tells his silent brother that they are heading back to Southern California. Though Travis is yet to speak, the viewer hears Walt explain how he has not seen nor heard from Travis in four years. Their first stop along the road is a small motel where they plan to rest for the night, but when Walt leaves to get food from the market, Travis starts the shower and takes off again. Walt returns to discover Travis is gone and quickly tracks him down not far up the road and is able to get him back into the car. The next scene shows the two in a diner, Travis still silent, and Walt begins to question Travis more forcefully about his disappearance adding that he left his son, Hunter, behind when he was three for Walt to take care of in Travis' absence. The viewer sees Travis is effected by the mention of his abandoned son as tears flow from his eyes; however, he still fails to answer Walt's inquiries. The pair continue on their road trip the following day and finally Travis begins to speak in the car. He produces a weathered photograph of a vacant lot with a "For Sale" sign explaining to Walt that he purchased the property and that it is located in Paris, Texas- a city mentioned to him by their mother that he believes to be the location of his conception. While Walt is curious about this idea, he claims that he is continuing on to Los Angeles to bring Travis to his son. Upon their arrival, Travis meets the wife of Walt, who has practically mothered Hunter for the last four years, and he confronts the young boy, who is uncomfortable and timid towards the stranger. Walt decides that showing some old home videos might help to break the ice of the awkward relationship between Travis and Hunter. The videos show touching moments of Travis with a newborn Hunter and his wife, Jane, sharing a day at the beach with Walt and his wife. That night, the viewer sees Travis carry out chores around the house as he is sleepless and bewildered by his presence in this house with his son. The next day, Travis shows up at Hunter's school attempting to walk home with him; yet, Hunter sees him across the street, grows weary, and jumps in a car with a friend. Hunter explains that night to Walt's wife that he does not want to walk home at all from school, and certainly not with Travis. She pleads with him to give Travis a chance as he sighs somewhat in compliance. Travis tries again the next day to walk Hunter home and he makes progress as the two silently walk on opposite sides of the street. The viewer sees that eventually Travis's persistence pays off as he and Hunter are beginning to converse more on their walks. One night, as father and son have now grown more comfortable with each other, Walt's wife tells Travis in secrecy that she knows Jane, Hunter's mother, is still around and that she in fact deposits money into a bank account for Hunter on the same day of every month. She goes on to tell Travis the name of the bank and that it is located in Houston, Texas. Travis is almost immediately determined to seek Jane out and he tells Hunter of his plan the next night, explaining why he has to leave, as Hunter tells his father that he wants to accompany him on his journey. The following day, after school, the two of them leave together without telling Walt or his wife and once they are far enough out of town, Hunter calls the house telling his caretakers for the last four years that he has left for Texas with Travis. Walt and his wife are devastated as they have both grown extremely close to the boy, but know that they could not have kept him forever. The following scenes show the growing closeness between Travis and his son on this road trip including Hunter educating Travis on things he has learned in school, Travis telling Hunter a little about Jane, and Hunter sleeping comfortably on his dad. They finally arrive at the bank in Houston on the expected day of the deposit and they split up with walkie-talkies to try and locate Jane's car. Hunter spots her as she is leaving and the two make haste to follow her down the highway. The suspected car eventually stops at a place of business and Hunter is told to wait in the car as Travis enters the building. The viewer soon discovers that the business is a peep-show parlor of sorts, where customers sit in a room at a chair on the opposite side of a one-way mirror instructing the female employees as to what they want to see via a telephone-intercom. Travis is shocked, but he enters one of the rooms requesting a blonde whom he hopes will be Jane. The first woman sent into the room is not Jane and he moves to another room where he finds Jane, ready to please her customer, but he is unable to speak. After much silence and confusion on the part of Jane, Travis walks out and returns to the car with Hunter, angry and vague in his explanation as to what he saw. Travis then drives to a bar and begins to drink as Hunter complains and Travis's irritability grows. They return back to their hotel room and Hunter confesses his distaste for this "side" of Travis while Travis is slowly making up his mind as to how to deal with the situation. The next day, Travis drives Hunter to a hotel in downtown Houston and drops him off in a room telling him again to wait there while Travis heads back to Jane's work. He goes into a room where Jane enters on the other side of the glass, he picks up the phone, turns his chair so that it faces away from Jane, and begins to speak. He speaks broadly at first, telling the story of a "man" and a "young girl" who met and quickly fell in love with each other. They soon had a child, he says, and married probably before they were really ready for either. Jane is initially confused, wondering why this man might be telling her this, but her confusion transforms into astonishment as Travis's story grows more and more detailed and she begins to grasp who it is on the other side of the glass telling the true story of their relationship. Travis describes how "this couple's" love turned from joyful to stifling, explaining how the drunken "man" was suffocating the "young girl" with his jealousy and control that he tried to impose on her. He tells how the "man" went so far as to tie a cowbell to the "young girl's" foot so that he would hear if she was trying to leave in the middle of the night and how one time, the "man" caught the "young girl" and tied her to the stove with his belt. Jane is coming to tears while Travis continues to speak, informing the viewer of how he came to loathe himself and why he had disappeared for so long never wanting to see a trace of anybody. When he finally finishes, Jane expresses how hard it had been for her to move on from Travis and that she often wondered what had become of him. He finally faces the glass, turning a lamp on his face so that Jane can get a faint glimpse of him. He tells Jane that Hunter is in a hotel room waiting for her and that he would like her to go there to be reunited with him for good. Jane agrees and Travis leaves the room. The final scene follows as the viewer watches Jane enter the hotel room where Hunter is waiting and embrace her child. 