nm0007928:

 State of Nature (1998)Summaries The story of Jack, a young man faced with an important life decision. Jack is torn between two opposing forces: the woman he loves, and a domineering friend from the past. Unfortunately, only one of these people has his best interests in mind. Chad Galster <verbal@calweb.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Black Scorpion (2001)Summaries The City of Angels is falling apart, and crime pervades the city to the core. The mayor is corrupt, the police are inept, the city needs a figure to take control of the situation. Then in the light of day Darcy Walker is a cop, but in the dark of night she becomes the Black Scorpion. She does with a mask what she can't do with a badge. This is vigilante justice, old school style. Jeff (DrkAngel_113) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Inquisition (1999)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gone in the Dark (2014)211) The peace of an imperfect family is shattered when a twisted serial killer invades their home. They must work together to overcome the intruder, whose awful intentions are to shake them awake from their American Dream. Based on true events. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The peace of an imperfect family is shattered when a twisted serial criminal invades their home. Charlie, his wife, Shannon and their five year old son, Sammie must work together if they are to overcome the deranged man, whos terrible intentions are to shake them awake from their American dream. 