nm0008661:

 Halo: Reach (2010 Video Game)Summaries A highly-trained branch of the UNSC known as the Noble Team must defend the planet of Reach from a massive Covenant invasion. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Destroy All Humans! 2 (2006 Video Game)Summaries Crypto is back with the Furons to take over in all parts of the world. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Destroy All Humans! (2005 Video Game)Summaries You are Cryptospordium-137, a Furon sent to Earth to collect Furon DNA embedded in humans. Due to centuries of unregulated nuclear warfare, a race of aggressive aliens known as the Furons has been rendered sterile, and forced to depend on cloning to reproduce. To help keep the genetic code of the Furons pristine, a trigger-happy Furon soldier named Cryptosporidium-137 is ordered to travel to 1950s Earth and steal genetic material from the indigenous sentient lifeforms. Along the way, he'll also have to investigate the disappearance of his clone predecessor, Cryptosporidium-136, uncover and foil a dastardly government conspiracy, and of course... "Destroy All Humans!" Andrew P. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bad Country (2014)44) In 1980s Louisiana a police detective arrests a contract killer. To be with his wife and newborn, he becomes an informant and assists in taking down the crime ring boss etc. FBI, blood and revenge follows. When Baton Rouge police detective Bud Carter busts contract killer Jesse Weiland, he convinces Jesse to become an informant and rat out the South's most powerful crime ring. So when the syndicate orders Carter's death and Weiland's ID'd as a snitch, the two team up to take down the mob and the crime boss who ordered Sony Pictures Home Entertainment It's 1983 in the South Louisiana bayou country. Lt. Bud Case with the Baton Rouge PD is able to arrest Aryan Jesse Weiland the subsequent result of an undercover operation on a precious gems fencing operation, Weiland who has an arms length prior rap sheet of various criminal offenses. While Case only has possible weapons and burglary charges against Weiland which could still place him behind bars for decades, Case believes there is more to what Weiland has been involved in based on his cool demeanor, meaning that he has some powerful people behind him who he expects will be able to get him free. Case learns that Weiland's main role in the criminal world is as a contract killer, and as such probably knows where bodies are buried which if known by the authorities could place his employers away. Facing potential life in prison with the priors and parole violation, Weiland, largely for the sake of his wife Lynn and their newborn son Tommy, decides to accept Case's offer to help collect evidence to bring down one of the biggest crime rings in the area led by Lutin Adams. Part of that negotiation includes placing Lynn and Tommy in hiding in the guise to Weiland's associates of she having gone away due to them having marital problems. As they get further into this operation and as Lutin suspects there is a snitch in his operation as one problem after another starts to arise, Case and the Weilands' lives could be in further danger if they are discovered. On Case's side, not all is smooth either as he has continuing issues with who the Attorney General's office in Washington has assigned to the case, Martin Fitch, who Case considers a neophyte and pretentious prick. Huggo In 1983, in Louisiana, Lieutenant Bud Carter and his team arrest the contract killer Jesse Weiland. He uses Jesse's love for his wife Lynn Weiland and their baby to force him to work undercover for the local police and then for the FBI to bring down a powerful Mob that employed Jesse to hit enemies. In return, Carter promises to protect Lynn and her son. But when the mobster Lutin Adams learns that there is a snitcher in the organization, Jesse becomes his prime-suspect. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 