nm0000103:

 Almost Famous (2000)541) A high-school boy in the early 1970s is given the chance to write a story for Rolling Stone magazine about an up-and-coming rock band as he accompanies them on their concert tour. The early 1970s. William Miller is 15-years old and an aspiring rock journalist. He gets a job writing for Rolling Stone magazine. His first assignment: tour with the band Stillwater and write about the experience. Miller will get to see what goes on behind the scenes in a famous band, including the moments when things fall apart. Moreover, for him, it will be a period of new experiences and finding himself. grantss Set in 1973, it chronicles the funny and often poignant coming of age of 15-year-old William, an unabashed music fan who is inspired by the seminal bands of the time. When his love of music lands him an assignment from Rolling Stone magazine to interview the up-and-coming band Stillwater -- fronted by lead guitar Russell Hammond and lead singer Jeff Bebe William embarks on an eye-opening journey with the band's tour, despite the objections of his protective mother. Jwelch5742 William Miller is a 15-year-old kid hired by Rolling Stone magazine to tour with and write about Stillwater, an up and coming rock band. This wonderfully witty coming-of-age film follows William as he falls face first to confront life, love, and lingo. Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens with William Miller (Michael Angarano), living at home with his mother Elaine (Frances McDormand) and his sister Anita (Zooey Deschanel) in San Diego, California. While William gets along well with his mother and sister separately, both of the women in his life are at odds with each other. Elaine struggles to keep some form of control over Anita, who feels that her mother is too overbearing and controlling. During this time, it is revealed to William that his Mom skipped him ahead 2 grades, as all his classmates around him are 13, and he's 11. William's life also is thrown for a loop when his sister Anita decides to leave home to become a stewardess, in order to escape from her Mom. After she leaves, William finds that Anita has left him her record collection. Her collection ends up having a major impact on William. By the time he turns 15, William (Patrick Fugit) has become interested in rock music and journalism, writing for several underground newspapers, and Creem Magazine, edited by one of his idols, famed rock writer Lester Bangs (Philip Seymour Hoffman). One day, William encounters Lester in San Diego, and the two discuss rock music and journalism. Even though Lester claims the industry is destroying the genre and rock journalism is not a stable thing, he sees a determination in William to succeed, and requests he interview Black Sabbath, who are set to play at the San Diego Sports Arena. William attempts to get in, but is rebuked by the doorman at the arena. Unsure what to do, he meets a group of girls who call themselves Band-Aides. William is introduced to their leader, Penny Lane (Kate Hudson), who explains their philosophy, of how they are not groupies but are there to support the music. Shortly thereafter, William manages to get into the arena when he meets the opening act for the night: the band Stillwater. Complimenting them on their sound and musical talent, they invite William to join them backstage. During this time, William ends up interviewing them, with the bulk of the interview coming from member Jeff Bebe (Jason Lee). William ends up watching the concert from side-stage, as the band opens for Black Sabbath, performing the song "Fever Dog." After the show, Lead guitarist Russell Hammond (Billy Crudup) invites William to meet them at the Continental Hyatt House in Los Angeles, and tells William that they'd like Penny Lane to come along. William informs Penny and as they exit the sports arena, she gives him her contact information, and tells him of her life's goal: she plans to live in Morocco for one year. A few days later (unknown to his mother), William sneaks off to Los Angeles with Penny, where they meet up with the band at the Hyatt House (nicknamed 'The Riot House'). It is here that William sees there may be some chemistry going on between Russell and Penny. He also is introduced to Polexia Aphrodesia (Anna Paquin), and Vic Munoz (Jay Baruchel). A few days later, William gets a call from Ben Fong-Torres (Terry Chen) of Rolling Stone magazine. William disguises the fact that he's 15 years old, and pitches his voice lower. Fong-Torres compliments him on his work, and asks William about any bands he'd like to cover. William suggests Stillwater, and soon joins the band on the road, traveling with the Band-Aides on the band's bus (named Doris), much to the horror of his mother, who fears that this will interfere with his school work & derail Williams' future. Along the way, a number of incidents happen to which William is privy: At an outdoor stage event, Russell is electrocuted, sending the band scrambling from the venue, much to the anger of the show's promoter. The band trashes the trailer provided by the promoter, who seems unconcerned about Russell's injury. When the promoter has the arena gates locked, the band has their driver crash the bus through them to escape. -Jeff Bebe gets into a heated row with Russell when the band's first t-shirts arrive, and Russell is the only recognizable person in the band while everyone else is out of focus. The argument is indicative of the problems that have been plaguing the band for an indeterminate time - Russell feels his talent has allowed him to grown beyond the band's limits and Jeff feels Russell is overshadowing his bandmates. -Following the argument, Russell and William end up at a house party in Topeka, KS, where he drops acid and climbs up on a rooftop, proclaiming to be a 'golden god.' (Moments later he jumps off the roof into the swimming pool.) William calls Dick, who comes to the house & convinces Russell to return to the band. -The record company sends a renowned band manager named Dennis Hope (Jimmy Fallon) to replace their current manager, Dick Roswell (Noah Taylor). The band is apprehensive, but give in to Dennis' grand plan for the band to make more money, turning them away from their philosophy of playing 'for the fans.' Dennis is also instrumental in adding more tour dates, getting the band better treatment from concert promoters and stage managers, and the band ditches their beloved tour bus 'Doris' in favor of an airplane. As the tour winds down, William is able to interview almost everyone, but still is not able to get his key interview with Russell. What should have been a simple task becomes mind-numbing, as William is swept up with the tour, causing him to field questions from Ben Fong-Torres about the story, and rousing the ire and worry of his mother (who in one of her classes, proclaims: "rock stars have kidnapped my son"). One night while he talks to his mother, Russell seizes the phone from William and tries to reason with Elaine, who immediately cuts through Russell's charm and lectures him on being more responsible, however respectfully. Russell is somewhat shaken by the conversation. At one of the stops, William is privy to a poker game, in which Dick and Russell wager Penny Lane and the Band-Aides in a game without Penny or the girls knowing. The girls must leave the tour before they arrive in New York where Russell's wife will meet the band. The band Humble Pie ends up "winning" them, and pays Dick and Russell $50 and a case of Heineken beer. William tries to put this out of his mind, but upon hearing how Penny seems to have stepped over the line of supporting the band and fallen for Russell, tells her about the bargain Russell and Dick struck. The news has a devastating effect on Penny, however she takes it good-naturedly at first, asking "What kind of beer?" she & the girls were wagered for. The girls do not accompany the band to New York, but upon getting to the hotel where the band is staying, William runs into Vic, who tells him that Penny Lane is staying at the Plaza Hotel, under the name Emily Rugburn. William then gets a call from Jann Wenner, chief editor of Rolling Stone and Fong-Torres, telling him that the band will grace the cover of their next issue, and that he is permitted to share this news with the band. At a restaurant in New York, this news is met with enthusiasm by the band. However, Russell's girlfriend, Leslie (Liz Strauber) sees Penny in a nearby corner watching Russell. Dick goes over to talk with Penny, who rushes off. William takes off after her and finds her in the Plaza Hotel, where she has overdosed on Quaaludes. William manages to keep Penny conscious until the doctors get there, and after pumping her stomach to get the pills out, Penny and William go for a walk through Central Park, where she tells William the story behind her real name, 'Lady Goodman,' proclaiming that he now knows 'all her secrets.' After their stroll, William takes Penny to the airport, where she flies home to San Diego. William joins the band on the plane as they fly to a new venue. Everyone questions where William went in the middle of dinner the previous night, but he is hesitant to tell them what happened. Suddenly, the plane is caught in the edge of a storm, violently shaking everyone around. Feeling like the plane may crash or break up at any moment, everyone begins to reveal secrets. Dennis reveals that he once hit a man with a car and kept on driving, not taking responsibility for the accident. Dick reveals that he took more money than his regular fee, claiming 'he knew he earned it.' Jeff reveals that he slept with Dick's wife after they broke up, and also slept with Leslie. Two more in the band also reveal they slept with Dick's wife. Jeff, in a moment of rage at Russell, reveals his true anger at Russell, and tells Leslie that Russell had been sleeping with Penny. William, angered at how the band treated Penny, finally tells them what happened to her, and proclaims his love for her. Ed Vallencourt (John Fedevich), who has been silent for some time, finally comes out of the closet. After Ed speaks, the plane makes it through the weather, and everyone stays silent, not speaking for the remainder of the trip. When the plane lands, Russell tells William, that he can write whatever he wants in regards to the band. Exhausted, William reports to Rolling Stone's headquarters in San Francisco, armed with his notes, but still without his key interview with Russell. The editors are astonished to see that William is so young and their fact-checker rants about his notes, saying that they're so disorganized that she'll have a difficult time doing her job. William asks for a single night to finish the piece, and calls Lester Bangs, who tells him to be honest and truthful, suggesting that William shouldn't have allowed himself to befriend the band. The story that William types reveals everything, including Russell's 'golden god' speech and the airplane confessions. Once the band is contacted by Rolling Stone's fact-checker (Erin Foley), the band denies 90% of the story, and William is sent back to San Diego. At the airport, he runs into his sister Anita. Anita offers to take William on an adventure to anywhere... but the only place he wants to go is home. Anita joins William and they go to their home where Anita and Elaine reconcile and William crashes in his own bed. Sometime after, as Stillwater is going their separate ways, one Band-aide whom Penny knows named Sapphire (Fairuza Balk) meets up with Russell, chastising him for what happened to Penny as well as his ruining Williams' story. Nearby, some new groupies are mingling with the band. Sapphire comments how the new girls are not really fans, seeing as they don't love the music, are only into sex without birth control & eat the best food the caterers offer. After talking to Sapphire, Russell is compelled to call Penny and apologize, requesting to meet her. Penny gives him an address, but it is not until he arrives there that he realizes she has given him William's address. Russell first meets Elaine, whom allows him to talk with her son after telling him sternly that William is a fine young man and a trustworthy friend. Russell explains that he retracted his statement to Rolling Stone, confirming that the story was true. William then takes the opportunity to get what he never could before: a one-on-one interview with Russell about what he loves about music. Russell eagerly agrees and tells William that he loves "everything" about music. The film then ends with a montage of different clips that play over Led Zeppelin's "Tangerine": Stillwater goes back on tour, with their old bus 'Doris' as their main mode of transportation (with their 1974 tour called the 'No More Planes Tour'). Russell and Bebe have reconciled. William sits down to breakfast with Anita and his mother, who have reconciled. Finally, we see Penny at an airplane ticket counter, fulfilling her decision to go to Morocco. 
 American History X (1998)761) A former neo-nazi skinhead tries to prevent his younger brother from going down the same wrong path that he did. Derek Vineyard is paroled after serving 3 years in prison for brutally killing two black men who tried to break into/steal his truck. Through his brother's, Danny Vineyard, narration, we learn that before going to prison, Derek was a skinhead and the leader of a violent white supremacist gang that committed acts of racial crime throughout L.A. and his actions greatly influenced Danny. Reformed and fresh out of prison, Derek severs contact with the gang and becomes determined to keep Danny from going down the same violent path as he did. Nitesh D.(nmxpa7@msn.com) Edward Norton plays, Derek Vineyard, an ex neo-nazi ex-con that was a real product of his subtle upbringing and environment. When he gets out of jail he tries to convince his little brother (who he actually introduced to the same hateful life) that he can make better choices. ahmetkozan Derek Vinyard is a skinhead and the leader of a white supremacist gang. After killing two black men who tried to steal his truck he is sent to prison for three years. Prison gives him a time to think about his life and when he comes out he decides to avoid the hate and prejudice of his past. He leaves the gang and attempts to live a normal life. However, his previous actions and prejudices may have influenced his younger brother. grantss Derek Vinyard returns from prison to find his younger brother, Danny, caught in the same web of racism and hatred that landed him in prison. After Derek's father is killed in the line of duty by a minority, Derek's view of mankind is altered, but while in prison, he discovers that there is good and bad in every race. The task before him now is to convince Danny of his newfound enlightenment. Robin <soonerzs@yahoo.com> A brutal Neo Nazi skinhead named Derek Vinyard is tried and sent to prison for three years for the murder of two black guys who tried to steal his truck. When he returns from prison reformed, his younger brother Daniel Vinyard who idolizes him is on the brink of becoming a Neo Nazi himself. Derek must save his younger brother from a similar fate. Emphinix Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, we see waves crashing over a beach which eventually changes to a car driving by various stores. We next see a young teen boy Danny ( Edward Furlong ) trying to sleep but can't due to his older brother Derek ( Edward Norton ) and his girlfriend Stacey ( Fairuza Balk ) having loud sex in the next bedroom. A car drives by with three black men inside. The car stops outside Danny and Derek's house. It then shows Derek is caressing Stacy's naked body, Danny is then slowing turning in his sleep. The three black men slowly get out of their car. One goes over to Derek's truck and the other by his house. The one black man then smashes Derek's truck window awaking Danny. Derek and Stacey are then seen in yet another sexual position, her moaning becoming faster. Danny slowly gets up and peers out from his bedroom window. He sees the man that broke Derek's truck window inside looking around. This startles Danny so he runs into his brother's room to find Stacey riding Derek in the cowgirl position. Danny tells Derek what he witnessed but this startles Stacey and Derek. Derek asks Danny how long the man has been there and if he is strapped, Danny says that he doesn't know. Derek takes a pistol out of a nightstand drawer. He then goes down to the middle of the stairs with Danny following him. Derek tells Danny to stay put. Derek then goes to the door and peers out of the peephole. He then kicks the door in and shoots the one black man twice. The man falls down. The other black man makes a run for it but Derek fires three shots from his gun hitting the man with two of them. The other is uninjured and takes off in Derek's truck. Derek fires multiple shots at the truck breaking the back window. Danny looks down and sees the black man injured from the gunshot wounds. Derek then stars to angrily walk toward him, his arm raised as if to gun whip him. In present time, we see Danny is now sitting in the principal's office, waiting to be summoned. As we move into the office, we hear and see Danny's history teacher, Mr. Murray ( Elliot Gould ), explaining to the principal, Dr. Robert Sweeney ( Avery Brooks ), that Danny wrote a book report on Mein Kampf, Hitler's autobiography that details his anti-Semitic beliefs. Murray tells Dr. Sweeney that he is offended by Danny's gesture and he wants to see him punished. Instead, Sweeney asks Murray to leave and asks Danny to step in. With an American flag toothpick hanging from his mouth, Danny steps into the office and sits down. Dr. Sweeney begins yelling at Danny, telling him that writing what he did is offensive and he only did it because his brother influenced him in that way. Danny argues of course but in the end Sweeney wins and tells him that he is now his new history teacher. The class is called "American History X" and the next assignment is due tomorrow morning; a paper on his brother, Derek ( Edward Norton ), who is currently incarcerated. The next scene opens in the school bathroom with three black boys beating up a white boy for telling the teacher that one of them cheated. Suddenly, Danny appears out of one of the stalls and demands that they stop. One boy, Henry, argues with him but Danny simply blows the smoke from his cigarette into his face. The boys leave, Danny helps the white kid from the ground and tells him that he needs to learn to stand up for himself and they leave. Soon we see Danny walking home from school through a park where some black men are playing basketball; one is Henry. We hear Danny begin to narrate the scene and we learn that before Derek went to jail the white kids in the neighborhood didn't have to be afraid of the black kids because Derek made the area safe. The next scenes are flashbacks explaining Derek's journey from a suburban white kid to a vengeance-seeking white supremacist. When Danny and Derek were younger, a black drug dealer shot their father, an LA firefighter, while he was doing his job. Soon after that, a middle-aged white supremacist, Cameron Alexander ( Stacy Keach ), sought out Derek, hoping to begin a new movement throughout the suburban white youth culture. Cameron convinced Derek that what happened to his father was an act of racism by the black man and it wasn't right and he, or any other white kid, shouldn't be scared. Derek, a natural leader and brilliant orator, began rounding up scared suburban white kids for his new gang and telling them that there was nothing to be afraid of anymore. This new craze became so popular among the kids of Venice Beach that Derek soon became an icon. His legacy started then and continued even throughout the time he spent in jail. The night Derek was arrested, three young Black men were trying to break into his car. Danny hears them and informs his brother. Derek rushed downstairs, gun in hand, and opened the door and began shooting the men. Killing two of the three, Derek then demanded the last man to put his upper teeth on the curb and not move. He then ruthlessly kills him by stomping on the back of his head. Almost immediately after, the police arrive and take Derek away, who submits to them without a fight. As he's handcuffed, Danny sees that Derek has a very telling smile on his face. Later, while Danny attempts to type Sweeney's assignment, he reflects on the fact that if he'd been called into court to testify against his brother, his brother would have been convicted of first degree murder and drawn a much harsher sentence. In jail, Derek tries to find a group of people to hang out with as protection from the Hispanic and black prisoners. Not too long after arriving, he finds a group of white supremacists that accept him. As time went by, Derek noticed and starts to realize the compromises men made to stay ahead in the jail - because the supremacists were a minority, they paid a non-white gang to keep them safe. When he learned that a fellow white supremacist was doing favors for a Mexican man, he became enraged and stopped interacting with the group. Later, Derek was assigned laundry duty with a black inmate named Lamont. Lamont was friendly toward Derek, but Derek was not friendly back, at first. Soon Lamont and Derek began to befriend each other and became good acquaintances. Angered that Derek had befriended a black inmate and seemed to be abandoning them, the gang attacks him in the shower, one of them raping him. The day this happened, Dr. Sweeney, who was also Derek's teacher, came to visit him. As soon as he arrived, Derek broke down in tears and told Sweeney that he wanted out and that he wanted to take everything back and move as far away as possible so he wouldn't hurt his family anymore. Dr. Sweeney told Derek that it wasn't enough; Danny was headed down the same path and he must do whatever was necessary for Danny to not end up like him. Derek agreed and told him that he was ready to do anything for his brother once he was out. After about three years, Derek is released from prison and returns home to find that Danny has become a white supremacist as well. He also learns that what was once a small following has turned into a considerably large one due to Cameron's influence and Derek's legend. That night, Danny and Derek both go to a party that Cameron is throwing for Derek's homecoming. Once there, he finds his old girlfriend, Stacey ( Fairuza Balk ), and asks her to move far away with him. He tells her that he doesn't want any of this anymore, he's done with white supremacy. Following that, she asks him if he's crazy and runs off in anger. Derek looks for Danny and finally finds him in Cameron's office. Derek tells Danny to leave and that there is a girl outside waiting for him. After Danny leaves, Derek confronts Cameron and tells him that he's done with the whole white supremacist thing and he knows Cameron's game - Cameron had once rolled over on a couple of his own men and let them go to jail. Cameron is infuriated and they start to argue. The argument ends when Derek punches Cameron in the face and then kicks him again while he's down. Derek leaves and calls for Danny to come with him. On his way out, Seth Ryan ( Ethan Suplee ), a friend of Derek's before he went to jail, starts yelling at him and demanding an answer as to what happened to Cameron. Derek is befuddled and keeps yelling for Danny but then Seth pulls out a gun and points it at Derek. Stacey begins to yell from the side, "Shoot him! Shoot him!" and Seth continues to get closer and closer. Just as Seth is about to do it, Derek grabs the gun and points it up then pushes him and tells him to step away. Derek calls Danny and starts to run away, gun in hand. Danny soon catches up to him and Derek begins to explain his life in prison & his change in attitude. Even though Danny is frustrated with Derek, because he's giving up the only thing he thinks brings the white kids hope against the non-white race, he understands and forgives him and they walk home. When they arrive, Danny begins working on his paper and Derek enters the room. They both look at each other and move toward the wall that is covered in white supremacist propaganda; they take everything down. When they're done, Danny returns to the computer to write his paper and Derek gets into the shower. The following morning, at sunrise, Danny is narrator, telling us the end to his story. He says that he's never watched the sunrise before and he hopes that this paper is what he, Dr. Sweeney, is looking for. Derek gets ready for his meeting with his probation officer and soon they leave together. Derek walks Danny to school before his meeting, and on their way they stop at a Caf. There, they meet up with Dr. Sweeney and Captain Rasmussen. They tell Derek that Cameron and Seth were found last night after being jumped and they are now in the hospital. Dr. Sweeney and Rasmussen both ask Derek if he knows anything about it and he swears he doesn't. Derek tells them that he has somewhere to go and that he's going to walk Danny to school before he goes. They set off on their way. As Derek is dropping him off, he staggers over words and finally says "I'll see you at home." Danny departs for the front doors and Derek heads down the street. While he's walking, the audience can sense the fear in Derek. At the same time, Danny enters the bathroom just before class starts. What Danny doesn't know is that Henry is in the bathroom as well. He raises a gun and shoots Danny a number of times as blood spatters against the bathroom stall, he falls to the ground lifeless. Next we see Derek is in the bathroom with Danny. He sits with him and holds his body close to his, extremely distraught. The only things we can hear between sobs are the remarks Derek is making to himself about what he's done. Immediately after, Danny's voice takes over as narrator and we hear the closing statement of the paper he's written about his brother: "So I guess this is where I tell you what I learned - my conclusion, right? Well, my conclusion is: Hate is baggage. Life's too short to be pissed off all the time. It's just not worth it. Derek says it's always good to end a paper with a quote. He says someone else has already said it best. So if you can't top it, steal from them and go out strong. So I picked a guy I thought you'd like. 'We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection. The mystic chords of memory will swell when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature.' " We see an image of Venice Beach as waves crash over the sunset, then the credits start to roll. 
 The Craft (1996)541) A newcomer to a Catholic prep high school falls in with a trio of outcast teenage girls who practice witchcraft, and they all soon conjure up various spells and curses against those who anger them. A new girl moves to a new city with her family to start a new life. She meets up with the girls who are very interested in the occult and together, the four of them have a seemingly unstopable power. They can do anything, from getting thier dream guys to like them to... the possibilities are limitless. Lisa Buckley <buckley@idirect.com> Four girls at a Los Angeles Catholic school form a coven of witches that cast spells on their classmates and each other. Their new powers overwhelm them, leading to an internal power struggle. Ben Combee <combee@techwood.org> Sarah Bailey, a sixteen year old troubled teenager with a painful past and a history of suicidal tendencies and hallucinations, moves to L.A. with her father and stepmother to start a new life - and is enrolled into a Catholic school. It is at school that she comes into contact with three unlikely friends, Nancy, Bonnie and Rochelle, all who are socially outcast with various problems in their lives that they wish they could fix. Nancy, Bonnie and Rochelle dabble in occult practices, and when they notice Sarah has the powers of a natural witch, they talk her into joining their coven. When Sarah joins, they soon realize that with a fourth witch in the coven they can begin to cast spells they couldn't before, and begin to amend all the things wrong in their lives - but like everything else in life - things come with a price. Dismal Angel Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sarah Bailey (Robin Tunney), a troubled teenage girl who has previously attempted suicide, has just moved from San Francisco to Los Angeles with her father (Cliff De Young) and stepmother. She enrolls in a local Catholic high school, but has trouble fitting in. During French class, her classmate Bonnie (Neve Campbell) witnesses Sarah telekinetically causing a pencil to rotate while standing on its tip. During lunch, Sarah is hit on by Chris (Skeet Ulrich), the school's football star. She asks about Bonnie and her two friends Nancy (Fairuza Balk) and Rochelle (Rachel True). Chris tells Sarah to stay away from the trio, because "they're witches". Bonnie tells Nancy and Rochelle that Sarah is the "fourth" who will complete their circle and make a full coven. The three girls each have issues: Nancy lives in a trailer with her mom, Grace Downs (Helen Shaver) and abusive stepfather Ray (John Kapelos) , Bonnie has massive burn scars all over her back, and the painful treatment recommended by the surgeon (Brenda Strong) is likely to fail. Insecure African American athlete Rochelle is subjected to racist taunts by the most popular girl in school, blonde Laura Lizzie (Christine Taylor). After school, the three girls befriend Sarah and take her to an occult shop. The owner, Lirio (Assumpta Serna), comments that Sarah is not like the other girls and says to her: "Maybe you are a natural witch; your power comes from within." While leaving the shop, Sarah is harassed by a vagrant (Arthur Senzy), and all four girls simultaneously will for something to happen; the vagrant is then hit by a car. The girls escape, and Nancy is thrilled at their "connection". Nancy tells Sarah about "invoking the Spirit" Manon, which is their ultimate goal as a coven. Sarah leaves the girls to meet Chris, but refuses to have sex with him. However, at school the next day, Sarah discovers that Chris boasted to the whole school that they slept together, and that she was the worst he's ever had. Nancy, Bonnie and Rochelle comfort Sarah, and invite her on a field trip. They take the bus out to the country. The bust drivers tells them to be careful about wicked boys, but they say that they four are the dangerous ones. While on the countryside, they call the corners and cast some spells: Rochelle asks for the strength not to hate those who hate her, Sarah performs a love spell on Chris, Bonnie asks for beauty inside and out, and Nancy asks for "all the power of Manon." Shortly after the spells are cast, they show signs of working: Chris becomes infatuated with Sarah and goes after her constantly in spite of his friends Mitt (Breckin Meyer) and Trey (Nathaniel Marston) taunting him about it, Bonnie's scars miraculously heal, and the next time Laura bullies Rochelle, Laura's hair begins falling out. At home, Nancy causes the microwave and all light bulbs to explode, and Ray suffers a massive heart attack and dies. Then Nancy and her mother are told by the insurance man (Brogan Roche) that they have inherited $175,000 from an insurance policy, and they feel overjoyed about it. Nancy and her mother move into a posh high-rise where the girls meet one night and learn disguise-changing magic. Nancy's mother looks confused and dazzled. She has bought a weird-coloured sofa and a jukebox with only songs by Connie Francis. The four friends lock themselves in Nancy's room ignoring Nancy's mother, who is left empty and ignored, just as she felt before cashing in on the insurance money. The girls go to Lirio's shop again, where Nancy finds a book about "Invoking the Spirit". Later that night, the girls go to the beach and form a circle, calling on Manon. At the culmination of the spell Nancy is struck by lightning. The next day the rest of the girls witness Nancy walking on the water, and from this point on, Nancy's powers have increased. Later on, Rochelle sees a balding Laura in the locker room, hysterically sobbing after swim practice. Laura's two closest friends (Elizabeth Guber and Jennifer Greenhut) try to offer some consolation, to no avail. Rochelle feels remorse for the spell she has cast and when she looks in the mirror at herself, her reflection looks away. Sarah's love spell also backfires on her. She finally accepts to have a dinner date with Chris, but he takes her to the top of a hill and attempts to rape her. Sarah runs away and knocks on Nancy's door. Nancy leaves her home for a party Chris is attending in order to punish him. However, when she arrives to the party, she tries to seduce Chris by disguising herself as Sarah, but when the real Sarah arrives as they engage in foreplay, Nancy causes Chris to fall out a third-story window, killing him. On consequence of this, Sarah starts having nightmares concerning her old friends, and feels like they're following her everywhere to torment her. She tries to stop Nancy - who has become the leader of the three remaining coven witches - by binding her powers so that she won't be able to hurt other or herself, but this does not work and the three other coven girls now hate Sarah. Nancy appears and tells Sarah that in the old days, if a witch betrayed her coven, they would kill her. Needing help, Sarah goes to Lirio, who tells her to invoke the spirit herself. Lirio also reveals that Sarah's mother was a powerful witch, and that her talent has passed on to Sarah. Sarah starts to invoke Manon, but she has a vision of fire and the shop exploding, so she leaves the shop absolutely terrified.. Sarah returns home, where she is tormented by Nancy, Bonnie and Rochelle, who taunt her using magic and intimidate her with threats on her life. Sarah arrives home and nobody is there. She is instructed to turn on the TV set and listens that her family went back to San Francisco thinking that she had run away there, and that their plane had had an accident without any survivors. Without a second of rest, all kinds of snakes and worm appear everywhere. The three other coven girls then appear. After a few seconds of intimidation Nancy says that Sarah will commit suicide. Nancy later slashes Sarah's wrists and a letter on Sarah's handwriting stating the reasons of her suicide magically appear - blaming herself for Chris' death. Sarah runs to her room, while Nancy, Bonnie and Rochelle wait for her to die. Rochelle then tells Nancy that this has gone out of hand. Nancy tells her to go upstairs to check on Sarah and threatens to slit her throat if she doesn't. Bonnie pulls up Rochelle to Sarah's room. Sarah is almost too weak to invoke Manon, but then she hears her mother (Janet Eilber) moving in an old photograph and her sweet voice whispering, "Don't be afraid. Reach inside yourself". Sarah successfully invokes Manon and is able to cast spells to fight back, as well as heal the injuries to her wrists. Forced by a counter spell of Sarah's to see themselves and what they've become by catching their reflections in a mirror, Bonnie's face horribly scarred and Rochelle's hair falling out, Bonnie and Rochelle flee, leaving only Nancy and Sarah at home. Nancy and Sarah have a showdown, in which Nancy is ultimately defeated by Sarah as she binds Nancy's power to prevent her from doing any more harm. In the end, Nancy has been sent to a psychiatric hospital, and Bonnie and Rochelle lose any powers they had. They go to see Sarah and half-mockingly tell her not to be angry with them because when Sarah was made to believe that her family had died it was just an illusion. Sarah's father is packing everything in his car to move out of LA. The two girls ask Sarah if she still has any powers, and when she shows no interest in continuing a friendship with the two girls who tried to kill her, they make fun of her as they leave, saying, "She probably doesn't have powers, anyway". On hearing this Sarah makes a bolt of lightning strike causing a tree branch to fall, nearly crushing the two girls, revealing that she still has powers. As they stare back at her in shock, Sarah warns them, "Be careful. You don't wanna end up like Nancy", and smiles. The scene cuts to a bird's eye view of Nancy's room in the psychiatric hospital. She is screaming like a maniac, telling the nurse (Esther Scott), "He gave me powers! I can fly, I'm flying, I'm flying, I'm flying!" 
 Return to Oz (1985)651) Dorothy, saved from a psychiatric experiment by a mysterious girl, is somehow called back to Oz when a vain witch and the Nome King destroy everything that makes the magical land beautiful. Dorothy Gale has recently come home to Kansas from the Land of Oz and is now almost back to perfect health since the incident of the tornado, only she cannot get that wonderful place out of her head. She frequently talks about it and cannot get any sleep at night. Aunt Em worries about her health/well-being. Thinking that she is suffering delusional depression and acute insomnia, she decides to take her to see a special doctor in another town. While he tries to treat her with electro-shock treatment and take those nasty dreams away from her head, she is rescued by a mysterious girl who leads her back to Oz for a new adventure. Nichola McDougall It has been six months since Dorothy has returned home from Oz and she still cannot sleep. She has been going on about imaginary places and people so much that Aunt Em takes her to see a doctor. She promptly escapes from the mental hospital and wakes up in Oz where her pet chicken, Billina, can now talk. There she meets a whole new bunch of friends and they set off to rescue the Scarecrow from the evil Nome King who has found her ruby slippers and used them to lay waste to the Emerald City and take over Oz. Shaun Ryan Dorothy, back in Kansas, can't stop thinking about Oz, and even believes that her friends have sent her a key. Aunt Em, worried for Dorothy's health, takes her to a famous doctor who works miracles with electricity. When she escapes from the treatment, she and her pet chicken, Billina, find themselves in Oz. But when she tries to find her old friends in the Emerald City, she learns that they've all been transformed to stone by the Nome King. And the evil witch Mombie wants her head. It's up to her, Billina, and their new friends, the clockwork Tik-Tok (aka the royal army of Oz), Jack Pumpkinhead, and Gump to defeat Mombie and the Nome King and restore the rightful ruler of Oz to her throne. Kathy Li It has been six months since Dorothy has returned home from Oz and she still cannot sleep. She has been going on about imaginary places and people so much that Aunt Em takes her to see a doctor. She promptly escapes from the mental hospital and wakes up in Oz where her pet chicken, Billina, can now talk. There she meets a whole new bunch of friends and they set off to rescue the Scarecrow from the evil Nome King who has found her ruby slippers and has used them to lay waste to the Emerald City and take over Oz. Shaun Ryan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It has been some time since Dorothy (Fairuza Balk) returned home to Kansas from her first trip to Oz , but she is constantly thinking of the place to the point that it is keeping her up at night. One day while out in her yard she discovers a key which has the OZ emblem on it. Thinking it was there as a message from Oz she shows it to Aunt Em (Piper Laurie) who tells her it is actually the key to their old house before the tornado blew it away. Aunt Em has had enough and takes her to see a psychiatrist called doctor Worley (Nicol Williamson) who specializes in electro-shock therapy. Toto tries to tag along but is told to go home. While at the clinic waiting for the procedure to be done, a severe storm brews outside. Dorothy then meets a mysterious patient who helps her escape when the storm knocks out the center's electricity. Dorothy manages to escape but the head nurse (Jean Marsh) chases after them. Dorothy loses the nurse, as well as her new friend, and boards a crate floating down a flooding river. From there Dorothy floats away. Dorothy later awakens in the crate to find herself back in Oz and sitting in the Deadly Desert, which has the ability to turn anyone to sand upon touch. Dorothy also discovers that she is being accompanied by her favorite chicken from her farm, Billina (Denise Bryer's voice), who now has the ability to talk. They then set out to the Emerald City to see her old friends, which includes the recently crowned King of Oz, the Scarecrow. They carefully exit the crate and cross the desert while walking on stones, and makes their way inland. The rocks have faces, but they don't say anything to her. After eating a lunch from one the country's famous lunchpale trees, they come upon Munckinland and the remains of her old house that she rode to Oz the first time via the tornado. She looks into her old house to see everything as it was when it landed, and the remains of the Wicked Witch of the East, whom she of course killed by her house landing on her during the first trip, now decomposed. However, she cannot find the munchkins or Glinda, and then she discovers a grisly site: the yellow brick road torn up in pieces. After frantically running the full length of the road, she finds the Emerald City now in ruins and all of the residents there turned to stone, including her old friends the Tin-Woodsman and the Cowardly Lion. The Scarecrow (Justin Case), who took over as King of Oz from The Wizard at the end of her first trip, is nowhere to be found. She then gets chased by a band of thugs known as the "wheelers," in reference the creatures having wheels for hands and feet. The wheelers chase Dorothy into a dead-end hallway and she appears trapped like rat until she discovers a key hole in the door. Using the key she discovered in her yard earlier, she unlocks the hidden door and shuts it behind her keeping her safe from the wheelers. While in the room she discovers a machine in the form of a soldier. She discovers from reading the instructions on his back that he is a guard and needs to be wound up to work. After doing so the machine, now known as Tik-Tock (Sean Barrett's voice), joins Dorothy as a guardian in the quest to find out what happened to Oz. After leaving the room the two walk out into the ruined city where the wheelers meet up with them. Tik Tock instructs Dorothy to run as he starts knocking out the wheelers as they attack. He grabs one of them and Dorothy questions him about the fate of Oz where he reveals that an evil king known as the Nome King conquered the Emerald City and all of Oz and took all of the city's emeralds back to his castle. When asked about the fate of the Scarecrow he tells her that only Princess Mombi (Jean Marsh) would know. Dorothy and Tick-Tock are then led to Mombi's quarters in a preserved part of the city. While there she discovers that Mombi has a collection of heads she uses that she got from various Emerald City residents when the Nome King conquered the city. She also learns from Mombi that the Nome King took the Scarecrow with him back to his mountain with the emeralds. Mombi then threatens to take Dorothy's head after she is grown up and locks her in the attic. While locked in the attic, Dorothy peers out of the locked window and is able to see the Nome King's mountain in the distance. She also sees a portrait of her old friends, including the King Scarecrow, which saddens her. She is then interrupted by a man with a pumpkin for a head who was locked in the attic earlier by Mombi when he was used by a Princess to scare her. Turns out the man, known as Jack Pumpkinhead (Brian Henson & Stewart Larange) was brought to life by a formula called the "Powder of Life," which Mombi now possesses. Dorothy then comes up with an idea to escape Mombi using the powder to create a flying animal out of chairs, a plant, and the mounted head of a gump (Lyle Conway & Stephen Norrington) found in the attic, but she first has to get the powder of life which is locked in with Mombi's original head. Jack helps her unlock the attic door by using his large height and long arms to reach over the door and unlock it from the outside. Dorothy heads downstairs and first notices a girl's image in the mirror who looks a lot like the girl from the clinic whom she had met before the storm carried her to Oz. The image vanishes and she sneaks down into Mombi's head chamber and manages to grab the powder, but not before she accidentally knocks down another object sitting by Mombi's head which awakens her. Mombi's body, which is sleeping in a nearby bed, awakens and comes for her head while Dorothy runs back up to the room where Jack is building the Gump. Dorothy then pours the powder on the gump, who doesn't awaken right away, and she discovers there are magic words on the bottle which must be said to work. Mombi tears into the room just as the powder works its magic on the gump. The pair, including Billina, hops onto the gump's back and manages to escape. While the clan is escaping, Mombi summons the wheelers to go after them. While the clan flies away into the night, the wheelers chase them on foot, but not before coming upon the Deadly Desert, which several of them fall in and die, leaving the others to retreat back to Mombi. Mombi is furious at their inability to catch the clan and orders them to take her directly to the Nome King. While flying away, Dorothy and Billina fall asleep while the others stand guard. Later Dorothy awakens to find the gump coming apart due to not originally being tied tight enough. They all fall out, landing on a snow covered mountain. The Nome King (Nicol Williamson) is then alerted of their arrival and he goes to the side of the mountain to confront them. The Nome King laughs at Dorothy's demand to free the Scarecrow and restore Oz and opens up the mountain causing her to fall in. While falling to the king's lair she is told that the emeralds from the Emerald City originally belonged to him and the Scarecrow was the thief who took them. She lands on the Scarecrow who is then zapped away. The Nome King tells her that he had turned him into an ornament for his collection. Dorothy then walks up to where the king sits and starts crying and tells him of the fact that the emeralds were there before the Scarecrow and her came to the city. The Nome King comforts her and then brings in her friends from the mountain. He then tells them that they will play a game to find the scarecrow which they will be allowed to leave with him if they guess the right ornament. The Gump is the first one allowed in to guess as the others are offered refreshment. While sitting down to refreshment the remaining pair get knocked down by a sudden flash. They then learn that the gump was just turned into an ornament since he failed to guess correctly on three tries. They also learn that their fate will be the same for not guessing correctly. Jack, with Billina hiding inside his head, is the next to go in. He guesses incorrectly and they join the Scarecrow and gump in the king's ornament collection. After Tick-Tock goes in for his try, the Nome King reveals to Dorothy that he now owns her Ruby Slippers, which he got when they fell out of the sky after she left Oz the first time. He then tells her how he used them to conquer Oz and without them he was powerless. In the meantime Tick-Tock devises a scheme to get Dorothy into the chamber while he guesses, to see what kind of object they are turning into when guessing incorrectly. He stands in the middle of the room and acts like his action ability has gone down to get the king's attention, who then sends Dorothy in to wind him up unaware of the scheme. Dorothy learns upon finding Tick-Tock that it was all a scheme to get her in there and watches as he makes his final guess. The guess turns out to be incorrect and Tick-Tock is transformed with Dorothy being unable to tell what he is turned into. Now it is Dorothy's turn, and she is now the last hope of her friends being freed and restoring the Land of Oz from the Nome King's enchantment. Meanwhile Mombi has made her way into the king's mountain(how she and the wheelers got safely across the Deadly Desert on foot I do not know). She then learns of the scheme the king had devised to finally get rid of Dorothy and her friends. Mombi not satisfied warns the king of what would happen if Dorothy guesses correctly and then learns about Ozma, whom she had imprisoned into a mirror back in the city. The king makes sure that she had not been allowed to escape as well. Back in the ornament room, Dorothy is down to her last two guesses. She guesses incorrectly on the second one but decides to play eeny miney moe on the last guess which would seal her fate. She comes across a green ornament and guesses on it revealing the Scarecrow. She then realizes that the green ornaments were the ones containing her friends. As Dorothy and the Scarecrow sets out to find the remaining three, the king becomes furious with Mombi for allowing Dorothy to escape her and come upon his secrets. He imprisons Mombi and starts to shake the building scaring Dorothy and her friends. After Dorothy finds another green ornament and guesses Jack Pumpkinhead back to life, with Billina still hiding inside his head, the King begins his fury with sending his nomes after them. They chase Dorothy into a seperate room where the Nome King enters in the form of a giant gruesome head with fire all around him. At that moment Dorothy guesses one more green ornament which reveals the gump. The king then demands them to stop and then picks up Pumpkinhead to eat unaware of Billina inside. As the king begins to put Jack into his mouth he then hears Billina laying an egg, which is poisonous to nomes. The egg falls out of Jack's head and into the king's mouth. He then lays Jack and Billina down as he begins to crumble. After the king and his nomes are completely crumbled away, her Ruby Slippers shines through the rubble. Dorothy then runs over to grab them and put them on as the whole mountain begins to crumble away. Dorothy wishes her and her friends back to Oz and the whole land to be restored, and it is granted. Dorothy and her friends then find themselves back in Oz with the Emerald City and it's people being restored in the distance. The caged Mombi also appears with them. Dorothy then discovers they didn't find Tick-Tock but Scarecrow sees a green ornament on gump's antlers. Dorothy guesses correctly and Tick-Tock is restored. The next scene shows the whole gang in a parade celebrating Dorothy's triumph and the restoration of Oz. Along with the new friends she had made, the Scarecrow, Tin Woodsman and the Cowardly Lion has now rejoined Dorothy. A few munchkins walk in front of them with Glinda following behind. Also in the parade is the Patchwork Girl and Mombi, who is now a prisoner of Oz. At the end of the parade Dorothy joins the Scarecrow on his throne and the crowd encourages her to be the Queen of Oz, but she reveals that she has to go back home. The crowd is dissappointed at this announcement. Just then Dorothy sees the image of the girl in the mirror again. She walks up to the mirror and pulls her out. The girl is revealed to be Ozma, the real Queen of Oz before the Wizard came. She also reveals that Mombi had imprisoned her in the mirror when she tried to scare her out of the city. Dorothy then puts the ruby slippers on Ozma's feet and asks her to wish her back to Kansas. Ozma agrees on the condition that she will look in on Dorothy from time to time and if she ever wishes to come back to Oz it will be granted. Dorothy agrees and Ozma taps the slippers three times while Dorothy says goodbye to her friends. Billina tells Dorothy that she had decided to stay in Oz instead of going back with her. The next scene shows Dorothy awakening back in Kansas. She hears Toto in the distance and she calls after him. Uncle Henry (Matt Clark) and a search party comes running up behind him and swoops Dorothy up in his arms after frantically searching for her for days. Aunt Em hugs Dorothy as a police buggy drives by with the head nurse from the clinic inside. Aunt Em tells her that the clinic had been struck by lightning during the storm and burnt to the ground with everyone inside being rescued except for the doctor The final scene shows Dorothy in her newly finished bedroom with Toto. While in there Dorothy walks up to the mirror and calls for Oz and an image of Ozma, with Billina in her arms, appears. Dorothy calls for Aunt Em but Ozma puts a finger up to her mouth encouraging her not to. They continue smiling at each other and then Aunt Em appears in the doorway prompting them to dissappear and Dorothy to pull the mirror up. Aunt Em smiles at Dorothy and encourages her and Toto to go outside and play on that sunny day. The movie ends as they do just that. 