nm0004870:

 A Gifted Man (20112012)Summaries Centers on an ultra-competitive surgeon whose life is changed forever when his ex-wife dies and begins teaching him what life is all about from the here-after. Michael Holt is a successful doctor who has a thriving practice. One day he runs into his ex-wife Anna, also a doctor. They spend some time together. He later learns that she died before he met her. He goes to her memorial and learns she was working in an inner-city clinic, and when he goes there, he can't help but assist. Before long, people from the clinic come to see him. He continues to see Anna, who tries to get him to do good. He decides to work at the clinic as well as at his practice. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Arbitrage (2012)541) A troubled hedge fund magnate desperate to complete the sale of his trading empire makes an error that forces him to turn to an unlikely person for help. Robert Miller is a successful financial businessman with a loving wife and a smart daughter ready to take over the family business. Professional secrets involving illegal fraudulent activities start coming out at the same time that Robert's personal secrets take a turn for the worse and threaten to derail everything he has achieved. napierslogs Writer Nicholas Jarecki makes his feature directorial debut with this drama centering on a Wall Street hedge-fund tycoon and family man who scrambles to maintain a picture-perfect facade as his empire slowly begins to topple behind the scenes. Robert Miller (Richard Gere) is about to turn 60. One of the most successful businessmen in New York City, he lives a life of luxury that few will ever experience. But there's a storm coming, and nobody knows it better than Robert. If he can finalize the bank purchase of his trading empire before any evidence of his shady business dealings is unearthed, there's a chance he could emerge relatively unscathed. Not even Robert's wife Ellen (Susan Sarandon) or their astute daughter Brooke (Brit Marling) have any idea of the hole their family patriarch has dug, but they are about to be swallowed up by it as well. At the crucial moment when his plan falls apart, however, a deadly complication leaves Robert with no choice but to seek the help of shady Jimmy Grant (Nate Parker), a man the wealthy financier never expected to see again. Just when it seems the situation couldn't get any worse, NYPD detective Michael Bryer (Tim Roth) realizes he may have uncovered a key piece of evidence that will ensure Robert pays for his sins. On the eve of his 60th birthday, New York hedge-fund magnate Robert Miller is the portrait of success - at least on the surface. In reality, Miller is in over his head, trying desperately to sell his empire to a big bank before the authorities and his family uncover the depth of his fraud. Unexpectedly, a critical error forces Miller to juggle family, business and crime with the aid of a former associate, but a detective's suspicions mean it may already be too late. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sixty-year-old multi-billionaire Robert Miller manages a hedge fund with his daughter Brooke Miller (Brit Marling) and is about to sell it for a handsome profit. However, unbeknownst to his daughter and most of his other employees, he has cooked his company's books in order to cover an investment loss and avoid being arrested for fraud. As she thinks that the business is so successful, Brooke can't understand why her father wants to sell - and he says that he's started to feel old and tired, and wants to spend more time with his family. However, he has a mistress (Laetitia Casta) who is supposedly supported financially by him. Miller looks extremely nervous with the last meeting with the prospective investor. One night, while driving with his mistress, he begins to doze off and has an accident in which she is killed. Miller leaves the scene and decides to cover up his involvement to prevent the public, the prospective buyer James Mayfield (Graydon Carter) and his wife (Susan Sarandon), from discovering the truth. Miller calls Jimmy Grant (Nate Parker), a twenty-three year old from Harlem with a criminal record whom he helped get off the street in the past. After being driven home by Grant, Miller drags his injured body into bed at 4:30 am, arousing suspicion in his wife. The next day, he is questioned by police detective Bryer (Tim Roth). Bryer is keen on arresting a billionaire for murder and begins to put the pieces together. While all this is going on, Miller's daughter discovers the financial irregularities and realizes that she could be implicated and confronts her father. Jimmy is arrested and placed before a grand jury but still refuses to admit to helping Miller. Miller once again contemplates turning himself in. Even though Jimmy is about to go to prison, Miller tells Jimmy that investors are depending on him and that waiting for the sale to close before coming forward would serve the greater good. Eventually the sale is closed but Miller finds a way to avoid being charged. He proves that Detective Bryer fabricated evidence. The case against Jimmy is dismissed and the detective is ordered not to go near him. Miller's wife, thinking the police investigation is still on-going, tries to blackmail him with a separation agreement getting rid of his wealth. When Robert Miller refuses to sign, his wife says that she will tell the police that he got into bed at 4:30 am, bruised and bloody. In the final scene, Miller addresses a banquet honoring him for his successful business either because of his wife or in spite of her. He looks perfectly contented, but his wife and daughter don't look so happy, although they keep appearances up. 
 First Dog (2010)321) A foster boy is befriended by a lost dog who turns out to belong to the President of the United States. The boy decides to run away from the foster home to return the canine to the White House -- "Because it's the right thing to do!" While US president Barrett opens a school bearing his name, his inseparable dog Teddy gets lost in the commotion when a gun is fired at its master. To avoid a press scandal, the matter is kept discrete. The dog wanders off to a country orphanage, where Teddy chooses as new master Danny Milbright, a shy boy who never seems to be considered for adoption but has a strong sense of justice, impelling him to return Teddy to his master. It proves an eventful journey all the way to D.C. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. June Angell is a kind and attractive foster mother to five children in California. One of the kids is mischievous and outgoing and appears likely to be adopted. Another, named Danny, is very shy and won't talk, and at least one couple doesn't want him for just that reason. At an event for which the Secret Service appear to have prepared well, President Robert Woodruff narrowly escapes being shot when he asks his beloved dog Teddy what is upsetting him so much. In the commotion that follows the gunfire, Teddy disappears, but The President refuses to publicize the fact that his dog is missing. Teddy finds his way into a truck delivering pet food to a location near where he was last seen. The pet food company is run by Dick Van Patten, who plays himself. And Teddy finds his way to California, giving a nasty surprise to Van Patten and his partner. They thought there was plenty of food in the back, but Teddy was hungry. Teddy somehow ends up being found by Danny, who comes out of his shell. He doesn't notice anything on Teddy's ID except his name, so it takes him a while to investigate. In the meantime, the dog follows him to school and gets him in trouble. There is a simple phone number on the ID, and the person who answers the phone says "White House". Danny is shocked. He asks his foster mom for advice but doesn't go into detail. She says he must do the right thing and return the dog. So Danny calls again, but since he is from California, he is not believed. He asks Miss Angell what to do, and she doesn't believe the dog really belongs to The President. What to do? Well, Danny must do the right thing. Danny is too young to hitch rides with whoever, but he does so anyway. He is very determined to get Teddy back to Washington. But Teddy is not allowed on the bus even though the bus has a picture of a dog on the outside. And so Danny's adventure begins. He ends up in Las Vegas with a bunch of irresponsible teens, gets a private concert from a country-rock band, makes friends with trucker Big Mike, and gets mixed up with a couple of small-time bumbling crooks. And all this time, Danny is on the run from a group of Men in Black. Meanwhile, Miss Angell is concerned. So will Teddy find his way home? 
 Rescue Me (20042011)431) Tommy Gavin deals with the fears of his job as a firefighter and seeing his ex-wife dating other men. On 9/11 firefighter Tommy Gavin lost hundred of friends, including his cousin/best friend Jimmy as well as part of his soul and sanity. Three years later and his life is in shambles and an everyday struggle not to take a drink. Between spying on (& trying to get back with) his separated wife and 3 kids, the growing sexual tension between him and Jimmy's widow, his father and uncle's erratic behavior and the antics of his crew, Tommy's (Irish) anger and need to drink is at a tipping point - and now his survivor's guilt is making him see and talk to dead people, particularly his cousin Jimmy. All these personal demons are threatening what he holds most dear - the inherent courage and pride it means to be a member of the perpetual boy's club of the F.D.N.Y. Luke_Was_A_Terrorist "Rescue Me" is a drama that centers on the inner workings of Engine 62, a New York City firehouse, and the personal and emotional battles of its members in a post-9/11 world mostly centering on Tommy Gavin, a veteran firefighter whose life is in turmoil as he copes with the stresses and fears of his job as well the separation from his wife Janet. Tommy moves into a house across the street from her to stay close to their three children and keep an eye on her. The stresses and fears of his job are manifested through conversations with his dead cousin Jimmy Keefe, a former firefighter, as well as the haunting memories of people he has watched perish on the job. The other members of Ladder 62 include Chief Jerry Reilly who, despite being called "The Good Chief," has a serious gambling problem. Sean Garrity is a young, handsome guy who is easier to look at than hold a conversation with. Franco Rivera, a cocky, Puerto Rican ladies man, is Tommy's confidant who lives life in the fast lane. Lt. Kenny "Lou" Shea is a man's man who secretly writes poetry and uses it as a way to release his emotional frustrations. Mike Silletti, "the probie," is subject to numerous initiation pranks as he starts his career as a firefighter. Matt Patay Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A string quartet plays at a gorgeous country estate on the ocean. The guests are gathered and a flower altar stands in front of the pool. Mickey, in his old priest gear, waits at the altar with Shawn. Mickey spies Shawn's family, and expresses surprise that he didn't know his mother was Mexican. Shawn points out the Gavins are racists. Mickey prefers to see them as "narrow-minded and intolerant." Lou, Mike and Sean sit in the audience and crack each other up with racist jokes. Franco leans in and tells them to knock it off. Needles arrives in a collarless jacket with provides fodder for another round of jokes. The wedding party waits to walk down the aisle and Tommy makes one final plea to walk Colleen down the aisle. Sheila explains they're all afraid he'll crack. Janet elaborates that they think he might pass out from the pressure. Janet tells him to put his family first for a change. Tommy tries to put $300 on the idea he'll make it, but gets no takers. Shawn's brother D'Brickashaw walks Janet down the aisle with a Jets hat on. Finally, Teddy takes a step out with Colleen. They're making their way down the aisle when Tommy slinks up and grabs her other arm. They walk down the aisle as a trio, everyone making sure Tommy is going to make it. At the altar, he takes a step back and briefly falls limp into Teddy's arm. Colleen tucks the $300 into her wedding dress. Mickey begins the ceremony. At the reception, there's an ice sculpture pouring booze and a champagne fountain. Tommy catches Teddy snagging a glass and calls a family meeting. Outside, Teddy, Sheila, Maggie, Mickey and Janet join Tommy as he outlines his plan to avoid drinking. One of Shawn's brothers joins them and, hearing they're making a drinking plan, suggests they hit the free booze hard then get the cognac from his car. Sheila decides champagne doesn't count and they all vote and agree, with Mickey calling it "wine soda." Janet is the voice of reason and Sheila adds that she didn't pay for everything to have the Gavins get drunk and ruin it. "For one day only, we are not Gavins. You are nice decent, civilized human beings," Janet says. She threatens strangulation on anyone who ruins Colleen's day. A mariachi band roams the reception. Needles learns that he's wearing the same thing as the waiters. Tommy and Janet struggle to make conversation with Shawn's parents. They say they like Colleen, but Tommy and Janet fail to reciprocate, leading to awkwardness. Janet's due in a week and a half. Drunk Lou comes up and asks the group what color he thinks Shawn and Colleen's kids will be. Lou mentions he's only asking because Tommy was asking in the firehouse. Tommy tries to fix it in front of Shawn's parents, saying he doesn't care what color the kids are and ends up with a rant that calls Obama's lips purple and implies Shawn's mom's people had something to do with the gardening at the party. Tommy is left standing by himself. At dinner, Shawn's brother is about to give the best man toast when a very drunk Sheila steals the microphone and addresses the group. She drags the microphone across the stage, knocking over glasses and plates and telling everyone she's glad she paid for everything. Then she falls asleep standing up. She continues on, telling everyone about Jimmy and how they planned to renew their vows on their 20th anniversary, but instead she celebrated it alone. Instead, she suggests Tommy and Janet renew their vows right now, in front of everyone. She gets everyone drunkenly chanting for another wedding. She mentions again that she paid for the whole wedding and finally Colleen gets the mike back. She tells her parents that the best gift they could give her would be to renew their vows. Shawn's OK with it, too. Katie takes the mike and also asks them to do it. Tommy caves. So, gathered again, in front of everyone, Mickey reads Tommy's vows. He scribbled on a napkin, and they mostly consist of him begging Janet to marry him again and him noting that she's hot. Janet's vows ask Tommy to promise "to never, ever, ever do any of the insane things I've done in the past, including drinking, smoking, or having extramarital affairs." Sheila giggles loudly that she's talking about her. He also has to promise to retire from active duty for the sake of his family. Mickey ducks out of the way after reading it and Tommy and Janet confer in front of everyone. Janet ends up storming off. "I'm going to start drinking and become a prostitute," Katie announces. Tommy calls after Janet and announces he'll do it. Mickey re-pronounces them man and wife. Sean finds Mike later and tells him he's thinking about asking Emily to marry him. He's starting to get used to her post-coital stink. "It's not just an eye-watering, soul sucking, horrific fart anymore, it's the smell of love, man," Sean says. Mike urges Sean to sleep on it. From this conversation, Sean decides he's going to go through with it. Tommy finds an empty bedroom upstairs and undoes his pants and exhales. Sheila comes in sobbing, complaining that no one's ever going to love her. She puts her head in Tommy's lap and that's when Janet comes in. He starts to explain it's not what it looks like, but Janet is unconcerned. She comforts Sheila, even when she says she was supposed to be married by now, maybe even to Tommy. Janet sweetly tells her it was just about the sex for him and he was never going to marry her. They send Tommy away. Sheila confesses that she has a hard time being around Janet for too long because everything Sheila wanted, Janet got. She continues sobbing for a while, until Janet concludes that Sheila just needs to get laid. She suggests that Mickey is downstairs. Sheila says she'd only be using him for sex, but that totally works for her. Back downstairs, everyone dances to mariachi rock. Al the guys seem to manage to find women to dance with. Tommy sits alone at a table, preparing to dig into some cake. Drunk Lou joins him, saying the day is very touching. Tommy asks what he'd know about touching. And so Lou sticks his fingers in Tommy's cake. Shawn's parents go upstairs and find Sheila and Mickey making out. Franco and Mike drink outside. They notice a horrible smell. Below them, Sean and Emily go at it. Emily says yes. Colleen throws her bouquet. An older woman catches it but Sheila promptly body slams her to the floor and shouts that she paid for it. Uncle Teddy comes out on a balcony wearing only his boxer shorts and a mariachi hat and shouts "Viva La Gavins, baby." Another day, fire trucks race to a fire at a warehouse. A security guard thinks it's unoccupied. The guys go in. Feinberg joins them with more trucks, working as acting deputy. The guys look for people inside as fires burn in small areas. Mike finds empty beer cans. Upon closer inspection they smell diesel fuel. They look around the room and see latex gloves filled with a liquid. Someone announces they're in the middle of an arson. They call mayday and radio for an exit and giant explosions rock around them. They pile into a freight elevator and head up as the floor they were just on continues to explode. They put on their masks and oxygen and arrive on a top floor. They bust open the grate and pile out. They get off just as the elevator falls down the shaft. Needles directs them to a window. A dozen trucks wait outside. Inside, the guys crawl on the floor through thick smoke. They reach the window and Lou tells them to take their masks off to save air. Nils crashes through the window with the ladder. They're about to get out when they hear voices beneath them. They all put their masks back on and go look for the kids. Needles try to buy them some time by soaking the lower floors. They find the teenagers, busting into the room they're in. They give the kids oxygen and head for a bulkhead because they don't have enough oxygen to make it back to the window. Lou directs them up the stairs, taking note of the giant gas tanks nearby. They start to run out of air and wait for the ladder to arrive. They can't seal themselves off from the fire so the smoke seeps in. On the roof Nils finds that the bulkhead is bricked in from the outside. He radios the emergency to Needles, saying 62 Truck has no way out. Needles can only tell Nils to get off the roof before the whole thing caves in. The guys hear that they're trapped with no way out. Stuck in the stairwell, Mike and Franco start pounding on the bricked over bulkhead and others perform CPR on the teenagers. Lou tells Tommy to try to get out. "You sure?" Tommy asks. "We'll be fine, Tom. Trust me," Lou says. The roof explodes in a giant ball of fire. 