nm0001518:

 Olympus Has Fallen (2013)761) Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself trapped inside the White House in the wake of a terrorist attack and works with national security to rescue the President from his kidnappers. When the White House (Secret Service Code: "Olympus") is captured by a terrorist mastermind and the President is kidnapped, former Presidential Secret Service Agent Mike Banning finds himself trapped within the building. As our national security team scrambles to respond, they are forced to rely on Banning's inside knowledge to help retake the White House, save the President and avert an even bigger disaster. FilmDistrict Mike Banning is a Secret Service Agent who is assigned to the President and is close to him and his family. When there's a situation wherein the President and the First Lady's life is endangered and Mike can only save one of them, he saves the President. As a result the President has Mike reassigned to a desk job. A year and a half later, Mike wants to come back but the President, though not holding a grudge, is not ready to have him back. The President has a delegation from South Korea visiting. Shortly after they arrive a plane shows up and when it's told to land it refuses and when aircraft close in on it, they shoot it down. Eventually it crashes at the White House, that's when some people in the crowd pull guns and shoot the secret service agents. Then the Secret Service gets the President into a bunker. Mike who sees what's happening from his office goes there and starts shooting at the attackers. Later in the bunker, some of the people from the delegation pull out guns and shoot all the Secret Service agents. And outside all the Secret Service agents are killed and the shooters take over the White House. Eventually they call the Pentagon where the Speaker of the House is now in charge and the leader in the bunker makes his demands. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs tells the Speaker they can't give in but to prove he's serious he kills someone and will continue to do so till they give in. But what can they do. Mike, who's in the White House, eventually gets a special cellphone and calls them. He tries to do what he can first by locating the President's son and getting him out. He then goes to save the President. rcs0411@yahoo.com After a car accident where the First Lady dies, Secret Service Special Agent Mike Banning is disgraced and transferred to the bureaucratic service. When the White House is under a terrorist attack, President Benjamin Asher is kidnapped by terrorist Kang and Banning breaks in the place. Now he needs to save the President's son who is chased by the terrorists that want to use the child to force Asher to give the access code to a powerful weapon, and then to rescue the president from Kang. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Mike Banning was a Presidential Detail Secret Service Agent when tragedy strikes and the First Lady dies. Fast forward 18 months, he's riding a desk at Treasury when the White House (code name Olympus) comes under terrorist attack by the North Koreans. They seize control over PEOC, the secure bunker, with the President inside. Mike ends up inside the White House and with his intimate knowledge of the building, he first has to get POTUSs son out of the building to safety, then mount an internal guerrilla attack on the invaders. Blair In the aftermath of a tragic accident involving the president (Aaron Eckhart) and the first lady (Ashley Judd), Secret Service agent Mike Banning (Butler) is handed his walking papers. When a powerful terrorist group seizes command of the White House and takes the president hostage, the entire nation watches as the Speaker of the House (Morgan Freeman) becomes the acting president, and plans his response. Meanwhile, Banning finds himself trapped in the White House as it comes under siege from all sides. With no choice but to fight back against the heavily-armed invaders, Banning must rely on his extensive knowledge of the building to rescue the president, and prevent the situation from spiraling into all-out war.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts before Christmas at Camp David. President Benjamin Asher (Aaron Eckhart) is preparing to attend a fundraiser with his wife Margaret Asher (Ashley Judd), and son Connor (Finley Jacobsen). Also on the President's security detail is Secret Service agent Mike Banning (Gerard Butler). Banning is on good terms with the family, sparring with Benjamin in a private boxing ring, helping Margaret deciding on earrings to wear, and on friendly terms with Connor, whom Mike has been giving tips on being a good agent. As the group leaves the Camp for the fundraiser, the snowfall outside begins to come down harder. While Ben and Margaret ride in the Presidential Limo, Connor is riding with Mike in an SUV following them. As they near a bridge over a river near the camp, the lead vehicle in the convoy hits a deer, causing a chain reaction of vehicular damage. One Secret Service SUV plows through the side of the bridge and crashes into the waters below. The Presidential Limo ends up skidding near the edge, balancing precariously. Mike and several other agents rush to Ben and Margaret's aid, but Margaret's door is jammed, and the limo is still sliding over the edge. Several agents attempt to try and keep the vehicle from going over, but, as their attempts fail, Mike makes a split-second decision, and cuts Ben out of his seatbelt, saving him, but is unable to save Margaret, who goes over the edge in the limo. The film then cuts to 18 months later. Since that time, Mike has taken a desk job with the US Treasury, still upset regarding the Camp David incident. He is unable to concentrate when his girlfriend attempts to tell him something, and he decides they should see a movie later that evening. Mike meets with Secret Service Director Lynne Jacobs (Angela Bassett), who knows Mike is still distressed over his failure to rescue the President's wife. She assures him that he did what was necessary, and even the President knows that. Asher is with Connor, who are preparing to go back to Camp David for a retreat, but Connor would rather go to the beach. Asher invites him to get some ice cream, but he is called in immediately. He meets with Secretary of Defense Ruth McMillan (Melissa Leo), Speaker of the House Allan Trumbull (Morgan Freeman), and Vice President Charles Rodriguez (Phil Austin) over their impending meeting with the Korean Prime Minister. Prime Minister Lee (Keong Sim) and his aide, Kang Yeonsak (Rick Yune) arrive at the White House. Somewhere over West Virginia, a large AC-130 gunship comes in and shoots down two American jets. Asher is taken out of his meeting with Lee and moved somewhere safer as he is alerted of the situation. He asks for Connor, but he is nowhere to be found. The enemy plane begins to open fire on civilians before making its way toward Washington DC and finally toward the White House. Mike sees the chaos from his office. He rushes into the streets to protect civilians while other troops attempt to shoot down the enemy plane. The shooters even manage to blow up oncoming missiles, but it is finally shot down, crashing its wing into the Washington Monument before finally crashing and exploding. The top of the monument collapses and falls, killing several tourists. While Asher, McMillan, Rodriguez, and others are taken down to the bunker, Mike runs toward the White House, where he finds suicide bombers blowing open the front gates. Other Korean terrorists begin coming in, firing on the Secret Service, who return fire and manage to kill some of them. Jacobs meets with General Clegg (Robert Forster) and others at the Pentagon where they are briefed on the situation, namely that the President is hiding in the bunker. Inside the bunker, however, Kang and several other terrorists, along with ex-Secret Service agent Dave Forbes (Dylan McDermott), take Asher and the others hostage. Outside, Agent Roma (Cole Hauser) and other men continue fighting off the incoming terrorists. Roma declares "Olympus has fallen" to signify that the White House has been invaded. He manages to kill one goon before getting killed himself. Trumbull comes into the Pentagon, where he is made acting president. Kang patches through to the Pentagon and begins by executing Prime Minister Lee in front of them. He orders the Americans to pull back the Seventh Fleet from Korea immediately. In the bunker, Kang tells Asher this is retaliation for all the damage that was brought upon Korea by Americans. Forbes is in on it, since he is against Asher's policies. Asher headbutts him in response. Mike discovers that the terrorists know about Connor and that they are looking for him. He manages to override Kang's security system and make it into the Oval Office, and patches through to the Pentagon. He gets in contact with Jacobs, who is surprised to hear from him, but she assures the other men that they can trust him. An assassin enters the room, but Mike takes him down and bludgeons him with a bust of Lincoln's head. Kang interrogates Admiral Hoenig (James Ingersoll) for a code. He nearly slits his throat, but Asher tells Hoenig to give it up. The Pentagon learns that a Cerberus code has been activated. When Mike sends them a tattoo on the neck of the assassin he killed, he is informed of the Cerberus code, which would allow the terrorists to deactivate all of the country's nuclear weapons. Mike continues moving forward to look for Connor. He finds the boy hiding in a room and safely gets him out just as more goons come in firing at them. Mike assures Connor that his father is going to be okay, and he gets him up a ventilation shaft to get out safely. Connor is rescued by some troops as Mike takes down other goons. He interrogates them, and they laugh in his face. He responds by stabbing one of them in the throat until he gets an answer. He lets Jacobs know Kang's name and to learn something about him. Kang learns about Mike's presence from Forbes, and so he is sent to get rid of him. Forbes comes across Mike, who is still unaware of his deception. When he accidentally slips Kang's name, Mike realizes the truth and the two get into a fight. Forbes tries to stab him, but Mike gets the knife from him and stabs him. As he lies dying, Mike asks him why he did this. Forbes reveals it was because he lost his son. Mike has him tell Kang that he got Mike, which he does before Mike fatally stabs him in the throat. Kang attempts to get another code from McMillan, who is utterly defiant. Kang starts to brutally assault her, but she still won't give up the code. When she is nearly beaten to death, Asher orders her to give up her code, which she does. The second Cerberus code is activated, and the Pentagon becomes aware of this. They also learn that Kang is a well-known terrorist who lost his mother to an American landmine and is very much infamous. Mike manages to get through to Kang's security and taunts him. He lets Kang know that Connor is safe and that he is going to put his knife through his brain. Asher listens to all of this. Several troops start flying into Washington to retaliate. Mike informs General Clegg that the terrorists possess Hydra Six - more powerful weapons than what the Americans have. Regardless, Clegg has the troops come in, but the terrorists shoot down one helicopter that crashes into the White House and causes a big explosion that severely damages the building. Kang gets through to the Pentagon, and executes Vice President Rodriguez. He orders them to finally recall the Seventh Fleet and to have a helicopter filled up and ready to get them out of there by dawn. He pulls McMillan out and takes her outside. As the news media are getting coverage of the situation, they inform viewers of South Korea's response to the situation, as well as getting footage of McMillan slowly stepping out into plain sight. With her back turned, Kang nearly shoots her, but Mike gets there first and opens fire, distracting Kang and allowing McMillan to run out and be rescued by troops. Kang makes it back to the bunker and has several hostages, including Asher, with a bag over their heads, along with the terrorists, just as their requested helicopter is coming down. The Seventh Fleet is called out from Korea as well. The hostages and terrorists get into the helicopter just as troops are locked on them. They are unable to fire, fearing they will hit the President. Just as the helicopter takes off, it explodes in mid-air and crashes to the ground. The Pentagon panics and they fear the worst - that Asher was killed in the explosion with everybody else. Mike is informed, but he knows that it doesn't add up, since Kang would not try and go out that way. Sure enough, it was a diversion. Kang and the other remaining terrorists are holding Asher in the bunker and get the final Cerberus code out of him. Kang's true plan is revealed - he plans to detonate ALL of the nuclear weapons to completely obliterate the United States. Mike is heading back down, but Clegg orders him to stand down. However, Clegg is put in his place by Trumbull, and Mike proceeds down to the bunker. Just as the terrorists are getting out, Mike shoots some of them. Asher knocks two of them down and struggles in a fight with Kang. He gets shot in the side as Mike attacks Kang. The two engage in hand-to-hand combat, with Kang nearly overpowering him. Kang taunts Mike and tells him he's failed again, but Mike gets the upper hand and takes Kang down. True to his word, he grabs his knife and sticks it in Kang's head, killing him. Mike rushes into the bunker and informs the Pentagon that Asher is alive, but he needs to stop the detonation sequence as there is barely a minute left. Jacobs, Trumbull, and Clegg rush to give Mike the deactivation code, and, with seconds to spare, Mike successfully shuts down the detonation sequence, much to the relief of everybody else. Mike takes Asher outside, where he is reunited with Connor, and Mike is reunited with Leah. Asher delivers a speech to the nation, commemorating those who were killed in the terrorist attack, but assures them that the attack gave them the hope and confidence to stand up and rise from fear to defend themselves. As he concludes, he walks off the stage and shakes Mike's hand. Mike stands proudly, knowing he has finally redeemed himself. 
 The Practice (19972004)Summaries We follow the exploits and cases of defense attorneys of a Boston law firm. Bobby Donnell is the senior defense attorney and founder of the firm. Bobby Donnell is the head of a struggling Boston law firm that seems to constantly struggle with ethical themes while defending murderers, rapists, etc. Jimmy, Eugene, Ellenor and Lindsay are junior attorneys with the firm, the streetwise receptionist, and Helen the firm's frequent adversary with the D.A.'s office in this smart and clever weekly series. Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Perks of Being a Wallflower (2012)651) An introvert freshman is taken under the wings of two seniors who welcome him to the real world. Based on the novel written by Stephen Chbosky, this is about 15-year-old Charlie (Logan Lerman), an endearing and naive outsider, coping with first love (Emma Watson), the suicide of his best friend, and his own mental illness while struggling to find a group of people with whom he belongs. The introvert freshman is taken under the wings of two seniors, Sam and Patrick, who welcome him to the real world. Anonymous Charlie is a shy teenager without friends that has just joined the high-school. He misses his best friend, who had committed suicide, and he writes letters to an imaginary friend telling his feelings. Further, Charlie has a mental illness problem in his past. Soon Charlie befriends the veterans Patrick, who is gay, and his stepsister Sam and they become best friends. Charlie wants to be a writer and he also becomes the favorite student of his teacher of literature, Mr. Anderson, who lends him books. Sam and Patrick introduce Charlie to their friends and Charlie falls in love with Sam, but he does not have self-confidence to date her. Charlie discovers a new world and feels happy with his friends, and he dates their common friend Mary Elizabeth. But when they end their relationship, Patrick asks Charlie to stay away from them for a while and soon he triggers his mental illness again. He goes to the hospital where a doctor finally discloses the origin of his problem. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil As a freshmen in High School, Charlie, portrayed by Logan Lerman, struggles with bullies, depression, bad influences and girls. Based on the book written by Stephan Chbosky, the Perks of Being a Wallflower thrives as a film. While Charlie wants to survive high school, he forces himself to participate in school functions, to prevent himself from falling back into his depression. The not-so-typical teenager finds himself being taken under the wing by a few seniors, and has never been so excited to have friends again. Finally being happy, Charlie experiments with drugs, sex and the party scene, but underlying problems from the past cause Charlie to spiral out of control. Charlie was bullied and largely friendless in middle school for being a shy bookworm, the same which he vows not to happen as he enters his freshman year in high school, although he will have to navigate those hallways on his own, as who was his only true friend, Michael, committed suicide just before the summer. Charlie's year does not start well as the only person whom he seems to connect with is his Advanced English teacher, Mr. Anderson, who can see that Charlie is the one person in the class who truly does enjoy literature for literature's sake and not just as a means to a good grade. However, Charlie is eventually befriended by some seniors, step-brother and sister Patrick and Sam, and their small group of friends, Mary Elizabeth, Alice and Bob who all consider themselves misfits. Even with this accepting group, Charlie admits he still doesn't know how to act around people, a misstep which could threaten those friendships. If a misstep is to occur, it probably would concern his growing attraction for Sam, who is dating a college student named Craig. All Charlie does know is that his blackouts, letters he writes to his "friend", and specific flashbacks - his conscious and subconscious coping mechanisms - have lessened the more he has spent time with these friends. But he may not be able to escape fully his past, specifically issues about who he considered the person he loved most in the world before meeting Sam, namely his now deceased Aunt Helen. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Charlie (Logan Lerman) writing a letter to an anonymous pen pal, discussing his upcoming first day in high school. On his first day, he is harassed by classmates but befriends his English teacher, Mr. Anderson (Paul Rudd). Charlie attends a school football game alone and notices the flamboyant Patrick (Ezra Miller), who is the only senior in his freshman shop class. Patrick asks Charlie to sit with him. They are joined by Patrick's stepsister Sam (Emma Watson), and Charlie immediately notices her beauty. Upon arriving home, he witnesses Candace's boyfriend hitting her, something Charlie is especially sensitive about as his Aunt Helen (Melanie Lynskey) was also abused. Candace persuades him not to tell their parents. Charlie dances with Sam and Patrick at homecoming and goes to a party with them afterwards. There, he meets their other friends, Bob, Mary Elizabeth, and Alice. He also sees Sam with her boyfriend Craig, which makes him jealous. He eats a pot brownie, and the group is amused by his observations. While in the kitchen, Charlie tells Sam that his best friend Michael shot himself last May. He then goes upstairs to the bathroom, leaving Sam shocked. Upstairs, Charlie sees Patrick and Brad (Johnny Simmons), the school's star football player, kissing. Patrick tells Charlie that Brad doesn't want anyone to know about their relationship (as his father would disapprove) and asks him to keep it a secret. Still high, Charlie agrees. Later, Sam whispers to Patrick about what Charlie has gone through and they welcome him in their group of friends. While driving him home, Sam hears a song from the radio - David Bowie's Heroes - and demands that Patrick drive through a tunnel. She stands up in the back of the pickup truck and sways like she's dancing. Again, Charlie is stunned by her beauty. As Christmas draws closer, Charlie helps Sam to study for her SATs and their friends participate in a Secret Santa gift exchange. On the last night of the exchange, Sam takes Charlie into her room and shows him her gift for him, a typewriter. The two start talking about first kisses. Charlie says that he has never kissed a girl, and Sam reveals that her first kiss was from her father's boss, who was molesting her. She tells Charlie that she wants his first kiss to be with somebody who loves him, and the two kiss. Charlie's Birthday(which is on Christmas Eve) arrives, and he remembers his Aunt Helen, who died on the same night in a car accident after getting him a present. Later, at a New Year's Eve party, he takes LSD and has more flashbacks to the night his aunt died. He is eventually found passed out in the snow by the police. Charlie attends the Sadie Hawkins dance with Mary Elizabeth. Afterwards, they go to her house and make out. She then declares that he is her boyfriend. He has no interest in her but continues the relationship because he doesn't know how to break up with her. While playing truth or dare at a party, Patrick dares Charlie to kiss the prettiest girl in the room, and he kisses Sam rather than Mary Elizabeth. Both girls are enraged, and Patrick tells Charlie to stay away until things cool down. Weeks pass and his friends are still ignoring him. In addition, his flashbacks to the night his aunt died are getting worse. Bob tells Charlie that Brad's father caught him and Patrick kissing. Brad comes to school with a bruise on his face but claims he was jumped in a parking lot. Patrick and Brad fight in the cafeteria after Brad calls him a "faggot." Brad's friends then begin to beat up Patrick, until Charlie intervenes. Afterwards, he reconciles with his friends. Patrick is upset after breaking up with Brad and he and Charlie become closer. One night, Patrick kisses Charlie to no reaction, then breaks down because of his unhappiness. Sam breaks up with Craig after finding out he has been cheating on her. Graduation nears and Sam is accepted to Penn State. After her going away party, Charlie helps her pack. Sam then asks Charlie why he never asked her out. After several heartfelt confessions, they begin to kiss, but Charlie pulls away when Sam touches his inner thigh. She asks him what's wrong, but he tells her that nothing's wrong and continues to kiss her. The next day, Charlie is unnerved as he watches Sam leave for school. When he arrives at his empty home, he begins to have a breakdown, flashing back to the memory of his Aunt Helen touching his thigh. He calls Candace and tells her it's his fault their aunt died, and that maybe he wanted her to die. Candace tells her friends to dispatch police on their house. Before Charlie can hurt himself, the police arrives and he blacks out. He wakes up in the hospital. His physician, Dr. Burton (Joan Cusack) explains to Charlie's parents (Dylan McDermott and Kate Walsh) that his Aunt Helen was sexually abusing him, and that Charlie repressed the memory because he blamed himself for her death. After Charlie is discharged from the hospital a few weeks later, Sam and Patrick visit him and take him to their favorite restaurant. They once again drive into the tunnel, and Sam tells Charlie that she finally found the song that was playing the last time they were there. Charlie climbs into the back of the truck and reminisces about life as whole. He kisses Sam, stands up and screams as they exit the tunnel. 
 In the Line of Fire (1993)651) Secret Service agent Frank Horrigan ( Clint Eastwood ) couldn't save Kennedy, but he's determined not to let a clever assassin take out this president. Frank Horrigan (Clint Eastwood) is a Secret Service Agent who keeps thinking back to November 22, 1963, when, as a hand-picked Agent by President John F. Kennedy, he became one of the few Agents to have lost a President to an assassin when Kennedy died. Now, former C.I.A. assassin Mitch Leary (John Malkovich) is stalking the current President (Jim Curley), who is running for re-election. Mitch has spent long hours studying Horrigan, and he taunts Horrigan, telling him of his plans to kill the President. Leary plans to kill the President because Leary feels betrayed by the government. Leary was removed from the C.I.A., and the C.I.A. is now trying to have him killed. After talking to Leary, Horrigan makes sure he is assigned to Presidential protection duty, working with fellow Secret Service Agent Lilly Raines (Rene Russo). Horrigan has no intention of failing his President this time around, and he's more than willing to take a bullet. White House Chief of Staff Harry Sargent (Fred Dalton Thompson) refuses to alter the President's itinerary, while Horrigan's boss, Secret Service Director Sam Campagna (John Mahoney), is supportive of Horrigan. As the election gets closer, Horrigan begins to doubt his own abilities, especially when Horrigan's colleague Al D'Andrea (Dylan McDermott) is killed by Leary. But Horrigan may be the only one who can stop Leary. Todd Baldridge Veteran Secret Service Agent Frank Horrigan (Clint Eastwood) is a man haunted by his failure to save President John F. Kennedy while serving protection detail in Dallas, Texas. Thirty years later, a man calling himself "Booth" (John Malkovich) threatens the life of the current President (Jim Curley), forcing Horrigan to come back to protection detail to confront the ghosts from his past. Scott Renshaw <as.idc@forsythe.stanford.edu> Secret Service Agent Frank Horrigan (Clint Eastwood) is a fairly successful Agent working for the President, yet the guilt of not being able to save President John F. Kennedy back in 1963 still haunts him. When a lunatic assassin named "Booth", a.k.a. Mitch Leary (John Malkovich), begins to haunt and torment Frank with phone calls about his failure to save Kennedy and the threats to assassinate the President (Jim Curley), Frank must take action and protect the President at all costs, even if it causes him humiliation. Does Frank have what it takes to take a bullet? commanderblue Frank Horrigan (Clint Eastwood) is a Secret Service Agent. He currently does mostly undercover work. He goes to check on a report about a person who is threatening the life of the President (Jim Curley). When he goes to the man's apartment, he finds clippings and photos of various assassinations throughout history. When he does a background check, he discovers that the man's identity is false. So he goes back to the apartment to get him, but when he goes in there, he finds the apartment cleaned out except for a photo of him when he was in Dallas, Texas, November 1963, protecting John F. Kennedy. Later, he gets a phone call from the man and tells him that he plans to kill the President and is daring Frank to stop him. When Frank reports to his superiors, he finds that there are some people like the Agent in Charge of protecting the President and Chief of Staff Harry Sargent (Fred Dalton Thompson), who think that Frank is letting his failure to protect Kennedy cloud his judgement. But as Frank chases him down, he discovers that he is not dealing with a nut, but with a well organized individual. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Frank Horrigan ( Clint Eastwood ) is a Secret Service agent who is close to retirement age. When the story opens, he's waiting for a pickup from his new partner, Al D'Andrea ( Dylan McDermott ). They drive to a marina just outside of Washington DC to meet with a counterfeiter, Mendoza ( Tobin Bell ). Frank and Al are posing as buyers of false currency. Mendoza asks Al to board his yacht; after Al leaves, Mendoza reveals to Frank that he's been suspicious about Al, and figured out that Al is a Secret Service agent. When Frank boards the boat he sees that Mendoza's thugs have bound and gagged Al. Mendoza wants Frank to shoot Al as a test of loyalty. As Frank approaches, he hefts Mendoza's pistol, points it at Al's head and pulls the trigger. The pistol dry-fires and a thug slips a plastic bag over Al's head. Frank asks for his pistol back, IDs himself as an agent and shoots both of Mendoza's thugs. Mendoza tries to shoot Frank, but his weapon jams, and he is quickly captured. Frank later admits to Al that the pistol could have had at least one round in the chamber, an admission that Al is clearly shaken by. A few days later, Frank investigates a complaint from an elderly landlady who says that one of her tenants, Joseph McCrawley, has been acting mysteriously. When he enters the man's apartment, he finds paraphernalia related to several presidential assassinations, especially John F. Kennedy's. Frank was an agent assigned to Kennedy when he was assassinated in Dallas in 1963, and still feels remorseful that he didn't prevent it. A further search of the room reveals that McCrawley is a skilled machinist who builds model racing cars. What Frank doesn't see is that McCrawley, whose real name is Mitch Leary ( John Malkovich ), is watching him through binoculars from across the street. They quickly determine that the guy is using a phony name as the real Joseph McCrawley died many years ago. Al and Frank return to the apartment later to find that it's been emptied and that the shrine to the dead presidents has also vanished. A single picture remains, one of a much younger Frank serving on Kennedy's detail. Frank's face has been circled in red. Frank goes home that night, and receives a phone call from Leary. He tells Frank to call him "Booth" after Lincoln's assassin because the man had more "flair and panache", citing Booth's leap to the stage of the Ford Theatre when he killed Lincoln. Leary tells Frank he plans to assassinate the current president ( Jim Curley ) and hopes that Frank will be assigned to the case. Leary seems to have a deep admiration for Frank. While on the phone, Frank hears a fire engine passing by Leary's location. Suddenly, he hears the same fire engine rush past his apartment and through the phone line. He runs to the pay phone on corner near his building, and finds the receiver hanging off the hook, Leary having already vanished. Frank meets with the Secret Service's director, Sam Campagna ( John Mahoney ), and tells them he thinks Booth is definitely dangerous. He agrees to have himself and Al continue their investigation and also asks for his phone to be tapped. Frank has an adversarial relationship with a younger assistant director, Bill Watts ( Gary Cole ), who thinks Frank is a burnout. At the meeting, Frank also meets a female agent, Lilly Raines ( Rene Russo ), whom seems charmed by Frank but also sees through his tough-guy exterior. Later, Frank shares a drink with Sam and requests to be added to the current president's protection detail. Sam suggests he may be too old for the detail but agrees. Leary calls Frank again, still using the "Booth" name, telling him that he was watching him that day while Frank was running alongside the current president's limo and working crowd control. He also talks in great detail about Frank's history after the Kennedy assassination. Frank had become an alcoholic and his marriage had broken up. Frank checks with the men tapping his phone line and they tell him they've got a location on Leary. However, when the police raid the house, they find Leary has used a signal jammer to trace the call to a civilian home in nearby Virginia. Frank later takes Lilly out for ice cream at the Lincoln Memorial. Though Frank is charming, he still tells Lilly that he believes that female agents work in the Service simply because the President wishes to court the female vote throughout the country. Moments later he determines she may be infatuated with him because of a small gesture as she walks away. Meanwhile, Leary changes his facial hair and flies to Los Angeles. Using the alias "James Carney", he goes to a downtown bank to open up a new bank account in the name of a fictitious software corporation with himself as the wealthy CEO. While he talks to the account specialist, Pam Magnus, he offhandedly mentions that he's from Minneapolis, which just happens to be the same city that she's from. Though he's pleasant with her, Leary suspects she may interfere with his plans and he may have left enough of an impression on her that she'll remember him. So he follows her home and bluffs her into letting him into her house, and then kills her and her housemate by breaking their necks. Leary returns to Washington and engages Frank in another phone call. Frank becomes infuriated when Leary suggests that Kennedy had a suspicion he'd be assassinated and that he had a death wish. Leary also claims that Kennedy didn't care about the ramifications of his own assassination when he refused to have agents traveling closer to his motorcade in Dallas. The two men tracing the call trace Leary to a phone booth in Lafayette Square, just across the street from the Executive Office building. Everyone runs outside to the park, searching the area for their target. Frank spots a hippyish-looking man with long hair and instinctively knows it's "Booth". He runs after him, quickly becoming winded. Leary causes a minor fenderbender and is hit by another car; when he lands on the hood, he touches the windshield. He uses a bus as camouflage and runs off. Frank immediately orders the car impounded so they can lift fingerprints. When the FBI matches the prints, they discover that they belong to a former government agent. The information is not shared with either Frank or Al on the basis of secrecy. Frank charges Al with continuing the investigation while he works on protection in the Midwest and Western United States. At one stop Frank works outside in heavy rain and cold temperatures and comes down with a minor illness. Leary is present at an indoor rally in Chicago. He uses a pin to burst several balloons that the ill and feverish Frank mistakes for gunshots. He yells for the detail to escort the President from the room, causing a minor panic. The President resumes his address. Frank is subsequently reprimanded by the adversarial White House Chief of Staff Harry Sargent ( Fred Thompson ), who seems more concerned with the upcoming election than providing adequate security for the president. Frank returns to his DC home to recover from his illness. Al shows up and tells Frank that he'd made a connection between "Booth" and his model car hobby. Frank and Al go to Pasadena, California to check on the lead; they talk to a professor of design engineering who mentions that a year ago, he met a fellow model car designer who seemed friendly, but seemingly turned angry when the conversation turned to politics. He suggests that they talk to a man in Phoenix named Walter Wickland. Wickland, upon being shown the sketch, identifies Leary, who he hasn't seen in a year. Wickland reveals that Leary beat him up severely for allegedly ripping off one of his designs, enough that he is paralyzed and confined to a wheelchair, and he now carries a pistol around that he intends to use to defend himself if Leary ever returns. Frank and Al drive to Leary's address and break into the house, inadvertently crossing paths with CIA agent David Coppinger ( Steve Railsback ) and another agent who are pursuing Leary because of the fingerprints Frank turned up. A background check shows that Leary was a former CIA contractor, trained to be a wetwork specialist, but negative psychological screenings, combined with budget cuts, resulted in his dismissal from the agency. Leary took his dismissal as a personal insult and never was able to adjust to civilian life. For instance, when a friend of his stopped by his Phoenix place to convince him to get counseling, Leary responded by slitting his throat. Leary, meanwhile, goes out to a pond to test out a homemade gun he constructed of a plastic material. While he shoots it, a couple of hunters find him. He lets them try out his pistol; when one of them offers to buy it, he tells them he needs it to assassinate the President. The two hunters laugh at first and then realize Leary is serious. Leary coldly kills both men and leaves. Al drives Frank home one night and seems distraught. He tells Frank that he has recurring nightmares of the incident on the boat and of the plastic bag being placed over his head. He thinks that transferring off Frank's detail will be a better option. Frank tells Al to toughen up and that he needs him to help with the investigation. Al agrees but is still clearly traumatized. When Leary calls again Frank confronts him, telling he knows his name and that he's closing in. Frank also taunts Leary with the knowledge of Leary having killed his own friend. Leary insists that the CIA did not simply fire him, they sent his friend to eliminate him. They turned him into a psychotic killer, and now they want him dead because they "can't have monsters roaming the countryside." The tracing experts finally track Leary to an apartment in Northeast DC. The authorities move in as Al and Frank arrive, but Leary has already left in advance of the raid. Frank and Al spot Leary and chase him along several rooftops; in the process, Al falls behind Frank. Leary jumps a considerable distance from one building to another; when Frank follows, he misses the ledge and hangs off above an alley. Leary appears above him and tells Frank to take his hand or fall. While Frank holds on he draws his pistol and points it at Leary. Leary taunts Frank, telling him that he can shoot him and save the president, thereby falling to his death, or let Leary rescue him. Al arrives, wanting to shoot. Frank continues to point his pistol, seemingly resolved to shoot Leary; Leary deliberately bites down on the muzzle of Frank's pistol, then throws him to safety on a fire escape. Al yells for Leary to freeze and holds him for a few seconds, however, he becomes distracted and Leary fatally shoots Al. A search of Leary's apartment turns up a scrap of paper with the word "S.W. KELLUM LA" on it. It proves to be something of a dead end, with no person of that name in Los Angeles or Louisiana. Later, Frank rides the bus home, looking very distraught. He's at a bar when he gets another call from Leary, who again taunts Frank, saying he killed Al in self-defense. Frank ends the conversation, saying he'll desecrate Leary's grave after he catches and kills him. As Leary proceeds to alter his appearance again, Sam attempts to convince Sargent to cancel the President's upcoming visit to Los Angeles. Sargent refuses, as the President cannot afford to lose California's votes, but grudgingly agrees to upgrade security. However, while they are making preparations for the dinner party at the Westin Bonaventure Hotel, Frank mistakes an innocent bellboy for a security threat and roughs him up in full view of reporters. Sargent considers this the last straw, and Lilly is forced to remove Frank from the detail. Leary, resuming his alias as James Carney, meets the gentleman in charge of the dinner ceremony, Sanford Riggs (w/ whom he'd spoken previously), who gives him tickets to the dinner. Riggs & Leary are chatting in the hotel, when Frank calls Riggs over to ID some photos, Leary is unfazed. Lilly talks with Frank about his obsession with Leary and tells him he's not alone and should rely on his fellow agents more. He talks about his failure to protect JFK and how it made him feel. Lily takes his hand and they stand at a window looking out at the LA skyline. Frank talks to another agent who tells him a number to call and that he remembers it as "ukelele." When Frank goes to dial that number, he realizes it's awfully similar to S.W. Kellum. He dials the number and gets South West Savings and Loan, the bank where Leary set up his Carney ID. When he visits the bank, he's told about the murder of the account specialist. The other bank employees try to ascertain new accounts she was working on just prior to her murder and Frank asks them to fax him the list of names. Meanwhile, Leary enters the dining hall. The metal detector doesn't pick up the components of Leary's pistol and the bullets are hidden in Leary's rabbit's foot keychain, which is passed back to Leary around the detector. The President arrives while Leary assembles his composite plastic gun under the table, making small talk with the woman seated next to him. Frank is rushing to the hotel in a cab. When he arrives, there's a fax waiting for him with the new accounts from the bank; he matches the names against the list of contributors and finds James Carney. While Watts accosts him, he gets a seating chart and finds Leary, then rushes toward him just as Leary raises his pistol to shoot the president, arriving just in time to take the bullet. Chaos ensues as the President is spirited away, and Leary grabs a pistol from a nearby agent and takes Frank hostage, dragging him into a glass elevator. Frank is revealed to be wearing a bulletproof vest. Frank remembers that the microphone in his collar is still connected to Lilly's frequency. Leary points his gun at Frank, saying that he will not be taken alive, but he's taking Frank with him. Frank tells him to pull the trigger and get it over with, and Lilly correctly deduces that this is an instruction to her. Leary, thinking that Frank is talking to him, demands that Frank acknowledge that he gave him the new sense of purpose he has now. When Frank says to "aim high," Leary finally catches on, and ducks just as the snipers blow out the elevator windows. Frank and Leary fight, and snipers are not able to get a solid bead on either of them. Leary eventually loses his footing and ends up hanging off the railing, with Frank offering him a hand. Leary refuses, and lets himself drop a few dozen stories to his death. Frank, now hailed as a hero, announces his retirement from the Secret Service at the airport; he is too old to be running alongside limousines, and he cannot do undercover work now that his picture has been circulated on every newspaper in the country. Lilly and Frank return to Frank's apartment in D.C. to find a message on his answering machine from Leary. They ignore the message, opting for a quiet moment at the Lincoln Memorial's reflecting pool. 