nm0001044:

 Jeff, Who Lives at Home (2011)541) Dispatched from his basement room on an errand for his widowed mother, slacker Jeff might discover his destiny (finally) when he spends the day with his unhappily married brother as he tracks his possibly adulterous wife. Jeff, at 30, lives in his mom's basement, unemployed, looking for signs about what to do with his life. He answers a wrong-number call for "Kevin". Later, on a bus, he sees someone wearing a jersey with "Kevin" on the back. Jeff follows him. Meanwhile, Jeff's brother, Pat, a tone-deaf salesman, upsets his wife by buying a Porsche they cannot afford; Pat runs into Jeff soon after and they see Pat's wife with another man. At her job, Jeff and Pat's mom receives e-mails from a secret admirer; she tries to figure out who it is. Misunderstandings, errors, and confrontations abound. A backup on the Lake Pontchartrain Causeway brings things to a head. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Thirty year old Jeff Thompkins believes in the cosmic order of the world. Taking a cue from his favorite movie Signs (2002) , Jeff is waiting for a sign from the universe for what he is supposed to do with his life. In the meantime, he doesn't work, lounges around his long widowed mother Sharon Thompkins' suburban Baton Rouge basement where he lives, and smokes weed. Seemingly responsible Sharon and Jeff's older brother Pat Thompkins don't understand Jeff, who they want to do something, anything, with his life, rather than waste it away. Little do they realize that their own lives are in shambles, despite the signs being obvious to anyone looking in at them. Sharon has not had love in her life since her husband Dan passed away a decade and a half ago, and doesn't really feel connected to her children. And Pat is oblivious to the fact that he neglects and largely dismisses his wife Linda, who looks for emotional gratification from anywhere she can find it because of Pat's behavior. One day, Jeff receives what he believes is a sign in the most everyday of occurrences: a wrong number, the caller who was looking for someone named Kevin. As Jeff follows any lead for that mystery Kevin, he encounters Pat solely by chance. They end up spending much of their day together, as in Jeff's search for the meaning of Kevin, he is there when Pat has the first spark of recognition that there is something wrong with his marriage as they spy Linda with another unknown man. Interspersed with helping Pat find out what Linda is doing with this man, Jeff still searches for how "Kevin" will change his life. Meanwhile, Sharon receives her own sign at work in the form of flirty text message on her computer from an anonymous co-worker, calling himself her secret admirer. She and her friend and co-worker Carol try to discover the identity of the mystery man, who does not seem to want to come out from the shadows. Huggo Jeff is a 30 year old slacker who still lives in his mom's basement, and is obsessed with the movie 'Signs'. His brother Pat, doesn't approve of Jeff's lifestyle. Pat is married and has a job, but all is not well in his marriage. In fact, Pat suspects his wife is having an affair. Jeff agrees to help Pat find out what's going on and along the way fates collide. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When Jeff (Jason Segel) leaves his mother's basement to buy wood glue at the store, he looks for signs from the universe to determine his path. However, a series of unexpected and amusing events leads him to cross paths with his family, especially his brother (Ed Helms), in the strangest of circumstances and locations. If Jeff is very lucky and universally blessed, he will find the meaning of his life... and remember to buy the wood glue as well. 
 Quest for Fire (1981)431) This story takes place in prehistoric time when three tribesmen search for a new fire source. Anthony Burgess created the primitive language for the early humans in this prehistoric adventure about a trio of warriors who travel the savanna, encountering sabre-toothed tigers, mammoths and cannibalistic tribes in search of a flame that would replace the fire their tribe has lost. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> In the prehistoric world, a Cro-Magnon tribe depends on an ever-burning source of fire, which eventually extinguishes. Lacking the knowledge to start a new fire, the tribe sends three warriors on a quest for more. With the tribe's future at stake, the warriors make their way across a treacherous landscape full of hostile tribes and monstrous beasts. On their journey, they encounter Ika, a woman who has the knowledge they seek. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Eighty thousand years ago, a brutal Wagabou attack on a sleepy Ulam cave dwelling causes much death and injury. Naoh distinguishes himself in the attack, killing a couple of the gorilla-like Wagabou. Nevertheless, the attack, followed by wolf depredations, leads to the extinguishing of the Ulams' fire. Even the flame kept in a small bone and hide receptacle and guarded by a special fire-keeper, who flounders while slogging through a lake, is lost. The ragged survivors, in miserable conditions, send forth Naoh, Amoukar, and Gaw to find "atra"--fire. A rival faction of the clan seeks to claim the receptacle and the quest for themselves, but an elder chief-figure restores it to Naoh. Crossing a savannah landscape, the three are treed by a pair of sabre-tooth cats. Trapped for some time, the men eat all the leaves of the perilously small tree before the cats leave. Continuing on, they hunger for meat, and Amoukar and Gaw quarrel. They see smoke in a distant forest, but arrive too late to capture the fire. Pawing through the ashes of the campfire, they find bones to gnaw, but stop in disgust as they uncover a humanoid skull. Stalking the cannibalistic Kzamma by the light of their campfire, they see two captive women (one is Ika, who we are soon to meet) hanging captive from a tree. While Amoukar and Gaw run a diversion, Naoh tries to steal fire, but ends up in a fight. He seriously injures two Kzamma, but not before being bitten in the groin. In the end, Naoh absconds with two fire sticks and rejoins his mates. They are soon approached by Ika. The men try to drive her off, but she follows, and eventually wins over Naoh by applying a vegetable poultice to his injured gonads while Amoukar and Gaw are off gathering gourds. The Kzamma have pursued, however, and are poised to attack in superior numbers when miraculously a herd of Wooly Mammoth enter the scene. Naoh wins the day when he approaches the head Mammoth and, supplicant, offers a handful of grass. The animal accepts the offering, and the herd drives off the Kzamma. That evening around the fire, the sexual tension is think. Amoukar makes a try for Ika, but she appeals to Naoh, who warns off Amoukar and--a fast healer--promptly mounts her himself, despite her screams and struggles, though the brief interlude seems to conclude in mutual satisfaction. The following day, Ika attempts to divert the men toward another route, but they ignore her. Later, Naoh seems on the verge of a discovering the stone age breakthrough of flint-knapping when a stone dislodged by Gaw hits Amoukar in the head; Ika's laughter is foreign and somewhat alarming to the men, who, we realize have not yet learned the art and luxury of laughter. The following morning, Ika runs off, and, later that day and to the disgust of his fellows, Naoh leads them in pursuit. They let him go on alone and, nearing Ikas village of mud and reed huts, Naoh bogs down in quicksand and is taken prisoner by her people, the Ivaka. Ika's more advanced people feed Naoh and watch laughing as he has sex with four of the plumper village girls. The following day, Naoh is moved to tears as he watches a demonstration of the wooden drill the villagers use to make fire. Meanwhile, Amoukar and Gaw, having gone in search of Naoh, are found in the quicksand. That night, Amoukar and Gaw escape with an armload of atlatls (another new technology) and with Naoh, whom they must club unconscious in order to bring along. Ika follows. Later, with loving looks, Naoh and Ika decorate one another with mud. Up a tree, Amoukar drops a rock onto Gaw's head, and all have a good laugh. Still later, Naoh mounts Ika but she soon turns onto her back and teaches him another position, to his delight. As this continues, Amoukar makes overtures to Gaw, but Gaw makes clear his refusal. Soon after, the four encounter their old Ulam rivals who challenged them at the outset of their quest. While Naoh and Amoukar reconnoiter, Gaw and Ika hang back at a cave; suddenly, a massive brown bear comes out of the darkness of the cave and mauls Gaw. As the others carry Gaw toward home and safety, the rival clansmen attack, demanding the fire the travelers carry with them. With their new stone-tipped spears and atlatls, they make short work of the Ulam ingrates, and even Ika getting in on the atlatl action. Returning to the main Ulam group, the people are overjoyed to see the travelers returning with fire. During the celebration, which takes place in the shallows of a lake, the original fire-keeper again falls with the receptacle into the water, extinguishing the flame. Naoh makes an oratory to a skeptical Ulam audience before sitting down with the drill to make fire. He soon becomes frustrated and Ika takes over, starting the fire and winning over the Ulam people in the process. That evening, as Amoukar regales his audience with tales of their epic quest and the injured Gaw enjoys the ministrations of a clanwoman around the roaring campfire, Naoh and Ikah sit side by side in the moonlight admiring her swelling tummy. 
 Commando (1985)431) A retired Special Forces colonel tries to save his daughter, who was abducted by his former subordinate. A retired special agent named John Matrix led an elite unit and has left the armed forces to live in a secluded mountain home with his daughter Jenny. But now he is forced out of retirement when his daughter is kidnapped by a band of thugs intent on revenge! Unbeknownst to Matrix, the members of his former unit are being killed one by one. Even though Matrix' friend General Franklin Kirby gives Matrix armed guards, attackers manage to kidnap Matrix and Jenny. Matrix learns that Bennett, a former member of his Matrix' unit who was presumed dead has kidnapped him to try to force Matrix to do a political assassination for a man called Arius (who calls himself El Presidente), a warlord formerly bested by Matrix who wishes to lead a military coup in his home country. Since Arius will have Jenny killed if Matrix refuses, Matrix reluctantly accepts the demand. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} John Matrix is a retired Army Colonel who went UP against some dangerous PEople. He lives in seclusion with his daughter, Jenny. His former C.O. Shows Up to tell him That some of his men who like him have been living under different identities were killed, which means one of Matris's enemies is after him. So after the man leaves, they are attacked and Matrix is captured. He learns That Bennet one of his men whom he thought was killed is working with them and harbors a grudge against Matrix and they are working for a South American dictator he helped overthrow. The man wants Matrix to kill the man who's now the President. They have his daughter as leverage. They put Matrix on a plane going to the dictator's country. Matrix kills the man sent to accompany him. He then gets off the plane and tries to Find his daughter. And has 11 hours to do it cause that's When the plane lands and they Will kill his daughter When they Find out he's gone. He follows one of them and drags a girl in to Help him. Rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two garbage collectors gun down a man with mini-Uzis. A bald-headed tough steals a car from a dealership and crushes the dealer. A tugboat is blown up in the harbor. These murders have one thing in common - all involve former members of a commando team led by John Matrix, a hulking ex-Colonel whose exploits have made him and his men enemies among totalitarian empires and groups around the world. Matrix and his daughter Jenny live alone in the mountains of upstate California, but Matrix's former commanding officer, General Franklin Kirby, flies to the house to tell Matrix about the killings of his men, and to leave two expert soldiers to guard him as Kirby and the feds work to find the killers. No sooner does Kirby leave, however, than a mass of gunmen open fire on the house, killing the two soldiers. Jenny hides in her bedroom while Matrix rushes to his shed - in reality an underground weapons bunker - to get his rifle. Now armed, he confronts a gunman who offers him a choice - do as they say and his daughter, now being taken away in one of several fleeing cars, lives. Matrix blasts the gunman, and despite finding his truck sabotaged, he goes after the gunmen by driving the powerless truck down the steep mountain, intercepting one of the fleeing vehicles and attacking four armed thugs, beating two senseless before being beaten down himself. He then is confronted by the gunmen's leader - Bennett, who had been thought killed in the tugboat explosion. Bennett, however, is the one behind the killings and faked his own death to smoke out Kirby and Matrix, wanting revenge after being discharged by Matrix from the Army for massacreing civilians in a South American nation whose Marxist dictator, Arias, was overthrown by Matrix's team - and who is now Bennett's employer. Matrix is being dragooned into flying to Arias' country to overthrow its new leader, but Matrix escapes and must force the assistance of Cindy, an off-duty pilot, to help track down Arias' men after one of them, Sully, tries to hit on her. Matrix and Cindy track down Sully and after a violent brawl at a mall and a chase up the Hollywood hills he apprehends Sully and holds him over a steep cliff, demanding information on Jenny's whereabouts. Sully only knows what his pal Cooke (the bald-headed thug) knows, so Matrix drops Sully to his death. Matrix confronts Cooke at his motel, and a brawl erupts that spills into the room of a very amorous couple startled while making love. The supremely-endowed couple watch in horror as Matrix kills Cooke, then finds information in his pocket and his car that leads to a warehouse showing an island where Jenny is being held. First Matrix and Cindy raid a weapons store but Matrix must be rescued from intruding police; Cindy pulls this off with a rocket launcher she figures out how to use by reading the available instruction manual. Matrix and Cindy hijack a seaplane and fly to the island, where he arms himself like an army and sneaks into Arias' fortress. There he blows up barracks and slaughters Arias' inept army of soldiers, but in the chaos Jenny escapes but is caught by Bennett in the boiler room of the main mansion. Matrix succeeds in killing Arias but must taunt Bennett into freeing Jenny by appealing to his steroid-induced egomania and rage for killing Matrix in hand-to-hand combat. 
 The Color Purple (1985)431) A black Southern woman struggles to find her identity after suffering abuse from her father and others over four decades. This film follows the life of Celie, a young black girl growing up in the early 1900's. The first time we see Celie, she is 14 - and pregnant - by her father. We stay with her for the next 30 years of her tough life... Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com> Georgia, 1909. With an abusive father, the only person who 14-year old Celie cares for and loves is her younger sister Nettie. Then Celie is married off to Albert Johnson, a brutal, uncaring man. After an incident between Nettie and Albert, Albert bans Nettie from his property and it appears that Celie may never see her again. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the winter of 1909 Georgia, a 14-year-old African American girl named Celie (Desreta Jackson) gives birth to a daughter, whom she names Olivia, as her younger sister, Nettie (Akosua Busia), acts as midwife. Since the baby was conceived through incest, Celie's father, Pa (Leonard Jackson), seizes the infant and warns his daughter to keep the pregnancy a secret. Celie had previously conceived another child through incest, a son named Adam, but he was also removed from her care. Sometime later, a prominent local farmer named Albert Johnson (Danny Glover) asks Pa's permission to marry young Nettie. Refusing, the old man offers Celie instead, and Albert takes the girl to his plantation. There, she calls him "Mister," acts as a domestic servant, and endures his physical abuse. In the spring of 1910, Celie believes she recognizes her seven-month-old daughter, Olivia, in town. She follows Corrine (Susan Beaubian), the baby's supposed mother, to learn the child was adopted by Reverend Samuel. However, Celie remains uncertain whether the child is her own. Back at the farm, Celie is visited by Nettie, who escaped Pa. Celie warns Nettie to leave the farm before Albert has his way with her, but the sisters are inseparable, and Nettie teaches Celie to read. One day, Albert attempts to rape Nettie on her route to school. When she retaliates, Albert violently forces her to leave, and she and Celie are separated yet again. Nettie promises to write to her sister. Sometime later, Albert receives a letter announcing the imminent arrival of his former lover, a diva named Shug Avery (Margaret Avery). Although Celie hopes for mail from Nettie, Albert declares she will never see letters from her sister. Years pass, and the adult Celie (now played by Whoopi Goldberg) improves her reading to escape Albert's brutality. In the summer of 1916, Albert meets his son Harpo's (Willard Pugh) pregnant fiance, Sofia (Oprah Winfrey). Although he forbids the marriage, the two wed shortly after the birth of their first child. When the couple moves to the Johnson farm, both Albert and Celie advise young Harpo to beat the brazen girl into submission. Instead, Sofia punches Harpo in the eye and vows to fight for her dignity. Although Harpo and Sofia have more children over the next few years, their brawls continue and Sofia leaves with their offspring. One day, during a rainstorm, Albert returns home with an ailing Shug Avery and Celie is smitten by the sickly, yet unabashed, starlet. Later, Celie bathes Shug and the woman cries about the loss of her pastor father's affection. Meanwhile, Albert's father, Old Mister Johnson (Adolph Ceasar), arrives unexpectedly and renounces his son's romance with the free-spirited, promiscuous Shug, but Celie secretly spits in his water. In the summer 1922, Albert, Harpo, and their musician friend, Swain (Laurence Fishburne), build a makeshift, lakeside saloon called "Harpo's" for Shug to reestablish her singing career. There, crowds defy Prohibition to indulge in alcohol and Shug's seductive spectacles. Celie is mesmerized one night by a suggestive song called "Miss Celie's Blues." Just then, Harpo's estranged wife, Sofia, arrives with a gentleman friend, and Harpo coaxes her onto the dance floor. However, Harpo's latest lover, Squeak (Rae Dawn Chong), is displeased by the reunion and slaps Sofia. After returning home from the ensuing brawl, Celie dresses in Shug's cocktail dress and smiles for the first time. However, her joy dissipates when Shug announces her intention to leave the Johnson farm. As Shug inquires about Celie's relationship with Albert, the girl reveals he has never cared about her happiness, and he beats her when Shug is not around. Declaring her love for the girl, Shug says Celie is still a virgin and kisses her. In the coming days, Shug visits her preacher father and he ignores her. When Shug leaves for Memphis, Tennessee, Celie plans to escape, but Albert interferes. Sometime later, in town, Sofia refuses to be a servant for Miss Millie (Dana Ivey), the mayor's wife, then punches the racist white mayor in retaliation for his verbal abuse against his wife, and racist slurs against her. As a result of this, Sofia is arrested for assaulting a white man. Eight years later, in the spring 1930, a gray-haired and physically and emotionally defeated Sofia is released from prison, only to become Miss Millie's maid since she has no money or job. On Christmas day later that year, Miss Millie drives Sofia to reunite for the day with her three estranged children and extended family, including Harpo. However, the fearful Miss Millie fears the black men outside are attacking her when they help maneuver her car and she orders Sofia to leave with her. During Easter weekend of 1935, Shug returns to the Johnson farm with her new, wealthy husband, named Grady (Bennet Gilroy). As Albert and Grady drunkenly discuss their romantic rivalry, Shug checks the mail and finds a letter from Celie's sister, Nettie, who is now living in Africa. The letter confirms that Celie's two children, Olivia and Adam, were adopted by Corrine, the lady Celie saw in town, and her husband, Reverend Samuel. Nettie joined the missionaries on their journey to Africa as the children's nanny. Shug and Celie search the house and find Nettie's previous letters hidden under the floorboards. Reading Nettie's old letters, Celie learns about her sister's life in Africa, and the violence of white colonists. However, Nettie promises to return with the children as soon as they meet the approval of U.S. immigration. Sometime later, Albert beats as usual Celie, demanding she shave his face, and she prepares to murder him by cutting his throat with the straight razor, but Shug comes to the rescue. Meanwhile, in Africa, Olivia and Adam are initiated into a native tribe as knives slice through their cheeks. Back in Georgia at Easter dinner, Shug announces she is bringing Celie to Memphis. When Albert objects, Celie defies her husband, and Sofia, who has returned home from her servitude to Miss Millie, regains her impetuous nature. After holding a knife to Albert's throat, Celie leaves the farm, vowing that her husband will suffer for his abuse and offenses. In the fall of 1937, Albert's farm is decrepit and his face unshaven since Celie walked out on him. That winter, Celie returns for Pa's funeral. Realizing the man was really her stepfather, Celie is relieved that her children are exempted from an incestuous lineage, and she inherits the flourishing homestead that once belonged to her biological father. Sometime later, Celie and Shug walk through the field of purple flowers surrounding the house and Shug declares that God is offended when people fail to notice the divine glory of color. Inspired by natural beauty, Shug resumes singing at Harpo's saloon one Sunday. However, Shug's pastor father hears his daughter's song at his nearby parish and orders the chorus to sing louder and drown out Shug's voice. Defying her father's scorn, Shug sings along with the gospel and the saloon patrons, including Celie and Sofia, follow her to the church. There, Shug bellows the Christian verse to her estranged father and they embrace. Meanwhile, back at the Johnson farm, Albert receives a letter addressed to Celie from the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service. In an attempt to redeem himself, Albert retrieves his hidden savings of cash, goes to the immigration bureau, and secures the safe return of Celie's family. Sometime later in 1938, Celie sees strangers on the horizon of her purple flower field and realizes the African visitors are Nettie, as well as Adam and Olivia. Watching the joyful reunion from Celie's porch, Shug notices Albert in the distance and recognizes his contribution to Celie's happiness. The film ends with Celie and Nettie walking together in the field, reunited at last forever. 