nm0005416:

 Eyes Wide Shut (1999)651) A Manhattan doctor embarks on a bizarre, night-long odyssey after his wife's admission of unfulfilled longing. After his wife, Alice, tells him about her sexual fantasies, William Harford sets out for a night of sexual adventure. After several less than successful encounters, he meets an old friend, Nick Nightingale--now a musician--who tells him of strange sex parties where he is required to play the piano blindfolded. All the men at the party are costumed and wear masks while the women are all young and beautiful. Harford manages to find an appropriate costume and heads out to the party. Once there, however, he is warned by someone who recognizes him, despite the mask, that he is in great danger. He manages to extricate himself, but the threats prove to be quite real and sinister. garykmcd Dr. Bill and Mrs. Alice Harford are a young, upper middle class couple living in a lavish apartment along Central Park West with their seven year old daughter, Helena Harford. It's the Christmas season, and like they have been the past several years, they are invited to the annual lavish Christmas ball hosted by Victor Ziegler, one of Bill's wealthy patients. Based on their individual encounters at the party, which includes Bill secretly providing his professional services to a guest, Bill and Alice have a frank discussion, largely initiated by Alice, about their sex life, their sexual fantasies - most specifically if those fantasies include other people - and fidelity. As a result, Bill begins to notice those sexual opportunities available to him outside of their marriage. Although he contemplates seizing upon some of those opportunities, it's the one mentioned to him by Nick Nightingale - a former medical school colleague who dropped out to become a full time musician, and who was the pianist at Victor's party, where he and Nick were reacquainted - that piques Bill's interest the most. Bill's interest is probably increased by Nick's pleas for him not to follow-up on what he tells him. That opportunity is a secret, by invitation only party, the latest in a series, where Nick is hired to play blindfolded, with the party location divulged to him only one hour prior to his arrival. It was during a previous party that Nick saw beneath his blindfold that it was a sex party, all the participants dressed in costume and wearing masks, probably to provide anonymity to all the attendees. Bill is able to sneak his way into this latest party, which is even more elaborate than his wildest fantasies. But what happens at the party may irreparably affect his marriage, his sex life with Alice, and their lives in their entirety. Huggo Stanley Kubrick's final motion picture, which speculates on a doctor's discovery of his own health. The doctor wanders around the streets of New York City after his wife tells him that she had a recent erotic encounter with an alternative partner. His wife's revelation gives him simple ideas about freedom and betrayal. A doctor becomes obsessed with having a sexual encounter after his wife admits to having sexual fantasies about a man she met and chastising him for dishonesty in not admitting to his own fantasies. This sets him off into unfulfilled encounters with a dead patient's daughter and a hooker. But when he visits a nightclub, where a pianist friend Nick Nightingale is playing, he learns about a secret sexual group and decides to attend one of their congregations. However, he quickly learns he is in well over his head and finds he and his family are threatened. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bill and Alice Harford ( Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman ), a well-to-do Manhattan couple, have been married for nine years. Bill is a doctor with his own private practice and Alice is a full-time mother, though she has managed an art gallery in the past. They have a seven-year-old daughter named Helena ( Madison Eginton ), whom they leave with a babysitter for the evening while they attend a Christmas party thrown by wealthy attorney Victor Ziegler ( Sydney Pollack ) and his wife Illona (Leslie Lowe). While at the party, Bill runs into an old friend, Nick Nightingale ( Todd Field ). Nick dropped out of medical school to become a pianist. Before returning to his place among the band, he invites Bill to come see him at another gig while he's in town. While Alice drunkenly fends off the advances of an unctuous middle-aged Hungarian businessman named Sandor Szavost ( Sky du Mont ), Bill flirts with two models. Alice dances with Sandor but finally gives him the slip when he invites her upstairs, citing the fact that she is married. Just as the models offer to show Bill "where the rainbow ends," he is discreetly summoned upstairs for an apparent emergency. Ziegler had been partying upstairs with an escort, Mandy ( Julienne Davis ). When she shot up a mixture of heroin and cocaine, she passed out, scaring Ziegler. Bill rouses the naked woman back to consciousness; determining that she'll safely recover, he chides her to get some help for her addiction. Ziegler makes Bill promise not to mention the incident to anyone. The next night, Alice rolls a joint and she and Bill get stoned. She asks Bill what he was doing with the two models the previous night. He denies hitting on them and asks Alice about the man he saw dancing with her. She says he wanted to have sex with her, which Bill jokes is understandable. Alice turns Bill's comment around and argues that Bill must have wanted to have sex with the models. He assures her that he would not break his marriage vows by cheating on her, but this only further inflames Alice, who infers that the only reason Bill didn't have a fling with the models is out of some sense of marital duty. When Bill smugly claims that women require love before they can have sex and that he has never been concerned she would cheat on him, Alice laughs mockingly. She reminds Bill of a family vacation they spent one summer at a resort in Cape Cod, and asks him if he remembers a certain naval officer. Bill draws a blank. Alice explains to Bill that she wanted this man so badly that she couldn't stop fantasizing about him even while she made love to Bill and attended to Alice. She states flatly that she considered throwing away her life as a wife and mother just to have sex with the handsome stranger. Bill appears stunned and deeply troubled by Alice's confession that when she learned that the naval officer had left the resort, she felt sorry that he was gone, but also "relieved" that fate had prevented her from sleeping with the man, which she most certainly would have done if he had stayed. Their discussion comes to an abrupt end when the telephone rings and Bill is called away to the home of one of his patients, but thoughts of Alice being ravished by the naval officer continue to haunt him. Bill arrives at the lavish apartment of his patient Lou Nathanson, who has just passed away after an illness. He offers his condolences to Nathanson's grief-stricken daughter, Marion ( Marie Richardson ). In the middle of discussing her engagement and future plans, Marion suddenly confesses to Bill that she is deeply in love with him and needs to be near him, even if she will never get to see him. Bill politely declines her advance, telling her that she is distraught and confused by her father's death. Marion's fianc Carl ( Thomas Gibson ) arrives and Bill takes the opportunity to make an exit. Walking through the streets, Bill sees a hooker making out with a john and continues to be plagued by images of his wife with the naval officer. Minutes later, a group of drunken frat boys shove Bill down on the sidewalk, baiting him with homophobic taunts. As Bill continues wandering downtown, a prostitute named Domino ( Vinessa Shaw ) propositions him. He hesitates, but agrees to accompany her to her apartment nearby. Just as they kiss in her bedroom, Alice calls on his cell phone. Bill lies that he is still at Nathanson's apartment but after hanging up, thinks better of his decision to solicit Domino's services. He pays her and leaves without taking things any further. Resuming his walk, he passes the Sonata Club, where his former medical school chum, Nick Nightingale, is playing piano with a group. Bill decides to stop in to listen. After the music number is up, Nick meets with Bill for drinks at a table. He reveals that he is scheduled to play piano at a sex party later that night and he is waiting for the code word. When Nick answers his cell phone and appears to be discussing admission to the party, Bill hectors him for more details -- he wants to attend. Nick reveals the code word, "Fidelio," by writing it down on a napkin and explains that the orgyists wear costumes. Nick says he doesn't know much else because he's always blindfolded when he plays at the parties. Even though it is after 1:00 a.m., Bill walks to a costume shop called "Rainbow Fashions" hoping the owner, a patient of his, will help him with a costume as a favor. However, the store is under new ownership, and the man who answers the door, a middle aged European named Mr. Milich ( Rade Serbedzija ) tells Bill to come back during business hours. Bill offers Milich a generous amount of money to rent him a costume now. While taking Bill through the showroom, Milich catches his teenage daughter ( Leelee Sobieski ), clad in only her underwear, cavorting with two similarly half-dressed older Japanese businessmen in a dressing room. As his daughter cowers behind Bill, Milich expresses outrage at their lack of decency. He locks the men in the room and threatens to call the police on them after he has served Bill. On the way to the party in a taxi, Bill continues to obsess about his wife with the naval officer. Using the password supplied by Nick, he gains access to the party, held at a remote mansion in Long Island. As Bill enters the main room he puts on his mask and sees a large gathering in the foyer of masked and robed people wearing masks and black robes. A man wearing a red robe stands in a circle of thirteen masked women at the center of the room. The women remove their cloaks to reveal that they are clad only in thong bikinis and engage in a quasi-religious ritual before an audience of similarly cloaked and masked men and women. Nick, blindfolded nearby, plays the electric organ. The party-goers then retire to watch or participate in a variety of sexual acts in other rooms throughout the mansion. One masked woman comes to Bill, takes him aside and warns him that he does not belong there. Bill walks through the mansion where various orgies are taking place from the living room, to the dining room and the library. After a few minutes, Bill meets another masked woman who accompanies in watching the library room orgy. Just then, the first masked woman catches up with Bill and takes him aside out of the room where she again tells him to leave and insists he is in terrible danger, for the others suspect that he is an outsider. Bill demands answers and urges the woman to leave with him, but she refuses, saying that it could cost her life and maybe his. The masked woman runs when Bill is then interrupted by a masked porter who tells him that the taxi driver who is waiting outside wants to speak with him. However, the porter takes him to the main room where the masked, red-cloaked Master of Ceremonies confronts Bill in front of the anonymous spectators with a question about a second password, which Bill is unable to answer. The Master of Ceremonies asks him to "kindly remove your mask," and once he does, requests that he also remove his clothes. Before Bill is forced to disrobe, the young woman who had tried to warn Bill intervenes and insists that she be punished instead of him. As she is taken away, Bill asks what is going to happen to her. The Master cryptically replies her fate is sealed. Bill is allowed to leave, but he is also warned not to tell anyone about what happened there or he and his family will suffer "dire consequences." Bill returns home shortly before dawn, guilty and confused. He hides the costume in a locked bureau in his office. Alice awakens and tells him of a troubling dream in which he and she wandered naked in a deserted city. She felt frightened and ashamed while he went off to try to find their clothes. After he left, she felt better, finding herself, still naked, in a beautiful garden. The naval officer emerged, stared at her, and the two of them began making love surrounded by many other couples doing the same. She then started having sex with many of those men and laughing at the idea of Bill seeing her with them. The next morning, Bill goes to a restaurant next door to the Sonata cafe in search of Nick Nightingale, where he learns from the waitress where Nick is staying. Bill goes to the hotel to talk to Nick, but the front desk clerk ( Alan Cumming ) informs Bill that Nick checked out several hours ago. When Bill asks the desk clerk if there was "anything odd" about Nick's departure, the desk clerk tells Bill that Nick returned to the hotel just before dawn, accompanied by two well-dressed and well-spoken but burly men, one of whom went up to the room with Nick while the other paid his hotel bill. When Nick came back downstairs with his luggage, the desk clerk tells Bill that Nick tried to pass him an envelope, but one of the men noticed this and intercepted it. The two men then forcibly escorted Nick into a waiting limousine parked outside the hotel and they left. The desk clerk adds that Nick appeared to be frightened and his face was bruised. Next, Bill goes to return the costume to Rainbow Fashions, but the mask isn't in the bag with the rest of the costume. Milich adds the missing mask to Bill's charge. Milich's daughter and the two businessmen appear again. The men, now attired in expensive suits, exchange a few pleasantries before they leave. Milich's teenage daughter is still in her underwear. Bewildered by the sudden turn of events, Bill reminds Milich that he was going to report the men to the police. The shopkeeper smilingly informs Bill that he and the businessmen have "come to another arrangement." With his daughter by his side, Mr. Milich states he can do other favors for Bill "and it needn't be a costume." His daughter simply stares at Bill enigmatically. That afternoon at his doctor's office, Bill cannot get the thoughts about what happened the night before out of his head. More disturbed than ever, Bill takes the rest of the day off, gets his Range Rover vehicle, and drives to the site of the party at a mansion called Somerton. At the locked front gate, a vehicle on the other side of the mansion drives up where an elderly suited man walks forward and without saying a word, hands Bill an envelope and walks away. The envelope has Bill's name typed on it. Bill is more troubled because although the people there saw his face, he had never told anyone at the party his name. The note tells Bill to cease his inquiries about the previous night's events and to consider the note his "second warning." Throughout the rest of the day, Bill cannot get visions of Alice and the naval officer having passionate sex out of his head. After he returns home from work, he thinks about Alice's recounting of the scene while he watches her instruct their daughter in math. After dinner, Bill lies to Alice about having appointments at his office that very night. Bill goes back to his office alone and just sits at his desk doing nothing. Bill then attempts to call Marion, but hangs up when her fianc, Carl, answers the phone. Bill purchases a box of some pastries and goes back to Domino's apartment to give them to her. However, Domino is not home but her roommate Sally ( Fay Masterson ) is. Bill actually tries to briefly seduce Sally, who seems interested, but the mood is dampened when she feels obliged to break the news to Bill that Domino moved out for good after she had learned earlier that morning that she is HIV-positive. Walking down a street, brooding, Bill notices a well-dressed stranger trailing him. Bill ducks into a nearby coffee shop and apparently loses his pursuer. There, Bill reads an article from his newspaper, the New York Post, that a woman named Amanda Curran, a former beauty queen, was found dead of a drug overdose in a hotel room that morning. Using his doctor's credentials, Bill goes to the morgue to view the body. He recognizes Amanda Curran as the same "Mandy" who overdosed at the Zieglers' Christmas party two nights earlier, and suspects that she may also have been the same masked woman who tried to warn him during the orgy. Bill now fears that she died to protect him. As he is leaving the hospital, Bill receives a call on his cell phone from Ziegler, who wants to meet with him. In the spacious living room at Ziegler's house, after a few minutes of casual talk, Ziegler suddenly reveals that he knows all about what happened to Bill the previous night because he was at the orgy Bill crashed and pleads with him to give up his investigations. He admits to having had Bill followed because his own position with the mysterious group has been jeopardized by Bill's intrusion, and curses Nick for having told Bill about the event. Ziegler assures Bill that beyond voyeurism and sex, nothing untoward happened at the party. All of the warnings and the "trial", Ziegler suggests, were staged to frighten Bill into keeping quiet. Ziegler further tells Bill that the masked and costumed attendees at the orgy party are very wealthy, important, powerful people who want to protect their privacy. They already suspected that Bill didn't belong at the orgy because he came in a taxi and left the rental receipt for the costume in the pocket of his coat; also there was no second password. Bill would like to believe Ziegler, but can't simply overlook the death of Amanda Curran, whom Ziegler identified as the woman at the Christmas party as well as the same woman from the orgy who "sacrificed" herself to prevent Bill's punishment. He also wonders about Nick's fate. Ziegler claims that Nick is safely back home in Seattle, and that Mandy was simply a prostitute who had a bad drug problem and died from an accidental overdose. Ziegler quotes: "Life goes on, until it doesn't. It always does." (Note: Bill clearly struggles to accept everything Ziegler is telling him. Ultimately however, Ziegler is one of Bill's patients and socializes with many of Bill's other wealthy patients... some of whom are surely the same people involved in these strange ceremonies. Ziegler could effectively put an end to Bill's medical practice if he were to decide to cause any further trouble or question Ziegler's answers, not to mention taking other, more sinister measures against Bill of which he has hinted he is capable. Bill has no choice but to acquiesce and try to forget everything he's seen-- or thinks he's seen.) Bill returns home. He sees his mask from the orgy lying on his pillow next to a sleeping Alice. He breaks down in tears and wants to tell her everything. The next morning finds them both red-eyed and emotionally drained. Later that day, Bill and Alice take their daughter Christmas shopping at F.A.O. Schwartz. In a private moment, Bill asks Alice what they should do about their problems. She responds that she is grateful that they have both survived their recent real-life and dream-life adventures, and that they're both "awake" now. When Bill seeks reassurance that they'll remain awake "forever," Alice hedges, saying that while she loves him, the word "forever" frightens her. In the meantime, she suggests, they should get home and "fuck" as soon as possible. 
 Hocus Pocus (1993)761) A curious youngster moves to Salem, where he struggles to fit in before awakening a trio of diabolical witches that were executed in the 17th century. 300 years have passed since the Sanderson sisters were executed for practicing dark witchcraft. Returning to life thanks to a combination of a spell spoken before their demise and the accidental actions of Max, the new-kid-in-town, the sisters have but one night to secure their continuing existence... anonymous Three hundred years ago, executed witches were executed in Salem, Massachusetts and a boy who tried to stop the witches was turned into an immortal black cat. Now it's Halloween 1993 and the witches are accidentally brought back. This time, they've got until sunrise to achieve immortal life and have turned their wrath on trick-or-treaters and it's up to a teenager, his kid sister and his girlfriend along with the 300-year-old cat to save the day. Steve Derby <sderby@sdeco.com> 300 years ago, the Sanderson sisters had practiced witchcraft and been punished. Now it's Halloween 1993 and Max Dennison has lit the candle that is said to bring the witches back to life. Now Max, his girlfriend Allison, and his kid sister Dani must save all the kids in Salem from the witch sisters including leader Winifred, goofy Sarah, and high-strung Mary who will steal the lives of children. Corey Semple (AdamSandler's8SexyNights) In the year 1693, sisters, Winifred, Mary and Sarah were executed for practicing witchcraft. Just before their execution, Winifred made a curse, a curse that when a virgin lights the black flame candle they shall return . In 1993, 300 years later, Max decides to light the candle in order to show off to his irritating kid sister Dani and his wannabe girlfriend Alison. Now, the three Witches are back ready for a night of fun, magic and horror in the modern Salem on Halloween. BHamazonking In the year 1693, three sisters, Winifred, Mary and Sarah were executed for their practicing witchcraft but not before their living book of spells revealed to them a curse to bring the three back from the dead. 300 years later, teenager Max Dennison is a newcomer to Salem, struggling to adjust after growing up in California.Now, he must spend the evening escorting her door to door for trick or treating while their parents enjoy the town Halloween dance. Max's efforts to impress a girl lead him to break the curse and bring Sarah, Mary, and Winifred Sanderson back from the dead. From there on out, it's a non-stop, fun-filled chase as the witches pursue the children, determined to perform their spells before sunrise or else the witches will be gone forever. Max, Dani, and Allison work together to outrun, outwit, and outlast the evil trio and their magical arsenal, with the fate of all the children of Salem hanging in the balance. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Hocus Pocus begins in a small town in 1693, were a teenager named Thackery Binx realizes his little sister, Emily, has been lured Into the woods, under the control of a witch. Thackery urges his friend Elijah to hurry back to the village and alert the elders. He then rushes after Emily, and eventually finds the house where Emily has been captured. Inside the house, three aging evil witches, the Sanderson sisters-- Winifred, Mary, and Sarah (Midler, Najimy and Parker), are brewing a potion in a cauldron. Winifred, the eldest sister, highlights that the potion, when drank by a child, has the ability to restore the witches' youth. Before the witches can force the potion into Emily, Thackery stops them and engages in a brawl with Winnie, and is overcome. The sisters then suck the life-force from little Emily and their youth is restored, then cast a spell on helpless Thackery that he take the form of a black cat for eternity to suffer do his failure to save his sister. Immediately after, the angry villagers, wielding torches, capture the sisters and prepare to hang the trio. Thackery's father demands that Winifred divulge his son's whereabouts, but she refuses to say. Winnie's spell book reveals a prophecy that on All Hallows Eve, a virgin shall light the black flame candle and resurrect them. The sisters are then hanged and Thackery the cat rubs against his father's leg, but the father, not recognizing him, pushes him away. 300 years later, in Salem, a teacher tells her class about the Sanderson sisters, since Halloween is approaching. Max Dennison, a new student just arrived from California isn't a believer. Max attempts to befriend fellow classmate Alison as the school closes for Halloween break. While cycling home, Max cuts through a cemetery and runs into two teenage punks named Ice and Jay who tease him, later stealing his trainers. When an irritated Max returns home, unhappy about his new location, he finds solace in his room and daydreams about Alison. Dani, his little sister then frightens him and demands that he take her trick or treating that night. At first he refuses, but is later forced to take his sister into the neighborhood to collect candy. After an embarrassing confrontation with Ice and Jay over surrendering their candy, Dani storms off on Max and he goes to reconcile with her. The two then find the mansion of Alison's family and they meet Alison and engage in a conversation about the Sanderson sisters, planning to break into their home, now an abandoned museum dedicated to them. Dani is anxious about their Halloween prank, and when they break into the mill house Max foolishly lights the black flame candle to impress the girls. Odd occurrences begin to happen at the Sanderson house and the floorboards rattle and shake and the Sanderson sisters return home. The three kids hide while the sisters comically settle back into domesticity after a 3 centuries-long absence. Dani soon shows her face, claiming that she was the one who lit the candle. To protect his sister, Max and Alison attack the witches. Max fools the Witches by setting off the modern sprinkler system, making them think it is a terrible magic that will destroy them, in order to distract the witches from following him. He steals the spell book and is introduced to Thackery, an immortal cat with the ability to speak. After escaping the Sanderson sisters, Max, Alison and Dani follow Thackery 'Binx' into a cemetery to be safe on hallowed ground. BInx shows them Billy Butcherson's grave and his sister's headstone, they soon realize he is Thackery Binx, and that the legends are true about the witches and their killing his sister. The witches discover they have been tricked and devise a plan, the candle spell only brings them back for one night, they plot to suck the lives out of children before sunrise, so that they can stay alive and youthful forever,. They need to find Max since he has stolen the book. The witches set out into the modern world, and are constantly confused as to the ways of the world in the early 90's. They track down Max and the gang to the cemetery, unable to set foot on hallowed ground, and taking flight on their broomsticks. Winnie resurrects Billy Butcherson, now a decaying zombie, to find the trio after losing them. The kids take rescue in a sewer and make their way through the underground while the witches who have had their broomsticks taken by children trick or treaters board a bus. Binx finds a sewer hole that they can escape from Billy and makes his way out into the streets, and is then run over by the bus the sisters have boarded. Binx returns to normal health, since he is immortal, and the witches depart the bus in Halloween-themed suburbia. Max, Alison, Dani and Binx go to city hall, crowded with people attending the Halloween party so that they can find their parents. When the witches enter city hall to find the children, Max's parents do not believe them and he is forced to tell the party-attendants on stage that the witches have come back to life. Everyone laughs until Max points at the Sandersons. The spotlight soon switches to Winnie and her sisters, and everyone stares. But Winifred quickly turns the tables on Max, dazzling the party goers by pretending they are entertainers and breaking into song and going on stage to do a dance number (as only the Divine 'Miss M' can). The song contains an insidious spell by which the witches compel the party goers to all dance and party until they die of exhaustion. Max and the gang flee the city hall party, and hide from the sisters behind a restaurant alley. An old oven gives Alison an idea on how to deal with the witches and they go to their high school. The witches enter the school, since Mary has trailed the scent of the children. Thinking it is a prison for children, the witches search the halls and follow a voice, actually a tape recorder and step into a pottery furnace, Alison and Dani then close the hatch and turn the furnace on to burn up the witches. In celebration, Max and Dani head home with Alison, deciding to keep Binx as their own cat. They fall asleep, certain that the witches are gone forever. But Winnie, Mary and Sarah soon emerge from the furnace and are restored to their normal form.Time is running out and they are desperate since the children have the spell book and they can't remember the spell for the eternal youth potion. Along the home the witches run into Ice and Jay who insult them and the witches take the boys captive and place them in cages at home. Winnie breaks down, certain that they are doomed. At the Dennison household, Alison and Max wake up, both feeling sympathy for Binx in his feline-form. They open the spell book to see if they can reverse his spell, and the book emits a signal that Max, Alison and Dani cannot see. the Sanderson sisters see the signal from across town and go into the cleaning closet to find new brooms. Winnie soon takes flight on a house broom along with Mary on a vacuum and Sarah on a mop and they head into the suburbs to retrieve the book. Max and Alison are stopped by Binx who slams the book shut. Alison has an eerie feeling that something isn't right. Acting on her uncertainty, she and Max fetch some salt from the kitchen, as a defense mechanism if the witches do return. Max and Alison's impromptu moment of romance is interrupted by odd noises from upstairs, and they go to see what happened. Alison sees that the book is gone, and Max pulls back the covers of Dani's bed to reveal Sarah. Mary and Winifred enter from the closet holding Dani hostage and holding the book. To defend herself, Alison pours a ring of salt around her and the trio of witches take to the skies with Dani to use her as their first sacrifice. Max and Alison and Binx are off to get Dani back. Sarah sings a gentle spell from the skies to summon all the children of Salem to the Sanderson house as additional sources of youth. Sarah returns home, and Winnie is fixing up the potion in their cauldron while Dani is tied to a chair. Max enters the Sanderson house in time to save Dani from consuming the potion, knocks over the cauldron and tells the witches the sun is rising. The sisters fall to floor, but are tricked as the ray of light turns out to be the headlights of the vehicle the rescuers took to get there. The sisters have the opportunity to suck the lives of the children that are approaching their house, but Winnie is determined to have Dani's soul first since she called her 'ugly'. There is just enough of the potion left for one child, so the witches take off after the kids. After losing the witches, Max, Alison, Dani and Binx return to the cemetery where the witches can't set foot on hallowed ground. Dani is protected by a ring of salt as Billy, the zombie, joins them to defend her since he also has a hatred for Winnie. The sisters swoop at them from all angles. Winnie knocks Billy's head off, and Dani carelessly leaves the safety of the salt ring to retrieve it and give it back to him. Winnie captures Dani and is about to force her to drink the potion when Binx rushes up a tree and leaps, knocking the potion from her hand, Max catches the potion and threatens to smash it unless Winnie releases his sister. But Winnie threatens instead to kill Dani if Max does this. The standoff is resolved when Max suddenly drinks the potion, forcing Winnie to take him instead. Winifred frees Dani, claiming that Max is a fool to give up his life for Dani. Winnie then attempts to suck the life out of Max, as Alison, Billy and Dani prevent Mary from helping Winnie by holding on to her flying vacuum's cord. Sarah tries to help Mary, and a tug-of-war ensues, ending when Alison, Dani and Billy release the cord, causing Mary and Sarah to fly off helplessly into the sky. Winnie is knocked off her broom while struggling with Max, and lands on the cemetery's hallowed ground, taking hold of him and sucking his life-force. The sun begins to rise from the horizon of the cemetery, Winnie is stuck between the sun and the hallowed ground, slowly turning to stone. The other two sisters disintegrate from the sunrise and Binx takes his final breath, the curse on him broken. Dani and Max are reunited, and she is touched that he would give up his own life for her. Dani then realizes that Binx is dead and begins to weep over him. But suddenly Thackery's spirit appears to console her, showing her that the curse is lifted and he is free. He thanks her, and Max and Alison, for their heroic fight against the Sanderson sisters. Emily's spirit appears and Thackery is finally reunited with his sister. The film ends with Max, Dani and Alison victorious after the defeat of the Sanderson sisters, and Dani smiling as Thackery and Emily walk away through the cemetery gates. Premise: After the end credits, Max and Dani's parents exit city hall with the other party goers, exhausted from hours of dancing, then cuts to Ice and Jay still hanging from the cages at the Sanderson home, singing 'Row row row your boat'. As the credits approach, the spell book opens its eye. 
 The Hills Have Eyes (2006)431) A traveling family falls victim to a group of mutated cannibals in a desert far away from civilization. While celebrating their 30th wedding anniversary, a couple are traveling through the desert with their 3 children, son in law and their baby granddaughter. While the rest of the family agrees there are plenty of better and more appropriate things to do to celebrate an anniversary, they make do with what they have, but things take a turn after a sketchy gas station attendant informs them about a "short cut" that will take them in between a series of hills in the desert. It doesn't take too long before they realize they're not alone and the hills indeed do have eyes. ahmetkozan Wes Craven produces this remake of his 1977 classic of the same name, about the Carters, an idyllic American family travelling through the great American southwest. But their trip takes a detour into an area closed off from the public, but more importantly from society. An area originally used by the U.S. Government for nuclear testing that was intended to be empty...or so they thought? When the Carter's car breaks down at the old site, they're stranded...or are they? As the Carters may soon realize that what seemed like a car casually breaking down, might actually be a trap. This trap might be perpetrated by the inhabitants of the site who aren't pulling a prank, but are out to set up a gruesome massacre. mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with three men testing for radioactivity in the New Mexico desert. Suddenly a bloody man jumps into one of the men view, begging for help. Pluto, a mutant disfigured by nuclear testing stabs one of the men and violently bangs him on the ground. The other two men are then quickly slaughtered and chained to the back of a car, which is driven away. Ethel Carter (Kathleen Quinlan) and her husband, "Big" Bob Carter (Ted Levine), a retired police detective, are traveling from Cleveland, Ohio to San Diego, California on their silver wedding anniversary. Also present is their daughter Brenda (Emilie de Ravin), son Bobby (Dan Byrd), eldest daughter Lynn (Vinessa Shaw), her husband Doug Bukowski (Aaron Stanford), their baby daughter Catherine (Maisie Camilleri Preziosi), and the German Shepherds, Beauty and Beast. While Big Bob talks to the gas station manager, we see a mutant grab Bobby's red sweatshirt out of the car and run off. Bobby and Brenda head away from the building and Bobby goes into a nearby outhouse. He is urinating when he sees someone watching him through the window. It was the mutant who stole his red sweatshirt from the car. After believing one of the family has seen the contents of the holdall, the attendant tells Bob of a shortcut through the hills which is actually the secret trap. After driving a few miles along the shortcut, the tires are punctured by a hidden spike belt and the truck's wheels burst, causing the truck to crash into a nearby ditch. Bob walks back to the gas station for a tow truck, and Doug walks the opposite way to get help. Meanwhile, the remaining members of the family are being watched by someone through a pair of binoculars. Beauty runs off into the hills and Bobby chases after her, eventually finding her gutted corpse. Frightened and distraught, Bobby runs off, but slips and falls, knocking himself unconscious. A young female mutant named Ruby, who had stolen his sweatshirt, (Laura Ortiz) comes across him and is intrigued by him, while her brother Goggle (Ezra Buzzington) chews over the dead dog. Later, Bob finally makes it to the station and finds the hysterical gas station attendant, who commits suicide by shooting himself in the head. In fear, Bob tries to flee from the scene in a car. But he gets attacked by the mutant leader, Papa Jupiter (Billy Drago), and gets carried off into the mining caves nearby by Jupiter, along with Jupiter's eldest son, Lizard (Robert Joy), and Pluto. When Bobby awakes, he returns to the trailer and does not tell his family of Beauty's demise. Lynn tells him that they tried the CB and heard heavy breathing. Beast breaks free of his chain and runs into the hills where he finds what's left of Beauty. Doug returns from the road he traveled, a dead end which ended in a bomb crater filled with cars, with a fishing pole, a baseball bat, and a teddy bear. Bobby is worried about his father who has not yet returned; Doug promises Bobby they will search for Bob if he does not return by midnight. As they try to sleep, Pluto sneaks into the trailer, finds Brenda, and attempts to rape her. Outside the trailer, Bobby wakes up Lynn and Doug, telling them about the people in the hills, and of Beauty's death. Inside Pluto holds Brenda down and prevents her from screaming. The others are about to discover Pluto when suddenly, an explosion in the distance draws their attention. Discovering that Bob has been tied to a tree and set on fire, Doug runs into the trailer to fetch a fire extinguisher as Lizard slips inside unnoticed. As everyone unknowingly leaves the helpless Brenda alone with the two violent men, Lizard notices Pluto's unsuccessful efforts to rape Brenda. Furious, he throws Pluto off and does it himself. Pluto then sees Catherine in her crib and observes her as Lizard continues to rape Brenda. Doug manages to put out the fire, and unties Bob, already dead, while Lynn returns to the trailer to see why Brenda is screaming and is greeted by Lizard, holding baby Catherine and Big Bob's gun while Pluto is holding Brenda. After Lynn hits him with a frying pan, Lizard disarms her and threatens Catherine with the gun. He forces open Lynn's blouse and sucks the milk from her breasts. Ethel enters with a large flat rock, attempting to pulverize Lizard, but Pluto calls out to warn him. Lizard, spotting her, shoots her in the stomach. Lynn then uses a screwdriver and stabs Lizard, who then shoots her in the head. Pluto and Lizard flee the trailer, holding Brenda and Catherine hostage. When Lizard hears Doug and Bobby approaching, he tries to shoot Brenda, but the gun is out of bullets. He promises Brenda that he will be back for her before fleeing with Pluto, who still has the baby. Doug and Bobby return to the trailer, discover the bodies, and realize that Catherine has been taken. Goggle, the mutant who killed Beauty, watches the trailer through binoculars, but he is attacked and killed by Beast. The next morning, Doug goes off in pursuit of their attackers; Beast leads Doug through a tunnel that contains the graves of miners. Once out of the tunnel, Doug finds an abandoned nuclear testing village and enters the house where Catherine is kept, but is knocked unconscious by Big Mama (Ivana Turchetto), who he thought was busy watching television. He then awakes in an icebox where the mutants keep the bodies of their victims. He panics and bangs on the plastic cover, eventually knocking it loose. He returns to his task of finding Catherine, only to encounter Big Brain (Desmond Askew), who tells him the story of the mutants, who were mutated by the fallout from the nuclear tests, and then getting attacked by Pluto who breaks through a door. After a fierce struggle, during which Doug loses the ring finger and pinkie on his left hand, he is able to trick him by pretending to cry. Pluto laughs and gets momentarily distracted, giving Doug time to slam a screwdriver through his foot and the floor, pinning him down. He then takes a small American flag and shoves it through the back of Pluto's throat, and finally finishes him by slamming the blade of his own axe into his head. Doug then surprises the mutant Cyst (Gregory Nicotero) outside the house and uses Pluto's axe to kill him, chopping his knee open and knocking him over the hood of a car, where he is axed in the back and is finally killed when Doug swings the pick end into his eye. Doug takes his shotgun and heads off. Big Brain tells Lizard to kill Catherine, but is killed by Beast. Lizard takes a cleaver and prepares to kill Catherine, but finds that instead of Catherine, it is a pig. Ruby has taken Catherine and run into the hills. Lizard knows this and begins to chase her, enraged by her deceit. Doug sees Ruby on the hill and chases her as well. At the trailer, Ethel's body is stolen and dragged into the hills, and Bobby finds Papa Jupiter eating Ethel's heart. Jupiter pursues Bobby to the trailer, where Brenda releases gas from the propane tanks as Bobby runs inside, attaching a strip of matches to the sliding door behind him. Bobby binds Papa Jupiter's hand to the window. After he and Brenda escape, Jupiter breaks free of the bungee cord, and opens the sliding door, which strikes the matches and ignites the gas inside the trailer, causing it to explode. In the hills, Ruby is about to return Catherine to Doug when Lizard attacks. Doug beats and then shoots Lizard in the chest, neck, and finally the shoulder. Ruby gives Catherine back to Doug, who does not notice Lizard stand up, having survived. Ruby throws herself at Lizard, plunging them over a cliff, stopping Lizard from shooting Doug and Catherine and sacrificing herself in the process. Bobby and Brenda walk through the ruins of their trailer and find Papa Jupiter still alive, though impaled. Brenda kills Papa Jupiter with a pickax to the head. Brenda then spots Doug with Catherine and Beast, and the four are reunited. As they celebrate their apparent victory, a pair of anonymous binoculars watches from the hills. (Source: Wikipedia) 
 3:10 to Yuma (2007)541) A small-time rancher agrees to hold a captured outlaw who's awaiting a train to go to court in Yuma. A battle of wills ensues as the outlaw tries to psych out the rancher. Rancher Dan Evans heads into Bisbee to clear up issues concerning the sale of his land when he witnesses the closing events of a stagecoach robbery led by famed outlaw Ben Wade. Shortly thereafter, Wade is captured by the law in Bisbee and Evans finds himself one of the escorts who will take Wade to the 3:10 to Yuma train in Contention for the reward of $200. Evans' effort to take Wade to the station is in part an effort to save his land but also part of an inner battle to determine whether he can be more than just a naive rancher in the eyes of his impetuous and gun slinging son William Evans. The transport to Contention is hazardous and filled with ambushes by Indians, pursuits by Wade's vengeful gang and Wade's own conniving and surreptitious demeanor that makes the ride all the more intense. Mal enor Struggling to eke out a living in the dry and rugged landscapes of Arizona, the Civil War veteran and penniless cattle rancher, Dan Evans, decides not to miss his window of opportunity to redeem himself in the eyes of his son, William, when the infamous outlaw, Ben Wade, is finally captured. As a result, for $200, Dan volunteers to escort Wade to Contention City along with an angry posse of railroad men, where he'll board the 3:10 train to Yuma Prison. Perhaps, now, Evans can salvage what's left of his ramshackle farm; however, the trek to the station is long and treacherous, as marauding Apaches and Wade's dauntless gang of cut-throats are hot on their trail. Will Ben Wade, the artful manipulator, live to see the dawn? Nick Riganas The rancher Daniel Evans, who lost part of his leg in the Civil War, is broken and owing a large amount to a powerful man in Bisbee. When the outlaw Ben Wade is captured after the heist of a stagecoach, Dan offers to escort the cold blood killer to the city of Contention to take the 3:10 PM train to Yuma to be sent to trial. In return, he would receive US$ 200,00, enough to save his land and give a better life to his family. During their journey, Ben gets closer to Dan while his gang of criminals follows the group to rescue their boss. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The legendary outlaw, Ben Wade (Russell Crowe) and his gang have just robbed an armed stage coach carrying the Southern Pacific Railroads payroll. They kill everyone on-board except Pinkerton guard, Byron McElroy (Peter Fonda) whom Charlie Prince (Ben Foster), Wade's right hand man, shoots in the belly. A poor rancher Dan Evans (Christian Bale) and his two sons, William (Logan Lerman) and Mark (Benjamin Petry), find McElroy and take him to Bisbee, Arizona to find a doctor. Ben Wade separates from his gang and goes to meet with lovely Emma Nelson (Vinessa Shaw) in a nearby saloon, but learning of his presence in town, the sheriff immediately surrounds the building. Dan distracts Ben Wade, who is captured without a shot being fired. Railroad representative Grayson Butterfield (Dallas Roberts) asks for paid volunteers to join McElroy's posse to take Wade to the train station in the town of Contention three days away. The train is due at 3:10, and they must put Wade on the train's prison car bound for Yuma. Once Wade arrives in Yuma, he will receive a quick trial in Federal Court and be hanged. Dan Evans, desperately needing money to save his farm, agrees to help transport Wade to Contention but he must be paid $200. The other paid volunteers who join the posse are Tucker (Kevin Durand) and Doc Potter (Alan Tudyk), the town's veterinarian. Unfortunately for the posse, Charlie Prince sees what has happened to Wade, and he goes after the rest of the gang to help liberate Wade. Despite a deception to fool the gang, the odds move in their favour, and in the end it's Dan's desire to impress his sons that means getting him on the train becomes a personal battle of wills. In a hotel in Contention City, where the remains of the posse hide out, Wade continues to bargain for his freedom. Despite very tempting offers, Evans ignores his pleas. Wade's gang rides into town, and, after locating their boss, recruit as many of the townspeople as possible with an offer of $200 for the successful killing of any member of Evans' posse. The sheriff and his men, previously offering help to Evans, decide to surrender. They are gunned down, and Butterfield, terrified, offers Evans the $200 to just walk away. Evans, realizing the parallels between his current situation and the one in which the government paid for his leg lost in the Civil War, says, "It's funny, if you think about it - which I have been lately - is...they weren't paying me to walk away. They were paying me so they could walk away." Butterfield promises to see Evans' son home, but Evans want Butterfield to promise more than that. Butterfield is convinced to pay off Evans' debts, make sure his water flows, and that he will give $1000 dollars to his wife on Butterfield's return. Butterfield agrees, and he and William hold up in a room down the hall. When the time for action, Evans brings Wade outside and they run for the station. Wade's gang pursues them relentlessly, and they barely make it to the station in one piece. At the very moment that the protagonist Dan Evans is putting Ben Wade onto the prison train, Wade's gang shoots the rancher to death. Ben Wade takes his gun from his right-hand man Charlie Prince and, in an act of vengeance for the rancher who had earned his respect, murders every man of his gang. Ben Wade boards the prison train as a final act of symbolic tribute to the rancher who died getting him there, and whistles for his horse as the train drives into the distance. 