nm0005515:

 X-Men: Apocalypse (2016)761) In the 1980s the X-Men must defeat an ancient all-powerful mutant, En Sabah Nur, who intends to thrive through bringing destruction to the world. Since the dawn of civilization, he was worshiped as a god. Apocalypse, the first and most powerful mutant from Marvel's X-Men universe, amassed the powers of many other mutants, becoming immortal and invincible. Upon awakening after thousands of years, he is disillusioned with the world as he finds it and recruits a team of powerful mutants, including a disheartened Magneto, to cleanse mankind and create a new world order, over which he will reign. As the fate of the Earth hangs in the balance, Raven with the help of Professor X must lead a team of young X-Men to stop their greatest nemesis and save mankind from complete destruction. 20th Century Fox When the first mutant En Sabah Nur, who was worshiped as a god In Egypt, awakes in the present days, he learns how the world has been transformed in his absence. He decides to bring the Apocalypse to the world and recruits four powerful mutants to assist him in the destruction of the weak. Now the only chance to save the world depends on Professor Charles Xavier and a team of young mutants. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Since the dawn of existence, there has been an ancient being named En Sabah Nur who is believed by many to be the world's very first mutant. Awakened in 1983 after thousands of years in a deep slumber, he plans to rule the world and wipe out mankind with help from four new recruits (Storm, Psylocke, Angel and Magneto). With the fate of the world in uncertainty, Professor Xavier along with Raven, Hank and old ally Moira McTaggert, must lead a new generation of X-Men to fight the deadliest enemy they've ever faced. Blazer346 In 3600 BCE the mutant En Sabah Nur rules ancient Egypt until he is entombed alive. After being resurrected in 1983, he believes humanity has lost its way. Aiming to destroy and remake the world with the help of four evil followers, he recruits Ororo Munroe and upgrades her power. In East Berlin shape-shifting mutant Raven discovers Kurt Wagner, while En Sabah Nur recruits Psylocke and Angel, and enhances both of their powers. Can Professor Charles Xavier's students defeat Apocalypse and save the world from destruction? After the catastrophic events in X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014) , and with humanity still divided on whether the super-humans among us pose a threat or not, the all-powerful En Sabah Nur--or Apocalypse, the world's first mutant--awakens from the depths of an era where gods walked among the mortals. Disenchanted with the modern early-1980s world, Apocalypse enlists the help of the mighty mutants--Angel, Ororo Munroe, Psylocke, and a pained Magneto--to destroy our corrupt Earth, and from the ashes, witness the rise of a new world order. Now, with so much at stake, the shape-shifting Mystique and Professor Charles Xavier's loyal team of defenders are mankind's last hope. Will the X-Men live to fight another day? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nile Valley, 3,600 B.C. The people of Egypt are bowing down and chanting the name of En Sabah Nur (the ancient Egyptian language for 'Apocalypse'), a powerful being. He is brought into his pyramid by his Four Horsemen - Pestilence (Warren Scherer), Famine (Rochelle Okoye), Death (Monique Ganderton), and War (Fraser Aitcheson). They are set to begin a process to transfer En Sabah Nur's consciousness into the body of a younger successor (Oscar Isaac). As the sun hits the top of the pyramid, the process begins. Outside, the citizens of Egypt turn on their leader and send massive pillars sliding down into the pyramid to kill En Sabah Nur and the Horsemen. The Horsemen fight back against the other Egyptians as the pillars begin to destroy the pyramid. Death manages to form a protective shield on the successor before she and everyone else is crushed. The process is complete, but En Sabah Nur remains trapped beneath the rubble. We jump to Ohio in the year 1983. A high school classroom is discussing the events of 10 years earlier when Erik Lensherr/Magneto (Michael Fassbender) attacked the peace summit in Paris, and Raven Darkholme/Mystique (Jennifer Lawrence) stopped him. One student, Scott Summers (Tye Sheridan), complains that his eyes are hurting. A classmate mistakes it as him winking at his girlfriend. The teacher tells Scott to report to the principal's office but he retreats to the bathroom and hides in a stall. The classmate enters and threatens to beat him. Scott then opens his eyes and releases a powerful blast that knocks the other kid against the wall and causes significant damage to the walls and ceiling. In West Berlin, a bunch of people are gathered in a secret location to witness the mutant Angel (Ben Hardy) fighting a large fat mutant (possibly Blob). After taking him out, Angel prepares for his next challenger. Some men bring in the challenger locked inside a box. He is Kurt Wagner/Nightcrawler (Kodi Smit-McPhee). Nightcrawler is able to teleport as far as he can see, but within the cage where they fight is an electrical lining that prevents him from escaping. Meanwhile, Raven has made it in and she increases the voltage in the cage. Nightcrawler manages to take Angel down and pin him against the cage, frying Angel's wings. With Raven's help, Nightcrawler escapes the place. Lensherr now lives in Poland under the name Henryk Gorzky. He works at a metal foundry and has a wife, Magda (Carolina Bartczak), and a daughter, Nina (T.J. McGibbon). Erik tells Nina a bedtime story that he heard from his parents. She asks him what happened to them, and Erik explains how his parents were taken from him. Scott's brother Alex/Havok (Lucas Till) takes him to Xavier's School For Gifted Youngsters with bandages over his eyes to prevent another incident. Scott meets Hank McCoy/Beast (Nicholas Hoult), who is now a teacher, and then bumps into Jean Grey (Sophie Turner), a telepathic mutant. Alex brings Scott to Charles Xavier (James McAvoy). Scott removes his bandages to hit a target, but he ends up splitting a tree that Charles's grandfather planted. Highly impressed, Charles says Scott is enrolled. Meanwhile, Raven brings Nightcrawler to a location where a mutant named Caliban (Tomas Lemarquis) is helping other mutants create fake IDs and passports. Nightcrawler gets his picture taken so that Raven can take him to the U.S. In Egypt, an archeologist named Moira MacTaggert (Rose Byrne) discovers a hidden underground chamber that leads to the resting place of En Sabah Nur. A group of his followers recite a chant that revives him in his fully powered Apocalypse form. The followers are buried by the ensuing explosion, while Moira manages to get out. The explosion triggers an earthquake that can be felt throughout most of the continent and in Europe, including in Erik's workplace, where a large vat of molten metal falls and nearly crushes a man but Erik manages to manipulate it to save the man. At night, the students at school feel that something is wrong. Charles tells them all to stay in their rooms. He goes into Jean's room where he finds she's trembling and moaning. Charles looks inside her head and sees what she is dreaming of: she sees visions of chaos and destruction. Jean awakens and claims she saw the end of the world. She fears her powers, but Charles assures her that her power is great. Back in Egypt, Ororo Monroe/Storm (Alexandra Shipp) uses her power of weather manipulation to create a brief sandstorm that allows her to rob two men. They chase after her, which Apocalypse sees after witnessing her power. He follows the men as they prepare to cut off her hand. Using his own power, Apocalypse decapitates three other men with sand, while he traps the last man within a nearby wall. Elsewhere, Erik tells Magda that they need to leave after feeling he has been exposed. They call for Nina, but she is not in her room or in the yard. Erik hears a noise in the woods, which he and Magda follow. Nina is being held by an officer leading a group of other officers. They confront Erik regarding the incident at the factory, as well as his attack on the White House a decade earlier. He confesses to it and pleads for Nina to be let go. She is released and goes back to her mother. Erik joins the other officers, but Nina yells at the men to not take her father away. The sound of her voice (she's a mutant) causes the birds flying up above to attack the officers. One officer with a bow and arrow accidentally releases it, impaling both Nina and Magda. Erik runs to his family and cries. He takes off Nina's necklace and uses as a high-powered projectile to kill all the men. Charles and Hank go to Cerebro to find out what happened with the earthquake. He locates Moira in Egypt, clearly still in love with her. Charles and Alex take a trip to Langley at the CIA headquarters to visit Moira. She doesn't remember knowing Charles since he wiped her memories, but she still knows who he is. Moira explains that she was investigating En Sabah Nur's whereabouts and history, going into detail about his motives and followers, the Horsemen, and how he would give them special powers to aid him in destroying whatever they wanted. Ororo then brings Apocalypse to her home. She has a poster of Mystique, whom she considers to be her hero. Apocalypse places his hand on the TV to catch himself up on the last few thousands of years. Based on what he's seen, he determines that man has lost his way, and the world must be cleansed in order to be saved. He places his hand on Ororo and gives her powers added strength. Raven brings Nightcrawler to the school. He meets Jubilee (Lana Condor), Jean, and Scott (who now has red-tinted crystal eyeglasses that help him see without hurting anyone). They decide to hang out at the mall and watch "Return of the Jedi." Apocalypse and Storm then go to Caliban's facility to look for more powerful mutants. Caliban draws his gun on Apocalypse, but he turns it and the bullets to dust. As they step closer, Caliban is defended by Psylocke (Olivia Munn), a mutant with her own metal sword and a psychic katana. Clearly impressed, Apocalypse gives her an upgraded power. Psylocke leads Apocalypse and Storm to their next recruit. They find Angel in an abandoned building, where he is drinking and blasting Metallica, clearly not the same fighter he was before. Apocalypse turns his wings into metal with bladed feathers. Peter Maximoff/Quicksilver (Evan Peters) is watching a news report on Magneto. His mother comes downstairs and he pretends to have been playing the video game Mrs. Pac-Man. She knows what he was really watching and why he was watching it. Erik returns to the factory to confront his co-workers since they spoke to the police. He prepares to kill them all until Apocalypse, Storm, Psylocke, and Angel emerge. Apocalypse sinks the men beneath the ground and brings Erik to Auschwitz where he first used his powers and where he lost his family. Apocalypse encourages him to manipulate the metal in the earth, and to use his anger to fuel his energy. Erik begins to destroy the other buildings around him as Apocalypse vows to build a better world. Charles brings Raven, Hank, Alex, and Moira down to Cerebro to locate Erik. Charles finds him as Magneto once again, now having joined Apocalypse and the Horsemen. As Magneto speaks to Charles, Apocalypse sees the opportunity to link his mind to Charles's, which also lets him get into Cerebro and connect to anyone he wants. Apocalypse manipulates officials around the globe to launch all of their nukes into space so that no one, human or mutant, can stop him. Charles is overwhelmed by Apocalypse's power. He orders Alex to destroy Cerebro, which he does. The others pull Charles out of the room, only to encounter Apocalypse and the Horsemen appearing before them. Magneto pulls Charles in his chair and takes him. Alex releases a blast that causes a powerful explosion. Outside, Quicksilver arrives in time to do a power run through the school and evacuate everyone before the entire school is destroyed. However, he failed to save Alex, which Scott finds out about just as he and his friends return. He breaks down at the revelation. A chopper then descends to the ground. Moira approaches them, thinking they are part of another agency, until the leader steps out and removes his mask. It's William Stryker (Josh Helman). His men fire a sonic blast that incapacitates everyone, except for Scott, Jean, and Nightcrawler. Jean manages to keep them hidden by manipulating the mind of one of Stryker's men. Stryker captures Raven, Moira, Hank, and Peter. Nightcrawler teleports himself, Scott, and Jean into their chopper, but he cannot get anyone out because of the electrical lining within. Stryker takes everyone to his facility and traps Moira and the mutants in a room. Hank has re-mutated to Beast since he left his meds at home. Scott, Jean, and Nightcrawler sneak by the guards until they are spotted, forcing Nightcrawler to teleport them again. Simultaneously, Apocalypse brings Charles and the Horsemen to his old home and uses Charles to send a message to everyone on the planet, but Charles manages to get a hidden message to Jean to help her. In the cell, Peter admits to Raven that Magneto is his father, and he was hoping to be able to tell him. The three then come across a room with a chamber that has something locked up, angry and growling. As the guards approach, Jean opens the chamber, unleashing Weapon X ...aka WOLVERINE (Hugh Jackman). He gets his metal claws out and slaughters all the guards until he reaches an exit. Jean stops Wolverine and gently removes his brainwashing mechanism. She taps into his mind and gives him back the memories she could reach. Without a word, Wolverine retreats outside. The three then reach the cell, and Scott blasts the cell door open to release Moira and the mutants. Apocalypse destroys part of Egypt to recreate his own pyramid, and then gets Magneto to manipulate the magnetic poles to cause global destruction. Apocalypse then tells Charles he has the most important role in his plan. He wants to transfer his consciousness into Charles so that he can control everyone on the planet. Moira and the mutants fly toward Cairo to rescue Charles and defeat Apocalypse. Raven tells the others about her old team, and how she and Hank are the only ones left. Jean tells Raven she's a hero, but she doesn't see herself that way. The team reaches Cairo for the showdown. Beast and the young trio prepare for battle while Quicksilver and Raven (morphing into her natural Mystique form) head toward Magneto. She urges the trio to not hold back on their powers. Mystique and Quicksilver reach Magneto in the middle of his destruction, trying to convince him to fight for the good, with Mystique assuring him he has more family than he realizes. Quicksilver is about to tell Magneto of their relation, but he holds it back. Storm, Angel, and Psylocke come down and fight. Storm hurls lightning toward Scott, which he deflects with his beams. Psylocke uses her blades against Beast. Angel goes for a rematch with Nightcrawler. Nightcrawler traps Angel and heads into the pyramid to get Charles out in the middle of the transfer process. They and the other heroes make it back into their jet, but Angel and Psylocke reach them and try to break in. Nightcrawler gets everyone out of the jet as it crashes to the ground, killing Angel while Psylocke jumps to safety. An infuriated Apocalypse catches Quicksilver as he uses his super-speed to get some punches in, but Apocalypse traps his foot in the ground and breaks his leg. He orders Psylocke to execute him. Psylocke uses her katana to slash Apocalypse's throat. He grabs her by the neck, revealing Mystique in disguise. Storm watches as Apocalypse is killing her hero. The others are in a building for safety. Charles realizes he is still connected to Apocalypse and decides to fight him in their shared consciousness. Charles initially appears to have the upper hand, but Apocalypse overpowers him and starts trying to kill him. Magneto then turns on Apocalypse after realizing what side he's meant to fight on. As he holds Apocalypse off, Charles reaches Jean and gets her to tap into the fight with her mind. She manages to unleash her full Phoenix Force power to overwhelm Apocalypse. As he weakens, he tries to escape, but Storm uses her lightning to prevent him for leaving. Apocalypse's form deteriorates until he is finally disintegrated. After the battle, Psylocke quietly walks away. The team returns home. Erik and Jean help rebuild the school to its original form. Ororo asks Peter if he'll tell Erik he is Erik's son. He says he will eventually. He and Ororo decide to stick around. Although Charles asks Erik to stay, he chooses to leave, but he remains friends with Charles. Charles then goes to the Danger Room where Mystique is about to train Scott (now Cyclops), Jean, Storm, Quicksilver, and Nightcrawler into becoming true X-Men. A simulation then begins in which the students must battle Sentinels. After the end credits, a team of agents are at Stryker's facility. One man takes a sample of Wolverine's blood and puts it in a briefcase... which belongs to the Essex Corporation. 
 Get Him to the Greek (2010)321) A record company intern is hired to accompany out-of-control British rock star Aldous Snow to a concert at L.A.'s Greek Theater. English rock star Aldous Snow relapses into drugs and booze after a break up and a disastrous record. In L.A., Aaron Green works for a record company stuck in recession. Aaron's boss gives him a career making task - to bring Aldous from London to L.A. for a concert in 72 hours. That day, Aaron's girlfriend Daphne tells him she wants to finish her medical residency in Seattle. Aaron's sure this ends their relationship. In London, things aren't much better: Aldous delays their departure several times, plies Aaron with vices, and alternates between bad behavior and trenchant observations. Can Aaron moderate Aldous's substance abuse and get him to the Greek? What about Daphne? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rock star Aldous Snow (Russell Brand) releases an album and an accompanying single "African Child". The song and music video flops, is banned and called "the worst thing to happen to Africa since the apartheid" by NME. His girlfriend, Jackie Q (Rose Byrne), takes custody of their son, Naples, and leaves him; as a result, Aldous hits rock bottom by drinking and doing drugs excessively once again. Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, Aaron Green (Jonah Hill) is a driven, idealistic young college graduate who works as a low-level talent scout at Pinnacle Records. He lives with his girlfriend, Daphne (Elisabeth Moss), a doctor in her internship, but they do not get to see each other often due to her heavy work schedule. Pinnacle Records has lost a lot of money, so the head of the company, Sergio Roma (Sean "Diddy" Combs), asks for ideas. Green proposes to have Aldous Snow play at the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles for the tenth anniversary of a particularly famous performance there. One month later, he sends Aaron to London to retrieve Aldous. Before leaving, Aaron visits sleep-deprived Daphne at her hospital to tell her that he'll be gone for a few days. She informs Aaron that she received a job offer at a hospital in Seattle, where she will have a less hectic work schedule. Aaron doesn't appreciate her insisting that they move to Seattle and leave their current jobs behind, and an argument ensues and leads to an implied break-up. After retrieving Aldous from his apartment, Aaron tries desperately to control Aldous' rambunctious behavior, which causes them to miss several flights. They bar-hop across the city for several hours, leaving a trail of women and alcohol in their wake. Daphne calls him to apologize for the fight, but Aaron already believes that they had broken up. Throughout this partying, buttons on Aaron's cell phone (placed in his pocket) accidentally call his girlfriend, and his girlfriend overhears him partying with other women. Once the two have made it to New York, they proceed to Aldous' Welcome Back performance on Today. Aaron receives word from Sergio to keep Aldous sober for his performance, and Aaron consumes all of Aldous' alcohol and marijuana on the way to the program. Minutes before the performance, Aldous realizes that he is unable to remember the lyrics to his favorite song, "African Child", shortly after Aaron had admitted to "African Child" being his least favorite Infant Sorrow song. Placing resentment and blame on Aaron, he sends him on a frenzy of drunk desperation in search of the lyrics. Aaron is unable to complete this task, and after the first few bars of "African Child", Aldous stops his band, and plays one of his older hits called "The Clap" to cheers and excitement from the audience. Aaron had also mentioned earlier that "The Clap" is his personal favorite. While preparing to fly to Los Angeles, Aldous forces Aaron to smuggle heroin in his anus. During their travels and time in London and New York, Aaron learns that Aldous has become miserable and lonely, as he misses his son and has not seen any signs of genuine love from his own dad in years. Aaron shares his relationship troubles, and Aldous encourages him to enjoy his time in Los Angeles. Giving advice to Aldous, Aaron suggests he visits Jackie Q and his father and so the two make a stop in Las Vegas the night prior to the show to see Aldous's father. Sergio also arrives, wanting to help oversee the final proceedings. Sergio hooks up Aaron with a ditzy, sexually rambunctious girl named Destiny (Carla Gallo), who takes him to a room, shows him her pubic hair and rapes him. During this, his phone against accidentally calls his Daphne and she hears an out-of-context sample of what is going on. After Aaron tells Aldous that he has been raped, the other men laugh it off, and they encourage him to smoke a "Geoffrey", a joint which is eventually described as "a Neapolitan of drugs". Upon being told about the extra ingredients in the Geoffrey, Aaron panics and starts believing he is having a heart attack (he is actually just having a bad trip). Aldous' father repeatedly says that it is a heart attack, making the trip worse, whilst Aldous repeatedly attempts to calm Aaron down by telling him "to stroke the furry wall". Aldous has a fight with his father; Sergio jumps in the fight (also high on Geoffrey), and their tussle ends up setting the hotel room on fire. Aldous attempts to help Aaron with an adrenaline shot to the heart and they run out of the hotel, chased by Sergio who is then hit by a car. Aldous and Aaron are driven to Los Angeles, where Snow visits Jackie Q. She has been sleeping with Metallica's drummer, Lars Ulrich (playing himself) - and is apparently engaged to him, and confesses to Aldous that Naples is not actually his biological son. This depresses him even further. Meanwhile, Aaron goes to his home to apologize to Daphne. The are interrupted when Aldous Snow comes to their house and becomes involved in the conversation. Snow proposes that he, Aaron, and Daphne engage in a threesome because Aaron had been with other women during his time with Aldous Snow. During the threesome, resentful Aaron angrily decides to kiss Aldous, eventually ending the threesome. Daphne feels horrible about the threesome, and storms out of the room. Aaron angrily tells Aldous to go, and criticizes Aldous' overall mental state. Instead of preparing for his show, Aldous goes to the rooftop of the Standard Hotel in Downtown Los Angeles, and calls Aaron, threatening to jump. Aaron rushes to the hotel rooftop pool in an attempt to coax Aldous down from the roof. Aldous attempts to jump down to the pool instead of killing himself, and accidentally shatters his arm against the poolside. Aldous tells Aaron that he is lonely and feels unconnected to people. Aaron tells Aldous that he is trying too hard, and that thousands of fans love him and are waiting just to see his face. Aldous, inspired by Aaron's words, decides to go and perform at the Greek theatre. Aaron tries to take him to the hospital, but Aldous insists on making it to his performance at the Greek. Upon his arrival, Sergio attempts to offer Aaron drugs to give to Aldous to ease the pain he is in. Aaron angrily refuses and quits his job on the spot. He walks stage-side with Aldous, trying to convince him one last time to go to the hospital instead. However, Aaron sees how happy Aldous is performing and allows him to continue while he himself goes home and reconciles with his girlfriend. Months later in Seattle (where Aaron and his girlfriend have moved), a healthier and sober Aldous Snow has returned to fame with a single produced by Aaron based on events from their night in Las Vegas, performing on the VH1 Storytellers program. 
 Zombieland (2009)541) A shy student trying to reach his family in Ohio, a gun-toting bruiser in search of the last Twinkie and a pair of sisters striving to get to an amusement park join forces in a trek across a zombie-filled America. Searching for family. In the early twenty-first century, zombies have taken over America. A shy and college student in Texas has survived by following his 30 rules: like "look in the back seat," "double-tap," "avoid public restrooms." He decides to travel to Ohio to see if his parents are alive. He gets a ride with a savage, brutal zombie-killer headed for Florida, and soon they confront a young woman whose sister has been bitten by a zombie and wants to be put out of her suffering. The sisters were headed to an LA park with atractions they've heard is without a zombie. <jhailey@hotmail.com> With America infested with hordes of decomposing zombies from end to end, one of the few zombie-apocalypse survivors, Columbus, manages, somehow, to live to fight another day, while on his way to Ohio to check in on his family. Surrounded by mayhem and destruction, Columbus joins forces with the no-nonsense pro survivalist, Tallahassee, bent on continuing the dangerous road trip through Armageddon. However--as the band of zombie hunters is joined by the stranded girls, Wichita, and her younger sister, Little Rock--an unexpected change of plans will lead them to the last unspoilt place: the Pacific Playland amusement park in Los Angeles. Could the rumours be true, or is the odd team heading toward its demise? Nick Riganas The horror comedy Zombieland focuses on two men who have found a way to survive a world ruled by zombies. Columbus is a big wuss -- but when you're afraid of being eaten by zombies, fear can keep you alive. Tallahassee is an AK-toting, zombie-slaying' bad ass whose single determination is to get the last Twinkie on earth. As they join forces with Wichita and Little Rock, who have also found unique ways to survive the zombie mayhem, they will have to determine which is worse: relying on each other or succumbing to the zombies. Columbia Pictures Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Earth's population has been decimated by a virus, related to the mad cow disease, that turns everyone into flesh-craving zombies. Only a handful of humans remain, including Columbus ( Jesse Eisenberg ), a student at the University of Texas trying to make his way to his home town of Columbus, OH, where he hopes his parents are still alive. Columbus has long been an outsider and somewhat phobic, which he uses to his advantage in avoiding zombies. In fact, zombies are not his greatest fear: clowns are. While walking down the highway, he encounters Tallahassee ( Woody Harrelson ), driving a huge Cadillac Escalade with a large number 3 painted on the side. He is trying to get to Florida and kill as many zombies as he can on the way, and he is also on a quest to find a Twinkie. After a tense stand off, Tallahassee agrees to give Columbus a ride as far as Texarkana. When they stop at a grocery store in hopes of finding Tallahassee's coveted Twinkies, they fight off three zombies then find two teenage girls, Wichita ( Emma Stone ) and her younger sister, Little Rock ( Abigail Breslin ) in the store room. Little Rock has been bitten and asks them to kill her. Columbus gives Wichita his shotgun, which she then uses to rob Tallahassee and Columbus of their remaining weapons and the Escalade. Little Rock is fine, and she drives away with Wichita. Wichita and Little Rock have been on their own since before the zombie holocaust, using Wichita's good looks to swindle money so they could travel to Los Angeles. Columbus and Tallahassee find a Hummer with a duffel bag full of guns. They drive west because Tallahassee wants to get revenge on Wichita and Little Rock. They eventually find the Escalade broken down. Tallahassee goes to investigate and tells Columbus to stay down the road in case of trouble. He goes to the Escalade and finds that it is empty. He gives a signal for Columbus to drive down and pick him up, and as he gets in, the girls pop out from the backseat. After a standoff, they agree to travel together. Wichita and Little Rock hope to make it to an amusement park near Los Angeles that is rumored to be zombie-free. Wichita confides to Columbus that she knows the rumor is bogus but she will do anything for Little Rock. Columbus then says he needs to go his own way, in hopes of finding his family. As he is about to leave, he decides against it and stays. When they arrive in Hollywood, they dodge zombies and use a map of stars' homes to find Bill Murray ( Bill Murray )'s residence. Aghast that Little Rock has no idea who Bill Murray is, Columbus takes her to Murray's private screening room to watch Ghostbusters, and also to inquire if Wichita has a boyfriend. Tallahassee and Wichita continue to look around and come upon a very much alive Bill Murray. He has managed to survive by disguising himself as a zombie, which allows him to to roam the city freely because zombies won't attack their own kind. After play acting scenes from Ghostbusters, they decide to scare Columbus as a joke. Caught off-guard, Columbus shoots and kills Murray. During a game of Monopoly, Tallahassee breaks down and reveals that he lost his young son, Buck, to the zombies. While he and Little Rock take out their pain by shooting fine art, Columbus and Wichita get drunk. They almost kiss but are interrupted by Tallahassee. The next morning, Wichita and Little Rock leave, afraid that any further bonds will break their sisterly bond. They go the amusement park. Believing it is deserted, they turn on the all the power and everything in the park turns on and lights up. However, the noise and lights attracts zombies from the surrounding area. The girls manage to get to temporary safety atop one of the rides. Columbus announces he is going after Wichita and Little Rock. Tallahassee plans to go to Mexico but agrees to save the girls with Columbus. They get to the amusement park and see that zombies have trapped Wichita and Little Rock atop the ride. While Tallahassee runs throughout the park to distract and kill as many zombies as he can, Columbus faces and dispatches the ultimate fear: a zombie clown. He then helps Wichita and Little Rock down off the tower. Wichita embraces Columbus and tells him her real name. (Krysta) Columbus goes looking for Tallahassee and finds him in a restaurant looking for Twinkies. They hear a noise in the closet and Tallahassee fires at the door. As they open the door, they discover he has shot the box of Twinkies and none of them survived the blast. They leave the restaurant and the girls show up in a Hummer, and Little rock throws Tallahassee a Twinkie she found. He eats it within seconds. The four of them realize they have made a new family and drive off looking for a new home. 
 Triple Frontier (2019)431) Loyalties are tested when five friends and former special forces operatives reunite to take down a South American drug lord, unleashing a chain of unintended consequences. Five former Special Forces operatives reunite to plan a heist in a sparsely populated multi-border zone of South America. For the first time in their prestigious careers these unsung heroes undertake this dangerous mission for self instead of country. But when events take an unexpected turn and threaten to spiral out of control, their skills, their loyalties and their morals are pushed to a breaking point in an epic battle for survival. Netflix Five ex special forces soldiers turn a police operation plan into their own and rob a cocaine cartel boss of all his cash $$$ at his house in the Amazon jungle at the triple borders - Peru, Brazil and Colombia. Problems arise after the plan's initiated. Scott Filtenborg Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Santiago "Pope" Garcia works as a private military adviser in Colombia combating drug crime. While there, an informant named Yovanna asks for his help with smuggling her and her brother out of the country in exchange for information on the whereabouts of a drug lord named Lorea. Yovanna tells Pope that Lorea lives in a safe house in the jungle along with all his cash. Pope travels home to the States to recruit his old Delta Force friends to seize the money under the pretense of working for the Colombian government: Tom "Redfly" Davis, a realtor; William "Ironhead" Miller, a motivational speaker; his brother Ben Miller, a mixed martial arts fighter; and Francisco "Catfish" Morales, a former pilot. With persuasion from Pope, they decide to steal the money for themselves. The group, wanting to minimize casualties, plans to move on the house while Lorea's family is at church. They quietly subdue the guards but cannot find Lorea or the money. Pope realises that the money is in the walls, and the team finds that there is far more than they expected and rush to get as much as possible before Lorea's family and guards return. Redfly becomes consumed by the money and demands the crew continue loading it past the hard stop that he himself set until they convince him that they are out of time. With the money safely loaded in the truck, they make one last sweep for Lorea; he ambushes them and wounds Ironhead, before being killed by Pope. As the crew tends to Ironhead's wounds, and now several minutes past their getaway time, some guards return. The crew take them out, burn down the house, and escape in the van, driving by Lorea's family, who are returning from church. They meet up with Yovanna and her brother with $250 million in the van, and then rendezvous with Ironhead's old friend who provides them a private Mi-8MTV-1 transport helicopter to reach their getaway boat that would allow them to escape from South America. Catfish is skeptical that the helicopter can hold the weight of all the money at high altitudes as they have to fly over the Andes Mountains to make it to the meeting point. Unwilling to leave behind any of the money, Redfly urges Catfish to proceed. The crew takes off with the money in a net bag attached under the helicopter. They transport Yovanna into Peru with her brother. Redfly aggressively questions her knowledge of them, knowing she could link them to the robbery. Before leaving, Pope leaves Yovanna and her brother with a share of the stolen money and visas to Sydney, Australia, and urges them to leave South America as soon as possible to avoid being caught by the gangsters. As the group takes off, an unsatisfied Redfly claims that Yovanna was lying to him but Pope talks him down. Fixated on the money, Redfly becomes more and more willing to break his own rules and do whatever is necessary to escape with the money. As planned, the crew begin flying over the Andes Mountains. However as they are reaching the helicopter's maximum ceiling, one of the helicopter's gearboxes is overwhelmed and damaged due to the cargo load exceeding the maximum weight, causing their helicopter to enter a rapid descent. Unable to recover, Catfish urges the team to release the money bag to allow for a safe crash landing, which the group survives. Redfly and Pope attempt to retrieve the ditched money bag, which landed in a cocaine farm field village, by negotiating with the local farmers and villagers. Their attempts to peacefully retrieve the money fails due to a heated confrontation arising as the farmers mistake the group for DEA agents and view them as hostile upon noticing Catfish and Ben in the distance. When one of the angry farmers approaches with a machete, Redfly draws out his pistol and kills him and several others, prompting the other villagers to back down. While Catfish, Ironhead, and Benny prepare a group of mules to transport the money, Pope and Redfly compensate the village elder with some of the money before the group continues on their way. When they reach the top of the mountain and make their way down, a firefight takes place with two villagers seeking to avenge the deaths of their families. Redfly takes one of them out before being killed by the second villager, who Pope kills. After a brief argument between Ben and Ironhead, Pope urges them on stating that both Redfly's family and they themselves deserve the money at this point. They proceed towards the ocean with the money and Redfly's body. Ben scouts ahead and reports that their getaway boat is still there but the village is filled with armed teens waiting for them. While Pope initially argues that they "go through" the armed teens, the others vehemently disagree. Knowing they cannot sneak all the money through the town, they toss the money into a ravine, keeping only what they can carry in their backpacks. They attempt to quietly make their way through the town to the boat carrying Redfly's body, but are discovered. After a car chase, the team makes it to safety in the boat with $5 million and Redfly's body. Later, as the team sets up an offshore account in St. John's, a lawyer provides paperwork disseminating the funds evenly between the 4 men and Redfly's family trust. However, the guilt-ridden men each agree to give their shares to Redfly's family. Afterwards, the team go their separate ways with Pope planning to head to Australia to find Yovanna. Before leaving, Ironhead gives Pope a set of coordinates scribbled on a piece of paper, the location of the ravine in Peru where they left the money behind. 