nm0005382:

 Hometown Honeys 3 (1989)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 2002: A Sex Odyssey (1985)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Between the Cheeks (1985)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Idol (1985)Summaries Even John Holmes must be careful what he wishes for. After younger fans kidnap him, he gets molested by a buxom Realtor and her client. The client's husband catches them, but the older Realtor fulfills his own fantasy of her. A man hitchhikes when his car breaks down. Three younger women offer him a ride upon recognizing he is John Holmes. Holmes asks to watch them together before joining in. When they're done, the women spike his drink and tie him up. They want to reveal the secret to their friend, but she's busy with her lover. She then joins a friend couple, just after they finish a "bondage on water-bed" session. The buxom kidnapper arrives to tell the tale. But since her fantasy involves a threesome, the guy from the couple and the lover offer her what Holmes couldn't. Implying he was abused for months, Holmes asks a visiting Reator to free him. Instead, the buxom Realtor and her client force themselves on him, until he agrees to continue if they untie him. The client's husband eventually catches them. As Holmes gives the wife her first orgasm, the older Realtor takes the husband aside to fulfill his own fantasy of her. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 