nm0003254:

 The New Adventures of Robin Hood (19971999)Summaries The legendary outlaw and his Merry Men battle evil around Nottingham and Sherwood Forest. Robin Hood and his band of outlaws which includes Marian, Little John, and Friar Tuck, rob from the rich and give to the poor as they fight against Prince John, the Sheriff of Nottingham, and all other manner of evil people and creatures. Magic plays as much a part as the sword and the arrow. Mike "Nelson" Gulick <dagger@tiac.net> Once Merlin had made a prophecy to Arthur that another good man would help England. A couple hundred years later, one of Merlin's followers named Olwyn finds a boy of nobility named Robert who's full of hate at the men who killed his father. From this a new legend is born and from the bitter lad grows a strong leader who fights for the common man. With him are Little John, Friar Tuck, and of course, Maid Marion whom he is always denying his feelings for. They protect all from taxes, tyranny, and black magic. Max Vaughn It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 90210 (20082013)Summaries A Kansas family relocates to Beverly Hills, where their two children adapt to the infamous social drama of West Beverly Hills High. Annie and Dixon Wilson move from Kansas to the very wealthy area of Beverly Hills, and begin attending the famed West Beverly High School in the 90210 zip code. They quickly encounter queen bee Naomi, rebel Silver, troubled Adrianna and others as the drama unfolds in 90210. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Veronica Mars (20042019)Summaries After her best friend is murdered, and her father is removed as county Sheriff, Veronica Mars dedicates her life to cracking the toughest mysteries in the affluent town of Neptune. The murder of high-school student Lilly Kane shook the seaside town of Neptune, California to the core. For once popular girl Veronica Mars, it meant the loss of her best friend and being ousted from the affluent crowd that she once thought were her friends. Her father, Sheriff Keith Mars, found himself voted out of his job after making some unpopular accusations about the murdered girl's family. In response, Keith opened his own private detective agency. Now, Veronica, with her sardonic wit and a few new friends, works as his assistant while also navigating life as a high school (and later college) student. L. Hamre It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Frontline (1983 )Summaries Investigative journalist documentaries. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 