nm0010394:

 Say Anything (1989)651) A noble underachiever and a beautiful valedictorian fall in love the summer before she goes off to college. High school senior Lloyd Dobler wants nothing more than to go out with beautiful and intelligent Diane Court. Lloyd attempts to win her heart over the objections of her over-protective father before Diane leaves for a scholarship in England. Scott Renshaw <as.idc@forsythe.stanford.edu> Diane Court and Lloyd Dobler have just graduated from Lakewood High School in Seattle. Overachieving Diane, who probably does not realize how beautiful she is, was the class valedictorian. She strives for excellence in everything she does as a natural course, resulting in not having a social life, although she could probably get any boy she wanted despite feeling socially awkward herself. She lives with her divorced father, Jim Court, who owns a nursing home, who dotes on Diane and who does whatever he needs to validate her being the best. Diane receiving a prestigious fellowship to study in England in the fall is just the latest validation that she indeed is at the top of the pyramid. An army brat, Lloyd recently returned to the US to finish high school, he now living with his single mother sister Constance while their parents remain stationed in Germany. Lloyd, who does kick-boxing as a hobby, has no career aspirations, only knowing that he wants to do something great. His only short term aspiration is to date Diane, despite the improbability, it generally seen that she is out of his league. With the fellowship in hand, Diane lets her social guard down for the first time in her life in accepting Lloyd's offer of a date, despite she not even knowing who he is. Following that date, Lloyd wants to spend as much time with Diane in the next sixteen weeks before she leaves. Diane, who likes Lloyd and who finds that she now regrets not having that social life with her high school colleagues, has to decide if Lloyd does fit into her life at this crucial time just before she is about to leave. What happens is also dependent on her father, not only in he perhaps seeing any boy, but even more one like Lloyd who does not have the same future outlook as he has for Diane being merely a distraction, but something that happens in his own life. Lloyd figuring out what that something great as something to do may also factor into what happens. Huggo The unambitious teenager Lloyd Dobler has a crush on the gorgeous bookworm Diane Court and decides to invite her to date him in the high-school graduation party and she accepts. Lloyd is living with his sister Constance and has no plan for his future. The objective Diane lives with her father James Court, who is the owner of a retirement home, and has just received a scholarship from a British college. Soon they fall in love with each other but James is investigated by the IRS agents and convinces Diane to break up with Lloyd and travel to England. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil An improbable couple meets after high school graduation and must deal with their friends, family, and other pressures just to stay together. Lloyd Dobler is an average kickboxer with a good heart but limited ambition. Diane Court is an aloof genius who is very closely protected by her father. When Diane gets a scholarship to study in England, she has a weighty decision to make. Jeremy Rasmussen <jr@intrepid.uunet.uu.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is graduation day, 1988, for a Seattle high school. Lloyd Dobler tells his girl friends Corey and DC that he is going to ask out class valedictorian Diane Court. They tell him he is crazy, because she is a "brain" and he is not. As Diane is getting driven to graduation by her father, she is practicing her speech. Her father, James, is extremely supportive, telling her that it is funny and everyone is bound to love it. At graduation, Diane's speech is a bit of a bomb. Nobody laughs and the only people in the audience who appear to be interested in it are Lloyd and Diane's father. In the speech, she talks about how she is fearful of the future. Lloyd keeps telling his friends about how much he loves Diane's eyes. After graduation, we see Diane receive a new car from her father as a graduation present. Meanwhile, Lloyd gets his friends to take a photograph of him as he walks behind Diane. Later that day, Lloyd gets the courage to call Diane. He invites her to a graduation party, and much to his surprise she agrees, even though it is unclear if she even remembers who he is. After the phone call, she is shown looking into her yearbook, and expressing surprise when she sees Lloyd's picture. Shortly afterwards, Diane's father gets a letter explaining that Diane has won a fellowship that will allow her to go to university in England. She will therefore be leaving in 16 weeks. Apparently this fellowship is only given to one student in America, so this is a huge honor. Lloyd picks her up for the party wearing a khaki trench coat. She is wearing a white skirt and matching blazer with a purple flower in her hair. Lloyd meets Diane's father and is very gentlemanly and polite. Upon arrival at the party, people are intrigued by the fact that Lloyd has shown up with Diane Court. It appears as if this is the first time that Diane has ever socialized with anyone, and they seem pleased that she showed up. It seems that while her classmates admired her, very few know her level at all. Lloyd is given the task of "keymaster", which means he has to spend the entire party holding a bag of car keys; he can only give them back to the drivers if they are sober. Diane and Lloyd do not spend the party next to each other, but at various points, Lloyd does check up on Diane, which she seems somewhat pleased by. When the party ends, there is one kid who is too drunk to drive. Diane and Lloyd drive him home, but it takes them three hours to find the guy's house. Lloyd doesn't end up delivering Diane home until dawn. The two do not kiss on this first "date", and her father is not upset by the late return, because she had called him while at the party to let him know where she was. It is clear by this point, that Diane likes Lloyd more than anyone might have expected. They arrange a second date: a dinner party with Diane's father and some of his colleagues from a senior citizen home, which he manages. Lloyd's friend Corey tells him to keep his mouth shut during dinner, which he mostly seems to do. At one point, Diane and her father tell a story about when Diane tried to board a plane once, but got so scared that her father had to tell the pilot to turn the plane around before it took off. Lloyd remarks that he is amazed by the closeness of Diane and her father: that he has nothing like that in his life. When asked what his dreams are for the future, however, he disappoints the adults by not having any ambitious dreams. He tells them that he just wants to spend as much time as possible with Diane and is interested in kickboxing. Midway through the dinner, two men come to the door to inform Mr. Court that he is under investigation from the IRS. He gets agitated and tells them to visit him at his office. The film progresses with scenes showing us that Lloyd and Diane are gradually getting more and more friendly with each other. At the same time, it is clear that there is a considerable stress surrounding the IRS investigation. Diane tells Lloyd that she is just too stressed out to get into anything deep with Lloyd. They agree to be "friends with potential." This status changes while Lloyd is teaching Diane how to drive stick shift. She is barely catching on, but enjoying the process. At one point, the two get quite close and Lloyd plants a kiss on her, which she accepts. They kiss a few more times and then decide to drive to somewhere more private. Eventually, we see Diane and Lloyd parked in Lloyd's car by the sea. The two appear to have had sex underneath some blankets in the back seat. Diane remarks how Lloyd is shaking. She thinks it is because he is cold, but he explains it is because he is so happy. On the radio is Peter Gabriel's "In Your Eyes". She tells him to listen to the song, because it is so nice. In the morning, Diane arrives home to a dad who is quite upset with her. Unlike the previous all-nighter, she failed to call him this time around. At this point she mentions how she feels free to "say anything" to her dad, and so tells her dad everything about her and Lloyd's relationship. She explains that she first wanted to avoid doing anything serious like sex with him, but in the end, she decided to go for it. While her father isn't upset at her, he clearly isn't thrilled to be hearing this from his daughter. This added strain between Diane and her father seems too much for her to handle. Her father suggests that she break up with Lloyd, to help make her life simpler. He suggests that she could give him something for him to remember her by, such as a pen, which he gives her. Next time we see Diane and Lloyd driving around, she breaks up with him. She is clearly upset about doing this, but goes through with it, and does give him the pen before exiting his car. Lloyd is quite upset. He leaves seven messages on her machine and in what is the iconic scene, stands outside her bedroom window playing Peter Gabriel's "In Your Eyes" from a boom box which he holds above his head. Diane hears this, but only lies in her bed. Lloyd calls her one more time. We watch as Diane and her father listen to Lloyd's message. From Diane's reaction, it is clear that she is still very much attracted to Lloyd. Her father tells her to just pick up the phone, but she replies that if she did, she would just get back together with Lloyd. Eventually, she can't resist and picks up the phone, but just as Lloyd hangs up. By now the IRS investigation is heating up. Diane goes to the investigator's offices and demands that someone tell her what is going on. The man tells her that they believe that Mr. Court has been stealing money from the residents at the senior home when they die. He then hides the money in the form of cash and collectibles in the house. Diane is shocked and does not believe it. She goes home and starts searching the house for the supposed cash. Meanwhile, we the audience are able to see that the house is filled with the kinds of collectibles that the investigator tells her about. Prominently displayed is a Wurlitzer jukebox, which we previously learned cost Mr. Court $9,000. There is a Persian rug, and Diane stops to notice the fancy ring that her dad gave her as a graduation present. Eventually she opens up an antique box that her dad kept in his office, and discovers a stash of thousands of dollars. She confronts her dad, who tries to deny it. She is angry that, while she always told her father "anything" he is unwilling to come clean. He breaks down and admits that he was taking their money. He tries to justify it by saying that it was all done for the sake of Diane. While Lloyd is engaged in a kickboxing training match at the gym, Diane comes by to ask for forgiveness. She tells him that she loves him. Meanwhile, we see two lawyers negotiate a deal. Mr. Court will be fined and serve a year of prison time, starting immediately. We next see Lloyd meeting Mr. Court in prison. Diane is in the car, while Lloyd hands over a letter. It appears as if Diane is about to go to England. Surprisingly, we also learn that Lloyd is going to go to England with her. Eventually, Diane comes out of the car and does finally hug her father goodbye. Before leaving, she tells him to write her, and leaves the pen she had previously given Lloyd in her father's hands. The film ends with Diane and Lloyd on a plane together. A previous scene in the film indicated that Diane has never flown, and is very fearful of the experience. Lloyd tries to calm her down by telling her that most accidents happen in the first minutes of a flight. As soon as the "fasten seatbelt" sign goes off and a "ding" sounds, though, he tells her that everything is OK. The two are shown holding hands anxiously awaiting the ding. At the point that we hear the ding, the screen goes black, and the credits roll. 
 The Code (I) (2009)321) A veteran thief recruits a younger crook to help him pull off one final job in order to repay his debt to the Russian mob. In New York, the experienced art thief, Keith Ripley, invites the bold thief from Miami, Gabriel Martin, to team up with him. He plans the heist of two valuable mysterious antique Faberge eggs, located in a safe, of the well protected Russian jewelry Romanov. Each egg is worth twenty million dollars on the black market, and Ripley needs his cut to free himself from his debt to a powerful mobster, known as Nicky. The reluctant Gabriel agrees to participate, after having a one night stand with Ripley's goddaughter Alexandra Karolin. Meanwhile, the persistent Lieutenant Weber, who has unsuccessfully tried to put Ripley in jail for twenty years, figures out how to anticipate the movements of the criminal in order to catch him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In New York City, we see veteran thief Keith Ripley (Morgan Freeman) walk into a health spa with a gun and shoot and kill a man in a hot tub. We later learn that it was Victor Korolenko who was Ripleys partner, but Victor body has disappeared. Later Ripley recruits younger crook Gabriel Martin (Antonio Banderas) to help him pull off one final job in order to repay his debt to the Russian mob. Martin is unsure of Ripley, but Ripley's goddaughter (Ripleys ex-partners daughter), Alexandra Korolenko (Radha Mitchell) convinces him other wise. Ripley doesn't like that the two are getting close. Ripley tells Martin the plan, that they are going to steal from a Russian Museum that has been smuggling Russian treasures into the country and bribing the NYPD with large donation and expensive equipment. The two infiltrate a party at the museum posing as cops to gather information about their vault. The Russian mob, led by Nicky (Rade Serbedzija), grow impatient with Ripley and kidnap Alexandra. They tell them they must steal two Faberg eggs from the Russian Museum in order to get her back. When the duo get into the vaults of the museum with the eggs, Martin reveals he is an undercover cop from Miami planted to catch Ripley. He leaves Ripley locked in the vault and takes the eggs to the Russian mobster to free Alexandra. After Alexandra is released Martin is forced to meet with Nicky. Meanwhile, Lt .Weber (Robert Forster) and his squad enter the museum, but are detained by the security guards due to Martin telling the guards he was a cop as he escaped. Martin reports in to the police the next morning after the police have picked up Nicky, only to learn that the man they have in custody isn't the man Martin met, and that he was actually Victor Korolenko, who had faked his death with Ripley's help. It is then revealed that Ripley had escaped, letting the museum know cops were on the way and that they had cleaned out the vault of all the smuggled items (which had included the eggs) before the police could inspect it, meaning there was no evidence that anything had been stolen and that Martin's testimony would be worthless as his actions have been kept off the book to prevent Ripley from finding out and that Martin's involvement with Alex compromises him, and Ripley had to be let go. Ripley later calls Martin from a tarmac ready to leave with Victor to meet with a buyer for the eggs, letting him know that they knew Martin was a cop from the beginning, and that they plan on going into hiding, although Alex will continue to stay in New York (having been in on the plan the whole time) and where he can pick up his cut. Martin later meets up with Alex, who confesses that her feelings for him are real, and decides to become a thief. 
 The X Files (1998)761) Mulder and Scully must fight the government in a conspiracy and find the truth about an alien colonization of Earth. With problems appearing between FBI agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, a dangerous conspiracy is starting to appear. A deadly virus, which appears to be of extraterrestrial origin has appeared, which could destroy all life on Earth. With the help of a paranoid doctor, Alvin Kurtzweil, Mulder and Scully must act fast in order to save everyone on the planet. Film_Fan Two people from two worlds. FBI Agent Fox Mulder, a believer. FBI Agent Dana Scully, a Skeptic. Together they must solve the mysteries such as who, or what destroyed a Federal Building in Dallas, what killed 4 firemen and a child supposedly killed in the blast and more, but these mysteries were not placed by some insane terrorist, these were placed by our very own Government. Kyle Keating <cyraan@hotmail.com> After The X Files is closed, Mulder and Scully now do the "down to earth work." They are assigned to find a bomb in a building. After the bomb destroys the building, Mulder soon learns that the destruction of the building was the work of the government... yatessixecho After five years of chasing paranormal activity, the X-Files are closed by the government. FBI Agent Fox "Spooky" Mulder and his skeptical partner, Dana Scully, are reassigned to more mundane duties...such as bomb detail. Even so, Mulder gets more and more information confirming his suspicions about alien activity on Earth and a secret, international cabal of men protecting that confidential information. An outbreak of metamorphic alien activity in Texas provides the clues for the agents. Michael "Rabbit" Hutchison <rabhutch@spacestar.net> Thirty-seven thousand years ago, a deadly secret was buried in a cave in Texas. Now the secret has been unleashed. And its discovery may mean the end of all humanity. When a terrorist bomb destroys a building in Dallas, Texas, FBI Agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully are drawn into a dangerous conspiracy surpassing anything they've ever encountered. With the dubious assistance of a paranoid doctor, Mulder and Scully risk their careers and their lives to hunt down a deadly virus which may be extraterrestrial in origin - and could destroy all life on earth. Their pursuit of the truth pits them against the mysterious Syndicate, powerful men who will stop at nothing to keep their secrets safe, leading the agents from a cave in Texas, to the halls of the FBI, and finally to a secret installation in Antarctica which holds the greatest secret of all. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in prehistoric times in a wordless sequence. A Neanderthal man stumbles upon what appears to be a large, primal, vicious alien in a cave (although the camera work uses zooms and flash-edits to keep the creature from being visualized fully). The two fight, and the caveman wins, stabbing the alien to death. However, fans of the show will recognize the black oil as it bleeds from the alien's wounds and soaks into the Neanderthal. After a fade to modern-day small-town Texas, a little boy (Lucas Black) falls down a hole in his back yard, and finds a human skull. As he picks it up, black oil seeps out from the ground beneath his feet, and black slivers move up his legs until they reach his head - his eyes go black. Shortly afterward, a team of firemen descend to rescue him. They are presumably lost to the same fate as the boy. In the summer of 1998, at the end of the show's fifth season, the X-Files were shut down, and Fox Mulder and Dana Scully were assigned to other projects. They are first seen assisting Special Agent in Charge (SAC) Darius Michaud (Terry O'Quinn), and his FBI team investigating a bomb threat to a Federal building in Dallas, Texas. When Mulder separates from the team to scout out the building across the street, he discovers the bomb in a first-floor vending machine. While Michaud remains to disarm the bomb, Mulder and Scully are able to evacuate the building and prevent hundreds of casualties before it explodes. It becomes clear to the viewer, (but not the agents,) that Michaud is making no effort to disarm the bomb, which ultimately explodes.(Several media commentators noted parallels between this and the real-life 1995 Oklahoma City Bombing.)[1][2] Mulder and Scully return to Washington, D.C., but instead of commending their roles in preventing the deaths of hundreds, they are instead chastised because four victims were still in the building: three firemen, and one little boy. They are both scheduled separate hearings in which their job performance will be evaluated. That evening, Mulder encounters a paranoid doctor, Alvin Kurtzweil (Martin Landau), who explains that the four victims were already dead, and the bomb was allowed to detonate to destroy the evidence as to how they died. Mulder enlists Scully to travel with him to the morgue to examine the bodies. They learn that the bodies have suffered a complete cellular breakdown which could not have been caused by the bomb. Mulder leaves Scully in the morgue to fly back to Dallas to investigate evidence left from the explosion. He urges Scully to join him, and she shares evidence that the bodies were infected with an alien virus. They travel to the boy's home and find a brand-new park in place of the hole in which he fell. Unsure what to do next, they follow a team of tanker trucks to a massive cornfield surrounding two bright, glowing domes. When they infiltrate the domes, they find simply a large empty space. However, grates on the floor open up, and a massive swarm of thousands of bees chase the agents into the cornfield. Soon helicopters fly overhead, and the two make a harrowing escape back to Washington. Upon their return, Mulder, finding the evidence disappearing rapidly, unsuccessfully seeks help from Kurtzweil, while Scully attends her performance hearing, and learns that she is being transferred to Salt Lake City, Utah. She informs Mulder that she would rather resign from the FBI than be transferred. Mulder is devastated at the thought of not having Scully as a partner to help him uncover the truth, telling her, "I don't know if I want to do this alone. I don't know if I even can. And if I quit now, they win." The two have a tender moment (they lean towards each other, as though to kiss), until she is stung by a bee which had lodged itself under her shirt collar. She has an adverse reaction, and Mulder calls for emergency help. However, when an ambulance arrives to transport her, the driver shoots Mulder in the head, and whisks Scully to an undisclosed location. The real ambulance pulls to the scene moments later as the scene fades to black. Mulder awakens in a hospital (the bullet grazed his temple), and, with the help of The Lone Gunmen, sneaks out of the hospital. He is accosted by The Well-Manicured Man, who gives him Scully's location in Antarctica, along with a weak vaccine to combat the virus she is infected with. The Well-Manicured Man then kills his driver and himself before his betrayal of the Syndicate can be discovered. Mulder journeys to Antarctica to save Scully, in the process discovering a secret lab run by the Cigarette-Smoking Man and his colleague Strughold. The lab is destroyed just after they escape to the surface, when the alien ship lying dormant underneath comes back to life and leaves its underground port, launching into the sky. Scully is unconscious while the ship flies directly overhead, and Mulder wakes her in time to allow her a hazy view of the gray ship disappearing into gray clouds; it is unclear whether Scully, in her weakened state, discerned anything. Later, Mulder and Scully attend a hearing where their testimony is routinely ignored, and the evidence covered up. The only remaining proof of the whole ordeal is the bee that stung Scully, collected by The Lone Gunmen. She hands it over, noting that the FBI does not currently have an investigative unit qualified to pursue the evidence at hand. Later, on a bench along The Mall, Mulder is appalled by the media cover-up of the entire incident, and tries to persuade Scully to leave his crusade. Scully refuses, noting that "if I quit now, they win." At another crop outpost in Tunisia, Strughold is given a telegram by the Cigarette-Smoking Man; the telegram informs them that The X-Files have been reopened. 
 Kindergarten Cop (1990)431) A tough cop must pose as a kindergarten teacher in order to locate a dangerous criminal's ex-wife, who may hold the key to putting him behind bars. After numerous fruitless attempts, the veteran LAPD Detective, John Kimble, has one last chance to put behind bars once and for all the elusive drug kingpin, Cullen Crisp, who is trying to find the whereabouts of his son and his ex-wife who run away with millions of dollars. In high hopes of picking up clues, the massive officer finds himself at a bustling elementary school in Astoria, Oregon, posing as a substitute kindergarten teacher; however, to keep up the ruse without blowing his cover, John must keep under control a noisy classroom full of intimidating five-year-old adversaries. Can Kimble show them who's boss? Nick Riganas John Kimble is a tough city cop who's been on the trail of drug dealer Cullen Crisp for years. He finally tracks Crisp down but it seems the only person that can testify against him is his ex-wife. The problem is she's disappeared and all Kimble knows is the name of the school in Oregon where her son attends. When things don't quite go to plan, Kimble finds he has to go undercover on his toughest assignment yet - Kindergarten teacher! Col Needham <col@imdb.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Detective John Kimble is on the trail of a drug-dealing bad guy. He visits a girl named Cindy who may know something about the bad guy whose name is Crisp Cullen. John is handed an assistant, Phoebe O'Hara after he hears that the ex-wife of Crisp is in a school in Oregon with her son, Dominic. but, what's the lady's name? John hears that it's Rachel. he goes out to Oregon to drop off Phoebe as the subsitute teacher. but things go wrong with Phoebe's sickness and John takes her position. he goes to the school and teaches in a kindergarten class where he meets a mother and teacher, Joyce. well, actually Joyce IS Rachel. but John does not know yet. then, John goes to a dinner in a restaurant with Phoebe, Dominic and Joyce. they all go to their homes at night and one more day of school teaching! soon, in the next or other day, John meets a kid named Zach whose father is abusing him. OMG! but, John goes out to find something about the father via talking to Zach's mother and no... it was not Crisp. he beats up the father and soon discovers that Joyce is Rachel. some kind of party is thrown a bit on and John tries to talk to Rachel, but she walks away. the next day, John invites Phoebe over to teach the kids about strangers while Crisp is in the school and lights the school on fire. he kidnaps Dominic and John rushes to get him, he tries to talk Crisp into letting Dominic go, but Crisp shoots John and John falls on the floor. he groans a bit, is OK, but Crisp's mother Eleanor butts in and shoots John. John now is in real pain, he bleeds and groans and is sent to the hospital. He then is all right and Phoebe, who is injured by a car at the time John is shot, brings in her fiancee who is a chef. John gets out of the hospital and visits the children. then the movie ends. 