nm0001863:

 Eight Legged Freaks (2002)431) Venomous spiders get exposed to a noxious chemical that causes them to grow to monumental proportions. After a long absence, Chris McCormick returns to his quiet hometown of Prosperity, Arizona, to reopen his late father's mines. However, a chemical spill and lethal toxic waste have created an unstoppable army of giant spiders who prey on the unsuspecting locals, turning Prosperity into an endless buffet. Now, it's up to Chris; Sheriff Sam Parker; her son Mike; Sam's plucky daughter, Ashley; the conspiracy theorist, Harlan, and a handful of survivors to stop the hairy menace, and save the town. But, who can stand in the way of the disgusting eight-legged freaks? Nick Riganas The residents of a rural mining town discover that an unfortunate chemical spill has caused hundreds of little spiders to mutate overnight to the size of SUVs. It's then up to mining engineer Chris McCormack and Sheriff Sam Parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople, including the Sheriff's young son, Mike, her daughter, Ashley, and paranoid radio announcer Harlan, into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the quiet mining town of Prosperity, Arizona, an accident involving a rabbit causes a barrel of toxic waste to land in a reservoir. An exotic spider farmer named Joshua (Tom Noonan) has been making regular visits to the site, where he collects crickets for his spiders. Although the spiders have ingested the toxins, he is oblivious since the arachnids seem unaffected. Joshua shows Mike (Scott Terra), a local boy, his collection, which include Jumping spiders, Trapdoor spiders, Tarantulas, and orb-weavers, including a female orb-weaver named Consuela. After Mike leaves, Joshua is bitten by an escaped tarantula and accidentally knocks down the spider cages. He is killed by the spiders and, after devouring him, the spiders grow to even huger proportions. On his way home, Mike is accosted by his mother, Sheriff Samantha 'Sam' Parker (Kari Whrer) and Deputy Pete pulling the toxic barrel out of the pond. Wade, the Mayor of Prosperity, is holding a town meeting in the mall about whether they should sell the mines and relocate. Chris McCormick (David Arquette), whose father owned the mines before he died ten years ago, shows up and stands against Wade's proposition. Chris also sparks a romance with Sam. Meanwhile, Harlan Griffiths (Doug E. Doug), the local radio DJ and an eccentric extraterrestrial enthusiast, is broadcasting his theory that various missing pets around town have been abducted by extraterrestrials. Inevitably his theory is dismissed as the product of a deranged imagination. Mike sneaks out on foot to find Joshua but finds the spiders missing, the farm covered in webbing, and the dead body of Joshua. Although he sees an enormous spider shadow in the mines and tells Chris that the spiders have grown to enormous sizes, based on a giant spider leg he found at the mine entrance, Chris disbelieves his story. Meanwhile, the mines have reopened with the miners searching for a famous gold lode. One miner is eaten by a gigantic spider, whose clan have made the mines their home. Seeing as the entire town is connected in some way to the mines, spiders show up in many different places. Deputy Pete Williams (Rick Overton) cat has a fight with one of the spiders in the air vents before being eaten, and some of the ostriches on Wade's farm are devoured by Trap Door Spiders, Ashley breaks up with her boyfriend Bret, and he and his motorcyclist friends are chased by jumping spiders, with him being the only survivor, accidentally cutting off the telephone line and being stuck in the mine. Chris finds out that his Aunt Gladys and her dog are abducted by a male orb weaver in their basement. Sam is convinced Chris and Mike are delusional. However, her skepticism fades and she realizes that Chris and Mike were right all along when she witnesses a giant male orb-weaver attempting to abduct Ashley (Scarlett Johansson), Sam's rebellious teenage daughter and Chris; Sam saves them both. Meanwhile Bret, still wandering the mines, gets a good peek at the giant Consuela during her feeding. Sam contacts Pete and tells him to bring all guns in the police station's possession and they escape to Harlan's trailer, knowing he has a radio station that he operates from within his trailer. As Sam broadcasts the threat over the radio, a giant tarantula, the "tank" of the horde, assaults the trailer but they manage to escape. As the town is besieged by vicious spider hordes, many people are killed and eaten, Chris tries to convince Harlan that the spiders are "from Earth" but ends up convincing him that they are "Spiders from Mars" to make him happy, Sam tells everybody to evacuate to the mall. Chris, Sam, Mike, Ashley, Harlan, Wade and many other townspeople all escape and barricade themselves in the mall (but the cowardly Wade flees into the mines and locks the gate before the attack) and defend themselves from the spiders. Meanwhile, Harlan and Chris climb onto the roof and ascend the radio mast and try to get a signal to call the US army as they are being attacked by the spiders, but are believed to be pranksters. Harlan jumps from the roof, after the tarantula breaks open the gates and lets the spiders enter the mall, and lands in some bushes, where he meets up with Pete. The two run from spiders as Chris meets up with the remaining townsfolk and goes down to the basement. Meanwhile, Bret, still wandering the mines, encounters the cowardly Wade before his abduction. While the townsfolk are in the basement, Bret arrives on a forklift that brings down the locked gate, and they all head to through the mines straight to the front entrance, discovering the methane-filled tunnels. After losing Norman and freeing Wade, Chris goes to look for his Aunt Gladys in the mines and finds her - and the gold his father was searching for, but is confronted by the gigantic Consuela. He uses perfume to distract the spider and then escapes using Bret's motorcycle. Chris then blows up the spiders and the mines utilizing Gladys's smoking addiction and the high concentrations of methane gas. The police finally arrive. They had not believed the reports of the spiders but believed Harlarn's theory that the assailants were extraterrestrial in nature, until Pete tells them that the assailants were "just spiders, that had ingested extremely high levels of toxic waste." He attempts to prove this by removing his hat, showing us that he is bald. He runs his hand back and forth over his head saying; "All new growth, just look at this, all new growth!" In the final scene, Harlan is heard making a radio report about the spiders. He concludes that the town has decided to cover up the whole incident, but have let Harlan continue broadcasting the incident, knowing nobody will believe him. He also mentions Chris reopening the gold mines and putting everyone back to work, but tells us "that is another story altogether." As the camera zooms in close on his mouth, it is clear that he now has three gold teeth. 
 Anaconda (1997)651) A "National Geographic" film crew is taken hostage by an insane hunter, who forces them along on his quest to capture the world's largest - and deadliest - snake. When a documentary crew traveling through the Amazon jungle, picks up a stranded man, they are unaware of the trouble that will occur. This stranger's hobby is to capture the giant Anaconda snake, and plans to continue targeting it on their boat, by any means necessary. FilmFanUk In search of the elusive Shirishama tribe, the bold director, Terri Flores, leads an equally ambitious team of six documentarians deep into the Brazilian rain forest. Before long, while sailing the meandering Amazon River, a chance encounter with the stranded adventurer, Paul Serone, who claims that he has evidence of the mysterious indigenous tribe's existence, will renew the group's hopes. However, this is the habitat of a monstrous scaly predator, and Paul seems to know more than he's letting on. Now, slow and agonising death awaits the unsuspecting invaders. Is there an escape from the ever-tightening coils of the mighty, twelve-metre anaconda? Nick Riganas A film crew headed by anthropologist Steve Cale and director Terri Flores journey through a river to find a mysterious Indian tribe and shoot a documentary on them. They save a guy called Paul Sarone from a sinking boat. He offers to help in their search for the tribe, but he is actually a snake-hunter looking for legendary anaconda snake, and when Cale is bitten by some tropical insect, Sarone takes over the boat. Anonymous A "National Geographic" crew heads down the Amazon in a jungle boat to make a documentary on a long-lost tribe of natives. En route, they rescue a hunter from his sinking boat and take him on board. After the ship's captain is attacked by a poisonous insect and goes comatose, the hunter commandeers the boat, takes the crew hostage, and drags them along on his insane quest to capture a giant anaconda. Scarface Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Shooting a documentary about a long-lost Indian tribe on the Amazon River, director Terri Flores (Lopez) and members of her crew, including cameraman Danny Rich (Ice Cube) and Professor Steven Cale (Stoltz), come across stranded snake hunter Paul Sarone (Voight) and help him, believing he knows how to find the tribe they're searching for, but Sarone acts strangely and the crew suspect something. When Cale is bitten by a poisonous wasp which entered his mouth (leaving him unconscious for nearly the rest of the film), Sarone takes command of the boat...and the crew. They are then forced to help him achieve his true objective; hunting down and capturing a record-breaking Green Anaconda he had been tracking. During the process, several members of the crew are killed before the snake itself is shot dead and Sarone incapacitated by the newly awakened Cale. Later on, Terri and Danny, two of the surviving members of the crew, are captured when Sarone catches up to them. He dumps a bucket of animal blood on them and then uses them as bait in an attempt to capture a second, larger Anaconda. The anaconda, Terri and Danny are caught in a net by Sarone, but escape when the snake breaks free. The survivors cut their bonds and break free as Sarone himself is killed by his quarry. The snake becomes trapped in the smoke stack, which Danny ignites and it seems to have died. As Terri and Danny recuperate on a nearby dock and the snake appears one final time. Danny beats the anaconda with an axe until it is finally slain. Afterwards, the survivors of the expedition reunite on the ship, and as they float down the river, accidentally locate the natives they were originally searching for. They realize Sarone was right and begin filming their documentary as the movie ends. 
 Thinner (1996)541) An obese attorney is cursed by a gypsy to rapidly and uncontrollably lose weight. A fat Lawyer finds himself growing "Thinner" when an old gypsy man places a hex on him. Now the lawyer must call upon his friends in organized crime to help him persuade the gypsy to lift the curse. Time is running out for the desperate lawyer as he draws closer to his own death, and grows ever thinner. <Cane@Cris.COM> Billy Halleck, good husband and loving father, is both benficiary and victim of the American GoodLife. He has an excessive home, a nice family, and a rewarding job as a lawyer ... But he is also fifty punds overweight and edging into heartattck country. Then, in a moment of carelessness, Billy sidesweeps an old Gypsy woman as she is crossing the street and her ancient father passed a bizarre and terrible judgement on him. 'Thinner," the old Gypsy man whispers. Just one word ... But six weeks later and ninty-three pounds lighter, Billy Halleck is terrified. And desperate enough for one last gamble ... That will lead him to a nightmare showdown with the forces of evil mealting his flesh away. Bennet When a gypsy caravan arrives in Fairview, the judge Phillips forces the gypsies to leave town. Meanwhile the gluttony lawyer Billy Halleck, who has difficulties to reduce his weight, successfully defends the mobster Ritchie Ginelli in court. During the night, he celebrates with his partner and wives at a dinner party. While driving back home, his wife Heidi pleasures Billy during which he accidentally runs over the old gypsy Suzanne Lempke, the daughter of the patriarch Tadzu Lempke. During the trial, Billy omits the reason of the accident; the chief of police Duncan Hopley perjuries; and the bigoted judge declares Billy not-guilty. The next day, Billy, Duncan and Phillips are cursed by Tadzu, who puts a hex on each one of them. Billy gets thinner and thinner and while seeking out Tadzu to ask him to remove the spell, he suspects that his wife is having an affair with his doctor and friend Mike Houston. Billy feels that his life is running out and asks for help to Ritchie to convince Tadzu using his method to call off the jinx. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke) is an arrogant, obese, upper-class lawyer living in the suburban small town of Castle Rock, Maine with his 14-year-old daughter Linda (Bethany Joy Lenz) and his wife Heidi (Lucinda Jenney). After defending an underworld crime boss named Richie "The Hammer" Ginelli (Joe Mantegna) in court, the town is in the middle of a carnival which is run by Gypsies. One evening, he accidentally runs over an old Gypsy woman with his car when Heidi distracts him by performing oral sex on him. After a court hearing where Billy is cleared of any charges, the Gypsy woman's father, a 106-year old warlock named Tadzu Lempke (Michael Constantine) curses Billy by touching his face and saying the word "Thinner" before he and the Gypsy group leave town. The curse causes Billy to lose weight rapidly, regardless of how much he eats. The old man also curses the corrupt Judge Cary Rossington (John Horton) and Police Chief Duncan Hopely (Daniel von Vargan) who helped Billy avoid punishment for the Gypsy woman's death. Later, Billy sees Judge Cary Rossington slowly turning into a lizard and after a hostile encounter with his wife, Rossington commits suicide. Duncan Hopely becomes mutated with over-sized pimples and he also commits suicide. Billy continues to remain in denial to what is happening, but after visiting a clinic and finding his sudden weight loss inexplicable, he finally realizes that the Gypsy curse is real. Because only Lempke can remove the curse, Billy must track down and persuade the ancient Gypsy man to lift the curse. He flees from his family when they disbelieve the curse and insist he seek psychiatric help. Billy finally tracks down the Gypsy troupe at the carnival in the next town in Connecticut. But Lempke is unmoved and has his great-granddaughter Gina (Kari Whrer) shoot Cary's car window, who has picked Billy up. They then drive straight into a truck which is seemingly driven by Lempke. The experience turns out to be a nightmare that Billy experiences and learns that the Gypsy caravan has moved to the next town, where he confronts them. Gina then shoots him in the hand with her catapult, and christens him the "white man from town". As his family grows frantic about his whereabouts, Billy enlists the help of Richie who believes in Gypsy curses and agrees to help him out. Richie pays an associate to track down the Gypsies for him. Richie kills off the camp dogs with poison and leaves a note saying "WHITE MAN FROM TOWN SAYS TAKE IT OFF." But the next day, the Gypsies find the man who tracked them down and kill him and vandalize Billy's car. The next evening, Richie turns up the heat and launches a one-man attack against against the Gypsy camp by firing off various automatic weapons at the camp trailers and he kills one Gypsy at the camp, who is Gina's husband. The next morning, Richie turns up at the camp impersonating "Agent Stoner" from the FBI where he lures Gina away from the group to a old barn where he confronts and brutalizes her in order to persuade Lempke to lift the curse. Billy stops Richie from killing her. Richie threatens Gina with acid and gives her a message for her great-grandfather: meet them at the lighthouse in two hours. Richie then drops off the think and frail Billy at the meeting place and drives off. Lempke arrives at the meeting, convinced that only by lifting the curse can he prevent further attacks on his people. He explains to Billy that he cannot remove the curse, but it can be transferred to another victim. Lempke then performs this by stabbing Billy in his wounded hand and mixing his blood with a strawberry pie that he has brought with him. Lempke tells Billy that the curse will be lifted for a short while, but the cursed pie must be consumed by an unsuspecting person, causing painful but rapid death or the curse will return. Lempke urges Billy to end the curse and commit suicide with dignity by eating the pie himself. Billy refuses and with that, Lempke walks away. Billy returns home to Castle Rock with the pie, but he believes that his wife Heidi has been cheating on him during his ordeal, so he leaves the pie out in the kitchen for her to eat. She delightedly eats a piece, while Billy heads to bed, claiming exhaustion. The next morning, Billy finds Heidi's desiccated corpse next to him in bed. He is gleeful to be free of the curse and of what he believes is his disloyal wife. However, when he goes downstairs, he discovers that his daughter Linda had just eaten some of the pie minutes earlier for breakfast just before she walks out the door for school... meaning that she may die at any minute. At the same time, Billy discovers on the news that Richie Ginelli has been found dead in New York City under mysterious circumstances with Billy reasoning that the Romani took revenge upon him. Billy's guilt compels him to "die with dignity" and ends up having to take Lempke's offer to eat a piece as well. Before he can do so, a local doctor from the clinic where Billy attended for his unexplained weight loss (whom he suspects to be his wife's adulterous lover) named Dr. Mike Houston (Sam Freed) arrives at the door. Seeing Billy, Mike grows uncomfortable and struggles to explain his unannounced presence, seemingly confirming Billy's suspicions of an affair between Mike and Heidi. However, Billy invites Mike in for a piece of the pie and closes the door with a smirk. 
 The Air I Breathe (2007)321) A drama based on an ancient Chinese proverb that breaks life down into four emotional cornerstones: happiness, pleasure, sorrow and love. A businessman bets his life on a horse race; a gangster sees the future; a pop star falls prey to a crime boss; a doctor must save the love of his life. A frustrated and clumsy bank clerk overhears the conversation of three coworkers in the toilet about a fix in a horse race, and bets a large amount. He loses the bet and owes the money to the dangerous and powerful mobster Fingers. A gangster who works for Fingers has the ability of foreseeing pieces of the future; he is assigned to collect money for the boss, with his troublemaker nephew Tony, and is beaten up by a gang. The manager of pop-star Trista loses her contract to Fingers without her agreement and she is threatened by the gangster. A dedicated doctor seeks a blood donor that might have a rare blood type to save the life of his secret and unrequited passion, a beautiful epidemiologist who's married to a friend. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Happiness, Sorrow, Pleasure and Love are the four respective themes that writers Jieho Lee (who also directed) and Bob DeRosa tackle in these bizarre stories. This is a film about luck, both good and bad- and what perspective you choose to look at the characters fates will probably determine whether you like this movie or not. Happiness is presented first, with Forest Whitaker playing a nerdy office worker who decides to take a huge risk, betting everything on what he thinks is a fixed horse race. Does the risk pay off? You decide. Next up is Sorrow, in the form of Sarah Michelle Gellars fragile pop music star, who finds out that her contract has been sold to a vicious mobster called Fingers. Fingers is played by Andy Garcia, in a memorably over-the-top performance (care to take a guess how he got his nickname?) and he is the one constant in each of these stories. He is the single piece of thread that connects all of these individuals. Third and best of this series, is Pleasure, in the guise of Brendan Frasers mob henchman with psychic abilities. Namely, he can see into the future. He works for (you guessed it) Fingers and has an adventurous night babysitting Fingers nephew Tony, a young, wanna-be mobster with a foul mouth and a reckless streak. During the course of that night, however; something happens and he isnt able to see the future and as a result, gets the crap kicked out of him. This is actually great for him, because he regards his psychic gift as more of a curse. Soon he is asked to baby-sit the pop star (who Fingers is basically holding hostage) and the pair fall in love which leads to some complications. The fourth and final scenario involves Kevin Bacon as a doctor who will do anything to save the woman he loves (Delpy), another doctor who is dying from a serious injury. All of these characters connect, to a certain degree and events set in motion by one individual, effect others; either favorably or not. 