nm0003149:

 Excerpt of Emerald City (1998 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 On the Trail of John Hunt Morgan (2003 TV Short)Summaries The coordinator of the John Hunt Morgan Heritage Trail provides a brief account of Morgan's raid through southern Indiana in 1863. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Quest for _____ (1998)Summaries A hard-boiled detective is drawn into a bizarre world of computers by a bizarre doppelgnger known as Mr. Fake Shemp. There he encounters a computer-headed man, a failed cyborg, its master, and a mysterious woman, and a bizarre image he cannot comprehend. The more he runs, the more he gets sucked in... Scott Hutchins <scottandrewh@home.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 How to Make Dhyrak: A Dramatic Work for Three Players and Camera, Truncated with Only Two Players (1999 Video)Summaries Attempting to shoot a script with a leading actor missing. When Abdul-Khaliq Murtadha couldn't make the shoot for the deadline, the director and other actors work through how they might shoot the script, "Dhyrak: A Dramatic Work for Three Players and Camera, Truncated," if they had a full cast. Practices, foul-ups, and inside jokes abound as Michael Nyman music blasts on the soundtrack. Scott Hutchins <scottandrewh@home.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 