nm0000357:

 Blaze (1989)Summaries A middle-aged Louisiana governor falls in love with a young stripper, which jeopardizes his political career and the radical policies which have made him a controversial figure. This movie tells the story of the latter years of Earl Long, a flamboyant governor of Louisiana. The aging Earl, an unapologetic habitue of strip joints, falls in love with young stripper Blaze Starr. When Earl and Blaze move in together, Earl's opponents use this to attack his controversial political program, which included civil rights for blacks in the 1950's. Can Earl keep Blaze and retain control of the state? Reid Gagle It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Adventures in Babysitting (1987)871) A babysitter must battle her way through the big city after being stranded there with the kids she's looking after. Chris Parker agrees to babysit after her boyfriend, Mike Todwell, stands her up. Expecting a dull evening, she settles down with three kids for a night of TV...and boredom. But when her frantic friend, Brenda, calls and pleads to be rescued from the bus station in downtown Chicago, the evening soon explodes into an endless whirl of hair raising adventures. Chris and the kids leave their safe suburban surroundings and head for the heart of the big city, never imagining how terrifyingly funny their expedition will become. Anonymous In Oak Park, Illinois, seventeen year-old Chris Parker is in love with her boyfriend, Mike Todwell. When he stands her up and cancels their date, she accepts to babysit Brad and Sara Anderson. But her friend, Brenda, calls her telling that she decided to run away home but now she has repented; she begs Chris to rescue her from the bus station in downtown Chicago. Chris makes a deal with Brad and Sara and when she is ready to drive to the city, Brad's friend, Daryl Coopersmith, overhears the negotiation and blackmails her to go with them. However, when they are on the expressway, she gets a flat tire and realizes that she left her purse at the house. A mechanic named Pruitt stops this tow truck and offers to take her car to his garage. She sees no other option and accepts the offer in the beginning of an unforgettable night of adventures in Chicago. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Chris Parker is a popular high school senior living in Oak Park, Illinois. When her boyfriend, Mike Todwell, cancels what was supposed to be a romantic anniversary dinner date at the last minute due to a family emergency, she reluctantly accepts a job to babysit eight-year-old Sara Anderson, who idolizes Thor and roller skates whenever she can. Her high school freshman brother, Brad, secretly fantasizes about Chris being his girlfriend, the two who only cordially say "hi" to each other in the school hallways, if that, when they run into each other. Chris' babysitting job takes a turn when her naive best friend, Brenda, who was planning on running away, frantically telephones from the bus station in downtown Chicago realizing the scariness of the situation, she needs a ride home as she has no money. As Chris has no money either to pay for a cab for Brenda, she, Brad, Sara, and Brad's best friend, Darryl Coopersmith, drives into the city in her mother's station wagon to pick up Brenda. While Brenda faces her own issues in waiting for Chris, she and her charges get into one misadventure after another having to do with, among other things, mechanical problems with the station wagon, a jealous husband with a philandering wife, a car theft ring, a blues club with an unofficial yet unbreakable policy, a gang war, a frat party, a cheating boyfriend, and an office party in an upper floor of a skyscraper. What happens is affected by Chris' need to mind the kids who want to go off on divergent directions, and the current issue of Playboy whose centerfold has an uncanny resemblance to a certain babysitter. The primary question becomes if Chris can get Brad, Sara, Darryl, and Brenda home in one piece before the Andersons get home and discover their adventurous night. Huggo When plans with her boyfriend fall through, high school senior Chris Parker ends up babysitting the Anderson kids, Brad and Sara. What should be a quiet night in, however, turns into a series of ridiculous exploits, starting when they leave the house to pick up Chris' friend Brenda. Soon, Brad's buddy Daryl is involved, and the group must contend with car thieves, blues musicians and much more. yusufpiskin Chris has a big night out planned when her boyfriend, Mike Todwell, cancels on her. She agrees to babysit for Brad and Sara Anderson. She's settled in for a dull night when her friend, Brenda, calls her to say she's marooned at the bus station in downtown Chicago with very seedy characters around. Chris, Brad, Sara, and Brad's friend, Darryl Coopersmith, get into Chris' mother's station wagon for a trip to the inner city. All is well until they get a flat tire. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Chris Parker is a high school senior that her boyfriend, Mike Todwell, stands up. The only thing she can do now is babysit Brad and Sara Anderson, and Brad's annoying sex fiend friend, Darryl Coopersmith. When her friend, Brenda, is trapped in the bus station in downtown Chicago, she has to travel out of the suburbs to the big city. While there and with a flat tire, she, Brad, Sara, and Darryl get caught in the middle of a mafia deal lead by Dan Lynch because of a Playboy magazine. Will they be able to get back to the 'burbs? Seth Weinstein (problemchild4@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, 17-year-old high school senior Christine 'Chris' Parker (Elisabeth Shue) is awaiting the arrival of her boyfriend, Mike Toddwell (Bradley Whitford), to pick her up for a date. When he arrives, he devastates her by canceling their plans to go to a French restaurant in downtown Chicago due to his sister becoming ill. Brokenhearted, Chris has her best friend Brenda (Penelope Ann Miller) come over, and while she is there, the Andersons call asking if Chris can babysit their daughter Sara. Seeing no other plans for the evening, Chris agrees. When she arrives, she discovers eight-year-old Sara (Maia Brewton) and her 15-year-old brother Brad (Keith Coogan) in an argument. Sara had taken Brad's Clearasil lotion and used it to paint another picture of her Marvel hero Thor, prompting Brad to call him a 'homo' and upset her. She manages to blackmail him by telling him in front of Chris (without his knowing) that she would tell Chris about all of his love poems to her. Embarrassed, Brad admits defeat and apologizes to Sara. After the Andersons leave for the evening, Brad is visited by his best friend Daryl (Anthony Rapp), whose house he was supposed to be staying over that night, but Brad cancels and returns to the living room where he shuts the blinds out from the "stray dog" as he describes him to Chris. Chris gets a call from a frantic Brenda, who had successfully run away from home, but unsuccessfully stranded herself at the bus station downtown. Without the money to pay for a cab ride, Brenda's fear prompts Chris to decide to drive into town. Sara and Brad won't let her leave them home alone, and Daryl's eavesdropping forces her to take him along as well. In the car, Chris tells Sara a scary story about a man with a hook who kills a babysitter and her children, and when a car tire blowout stands them on the expressway without a spare, she realizes that she forgot her purse at the Anderson's and thus they have no money. A tow truck pulls over and "Handsome" John Pruitt (John Ford Noonan) offers them a hand, or a hook to the surprise and fear of the children. Offering to pay for the tire repair, Pruitt is distracted by a call on his CB radio and he diverts off the expressway to his home where his wife is cheating on him. In a resulting shootout where Pruitt attempts to kill his wife's fleeing adulterous lover, Chris and the others get out of the truck and into a parked Cadillac (Mrs. Pruitt's lover's car), which is being stolen. The thief, Joe Gipp (Calvin Levels), promises to take them to safety after he drops off the car at a local chop shop. However, the mobster leaders Greydon (Ron Canada) and Bleak (John Chandler) detain Chris, Sara, Brad and Daryl up in the office while they are involved in a meeting with some shady business types over the stolen cars spare parts. In the office, Daryl steals a Playboy magazine to replace his dad's, which had been thrown out of the car window earlier by Brad. Chris, Sara, Brad and Daryl make a tense escape crossing the girders in the warehouse ceiling, escaping outside. The car thieves Greydon and Bleak find the Playboy missing, and as it contains incriminating evidence that can be used against them, so they give chase with a reluctant Joe driving their car after the kids. The kids are chased into a blues club where they are not allowed off the stage until they reveal their predicament in song, much to the cheers and applause from the audience. When they are allowed to leave, they are reminded of their mission and predicament when Darryl attempts to pick up a prostitute (Monica Deveraux) on the street who turns out to be a seventeen-year-old runaway. Meanwhile, Brenda is not having a very good time at the down town bus station. Having her eyeglasses stolen by a homeless woman while resting leaves her practically blind, she mistakes a sewer rat for a kitten, and is laughed at by two pest exterminators when she attempts to defend it. A hot dog vendor (Peter Lavender) will not accept her small check as payment, stating "You slip me the cash, and I'll slip you the wiener." But when she says, "I don't have any cash!" he proclaims, "Then I don't have a wiener!" Back on the street, another chase from the thieves prompts Chris, Sara, Brad and Daryl to board a elevated train where a pair of rival gang members move in to kill each other. Chris intervenes to hold off the fight until they exit the train, and Brad stands up when she is insulted. Brad gets a knife thrown into his shoe, and Chris wields it against the gang, quoting her famous line: "Don't fuck with the babysitter." When they back off, the four of them leave the train and rush Brad to the hospital. After a scare where they think Brad has died, they run into Pruitt again at the hospital, who was taken there by the police there for injuries his sustained while fighting his wife's boyfriend. Pruitt tells the kids that he managed to get their car at Dawson's Garage before he was arrested, but tells them that they will need to pay $50 for the replacement tire, as he had to pay for the windshield damage from the gunfight earlier. Pruitt then flees from police custody and into the night. As Chris, Sara, Brad and Daryl wonder the streets to debate their predicament, they arrive shortly after at a college fraternity party. Chris meets a new love interest when a friendly frat member named Dan Lynch (George Newbern) offers to help them. Dan manages to get together $45 toward the car's tire payment. Darryl gets into trouble with a jock whose lonely girlfriend attempts to have sex with him, and Dan takes them to Dawson's Garage. Leaving, and expected never to be seen again as he did not give Chris an address to get hold of him to pay him back, upon entering the garage, they meet Dawson (Vincent D'Onofrio), whose long blond hair and physically fit appearance causes Sara to think he is the alter ego of Thor. Dawson, offended by the $5 shortage, refuses to relinquish the car, but Sara's selflessness in giving him her plastic Thor helmet prompts him to have a change in heart, he gives the car and her helmet to the kids, and lets them go. However, the mobster car thieves, Bleak and Graydon, are staking out the garage after Joe reluctantly told them about where Chris and her group are heading to. En route to the bus station, Chris spots the restaurant that Mike was supposed to take her to that night, and Darryl points out Mike's red sports car in the parking lot. They go in to find that Mike is dating and flirting with the sleazy bimbo Sesame Plexer, and it is revealed that Mike was only dating Chris in interest of having sex with her. Brad stands up for Chris, whereas Mike dares Brad into hitting him, but Brad backs down claiming that he will not sink to his level. Darryl admits, "I will", and kicks Mike into a dessert cart. Meanwhile, Sara has slipped out of the restaurant to visit a toy store she had seen, and is approached by Bleak, who spots the stolen Playboy in her backpack. They chase her down to the building that her parents are having their party in, and find through chocolate finger smudges on the elevator buttons which floors to check. Graydon exits in the renovated top floor of the building, and discovers Sara climbing out the window on a rope. Chris, Darryl, and Brad hot on their trail choose the wrong floor and accidentally crash the Anderson's office party. After a brief encounter with Bleak, both he and Chris notice Sara walking along the window ledge outside, and Chris causes Bleak to trip while she and Brad and Darryl go upstairs and discover Sara outside the window. After pulling her up to safety, Joe arrives and explains they were after the Playboy the whole time. They decide to leave Graydon outside and let him "sweat a little" while Joe shows his resignation from the car thieves by punching out Bleak and leaving the stolen Playboy beside the unconscious mobster. The group then departs the building. At the bus station, Brenda discovers her glasses and steals them back from the homeless woman, only to be chased from the bus station by everyone she had come across. Being chased by the homeless, she runs into the exterminators, past the hot dog vendor, and past the phone booth, which is a homeless man's house. After she gets outside, she is finally picked up by Chris and the others and she proclaims "What took you guys so long?!" On the way home, the kids pass the Andersons on their way home. Chris sends the kids upstairs and Brenda home before cleaning up the messes that had been made earlier in the day, coming to settle down just as the Andersons appear in the doorway, not suspecting a thing. Chris goes upstairs to say good night and announces her plans to retire from babysitting. They each admit to each other and thank themselves for "What was probably the greatest night of their lives... so far". As Chris leaves, Dan makes a surprising appearance to return Sara's roller skates, which she'd left in his jeep, as well as admit to Chris that he is interested in her. Sara shouts "Kiss him!" from the bedroom window, and they comply happily. Brad, who had come to realize that while they aren't boyfriend/girlfriend, he and Chris can still have a good friendship, accepts that Dan is better for her than he is. He closes the blinds to give the two some privacy, and the end credits roll. After the end credits are done, there is a final shot of Graydon still stuck on the ledge of the building where Chris and the kids left him. 
 JFK (1991)761) New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison discovers there's more to the Kennedy assassination than the official story. On November 22, 1963, president John F. Kennedy is assassinated in Dallas. Lee Harvey Oswald is arrested for the crime and subsequently shot by Jack Ruby, supposedly avenging the president's death. An investigation concludes that Lee Harvey Oswald and Jack Ruby acted alone in their respective crimes, but Louisiana district attorney Jim Garrison is skeptical. Assembling a trusted group of people, Garrison conducts his own investigation, bringing about backlash from powerful government and political figures. Cole Matthews Details the actions of New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison, who takes it upon himself to investigate the assassination of President John F. Kennedy in Dallas, Texas, in 1963. Garrison is extremely suspicious of the official story presented by the FBI, and what he already knows and what he subsequently learns lead him to suspect that there is more to the story than the public is being told. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> A mixture of fact and speculation surrounding the death of U.S. President John F. Kennedy on 22nd November, 1963. New Orleans District Attorney, Jim Garrison, re-opens the files on the investigation and takes a critical look at the facts given by the F.B.I. His persistent questioning and poking his nose where it shouldn't be causes his and his family's lives to be at risk. But he keeps on the trail and soon uncovers a lead which points to the war in Vietnam. Graeme Roy <gsr@cbmamiga.demon.co.uk> Part fact and part opinion, mainly of Jim Garrison and director Oliver Stone, as to the events surrounding the proposed conspiracy of the assassination of President John Fitzgerald Kennedy on November 22, 1963 in Dallas, Texas. New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison began a probe into the actions of the F.B.I. and other officials of whom he suspected where covering up information that could lead to evidence of multiple shooters. The motive is believed to be to escalate the United States involvement in the Vietnam War. President Kennedy was attempting to prevent any further involvement in this situation, but which Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson supposedly promised the United States government that he would "give them the war". Thus, the motive for eliminating President Kennedy. The movie also details the events of many people involved in the assassination, from Lee Harvey Oswald to Clay Shaw, a prominent figure in New Orleans. Anonymous New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison is highly suspicious of the official story presented by the FBI to explain JFK's assassination. When he takes it upon himself to investigate, he unearths a deadly conspiracy that may go deeper than he could have ever imagined. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a narration (by an uncredited Martin Sheen) showing newsreel footage, including the farewell address in 1961 of outgoing President Dwight D. Eisenhower, warning about the build-up of the "military-industrial complex". This is followed by a summary of John F. Kennedy's years as president, emphasizing the events that, in Stone's thesis, would lead to his assassination. This builds to a reconstruction of the assassination on November 22, 1963. New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison (Kevin Costner) subsequently learns about potential links to the assassination in New Orleans. Garrison and his team investigate private pilot David Ferrie (Joe Pesci), but are forced to let him go after their investigation is publicly rebuked by the federal government. Kennedy's alleged assassin Lee Harvey Oswald (Gary Oldman) is killed by Jack Ruby (Brian Doyle-Murray) before he can go to trial two days after the assassination, and Garrison closes the investigation. Three years later, the investigation is reopened in late 1966 after Garrison reads the Warren Commission Report and notices what he believes are numerous inaccuracies and conflicts. Garrison and his staff interrogate several witnesses to the Kennedy assassination, and others who were involved with Oswald, Ruby, and Ferrie. Russell B. Long (Walter Matthau), a Democrat senator, privately tells Garrison about the FBI investigation into Oswald and evidence surfaced that it was technically impossible for Oswald to fire off three shots from a bolt-action rifle with the pinpoint accuracy that killed John F. Kennedy. Garrison and his associates question Jack Martin (Jack Lemmon) a former private investigator who worked with the late Guy Banister (Ed Asner) where Martin recalls Banister beating him with a pistol on that day three years earlier after discovering that Banister's office had been broken into and several files stolen from the office. Banister was a career member of the FBI before he became a private investigator and then died suddenly of a "heart attack" in 1964 one year after the Warren Commission released its report. Martin tells Garrison that Oswald had met with Banister a few times during his brief stay in New Orleans and that Oswald and Ferrie knew each other and were employed on some special project with Cuban anti-communist militants. Garrison meets with Dean Andrews, Jr. (John Candy), an eccentric lawyer who claims that an alleged phone call was made to him by one of his clients, named "Clay Bertrand" on the day after the Kennedy assassination in which Andrews was asked to represent Oswald in the assassination charges against him. Andrews tells Garrison that he may be in over his head with those who may have been involved. Another witness Garrison meets with is Willie O'Keefe (Kevin Bacon), a male prostitute currently serving five years in prison for solicitation,, who reveals he witnessed Ferrie discussing Kennedy's assassination with Oswald, and a group of Latin men. As well as briefly meeting Oswald, O'Keefe was romantically involved with a man he knew as "Clay Bertrand" also known as Clay Shaw (Tommy Lee Jones), a wealthy New Orleans businessman. Upon Garrison's informal questioning, Shaw denies any knowledge of meeting Ferrie, O'Keefe or Oswald, but he is soon charged with conspiring to murder the President. In Dallas, others come forward, including Jean Hill (Ellen McElduff). She tells the investigators that she witnessed shots fired from the grassy knoll and she heard four to six shots total, but Secret Service agents threatened her into saying only three shots came from the book depository; the implication is that changes that were made to her testimony by the Warren Commission. Garrison and a staff member, Lou Ivon (Jay O. Sanders), go to the sniper's location in the Texas School Book Depository and aim an empty rifle from the window through which Oswald was alleged to have shot Kennedy. Ivon dry-fires the rifle while Garrison times him. They conclude that Oswald was too poor a marksman to make the shots, and two of the shots were much too close together, indicating that one or two more additional assassins must have been involved. Another person comes forward named Rose Cheramie (Sally Kirkland), a Dallas prostitute who was allegedly beaten up by Jack Ruby's bodyguards. She tells Garrison that she was taken to a clinic on that day where she pleaded to the doctors that the Mafia was planning on killing President Kennedy. After discovering electronic surveillance microphones that had been planted in his offices, Garrison meets a high-level figure in Washington D.C. who identifies himself as "X" (Donald Sutherland). X suggests there was a conspiracy at the highest levels of government, implicating members of the CIA, the military-industrial complex, Cuban exiles, the Mafia, and Secret Service, FBI, and even Kennedy's vice-president, Lyndon B. Johnson, as either direct conspirators, co-conspirators, or, as having motives to cover up the truth after the assassination. X explains that Kennedy was assassinated because his foreign policy would have meant diminished profit for the military-industrial complex, and enraged high-ranking military officials who viewed such diplomacy as weakness. Kennedy ordered control of secret para-military operations to be removed from the CIA and handed over to Department of Defense Joint Chiefs of Staff. This would have diminished the agency's power. Further, the Mafia had helped Kennedy win the 1960 election as a favor to his father, Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr, who had done business with the Mafia dating back to the 1920s, and felt betrayed that he had let his brother, Robert F. Kennedy, continue his crusade against the Mob. Furthermore, the Mob wanted revenge for the April 1961 Bay of Pigs fiasco, which they had helped fund and support in order to get their Cuban casinos, their biggest moneymakers, back from the hands of the Castro government. In flashbacks, X reveals how his superior, General "Y", had X sent on a trip to Antarctica just before the assassination. One of X's duties was to supplement presidential security. He points out all the lapses in security during JFK's fatal trip to Dallas: the open windows along the route, the hairpin turn from Houston to Elm which slowed the limousine, and bystander activities which would not have been allowed. X suggests he was ordered out of the country in order to strip away the normal security measures he would have had in place during Kennedy's fateful trip to Dallas. On his way back from Antarctica, X touches down in New Zealand. He reads a local newspaper which mysteriously presents a full dossier on Oswald and his guilt in Kennedy's death. This was hours before Oswald would be charged with the crime and anyone investigating the case knew much about him. X views this as clear proof of a cover story of the type used by CIA black ops. In other words, CIA assets in the media were being used to persuade the public of Oswald's guilt. X further states that Kennedy was intent on pulling U.S. troops from South Vietnam by the end of 1965 as evidenced by National Security Order 263. This was countermanded immediately by Kennedy's successor, Lyndon Johnson, with National Security Order 273. Therein, concludes "X", lay the foundation of the Vietnam War. X encourages Garrison to keep digging and make further arrests. Two of Garrison's staff, one of whom is Assistant District Attorney Susie Cox (Laurie Metcalf), quit the investigation, doubting his motives and methods. Garrison's marriage is strained when his wife Liz (Sissy Spacek) complains that he is spending more time on the case than with his own family. After a sinister phone call is made to their daughter, Liz accuses Garrison of being selfish and attacking Shaw only because of his homosexuality. In addition, the media launches attacks on television and in newspapers attacking Garrison's character and criticizing the way his office is spending taxpayers' money. Some key witnesses become scared and refuse to testify while others, such as Ferrie, die under suspicious circumstances. Before his death, Ferrie tells Garrison and some of his staff, in a private meeting where Ferrie is plainly agitated and paranoid, that he believes people are after him, and reveals there was a conspiracy around Kennedy's death that involved co-conspirators that were involved in the CIA planned Operation Mongoose. In June 1968, fellow Assistant District Attorney Bill Broussard (Michael Rooker) meets Garrison at the New Orleans airport where Garrison is boarding for Phoenix, Arizona and tells him the Canadian mob will attempt to assassinate him and is about to get Garrison some serious protection when Garrison confronts Broussard about his orders not to pass rumors about someone going to be killed. Broussard tries in vain to get Garrison to listen, but Garrison refuses, dismissing it as "paranoid garbage." He accuses Broussard of disobeying orders and decides to take him back to New Orleans as punishment. Broussard tries to apologize, but Garrison is too busy to accept it. After a few minutes, he has to flee from a public restroom when he hears strange noises in the adjacent stall and is approached by an unknown man who pretends to be a friend of his. Garrison flees after figuring out that he is about to be set up to be arrested by the airport police as part of a plot by the conspiracy to set him up as a homosexual. After Garrison returns to New Orleans, he and his staff discovered that Broussard has joined the FBI and disappeared from his apartment. They argue about the real reason why Shaw has been brought to trial. After Liz retires, he sees Robert Kennedy on TV and witnesses R.F. Kennedy's assassination. Garrison, who predicted it, and Liz, whose faith in her husband is renewed as a result, reconcile. The climax of the film is Clay Shaw's trial, a lengthy hearing from January-March 1969. Garrison presents the court with further evidence of multiple killers while attempting to debunk the "single bullet theory" proposed in the Warren Commission report. Garrison also presents the Zapruder film, a silent, color motion picture sequence shot by private citizen Abraham Zapruder with an 8mm home-movie camera as Kennedy's motorcade passed through Dealey Plaza on that day, thereby unexpectedly capturing the President's assassination. Garrison uses the film to propose a scenario involving three assassins who fired six total shots. Garrison's closing statement is an impassioned one where he floats the notion that information from the Warren Commission will not be released for many years and that his oldest son will be 75 at the time. He also invokes Kennedy's own famous inaugural speech and brings himself to tears over the nation's fallen hero. He then bids the jury to bring justice. After only one hour of deliberations, the jury acquits Shaw on all charges. The film reflects that the jury's members publicly stated that they really believed there was indeed a conspiracy behind the assassination of JFK, but there was not enough evidence to link Shaw to that conspiracy. The film ends with Garrison stating to reporters that he'll continue to find out what else may be there in the cover up. The final shot shows Garrison and Liz leaving the courthouse together. In the end credits, it is mentioned that Clay Shaw died of lung cancer in 1974, but in 1979 Richard Helms testified under oath that Clay Shaw had, in fact, been a part-time contract agent of the Domestic Contacts Division of the CIA. The Justice Department has done nothing to re-open the investigation of the Kennedy assassination. The end credits also state that secret records related to the assassination will be released to the public in 2029. 
 Hollywood Homicide (2003)321) Two LAPD detectives who moonlight in other fields investigate the murder of an up-and-coming rap group. When not solving murders in Tinseltown, Detective Joe Gavilan and his rookie partner Kasey Calden both moonlight in other fields: Gavilan sells real estate (poorly), and Calden aspires to become an actor (Brando, namely). Assigned to the vicious in-club slaying of a promising young rap act, the two detective delve into the recording industry where they hope to find answers - ideally ones that also come with property buyers or auditions. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Joe Gavilan and his younger, more inept partner, K. C. Calden, are at target practice at the police station. K.C. misses all of his shots, and Gavilan easily hits both his target and Calden's dead-center. Later, at a rave, a DJ plays the music as a rap group sings on stage. Two men make their way into the club's back rooms, don masks, and then brandish guns. They step out of the rooms and shoot up the club, killing the rap group. Amid the chaos, the perpetrators flee. Later, Gavilan, who is pulled away from an appointment with a potential buyer for his old house, meets Calden at the crime scene and the two investigate, finding several important clues. After the investigation, Gavilan and Calden part ways, and Calden sees a hooker get into Gavilan's car, but he's too far away to notice that the hooker is actually an undercover male cop in drag, who knows Gavilan. Gavilan and the man drive away and discuss their respective current cases, and Calden drives off as well. Gavial drops the man off and goes home, where he drinks and calls into a late-night psychic talk show, where he appears to be a regular caller. Meanwhile, a man in a suit meets with the two men who shot up the club, and kills them, and burns their corpses. The next day, at the police station, Bennie Macko, and a few other internal affairs people search Gavilan's and Calden's lockers, and, unsatisfied, leave them alone. Gavilan and Calden go to the office of the rap group's manager, Antoine Sartain, and question him, and Calden runs into some old friends from school. That night, Gavilan meets with Ruby, the psychic from the talk show, who is his girlfriend. Gavilan and Calden meet with a man who Gavilan is selling a house for, as he moonlights in real estate. They leave, and Calden goes to examine the corpses without Gavilan, who has to see another client, and in exchange, Gavilan will come to his upcoming stage performance of A Streetcar Named Desire. Called, who is obviously not comfortable around dead bodies, examines the charred corpses of the two gunmen at the autopsy room in the station and calls Gavilan about it. Gavial thanks him, and then meets with the DJ from the club, and they agree on a price for a home. That night, Gavilan meets with Ruby again. Macko, who is determined to ruin Gavilan due to their bad history, frames Gavilan and Calden, and has them interrogated, After getting off free, Gavilan and Calden, gain a lead when they learn that K-Roc, a songwriter for the group, has gone missing. They track him to his home, and after a lengthy chase, apprehend him for questioning. They learn that the group was about to terminate their contract with Sartaine, so he had them killed. The two grab Ruby, and she helps them track down Sartaine and his henchmen. After a large-scale chase and shootout, Gavilan chases Sartaine to a rooftop where the two engage in a brutal fist fight that finally ends when Sartaine falls from the roof and meets his demise in a dumpster below. 