nm0004865:

 Fried Green Tomatoes (1991)431) A housewife who is unhappy with her life befriends an old lady in a nursing home and is enthralled by the tales she tells of people she used to know. Evelyn Couch is having trouble in her marriage, and no one seems to take her seriously. While in a nursing home visiting relatives, she meets Ninny Threadgoode, an outgoing old woman, who tells her the story of Idgie Threadgoode, a young woman in 1920's Alabama. Through Idgie's inspiring life, Evelyn learns to be more assertive and builds a lasting friendship of her own with Ninny. Kevin <Kibble@vm.temple.edu> Fried Green Tomatoes is a 1991 film directed by Jon Avnet. In this directorial bebut, Avnet cast four women to play the lead roles. Kathy Bates as Evelyn Couch, an unhappy housewife depressed with her life; Mary Stuart Masterson as Imogene Louise (Idgie) Threadgoode, the local tomboy who swears, smokes, drinks, gambles and never goes to church; Mary-Louise Parker as straight-laced Ruth Anne Jamison of Valdosta, Georgia. A preacher's daughter and only child in charge of the BYO activities and the young people at the church. And Idgie herself! And Jessica Tandy as Virginia (Ninny) Threadgoode, sister-in-law to Idgie. Idgie and Ruth lived back in the 1920's and 1930's in Whistle Stop, Alabama. Ninny did as well, and regales the two women's adventures to Evelyn, who takes these stories as inspiration for her own life. Fried Green Tomatoes is based off of the book "Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe" by Fannie Flagg. The book was released in 1987. In Britain, the movie has the exact same title as the book. Note: There are very few differences between book and movie for whom it may concern. Rachel Burkert Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Evelyn Couch is a middle-aged woman in her 40's, trying to find purpose in her life, while also struggling to find a way to save her marriage to her husband Ed. One day, the couple go to a nursing home in Alabama to visit Ed's Aunt Vesta. However, she angrily rebukes Evelyn, who wanders around the home, and encounters a woman named Ninny Threadgoode. Ninny claims she's visiting an acquaintance named Mrs Otis, and staying at the home with her, until her friend gets settled. Ninny then begins to speak of a family member named Idgie Threadgoode, the youngest child of the family she married into. Ninny tells about Idgie being the youngest and somewhat problematic of the Threadgoodes, but who could often be quelled by her older brother Buddy. One person whom Buddy has his eyes on, is Ruth Jamison, a friend of the family. However, tragedy strikes when on the wedding day of Idgie's older sister Leona, Buddy goes chasing after Ruth's hat that has been blown away. He catches it but gets his foot stuck in the nearby railroad tracks, and is unable to get away before he is killed by a train coming down the tracks. The death of Buddy pushes Idgie further away from those around her, and it is only the family's African-American friend Big George that she allows near. Following her first encounter with Ninny, Evelyn and Ed return during Halloween, and Evelyn encounters Ninny again, claiming she's visiting her friend Mrs Otis again. As Evelyn offers her some food, Ninny claims how she could go for some fried green tomatoes, like the kind that Idgie and Ruth made at the Whistle Stop Cafe, which leads her back to talking about Idgie. Years have passed since Buddy's death, but Idgie hasn't changed much, except for being aloof and causing a little ruckus here and there. This leads to Idgie's mother requesting Ruth Jamison stay with the family over the summer, while she helps at the church. Ruth tries to bring some order to Idgie's way of life, but Idgie soon ends up leading the straight-laced young woman on some wild shenanigans. From a place called The River Club, to throwing food from a train to hobos. Ruth is even surprised when Idgie procures her a fresh honeycomb from a beehive, proclaiming Idgie to be "a bee charmer." As the summer winds down, the two have grown closer, and Idgie throws Ruth a surprise birthday party down at The River Club, where they play poker, baseball, and share a quiet moment together. However, Idgie gets somewhat quiet when Ruth claims that when she goes home to Georgia after the summer, she's getting married to Frank Bennett. Though she is invited to the wedding, Idgie doesn't show, but watches from afar as Ruth and her husband move into their new home. Following her meeting with Ninny, Evelyn continues to go to a class to save her marriage, but she is also frustrated by her husband's lack of wanting to do anything. Eventually, Ed's Aunt Vesta doesn't want them visiting anymore, but Evelyn returns to the home to see Ninny around Christmas. Ninny then continues the story, telling how Idgie eventually returned to Ruth's house to see her...only to find that Frank had been abusing her. Idgie wants to fight Frank, but Ruth requests that Idgie leave. Eventually, Idgie and her family receive word that Frank's mother has died, and Idgie, her brother Julian, and Big George accompany her to Georgia to liberate Ruth. Idgie soon learns her friend is pregnant, but they are unable to make a quick getaway before Pete shows up, and tries to stop them. The group manages to get Ruth out, but not before Idgie tells Frank that she'll kill him if he touches Ruth again. As they ride off, Idgie triumphantly shouts: "Towanda!" Following this meeting, Evelyn suffers a drop in self-esteem when she is called a "fat cow" by a young man. Seeking solace from Ninny, Evelyn admits that she has an eating problem, and just feels confused and on edge. Ninny claims she's just going through "the change," and recommends Evelyn take steps to change her life around. Talk then returns to Idgie, who is overjoyed when Ruth has her baby, whom she names Buddy Jr. The two women then open The Whistle Stop Cafe, serving patrons inside, and African-American people as well, a practice that they are quietly criticized for by the local Sheriff, Grady Kilgore. Ruth even bestows some extra kindness on an old hobo named Smokey Lonesome, and the quiet man takes a shine to her. Unknown to Ruth, Frank has been quietly staking out where she lives. One evening, he enters Ruth's house to see his son. Though he fends off Ruth and their friend Sipsey's attacks, Frank leaves with the promise to return. Meanwhile, Grady and Idgie are having a conversation at the Whistle Stop, when a bullet is fired through the window, and Idgie sees that a KKK group is outside, whipping Big George. The group eventually leaves and Idgie tends to George, but Grady is fairly certain the Klansmen they encountered are not local. It soon turns out the men Idgie and George encountered were meant as a distraction, when Ruth and Sipsey tell about their encounter with Frank. Ninny then goes on to say that Frank did return later on one evening, during a production of the Town Follies show that Idgie and Grady performed in. However, during a lull in the performance, Big George demands Idgie come quickly. The story then cuts to some time after that night, when Grady brings by Sheriff Curtis Smoote, who has come from Georgia after Frank Bennett has been reported missing. Ruth tries to tempt Smoote with some pie, but he settles for some barbecue (of which he consumes quite a bit). Smoote claims that Idgie is a prime suspect, given a hired man of Frank's heard her threaten to kill him, but with no proof, the Sheriff just makes idle threats and leaves. After the encounter, Ruth is suspicious of Idgie, given her friend won't tell where she was on the night she left the Town Follies. Idgie simply promises Ruth that her former husband won't be bothering her anymore. After the story, Evelyn begins to change her ways. When some teenagers steal a parking space, she yells out "Towanda," and blatantly smashes into their car. She also begins to exercise and eat healthier, and is in much better spirits when next she meets with Ninny. Ninny then continues the story. Shortly after Frank disappeared, so too did Smokey Lonesome, but five years later, he returned to the Whistle Stop. However, Smokey hasn't been long in town before Buddy Jr is injured while playing around the railroad tracks. Luckily, unlike his namesake who perished by a train, Buddy Jr just loses his left arm (which they hold a funeral for). Shortly afterwards, heavy rains flood the town, and in the nearby river, Frank Bennett's truck is found. Sheriff Smoote isn't far behind, and has Grady arrest Idgie and Big George for murder. Grady does offer Idgie the chance to leave town and have George take the blame, but she refuses. The two are eventually taken to Georgia and put on trial. The case takes a major turn when the Reverend Herbert Scroggins, claims that Idgie and Big George were at the Baptist Revival for 3 days, providing them with an alibi. Upon hearing this information, the judge dismisses the case. Unknown to many there, the Reverend lied (thanks to some promises by Ruth that Idgie would attend church). Back in the present day, Evelyn begins to tear down a wall in the house, leading to her having a conversation with her husband about her feelings towards him, and how she's been trying to save their marriage. When next Evelyn returns to the nursing home, she meets Mrs Otis' daughter-in-law, Sue. Sue also explains that unknown to Ninny, her house has been condemned and was torn down. Evelyn hides this from Ninny when she meets her, throwing her a little Birthday Party, and giving her some fried green tomatoes she made herself. Ninny then recalls how after the trial, it was found out that Ruth had cancer. Idgie moved her to the family home and Sipsey watched over Ruth as she grew weaker. Ruth requests Idgie watch over Buddy Jr, and in her final moments, asks her friend to tell her a story. Idgie gives in, and tells a story that Buddy had told them long ago, about ducks that froze in a lake, and carried it away. Sometime afterward back in the present day, Ed finds Evelyn rebuilding the wall she knocked down. Bringing her flowers, he apologizes for his attitude, but balks when Evelyn claims she wants to bring Ninny to live with them. Despite Ed's misgivings, Evelyn is determined and goes to the nursing home. However, she finds a nurse in Ninny's room taking stuff down, saying the occupant of the room died. Evelyn nearly freaks out, until she learns that it was Mrs Otis who died. As Ninny was just staying for Mrs Otis, she packed her things and went home. Remembering what Mrs Otis' daughter-in-law told her, Evelyn drives to Ninny's place, and finds the old woman heartbroken that her home has been torn down. Evelyn cheers the old woman up, telling how she has helped her turn her life around, and is willing to let her stay with her and Ed. It is then that Ninny reveals that Mrs Otis was Sipsey's baby sister, and Ninny then tells Evelyn what happened on the night that Frank Bennett disappeared. Frank had come back to town to take back his son, but was confronted by Smokey Lonesome. However, it was Sipsy who knocked Frank over the head with a frying pan, killing him just as Big George and Idgie come upon the scene. Idgie and the group hold a small meeting that night to decide what to do. Even with a claim of self-defense and Smokey as a witness, the group figures a jury would never believe Sipsey. To protect her, Smokey leaves town, and George cuts up the body under the guise of preparing meat for a barbecue...the same barbecue that Sheriff Smoote ate four plates of when he came around looking for Frank! Evelyn can't quite believe the story, but as she and Ninny walk past a small cemetery, they find Ruth's gravestone, and a fresh honeycomb in a jar with a note next to it...from Idgie. Ninny claims she's still around, and the two women head back to Evelyn's car. In a closing narration, Ninny tells that after Ruth died and the train stopped coming through town, the Whistle Stop Cafe closed, and much of the area followed soon after. She remarks how the little place brought so many people together. 
 The Shadow (1994)321) In 1930s New York City, The Shadow (Alec Baldwin) battles his nemesis, Shiwan Khan (John Lone), who is building an atomic bomb. Based on the 1930s pulp fiction and radio drama series, this movie pits the hero against his arch enemy, Shiwan Khan (John Lone), who plans to take over the world by holding a city ransom using an atomic bomb. Using his powers of invisibility and "The power to cloud men's minds", The Shadow (Alec Baldwin) comes blazing to the city's rescue with explosive results. Michael Ross <M.I.Ross-iy1i9893@lmu.ac.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Tibet, following the First World War, an American named Lamont Cranston (Alec Baldwin), has become a warlord and opium kingpin under the alias of Ying-Ko (Mandarin Chinese for "Dark Eagle"). One night, he is abducted by servants of The Tulku (Barry Dennen), a holy man who exhibits otherworldly powers and knows Cranston's true identity. He offers Cranston a chance to redeem himself and become a force for good. Cranston arrogantly refuses but is silenced by the Phurba, a mystical sentient flying dagger. Ultimately Cranston remains under the tutelage of the Tulku for seven years. In addition to undergoing rigorous physical training, he learns mind control abilities such as hypnotism, mind reading, telekinesis and to bend people's perception so that he cannot be seen - except for his shadow. After completing his training, Cranston returns to New York City where he portrays himself as a lazy, laid back, millionaire playboy, while secretly operating as The Shadow, a vigilante who terrorizes the city's criminals. He then recruits the people he saves to act as his agents, providing him with useful information and specialist knowledge. His most trusted agent is Moe, a taxi driver who, after being saved by The Shadow, has dedicated himself to assist him in any way he can, most notably acting as Cranston's chauffeur and driving him anywhere and anytime he calls. He alone, knows the true identity of The Shadow. Cranston also regularly has dinner with his uncle, Police Captain Wainwright Barth (Jonathan Winters), who provides him with information and insights about police affairs, unable to imagine that his lazy nephew could ever be The Shadow. But Cranston's secret identity is endangered upon meeting Margo Lane (Penelope Ann Miller), a socialite who also have strong telepathic abilities, although she has no control over them. For some reason, Lamont is unable to shield his mind from her as she's able to read him with ease. Something that scares him more than he is ready to admit. Meanwhile, Shiwan Khan (John Lone), arrives in New-York concealed in Genghis Khan's sarcophagus. Upon his arrival, he uses hypnosis to make a security guard shoot himself and make a taxi driver crash his cab straight into a fuel truck. Khan easily finds Cranston's secret lair and reveals that he was a disciple of the Tulku as well. Khan is the last descendant of Genghis Khan, and he plans to fulfill his family's legacy of world domination. He reveals to Cranston that he is a huge fan of his Ying-Ko persona and offers him an alliance, but Cranston refuses. Khan leaves for now, offering Cranston time to think about his proposition. Cranston then acquires a rare coin from Khan and soon learns that it is made of a metal called "bronzium" (an impure form of uranium) that theoretically could generate an atomic explosion. He then learns that Margo's father, Reinhardt Lane (Ian McKellen), a scientist who just happens to be working on building an atomic device for the Department of War, has begun acting very strange and can now speak Chinese all of a sudden. Cranston realizes that Khan may be targeting Reinhardt and his invention to build an atomic bomb and makes his way to the federal building while changing into The Shadow. Unfortunately, he fails to stop Khan's henchmen from taking possession of the device and Reinhardt in the process. Shiwan Khan then hypnotizes Margo and commands her to kill the Shadow. She goes to Cranston's home and shoots him, not realizing she was shooting at a mirror. Cranston breaks Khan's hold on her but she remembers exactly why she came over. She accurately deduces that since she was ordered to kill the Shadow and she instinctively went to Cranston's home, that he is The Shadow. Cranston asks her to leave before leaving the house himself. Cranston follows one of Khan's man and finds him having a meal in a restaurant. He confronts Khan about the murder attempt and confirms he will not be an ally in Khan's plans. Khan then reveals he's in possession of the Phurba and used it to kill the Tulku. Both man pulls out a gun and tries to shoot the other but their bullets hits each other in mid air. Khan escapes and Cranston goes after him but looses him near an vacant lot. The next day, Cranston learns that Khan's atomic bomb would require a beryllium sphere to be completed and that Reinhardt's assistant Farley Claymore (Tim Curry) happens to have recently built one. The Shadow confronts Claymore who reveals his allegiance to Khan and attempts to drown The Shadow by locking him inside a giant water tank. Cranston contacts Margo through telepathy and she's able to save him. Cranston, weakened and exhausted from the experience, spends the next few days bed ridden while Margo cares for him. With her natural telepathic abilities, she is able to see some of his weird dreams and nightmares, including his warring days as Ying-Ko and the horrible crimes he has committed under that name. When Cranston gets better, Margo tells him about a luxurious hotel called the Monolith who used to stand in the vacant lot where Khan disappeared. The hotel went bankrupt before it ever opened and was ordered for demolition, although no one knows when, where or by whom the demolition was completed. Cranston realizes the hotel is still there but Khan has hypnotized the whole city into believing it was gone. As soon as he realizes that, he is able to see the hotel. That night, knowing Reinhardt has completed the bomb under Khan's hypnotic control, The Shadow enters the hotel for a final showdown with Khan. He fights his way through the building, and hypnotically influences Claymore to jump to his death from a balcony. He finds Khan, but is subdued by the Phurba and a revolving floor. Through his struggle with the flying dagger, The Shadow realizes that only a peaceful mind can truly control the Phurba. By letting go of his fears and anger, he successfully seize command of the dagger and launches it into Khan's torso, creating a lapse in Khan's hypnotic control that frees Reinhardt and restores the hotel's visibility to the rest of the world. The Shadow pursues Khan into the bowels of the building, while Margo and her father are having problems of their own trying to disarm the bomb. Khan tries to hide in a labyrinth of mirrors but, to his astonishment, The Shadow is able to focus all his powers into shattering all the mirrors around them. The Shadow then defeats Khan by hurling a shard of mirror into his skull. Khan survives the battle but wakes up confused in the padded cell of a mental hospital. He is visited by a doctor whom he tries to hypnotize but fails. The doctor, an agent of The Shadow, tells Khan that they saved his life by removing a part of his brain that is considered useless unless you believe in psychic abilities. Khan is then left powerless in his cell. Cranston and Margo begin a romantic relationship and join forces to fight crime. 
 The Lizzie McGuire Movie (2003)761) Lizzie McGuire has graduated from middle school and takes a trip to Rome, Italy with her class. And what was supposed to be only a normal trip, becomes a teenager's dream come true. Teen queen Lizzie McGuire grows up a bit and hits the big screen in this comedy drama, based on the popular Disney Network series. Lizzie McGuire and her best friends Kate, Gordo, and Ethan have just graduated from middle school, and to celebrate, they're taking part in a class trip to Rome, Italy. Eager to celebrate their new maturity as high school students, Lizzie and her pals hope to live it up in one of Europe's most fabled cities, but fate has something more spectacular in store for Lizzie. Lizzie discovers that she bears a striking resemblance to Isabella, an Italian teen-pop idol famous for her duets with heart-throb Paolo -- so much so that when Paolo and Isabella have a falling out, he asks Lizzie to take Isabella's place for an upcoming concert. Lizzie, however, isn't sure she feels comfortable stepping into the spotlight, and is even less sure about the way she feels about Paolo, who makes no secret of his infatuation with her. Things don't get any simpler for Lizzie when her family gets wind of her newfound fame, and catch the next flight to Italy. Rachel Barlow Lizzie McGuire, the blonde haired klutz/dork/loser, among other not-so-nice-things, has just graduated middle school with her best friends David 'Gordo' Gordon, and Miranda Sanchez. As a post graduation/pre high school surprise, the newly graduates, along with other friends and rivals, get to go to the beautiful Rome, Italy with the not so beautiful high school principal, Mrs.Ungermeyer. Miranda goes on a family vacation, so it's just the two friends. That's when a tiny romance begins to blossom. When they get there, the kids expect fun, romance, and in some people's cases, tons of spaghetti. What they get is a droning tour with Ungermeyer. When Lizzie meets a famous Italian pop star, Paolo, she gets a bit of fun and adventure mixed with drama and lying, when she finds out she must replace Isabella, the brunette look alike pop singer that duets with Paolo, at the Italian Music Awards. After Kate, Lizzie's rival, finds this all out and swears to keep things a secret from Ungermeyer, Gordo finds out Paolo is using Lizzie so he won't get sued. She won't believe him, yet he continues to cover for her, who knew about this since the beginning. Things get a little to out of control, and soon Ungermeyer comes to the obvious that Lizzie has been faking sick to sneak out. Gordo tells Ungermeyer that it was him sneaking around, which gets his a cozy seat on the next plane to America. But as he's getting on the plane, Isabella, who just returned from an island, is getting off a plane. She found out about Lizzie and demands her bodyguards tell her who she is. But the only one who can tell her is Gordo. Meanwhile, Matt is at home, pretending to his parents that he misses his older sister just so they can go to Rome and get her, and he can make money of the embarrassing tapes. On the plane, their parents figure out what Lizzie's trip held, and Matt must explain all he knows in a 14 hour trip. The night that Lizzie and Paolo perform, Isabella and Gordo find Lizzie getting ready backstage. They tell her everything, and now she believes them. Lizzie tells Isabella to go ahead, but Lizzie must still perform after the brunette singer states that she is not blonde, and Paolo will find an excuse to leave. So as they go on, Isabella comes up with a clever plan and tells the operators to turn up Paolo's microphone in the middle of the song, so the audience can hear his horrible voice instead of his gorgeous lipsynching. When he's caught, he runs off and tells paparazzi it was just his voice. But no one believes him, so thats the end of Paolo. Isabella introduces Lizzie as her new American friend. They start an upbeat pop duet of the original Paolo Lizzie ballad, just as Ungermeyer, the students, and Lizzie's family come in to watch her. Then Isabella leaves Lizzie to sing by herself. She tries to run off but Gordo tells her she can do it. She pretty much sums up her trip to Roma in song. The movie ends with Lizzie getting grounded, Matt being wanted out of country for blackmailing family, Kate and Ethan, the heartthrob, enjoying spaghetti, and a sweet kiss on the balcony of the hotel shared between Gordo and Lizzie. Kaylynn When Lizzie and Gordo finally graduate, Rome, Italy, here they come! Lizzie, Gordo, and all the new high schoolers to be are excited about seeing Roma. Not so excited when they're accompanied by the not so sunshiny Mrs. ungermeyer. So when Lizzie is discovered by Paolo, a famous 17 year old Italian pop star, she must sneak away from Ungermeyer, the class, and everyone associated except Gordo. She finds out she was picked out because Lizzie, with her blonde hair, looks like the brunette half of the duet, Isabella. Isabella and Paolo have broken up, and Isabella is on the island. Lizzie thinks Paolo is falling for her, but all he's doing is trying not to get sued. When she finds out from Gordo, she won't believe him. Yet, he covers for her to the extent of getting sent home. Meeting Isabella there, he explains it all to her wondering mind. When they foul out Paolo at the Music Awards, Isabella and Lizzie sing together a pop version of a softer ballad. Lizzie finished the song. Later on, Lizzie apologizes to Gordo, and they seem to be getting along very well. Will a new Romance in Roma evolve? Kaylynn Disney's "The Lizzie McGuire Movie" serves up the comic foibles of lovable Lizzie McGuire and her pals Gordo, Kate, and Ethan, who all pack their bags and plan to live la dolce vita while on a class trip to Italy. Once there, Lizzie is mistaken for Isabella (who is part of an Italian pop duo) and begins to fall for Paolo (Isabella's handsome Italian pop star former boyfriend). When Lizzie's mom, dad, and annoying brother Matt get wind of this, they all jet their way to the boot country. In the meantime, Lizzie is transformed from a gawky teen to a beautiful pop star, Gordo struggles to understand his true feelings for her, and a whirlwind of surprising events force Lizzie to find the true meaning of friendship. Anonymous Lizzie McGuire is a teenager graduating from Junior high school, and eager to find adventures in Rome, Italy on a School trip. Upon arriving there, she discovers that she is the identical spitting image of an Italian beauty who is half of a famous pop duo. Meeting Pualo, the other half of the duo, she is reeled into posing as Isabella on what becomes a journey of self-discovery. Dismal Angel Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At her junior high graduation Lizzie McGuire (Hilary Duff) is forced to make a speech in place of the class president, Margaret Chan, where she trips over the backdrop onstage, bringing down the curtain on everyone on stage. Subsequently, this footage was secretly sent in to "Good Morning America" by her younger brother, although it was made more popular internationally by CNN. She and her friends then leave on a class trip to Rome accompanied by her rude and strict new high school teacher Miss Ungermeyer (Alex Borstein) and her class enemy (and ex-best friend) Kate Sanders. After discovering she is sharing a room with Kate, Miss Ungermeyer takes them to the famous Trevi Fountain where Lizzie throws a coin into the water, for good luck after. Several minutes later, she meets the famous European pop star Paolo (Yani Gellman) who exclaims that Lizzie looks just like his partner-for-singing/ex-girlfriend Isabella. Paolo promises to be at the Trevi Fountain the next day, if Lizzie wishes to see him again. The next day, Lizzie pretends to be sick (the doctor believes that she is sick, because he had seen her embarrassing moment on stage on CNN, convinced that her nervous system collapsed under humiliation), and sneaks off to meet Paolo. She has gone off to a drive with Paolo, and agrees to present an award with Paolo as Isabella, to prevent Isabella from being sued (Paolo supposedly writes all the music, and Isabella lip-synchs). Later, Lizzie discovers that she also has to lip-synch "What Dreams Are Made Of", but agrees to do that too. Kate finds out the truth but helps Lizzie instead of betraying her. Lizzie continues to pretend to be sick while making the dress she is going to wear for the show. Just when her scheme is about to be discovered, Gordo sacrifices himself, tells Miss Ungermeyer that Gordo was the one sneaking out, and gets kicked off the trip. Just as he's about to board the plane home, he sees the real Isabella (Hilary Duff) at the airport and discovers the truth about Paolo. Gordo and Isabella race to the music event to stop Paolo from making a fool of Lizzie on stage. Paolo's plan was to show the world that Isabella could not sing; ironically, it turns out that Paolo was the bad singer and lip-synched while performing. Isabella and Gordo pull the plug on Paolo's mic, exposing him, and Lizzie ends up singing "What Dreams are Made of" (the "theme song" of the film) in front of the huge audience inside the Coliseum with her parents and Matt (who came to Rome because the mom and dad missed Lizzie). Later at the hotel, Paolo's now ex-bodyguard Sergei has formed a new relationship with the high school principal, Ms. Ungermeyer. Ms. Ungermeyer is informed the truth about sneaking off from Lizzie, and Gordo earns her respect as a loyal friend to Lizzie. Lizzie and Gordo sneak away for the last time from the after party to go up to the roof to talk. Gordo reassures Lizzie that things will be just as good when they go back home and that he always believed in her. Then, Lizzie kisses him and thanks him. Then, both of them return to the after party because they cannot afford getting into more trouble as we see fireworks spell out the words "The End". Source: Wikipedia, The Lizzie McGuire Movie 
 Beautiful Loser (2008)Summaries His parents named him Reginald Regineld. His friends call him "Ditto." At the age of eleven he decided he wasn't going to do anything with his life. And that was going pretty well until senior year when he saw Tracy. This wasn't so much love at first sight as much as it was "completely-head-over-heels-gonna-get-her-at-any-price-even-if-I-make-a-complete-fool-of-myself" love at first sight. And it would burn for decades. Whether she loved him or not. anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 