nm0009153:

 Stranded (II) (2004)Summaries Mali is young, African, beautiful and stranded in Berlin. With nowhere to stay, a "good samaritan" offers her a place to crash. A quirky romantic comedy about obstacles and opportunity. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ophelia's Opera (2001)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jump Tomorrow (2001)Summaries A young Nigerian man on the verge of being in an arranged marriage, suddenly questions his situation after an encounter with a stunning Latin woman, who is also about to be married. George, a passive and sometimes expressionless Nigerian, arrives at the Buffalo airport to meet the women his family has arranged for him to marry. He's late, she's gone on to Niagara Falls, so he has two days, traveling slowly and reluctantly, to get to the wedding. At the airport, he meets Alicia, a lively Latin, going with her boyfriend to see her family. George is smitten. Partly by happenstance, and partly by the designs of Gerard, a romantic and manic Frenchman George meets at the airport, his path crosses Alicia's a few times. As Gerard puts it, George should seize the chance to see what happens with Alicia - he can always jump tomorrow. Can George take on fate and custom? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Knives in My Throat: The Year I Survived While My Mind Tried to Kill Me (2005)Summaries Follows a year in the life of a talented and courageous NYC slam poet battling manic depression & suicidal tendencies, compounded by her own personal demons. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 