nm0004618:

 Lizzie McGuire (20012004)Summaries The daily adventures of an adolescent girl whose real thoughts and emotions are expressed by her sarcastic animated alter ego. A completely normal 13-year old girl, living a completely normal life. She goes to a completely normal school with her best friends, Miranda Sanchez and David "Gordo" Gordon. They help her in situations where she is stuck and needs help and depends on them. Her home life is completely stereotypical, with a nuclear family that consists of her gnome-loving dad, Sam; level-headed mom, Jo; and bratty younger brother, Matt. The series follows Lizzie McGuire, a thirteen-year-old girl who faces the regular personal and social issues of teenage years alongside her best friends, Miranda and Gordo, at junior high. Episodes depict Lizzie's transition into adolescence at home and school, including the friends' rivalry with their classmate, Kate, and affections for Ethan. Lizzie tries to develop her own identity, but is also attracted to the idea of popularity at school and longs for social acceptance among her peers. Lizzie shares a close relationship with her family: her mother, Jo; her father, Sam; and her younger brother, Matt. Lizzie's inner thoughts and emotions are conveyed sporadically in the episodes through her animated persona, who sometimes speaks directly to the audience. Fifteen years later, Lizzie is turning thirty years old and living in an apartment in Brooklyn, New York City. Lizzie works as an apprentice to an interior decorator, and is engaged to a man who owns a restaurant in SoHo, Manhattan. Lizzie is forced to leave Brooklyn and return to Los Angeles after she receives significant news. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Touched by an Angel (19942003)Summaries Monica (Roma Downey), Tess (Della Reese), and Andrew (John Dye) are a trio of angels sent to Earth to tell depressed and troubled people that God loves them and hasn't forgotten them. Angels are dispatched from heaven to inspire people who are at crossroads in their lives. Monica (Roma Downey), an angel who at times still needs some guidance with her Earthly assignments, reports to Tess (Della Reese), her tough, wise, and always loving supervisor. Joining them is Andrew (John Dye), who, in addition to his duties as the Angel of Death, helps out as a caseworker on various assignments. The angels may not bring answers to every problem, but they always deliver a message of hope. DANIEL It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Staircase (1998 TV Movie)Summaries A small chapel's choir loft survives incomplete with no staircase, until one day a mysterious drifter, with a background in carpentry, arrives in town. The sisters of the legendary Loretto Chapel in Santa Fe, New Mexico have lived for years with an unfinished choir loft, until one day a mysterious drifter (Petersen) arrives in town (just passing through), and is hired by the Reverend Mother (Hersey) to complete the work. peanutlee33 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Strong Medicine (20002006)Summaries Tough female doctors treat an exclusively female clientele at the Rittenhouse Women's clinic, tackling female-centric issues and trying to make the world a better place in a male-dominated society. Dr. Luisa Delgado ran the South Philly Women's Clinic so that poor women could get the medical help they needed. Dr. Dana Stowe did medical research on cancer to help women. Together they now run a women's clinic at Philadelphia's Rittenhouse Hospital to help all women. Dr. Jekyll It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 