nm0005294:

 Friday (1995)761) It's Friday, and Craig and Smokey must come up with $200 they owe a local bully or there won't be a Saturday. It is Friday and Craig Jones (Ice Cube) is unemployed, having been fired yesterday. This has lead to trouble with Smokey's (Chris Tucker's) supplier, Big Worm (Faizon Love), who now wants his money, or his product back, or Smokey is a dead man. Then there's Deebo (Tommy "Tiny" Lister, Jr.), the local bully, plus Craig's jealous, psychotic girlfriend, Joi (Paula Jai Parker), and Debbie (Nia Long), the neighbor Craig has a crush on. A lot can happen while lounging around your house on a Friday. grantss An African-American family wake up one Friday morning and get ready for an average Friday of work and school. Craig gets a call from his former girlfriend, abusing him and accusing him of going out with another woman. He gets out of his bed, angry and frustrated, and goes and gets cereal, then his Dad says the all famous line: "Every time I come in the kitchen, you in the kitchen. In the goddamn refrigerator. Eatin' up all the food. All the chitlins - All the pigs' feet - All the collard greens - All the hog maws. I wanna eat them chitlins - I like pigs' feet". Craig's friend Smokey puts his head through the window and they sit on the front porch and start making conversation. They Perve on the local mothers and neighbors. They see the local bully, Deebo, and hide all their valuables. Deebo talks Smokey into helping him break into his next door neighbor's house. After that the boys get high. They then get shot at by some people that Smokey owes money to. They finally leave and they see the girl that Craig wants getting hit by the bully. So he pulls a gun out on the bully to scare him, this doesn't work, so hit hits him over the head with a brick and then he gets knocked out, the movie ends. A lot can happen between Thursday and Saturday - Before the sun sets, Craig must get his friend out of trouble, find a new job so his parents don't evict him, escape his girlfriend long enough to capture a new woman's heart and survive a climatic confrontation with the neighborhood menace. Craig Jones (Ice Cube) and Smokey (Chris Tucker) are two guys in Los Angeles, California hanging out on their porch on a Friday afternoon, smoking and looking for something to do. Encounters with neighbors and other friends over the course of the day and night, and their ensuing antics, make up the rest of the movie. Having just been canned from his job on his day off, Craig Jones (Ice Cube) and his best friend Smokey (Chris Tucker) spend the day smoking up in their South Central neighborhood while dealing with a neighborhood bully, relationship troubles, an angry drug dealer, and a lot of other odd characters. mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On Friday in South Central Los Angeles, Craig (Ice Cube) has recently been fired from his job while attempting to collect his wages, as he was allegedly caught on camera stealing packages, although he claims innocence. Exacerbating his dilemma, his father, Mr. Jones (John Witherspoon), attempts to persuade Craig to join him in becoming a dog catcher, threatening to kick him out if he doesn't find a job. All the while, Craig has been eyeing pretty neighbor Debbie (Nia Long), but his insanely jealous girlfriend Joi (Paula Jai Parker) is a formidable obstacle. Meanwhile, Craig's best friend, Smokey (Chris Tucker), has also been smoking a brokered consignment of marijuana, which he was supposed to be selling for the psychopathic drug dealer Big Worm (Faizon Love). Throughout the day, friends and local neighborhood characters pass through, such as the harmless but always-scheming crackhead and petty thief Ezal (Anthony Johnson); the unkempt, perpetual crackhead/moocher Felisha (Angela Means), who is also Debbie's sister; lascivious Pastor Clever (Bernie Mac), who has a brief sex affair with sultry parishioner Mrs. Parker (Kathleen Bradley), before being unexpectedly interrupted by her infuriated, diminutive dwarf husband (Tony Cox); Shana (Terri J. Vaughn), a friend of Craig's sister Dana (Regina King); and Hector (Demetrius Navarro), a well-known stoner who rides around the neighborhood in a lowrider. There's also package-delivery driver Red (DJ Pooh), Craig's former coworker, whose stolen bicycle and black eye are courtesy of the hulking neighborhood bully Deebo (Tommy Lister, Jr.). The latter and Smokey break into the house of Stanley (Ronn Riser), Craig's next door neighbor, and both steal $200, which Deebo keeps for himself. As Big Worm is making his rounds, he stops through the neighborhood in an Ice Cream Truck to collect his money from Smokey. In an attempt to explain his obvious lack of revenue, Smokey inadvertently incriminates Craig, subjecting both to Big Worm's wrath. Big Worm has had enough of Smokey "playing with his emotions" and warns him to collect either the $200 dollars no later than 10:00 that evening, or he and Craig will be killed. Craig, although infuriated that Smokey incriminated him, reluctantly agrees to help his friend . Craig's first attempt is to borrow the money from his girlfriend, Joi, but after another run in with Felisha, he is unsuccessful. Craig has a serious moment with Smokey, because the latter doesn't understand the severity of Big Worm's threat. He goes into his house to receive the gun he bought, but his father eventually learns of the plan, and tells Craig that he should use his hands instead of guns to resolve his problems, all while telling his son the story of how Mr. Jones' brother lost his life due to gun violence. Craig ponders on this thought and eventually goes back outside, where Smokey makes a marijuana transaction with Hector (after Craig has to remind him of what's at stake). Suddenly, Deebo comes back around to hassle the duo and Red, who at this point gets his chain snatched. Later on, the two plan how they are going to get Big Worm's money. By then, Rita (Yvette Wilson), a girl Debbie had set Smokey up with earlier on the phone, arrives. Smokey approaches her car with confidence until he finds out that she lied about her image; instead of resembling Janet Jackson like she said, she is fat and practically bald. Meanwhile, Craig attempts to borrow money from Dana, who doesn't give him the money but informs their father of Big Worm's threat. He then attempts to borrow money from his mother, but she doesn't feel comfortable with loaning him anything since he just lost his job the previous day. Angered that Debbie tricked him, Smokey heads to her house and confronts her, before noticing Red's bike on the lawn, and inquiring on why Deebo is there, to which Debbie informs that he's asleep with Felisha. Smokey - upon seeing an opportunity - sneaks into Felisha's room and tries to retrieve the money that he and Deebo stole from Stanley's house earlier, but he's interrupted by Ezal, who unintentionally wakes Deebo up, leaving both men having to escape empty-handed. Smokey enlists Craig's help to go back and try again, but at that moment, Deebo rides Red's bike past them. Smokey decides to give up as nothing seems to be going their way, but right before they can go back to their houses, Lil Chris tries to scare and taunt them, trying to speed away on his bike - he is unsuccessful and Smokey whips him with a belt, getting revenge for all the times he's knocked their trashcans over. The two notice a black car driving up slowly and they hide, suspecting a possible drive-by shooting. Scared, they settle back into Craig's room for an hour, trying to get in touch with Big Worm. As paranoia kicks in, Smokey makes one last attempt to contact the dealer, but is interrupted by Mr. Jones, as he was informed by Dana about the situation at hand - after he shoos them (Smokey in particular) out, they decide to go back outside to prove they are not scared. Once outside, they notice a van parked in the middle of the street with its headlights off - Big Worm's men, who start shooting at them. Quickly, the duo flees the scene hides in the bed of a truck to remain safe. Craig's parents and their neighbors come out of their houses after hearing the gunshots, with Dana being particularly worried, asking the neighbors the whereabouts of her brother and Smokey. Debbie then confronts Deebo for assaulting Felisha, after Deebo falsely accuses Felisha of Smokey's attempted theft. Deebo eventually assaults Debbie, as Craig and Smokey arrive. Angered that Deebo has assaulted Debbie, Craig stands up to him, and threatens him with his gun. Deebo scoffs at the threat, and Mr. Jones encourages Craig to put the gun down and fight with his hands. Shortly after, Craig and Deebo fight. After nearly losing, Craig wins by using various objects as weapons (such as a brick and a trash can) and knocks Deebo off. As Debbie tends to Craig, Smokey steals back the money he was robbed of earlier and flees the scene. Red punches Deebo to make sure he doesn't wake up, and retrieves his stolen chain and bicycle, while Ezal steals Deebo's shoes. Craig and Debbie agree to meet up the following day and Craig breaks up with Joi on the phone. Craig has seemingly overcome all of the day's tribulations, save for finding employment. Later that night, Smokey settles with Big Worm, who explains that he had to warn Smokey too many times about his money and that it was all about the principle of handling business. Smokey rebuffs, telling Big Worm to sell the weed himself the next time, as he announces that he is giving up drug dealing and going to rehabilitation. After hanging up, Smokey looks up, lights a joint, and closes the movie by breaking the fourth wall and telling the audience, "I was just bullshittin'! And you know this, man!" 
 Phone Booth (2002)761) Publicist Stuart Shepard finds himself trapped in a phone booth, pinned down by an extortionist's sniper rifle. Unable to leave or receive outside help, Stuart's negotiation with the caller leads to a jaw-dropping climax. Stu Shepard is a fast talking and wise cracking New York City publicist who gets out of trouble and lies with his clever charm, connections, and charisma. Stu's greatest lie is to his wife Kelly, who he is cheating on with his girlfriend, Pam. Upon answering a call in a phone booth in belief it is Pam, Stu is on the line with a dangerous yet intelligent psychopath with a sniper rifle. When realizing it is not a joke, Stu is placed in a powerful mind game of wits and corruption. The New York City Police eventually arrive thereafter and demand Stu comes out of the phone booth- but how can he when if he hangs up or leaves the booth he will die? commanderblue Stu Shepard is an arrogant publicist who thinks he has the whole world in his hands. Every day he uses the same phone booth to call the woman he is cheating on his wife with. But on the last day, before this particular phone booth is demolished, the phone rings. Stu naturally answers the phone, only to find the caller on the end is an invisible sniper who knows everything on Stu, including his relationships. The caller now has Stu as his hostage, who demands he comes clean with his wife. FilmFanUK After answering a phone call, a dishonest and arrogant N.Y. publicist finds himself trapped in a phone booth and being held hostage by a mysterious but dangerous blackmailer sniper, who demands him to admit his dishonest attitudes with his wife and with the people of his day-to-day. MadMovieManiac Stuart hasn't been totally honest. In fact, he's about the most dishonest man you'll meet. Everyday, at the same time, he goes to a phone booth in NYC to call his girlfriend, so that his wife can't trace the phone call. Today is no longer just an ordinary day. Now, someone's calling him, leaving his life on the line. Mac The Movieguy A fiendish publicist finds himself being held hostage in a phone booth by an extreme moralist who watches his victim's every move through the scope of his high-power sniper rifle, while speaking to the publicist via the phone booth. The caller prides himself on using force to punish corrupt people by forcing them to admit all of their lies and sins through mental games, or killing them. At the same time, he eliminates other people as well; everyday people who are guilty of brutal dishonesty and/or corruption, such as a murderous street pimp and a pushy pizza man (all of which, if you look hard enough in the film, have a guilt link). The caller himself is corrupt, and uses it defeat other corruption. It is evil fighting evil in the phone booth. Flotis Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Stu Shepard (Colin Farrell) is an arrogant New York City publicist who is contemplating cheating on his wife Kelly (Radha Mitchell). He calls Pam (Katie Holmes), a young actress, from a phone booth on a side street. When a delivery man (Dell Yount) tries to deliver a free pizza to the booth, Stu rudely dismisses him. After the phone call with Pam, the phone rings and Stu answers it. The caller (voice of Kiefer Sutherland), says that Stu should have accepted the pizza as it would have "kept his strength up for what comes next". He warns Stu not to leave the booth. Stu, again dismissive, is skeptical toward the mystery caller. The caller says that he will say 'hi' to Kelly for him, then hangs up, leaving Stu visibly concerned. The unseen man calls back and reveals that he had previously setup two other dishonest individuals in a similar situation, where he gave them a chance to redeem themselves but since both refused he had to kill them. One was a pedophile, and the other was a business executive who used inside information to cash in his stock options before the company share price collapsed (and refused the caller's request to share the proceeds with regular investors who got burned on that stock). The caller tells Stu that he must tell Kelly and Pam the truth: that he is cheating. The man calls Pam, puts Stu on speakerphone, and he tells her that Stu is married and does not want anything with Pam except to sleep with her. He then tells Stu to call his wife and tell her the truth, or else he will. Angrily, Stu does so. Before he has a chance to tell Kelly the truth, Stu is distracted by three prostitutes who want to use the phone. The prostitutes become hostile due to Stu's refusal to leave the booth, and they start banging against the glass. Stu becomes agitated and finally hangs up on his wife and yells at the prostitutes to leave him alone. As the three girls leave, the man calls and warns Stu that if he hangs up again, he will shoot him. Stu does not believe him but is convinced when the man cocks his rifle. Stu gets scared, warning him that if he shoots, the cops will arrive. However, the sniper proves him to be wrong by shooting a toy robot next to the booth without anyone noticing. The caller continues to mock Stu's faith that the caller is not capable. The situation escalates further when the prostitutes and their pimp, Leon (John Enos III), approach the booth and demand that Stu leave. Terrified that he will be shot, Stu refuses. The impasse between Stu and Leon escalates to the point of Leon breaking into the booth with a bat and attacking Stu. The sniper tells Stu he can help him and Stu says "yes". Leon is shot in the back by the sniper, horrifying the prostitutes, who accuse Stu. The police arrive and Stu is instantly the suspect. He doubts that they will find any evidence to suggest his guilt to the murder, but later finds out the sniper has planted a gun in the phone booth's roof, on top of the light panel that could be used as evidence in Leon's murder. Captain Ed Ramey (Forest Whitaker) arrives tries to negotiate with Stu to exit the booth but he says he cannot get off the call and he is talking to his "psychiatrist". Multiple news vans arrive, and reporters begin filming the situation, putting pressure on the police to deal with the situation without appearing trigger-happy. The caller continues to taunt Stu by telling him to take hold of the planted gun, or he would "Blow him (Ramey) Away!" but Stu refuses, knowing the police will likely shoot him. Kelly arrives at the scene and the sniper makes Stu confess to her about his infidelity, which Stu does. The man asks Stu to choose between Pam and Kelly, threatening to kill one of them to eliminate further temptation. The unseen caller tells Stu that there are policemen right now trying to tap into the call, but will never succeed as the caller has taken precautions to avoid it. Stu pleads with the sniper while at the same time using his cell phone to call Kelly, who secretly informs Captain Ramey of the sniper's presence when Ramey hears the conversation. Stu confesses his bad character to the crowd, telling his unpaid assistant, Adam (Keith Nobbs), who looks up to Stu, not to become a publicist and admitting his $2,000 watch is a fake, like himself. Stu explains he grew up in the Bronx and he wanted to put his past behind him by buying expensive clothes. He is also not as rich as he seems. The police finally track down the sniper by tracing the call the sniper made to Kelly, and Ramey tells Stu through a cryptic message that they have done so. Stu informs the sniper that the cops are coming to get him and the now enraged sniper chooses to take Kelly with him, seeing as she is the most important thing in his life. Panicked, Stu takes the planted gun, runs out of the booth and yells, "it's me you want!" Stu is shot and falls down just as police break into a hotel room, discovering a dead body, a phone, and a sniper rifle. It is then revealed that Stu had been hit by a rubber bullet from a police sniper, leaving him relatively unharmed. Kelly runs over and kisses Stu who is still on the ground. The police wheel the body they found in the hotel room down onto the street, and Kelly insists on seeing the sniper's body. Stu identifies the body as the pizza delivery man. Stu is recovering under morphine in an ambulance which makes him drowsy. A man carrying a large suitcase walks up to him, and compliments his shoes. The man says that he regrets killing the pizza deliverer and warns Stu that if his newfound honesty does not last, he will be hearing from him again. He walks away and smiles as he passes the phone booth, revealing himself to be the caller. Stu falls unconscious. The caller, now the narrator, says, "Isn't it funny? You hear a phone ring, and it could be anybody...but a ringing phone has to be answered, doesn't it?" The view goes from an aerial view of the city way into space with a satellite passing by turning to black with a ring once again, and the film ends with a man answering, "Hello?" The murderous caller has apparently resumed his crusade to rid the world of wrongdoers. 
 Hustle & Flow (2005)431) With help from his friends, a Memphis pimp in a mid-life crisis attempts to become a successful hip-hop emcee. Aspiring emcee DJay works the angles to get his first record made with help from assorted people in his Memphis 'hood. And when he hears that hip-hop superstar Skinny Black is heading to his area, he throws together a supreme hustle to grab Skinny's attention. IMDb Editors An aspiring emcee from the Dirty South who is trying to make it in the hip-hop world has to deal with many different types of people who try to bring him down, including strippers, his baby's mama, and all the things that try to keep a player down. This is probably his last chance to make it: he is approaching his 40s, and his life is looking downhill. Nick Ellis Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. DJay (Terrence Howard) is a streetwise hustler and Memphis pimp with a stable of 3 girls, Shug (Taraji Henson) who is pregnant and not working, Lexus (Paula Jai Parker) who works in a strip club, and Nola (Taryn Manning) who works out of DJay's old beat-up car in a back alley. Even with two girls working and DJay selling dirt-weed on the side, it is hard for them to make ends meet. The utility company is about to shut off their utilities, if they don't pay the bill. DJay feels that he has hit rock bottom, and he needs a change in his life. A bum trades him a Casio keyboard for some weed, and DJay takes it home. While playing the keys, DJay gets an inspiration to write rap music. He begins to write down his pimping style raps, his flow, in a little notebook while Nola is turning tricks. DJay runs into Key (Anthony Anderson), an old friend and sound engineer, who takes him to a church choir performance that reaches DJay's soul. DJay looks inside his soul and decides to get out of the business, and now he has a dream of becoming a rapper. DJay teams up with Key to make a demo song. Skinny Black (Ludacris) is a platinum selling rapper about to return to Memphis for the 4th of July. DJay believes he can hustle Skinny to hear his tape, and his dream will come true. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) ----------------------- A Memphis pimp attempts to launch a career as a rapper. 
 High Crimes (2002)321) A successful lawyer's husband is arrested for murdering 9 villagers in El Salvador in 1988 as US soldier under a different name. She defends him in military court and investigates. Framed? High powered lawyer Claire Kubik finds her world turned upside down when her husband, who she thought was Tom Kubik, is arrested and is revealed to be Ron Chapman. Chapman is on trial for a murder of Latin American villagers while he was in the Marines. Claire soon learns that to navigate the military justice system, she'll need help from the somewhat unconventional Charlie Grimes; meanwhile, Claire's sister, Jackie, is falling in love with wet-behind-the-ears Lieutenant Embry assigned as the official defense lawyer. And most of the eyewitnesses have rather too conveniently died. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Claire Kubik (Ashley Judd) is happily married to her husband, Tom [Jim Calviezel]. The movie opens with her having sex and becoming pregnant. Claire is a high profile lawyer who is pretty famous. While Claire and Tom are strolling along the street, a SWAT team swoops down on them and takes Tom away. He is charged with murder while serving in the army. Apparently, three American students were killed in a cafe in El Salvador. A terrorist was suspected of the killings, and Kubik's battalion was sent to a remote village where the terrorist may have been hiding. Their search was fruitless; but, apparently, a soldier lost his cool and killed nine civilians. The Government is accusing Kubik. Claire has no experience in a military tribunal, so she enlists the services of Charles Grimes (Morgan Freeman). Tom Kubik claims another member of the platoon named Hernandez shot the civilians in a fit of rage and convinced the rest of the platoon to lie and say he (Tom) did it. Grimes tracks down another former member of the platoon and gets him drunk. Grimes tapes the ex-soldier admitting he was bribed into accusing Kubik. The tape is not allowed in court because the man mysteriously vanishes. Apparently, there is a huge conspiracy because many of Claire's associates are attacked many times during the course of the movie, and Claire is attacked by a Mexican man. Claire confronts the Mexican man and he tells the real story: Hernandez threw the bomb into the cafe because the head terrorist was really there and was really killed. The Army didn't know there were Americans in the cafe. As a cover-up, the Army claimed the head terrorist did it and sent in the platoon to look for the terrorist in that remote village. Clarie verifies this because Hernandez had a patch in his eye from when the Mexican dude claimed Hernandez got cut from the debris from the blast. Medical records prove this. Later, for some reason not known, the case is just thrown out. Apparently, Grimes has dug up some dirt and found out that two witnesses were murdered in Texas and Mexico. Tom happened to be in both towns on the days of the murders. We then learn that Tom was also involved in this whole conspiracy. That blew me away because all this time, they were trying to prosecute him... Tom finds out that Claire found out about him attacks her, and Mexican dude comes in at last second to save her. End of movie. 