nm0011772:

 Lawnmower Man 2: Beyond Cyberspace (1996)321) After the destruction of Virtual Space Industries at the end of the first film, Jobe is discovered in the rubble and is brought to the facilities of Jonathan Walker (Kevin Conway), a powerful corporate tycoon, where his face is reconstructed and he is hooked back online through virtual reality to work for Walker. Several years later, in a dystopian Los Angeles, Peter Parkette (Austin O'Brien), is now a teenager and a computer hacker living in the subways with a group of runaway teenagers after the events of the first film. Jobe finds Peter online and asks him to find Benjamin Trace (Patrick Bergin), the founder of virtual reality. After finding Trace and bringing him to his hideout, Peter discovers Jobe is looking to start a new world order, using Walker's technology. Now, Trace, Peter, Trace's former lover Cori (Ely Pouget), and Peter's friends, are on a race against time to stop Jobe and Walker from enslaving humanity through virtual reality. Jobe is resuscitated by Jonathan Walker. He wants Jobe to create a special computer chip that would connect all the computers in the world into one network, which Walker would control and use. But what Walker doesn't realize is a group of teenage hackers are on to him and out to stop his plan. AC Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Moments after the blast in part one, Jobe is found by a group of scientists led by Jonathan Walker, who are aware of his abilities and nurse him back to help in order to use his power for world domination. Fast forward seven years, where Los Angeles is seen as post apocalyptic, Jobe has become Walker's guiena pig, but Jobe has other plans. A now 16-year-old Peter Parkette is now a computer hacker and lives underground with his girlfriend Jade, her brother Travis and their friend Sean. When Jobe finds Peter in virtual reality, he uses Peter to bring a disgraced scientist named Dr. Benjamin Trace to him so that he can finish the chyron chip. When Peter finds Trace, and Jobe betrays them, Trace, Peter, Peter's friends and Trace's old flame must work together and stop Jobe he is trying to be a God in cyberspace. 
 Congo (1995)431) When an expedition to the African Congo ends in disaster, a new team is assembled to find out what went wrong. A megalomaniacal C.E.O. sends his son into the dangerous African Congo on a quest for a source of diamonds large enough and pure enough to function as powerful laser communications transmitters (or is it laser weapons?). When contact is lost with his son and the team, his sometime daughter-in-law is sent after them. She is a former C.I.A. operative and, accompanied by gee-whiz gadgetry and a few eccentric characters (including a mercenary, a researcher with a talking gorilla, and a nutty Indiana-Jones-type looking for King Solomon's Mines), sets out to rescue her former fianc. What they all discover is that often what we most want turns out to be the source of our downfall. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> In the Congo, Charles Travis (Bruce Campbell) is testing a communication system by laser with his former fiance Dr. Karen Ross (Laura Linney) for the TraviCom network. Charles is the son of the millionaire R.B. Travis (Joe Don Baker), who owns the TraviCom and is Karen's employer. Charles and his friend Jeffrey Weems (Taylor Nichols) find the ruins of a lost city, but are somehow killed. Meanwhile, their camp is completely destroyed and then the camera is shut down by a creature. Travis discloses to Karen that his son was actually trying to find a rare blue diamond in the Congo and sends her to look for him. Meanwhile, Dr. Peter Elliot (Dylan Walsh) and his assistant Richard (Grant Heslov) are testing communication with the gorilla Amy (Misty Rosas), and they decide to take her back to the Congo, since the animal seems to miss her birthplace. However, they have funding issues, but Romanian philanthropist Herkermer Homolka (Tim Curry) offers to financially assist them. In the airport, Karen provides more money and joins the expedition. In the politically unstable Africa, they meet experienced guide Captain Munroe Kelly (Ernie Hudson), who bribes Captain Wanta (Delroy Lindo), to let them go. Further, he discloses that Homolka's real intention is to find the Lost City of Zinj. Then they embark in a plane in the beginning of a dangerous adventure in the Congo. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A telecommunications company--TraviCom--is run by a paranoid, hot-headed tyrant(Joe Don Baker). In a quest for a powerful 10.000 channel laser, he sends his son Charlie into the Congo region of Africa to retrieve a raw flawless diamond to power the laser, While reporting via Satlink, the camp is filled with dead bodies--the last image seen from Charlie's cam is that of a mutant gorilla before it goes black. Travis sends Dr. Ross(Laura Linney) to investigate, as she was Charlie's fiance.It becomes obvious that Travis' interest is for the diamond and not for his son, but Dr. Ross promises Travis will pay if she is only going for the diamond and not Charles. Enter Dr. Elliott(Dylan Walsh) who taught a gorilla(Amy) to talk using voice activated sign language invented for deaf-mute people. His assistant Richard(Grant Heslov) is noticing Amy's mental decline, which supposedly occurs in captive gorillas. Dr. Elliott wants to return Amy to the Congo, but can not afford the trip. A Romanian philanthropist--Mr. Homolka(Tim Curry) offers to pay, as drawings Amy painted have a symbol that he is interested in. Mr.Homolka's funds fall through on the day the plane is loading and Laura Linney appears in the nick of time to fund Amy's return. The flight to Africa is interesting as we find Amy drinks alcohol (wants "green drop drink"--martini) and is jealous of Laura Linney. Landing in Africa, the team is met by Eddie Ventro(Joe Pantoliano) and Monro Kelly(Ernie Hudson) with enough technogadgets and arms to start an incursion into a foreign land. While attempting to exit the airport, the group is discovered by Captain Wanta(Delroy Lindo) and demands a bribe to exit. It is found that Dr. Ross has plenty of cash and was an operative for the CIA. It is also found Tim Curry is after King Solomon's diamond Mines in the lost city of Zinge, and the image Amy was drawing is from King Solomon's Mines.As their plane goes into Zaire air space, they are fired upon, hit and damaged and have to exit via parachute. While reporting a Sit rep to Travis, Dr. Ross is told by Travis that his primatologists identified the gorilla seen before Charlie's camera as a new species of gray gorilla. Just then Amy knocks over the Satlink destroying it, leaving Travis to believe another gorilla attack, and sends another plane to find the diamond. The group meets the "Ghost tribe" while camping, who state there is a dead white man in the forest with the symbol of TraviCom on his shirt. The ghost tribe have several levels of dead and Dr.Ross identifies Bob Driscoll(John Hawkes), a member of Charlie's party. Bob awakens and sees Amy crawling towards him, begins to scream and dies of fright. The team travels further into the Congo and is attacked by Hippos as well as snakes.The team sees Travis' second plane shot down. After camping one evening, the team awakens to the loss of porters and is unsure of where to go--the proverbial fork in the road. The decision is made to follow Amy as she has the 'conviction' and 'passion' to go home. The region of the Congo they are in is geothermically unstable. Amy meets a group of Silverback gorillas and is snubbed leading Dr.Ross to believe Amy doesn't belong anywhere. The team finds the perimeter of Charlie's camp. yet can't find the bodies or equipment. Investigation reveals the lost city of Zinge with King Solomon's Mines. Hieroglyphics state "we are watching you" over and over again. Richard remains behind and is attacked. He runs to the group beaten and bloodied followed by a mutant gorilla. As Richard dies, Homolke states the legend of the killer ape is true. Camp is set like a scene from Predator, with lasers and machine pistols. The mutants attack, and if not for the overwhelming firepower, the group would have been killed. The following morning, Homolke is gone as well as Amy.Looking further, the team finds Homolke at the diamond mine. He is warned not to touch the diamonds, but he starts to retrieve them. The mutants surround him and kill him and attack the team. There is no way out and Peter is taken by the mutants. Just as they are to kill him, Amy appears and protects him. Ross finds Charlie dead, the diamond and laser in his hand. She gets the laser working and 'cuts' her way out, giving the team a chance to escape. Amy joins the Silverbacks and Ross uses the SatCom from the second plane to let Travis know his son is dead. He is more interested in the diamond. Ross then aims the laser at the satellite and fries it, destroying Travis' cash cow. Peter, Ross and Monro leave with a hot air ballon and Ross asks Peter to toss the Diamond. He does to Monro's"ouch" and the wind takes them away........ 
 Fortress of Amerikkka (1989)Summaries Story of a criminal rebel planing revenge against corrupted sheriff and crazy general, who is controlling secret militia called "Fortress of Amerikkka". It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 North (1994)44) Sick of the neglect he receives from his mom and dad, a young boy leaves home and travels the world in search of new parents. Eleven-year-old North has had it with his parents. They are always busy with their careers and don't give North the attention he needs, so he files a lawsuit against them. The judge rules that North should either find new parents or return to his own parents within two months. Thus North starts off on a hilarious journey around the world to find the parents that really care about him. Peter Huiskes <huiskes@westbrabant.net> An adolescent named North excels in almost everything he does, and as such is appreciated by everyone he knows, that is seemingly except his parents, who are too absorbed in their own individual lives to pay North any attention. That neglect by his parents leads to North starting to suffer in all his activities. Feeling that there is a more supportive life for him somewhere else, North, with the support of his best friend Winchell and ambulance chasing lawyer Arthur Belt, goes about legally divorcing himself from his parents. The judge's July 1 ruling is that he is giving North the ability to do so, but that he must be in the arms of his chosen parents by 12:00 Labor Day, or else be sent to live in an orphanage. So North travels the globe auditioning one set of potential parents after another, learning life lessons along the way, usually with a guardian angel looking out for him, that angel who first appeared to North in the form of a shopping center Easter bunny. As North discards those potential parents one after another, he is unaware of what is happening back at home, where Winchell, with Bent by his side, is working on his own agenda, blocking North's parents from contacting him, the result possibly being to relegate North to an orphanage for the remainder of his minor life. Huggo Have you ever wondered what your life would be like if you had different parents? A boy named North did, and this is his story. Unhappy that his parents pay no attention to him or his talents, the child prodigy, aided by his friend Winchell and ambulance-chasing lawyer Arthur Belt, legally "divorces" himself from his parents. Surprisingly, the judge rules in his favor on July 1, but if he doesn't find new parents or return to his old ones by noon on Labor Day, he will be sent to an orphanage. Thus, North embarks on a worldwide quest to find the perfect parents who will appreciate him for who he is, not realizing that Winchell and Belt are looking to sabotage him and ruin his potentially happy ending. asbwtw It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 