nm0004968:

 Clear and Present Danger (1994)651) CIA Analyst Jack Ryan is drawn into an illegal war fought by the US government against a Colombian drug cartel. Jack Ryan is back and this time the bad guys are in his own government. When Admiral James Greer becomes sick with cancer, Ryan is appointed acting CIA Deputy Director of Intelligence. Almost before he can draw a breath in his new position, one of the president's closest friends and his family are murdered in their sleep by what appears to be drug cartels. Ryan is called in to investigate, but unknown to him the CIA has already sent a secret field operative to lead an illegal paramilitary force in Colombia against the cartels. Things get even more complicated when his team is set up and he loses an agent in the field and a friend of his wife's, who was the murdered agent's secretary, is murdered that same day. Ryan must then risk not only his career, but his life to expose the truth behind the mystery. SindyMac Anti-narcotics drop a missile on the home of drug traffickers who are not inside; women and children also die. Jack Ryan investigates the type of weapons that lead back to US weapons and the traffickers discover through other people that the US has been attacking the home of traffickers in Colombia. Representatives connected to the narcos ask an American representative to annihilate the anti-narcos. "Everything is right or wrong," says Jack Ryan when he tries to find out who authorized the shooting. He finds out that it was the US president who authorized the CIA. Anti-narcos are isolated in communications and are massacred. Jack Ryan finds out and orders everything to be recorded. One of the infiltrators warns the captain that Ryan has discovered everything and ordered to close the satellite. The captain captures Ryan but when he understands he wants to help him he asks for a helicopter. They find a single survivor. Ryan reveals to Escobedo that Felis Cortez, who wanted to do business with the US government, betrayed him. Another narcos bursts in and kills the chief narcos and a sniper rescues Ryan from a distance then Captain Clark enters the room. They go to free the two prisoners who are in bad condition. Despite many difficulties they manage to escape in the helicopter. Ryan accuses the US president. luigicavaliere Jack Ryan, a CIA analyst, is thrust right in the middle of a power struggle within the Colombian drug cartel after one of the President's "life-long" friends is murdered, apparently in retaliation for stealing money as part of a money laundering scheme for the cartel. Jack is then appointed acting Deputy Director of Intelligence, CIA, upon the terminal illness of Admiral James Greer, former DDI, and quickly gets in over his head due to his political naivete. The situation rapidly deteriorates when some of the president's men convince the President to conduct covert actions against the cartel, in direct violation of congress. Felix Cortez, the security chief of Ernesto Escobedo, the "victim" of the missing money, is one of the cartel bosses. Cortez tries to play both sides, appearing to inform Escobedo about the CIA's involvement in the covert operations against him, while trying to orchestrate a coup to take over the cartel, with Cortez as its sole boss. James Cutter, the President's National Security Advisor, makes his own deal with Cortez, with the President's knowledge, and halts communications to the covert troops still in Colombia, through the Deputy Director of Operations, CIA, Robert Ritter. Ryan ends up going to Colombia to rescue the covet ops troops with the help of field agent, John Clark, but not before some fence mending between the two, seeing as Ritter blamed Ryan for the communication outage, with Clark's men subsequently being captured by Cortez's mercenaries. Bill Walch <TheWalchs@aol.com> When an American businessman who is a good friend of the President's is killed along with his entire family, the killings appear to be the work of a Colombian Drug Cartel. Upon hearing this, the President tells his National Security Adviser -- James Cutter-- that he wants him to start a Black Op against the Colombians. At the same time the President orders every agency to find out why his friend was killed. CIA Deputy Director James Greer, whom the President has asked for help as well, is in poor health, so he asks his protege -- Jack Ryan-- to fill in for him. Jack finds himself working with Robert Ritter (whom Greer has told him him not to trust) and Ritter is the very person Cutter has asked to handle the operation. Jack eventually finds out that the dead businessman may have been involved with the Colombians and may have been embezzling from them. When Ritter puts the plan into operation, the Colombians are wondering who is after them. So, the Cartel's intelligence man "Felix Cortez" tries to find out, while he is--at the same time-- plotting to assassinate Ernesto Escobedo (the head of the cartel) and take over the entire operation. When a CIA secretary, who had been seen with Cortez in D.C.turns up dead, Ryan becomes convinced that there is a three-way conspiracy afoot which might extend all the way to the White House. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An aggrieved first term President implicitly ("What I would suggest I cannot suggest") authorizes a secret military incursion into Columbia after a personal friend of his is killed by men connected to Ernesto Escobedo, leader of the Cali Cartel. Jack Ryan, temporarily promoted as Deputy Director of Intelligence at the CIA after Jim Greer is diagnosed with cancer is unintentionally mired in the scheme. He was tasked with securing the funding for the operation from Congress, even specifically promising no troops would be used despite that being (unbeknown to Ryan) the whole point of the operation. The military operation is initially successful, striking at drug refining facilities and shooting down drug running aircraft. After the President orders a large amount of laundered drug money seized, Felix Cortez, a former Castro official working as an intelligence officer for Escobedo, retaliates by assassinating a Presidential aide (from which Ryan himself narrowly escapes) sent to Columbia to discuss the seized funds with the Columbian government. After that, the operation is escalated and the US troops are ordered to begin assassinating cartel leaders themselves, who have met to assuage their own suspicions that each other are responsible for the strikes by US troops and avert a gang war. In response, Cortez figures out that American troops have been operating in Columbia and negotiates their betrayal with the President's National Security Advisor (Cutter) who orchestrated the unconstitutional operation. Meanwhile, Ryan has also caught on that something illicit is happening and catches the basic gist of the operation after breaking into a colleague's office computer at CIA. He is too late to prevent the betrayal of the US soldiers in Columbia who are captured after their exact location is given to Cortez and all air support and communications with them are cut off. Ryan personally returns to Columbia to organize a rescue operation, which he cobbles together with the help of a disgruntled CIA operative who had been involved in the military operation itself. Ryan returns to Washington DC, to reveal all details of the operation to Congress even after the President personally tries to entice him to remain silence with offers of future favours. 
 Crimson Tide (1995)651) On a U.S. nuclear missile sub, a young First Officer stages a mutiny to prevent his trigger happy Captain from launching his missiles before confirming his orders to do so. When some Russian rebels take control of some ICBM's, the Americans mobilize. Among the vessels sent is the nuclear sub, USS Alabama. But before they leave they need a new X.O. and among the choices is Commander Hunter, who hasn't seen much action. But the ship's Captain, Ramsey, OK's him. While on the way, there was an incident and Hunter disagreed with how Ramsey handled it. It's evident that Ramsey doesn't think much of Hunter because Hunter was college educated while Ramsey worked his way up. They're given orders to attack but when they were in the process of receiving another order, the ship's communications were damaged, so the entire message was not received. Ramsey decides to continue with their previous order while Hunter wants to reestablish contact first. That's when the two men butt heads that ends with Hunter relieving Ramsey. Later when some men die, some of the officers feel that Hunter is not up to the task so they team up to retake control. But Hunter has taken precautions. rcs0411@yahoo.com Instability in Russia results in the deployment of the the nuclear submarine Alabama. Russian rebels have taken over a nuclear missile site and are fueling them for a possible strike against the USA. Tensions run high undersea when the launch message is received, followed by an incomplete followup. Could the followup message have been to cancel the earlier orders? Rob Hartill As the Russian civil war gradually gets worse, the U.S. Navy gets activated. Fearing a nuclear fallout, upstart Commander Hunter and veteran Captain Ramsey along with several other naval officers aboard a nuclear missile submarine to avert the attack on the United States. But, due to some misunderstanding, Hunter and Ramsey begin to quarrel for command of the Submarine. John Wiggins In the near future, Russian rebels have taken over one of the ICBM bases in the USSR. Alarmed by the prospect of a rebel strike, the U.S. sends the USS Alabama, a nuclear ballistic missile submarine, to watch over the base and retaliate in case they launch. While on patrol, the submarine is attacked and the radio systems are knocked out, but after first receiving an emergency message from HQ to launch nuclear missiles at the rebels. A second emergency message received during the battle is only partially recovered. Captain Ramsey decides to carry out the first order to launch the missiles regardless while XO Hunter wants to wait for a successful receipt of the second message once the radio systems are repaired. The conflict escalates into mutiny as Ramsey and Hunter fight for control of the Alabama's nuclear missiles. Patrick McCormick <pmccormi@mit.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A rebel force has taken over nuclear missile launch sites near Vladivostok in Eastern Russia. The leader of the force, a radical Russian named Radchenko ( Daniel von Bargen ), threatens to launch the missiles he has seized. Radchenko's forces, about 60,000 strong, have also gained control of three Akula-class attack submarines to protect the shores off Vladivostok. The United States summons the officers and crew of the nuclear submarine Alabama, which is being dispatched to patrol the coast of eastern Russia. If necessary, the Alabama will be available to launch nuclear missiles to stop Radchenko's forces before they can launch their hijacked missiles. Commander Ron Hunter ( Denzel Washington ) of the US Navy is called into an interview with the Alabama's CO, Captain Ramsey ( Gene Hackman ). The Alabama's executive officer (XO) is ill and a replacement is needed. Ramsey is impressed with Hunter's service record and the two connect over horse riding. Ramsey's Jack Russell Terrier also seems to approve of Hunter. The situation in Vladivostok escalates and Hunter and his friend, Lt. "Weps" Ince ( Viggo Mortensen ), are called up for duty and leave immediately for the Alabama. Ramsey gives a stirring send-off speech and the boat puts to sea. Before they submerge, Ramsey and Hunter enjoy cigars while on watch on the conning tower. Ramsey is impressed with Hunter's ability to remain silent and not "explain away" the moment just before they submerge. At an officers' dinner, Ramsey and the crew pontificate about the threat of nuclear war. Ramsey is eager to know Hunter's views on the subject, especially since the XO has a degree in philosophy. Hunter states the the true nature of war is to serve itself and leave the world destroyed. Ramsey takes the opinion seriously although he seems to disagree with his XO. On patrol off the eastern coast of Russia, the Alabama runs drills. When a fire breaks out in the galley, Hunter rushes to help put the blaze out. At that moment, Ramsey orders a missile launching drill to be performed. Hunter is perturbed that Ramsey would order a drill in the midst of an emergency but reports to the bridge to oversee the transfer of coded transmissions and report to Ramsey. During a lull in the drill, Hunter informs the captain that the fire in the galley could flare up again but Ramsey dismisses him, concentrating on the drill. A report comes in from below decks; one of the crew has suffered a heart attack. Ramsey cancels the drill and goes below to check on the crew member, who has died. Ramsey orders Hunter into his cabin and reprimands him for trying to interrupt the drill. Hunter calmly counters that the fire needed more attention and that the captain's calling for a drill had jeopardized the safety of the boat. Ramsey tells the XO that confusion aboard a submarine is something to be taken advantage of. Hunter still obviously disagrees, however, he chooses not to say so. The Alabama receives an emergency action message (EAM) informing them that Radchenko is very close to breaking the codes for missile launch and that the US defense readiness has been raised to DEFCON 3. Further patrols with the Alabama's crew on even higher alert will be necessary. A fight breaks out between a petty officer, Rivetti ( Danny Nucci ), and another man, Bennefield ( Eric Bruskotter ) over the origins of the Silver Surfer and Hunter breaks it up, telling Rivetti to act like a leader. Hunter reports to Ramsey about the altercation and the tension amongst the crew over the their current state of readiness. Ramsey announces to the crew over the boat's PA system that infighting will not be tolerated and the threat of war is of the utmost importance. In the sub's sonar cabin, Rivetti and his unit detect an enemy submarine, possibly one of the Akulas that Radchenko has command of. Ramsey orders him to identify the sub and orders an evasion maneuver to escape detection by the Akula. An EAM arrives seemingly ordering a launch of the Alabama's missiles. Ramsey orders the procedures for launch to be initiated. Another EAM comes in but the Alabama is too deep to receive it. Hunter requests that the sub's buoy be launched to receive the EAM. The buoy winch fails, causing noise and alerting the Akula to the Alabama's location. The Akula attacks with torpedoes. The Alabama successfully evades the torpedoes, one of which explodes very close, severing the buoy cable. The Alabama suffers minor damage, the Akula disappears from sonar and the buoy cable is severed, cutting off the EAM. Additionally, the radio equipment has suffered severe damage and no messages are going out or coming in. Ramsey and Hunter review the EAM, finding that the message doesn't contain any clear order. Hunter recommends that the Alabama surface to receive the rest of the message, but Ramsey refuses, saying it's too dangerous with the Akula still nearby. Ramsey intends to continue with the launch of his missiles, but Hunter quickly disagrees, saying the incomplete message could be a target package change or an order to cancel the launch. Ramsey counters saying that the message is not a complete order and not to be followed up upon and orders Hunter to repeat his command to launch. Hunter refuses under Navy regulations, citing the fact that Ramsey's order must be repeated for it to stand, concluding that the captain is acting irrationally. When Ramsey will not concur with Hunter, the XO orders Ramsey to be arrested and locked in his cabin. A hesitant Chief of the Boat concurs with the XO and has the captain detained. Hunter assumes command and informs the crew that they will still patrol, at the same state of readiness, and attempt to re-establish communications to verify the EAM. On sonar, the Akula reappears and attacks, launching torpedoes. Hunter orders an evasion plan and the Alabama avoids being hit. Hunter launches two more torpedoes which connect with their target and destroy the Akula. However, a last torpedo was launched by the Akula before it was destroyed and explodes very close to the Alabama. Propulsion is damaged and the bilge bay takes on water despite the efforts of several crew members to contain it. The men in the bilge bay drown when Hunter orders the bilge bay sealed. Meanwhile, the Alabama is sinking rapidly, approaching a depth of 1850 feet, where the intense water pressure will crush the hull. Propulsion is restored before the boat can be destroyed and the boat rises to a safe depth. Several of Ramsey's officers decide that Hunter is unfit for command and they plot a counter-mutiny to free Ramsey. They persuade Weps to join them and give them the key to the weapons locker to take the sub back by force. They free Ramsey, who follows the armed men back to the bridge where they arrest Hunter and the other officers who aided him in the mutiny. Ramsey assumes command and orders the launch to continue. While in detention, Hunter talks philosophically about the choice to launch nuclear missiles and start the destruction of the world. Rivetti, while walking between cabins, is stopped by the same man he fought with earlier. Rivetti is able to overpower the larger man and free Hunter and the other arrested officers. They make their way back to the bridge to stop Ramsey from launching. After a tense altercation in the weapons cabin which delays Ramsey long enough for Hunter to seize the master missile key, the two face off on the bridge. Ramsey hits Hunter in the face twice, demanding his missile key back. Communications reports that the radio is very close to being operational. Ramsey allows three minutes for the radio to operate again and receive another EAM. The two sit in the command center, awaiting the message. While they do, Ramsey lights a cigar and brings up the subject of horse riding again, saying that Lipizzaner stallions are from Portugal. Hunter tells the captain they're Spanish horses, born with a black color and turn white later in life. Ramsey still insists they're from Portugal. Rivetti reports that the EAM transmitter is fixed and that a new EAM is coming in. It's brought to the bridge and authenticated. When authenticated, the message is for the Alabama to stand down and cancel the launch of their missiles. Ramsey retires himself from the bridge and is saluted as he walks to his cabin. In Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, a general inquiry is called before the Pacific Fleet admiral ( Jason Robards ). Having reviewed the incident, he tells both Hunter and Ramsey that they both were right and wrong in their actions aboard the Alabama. Off the record, he admonishes both of them, saying they've done much to disrupt the traditional chain of command of the Navy. The admiral also announces, to Hunter's surprise, that Ramsey has filed for retirement. Hunter is further astonished when he hears that he is to be given a captain's commission aboard another submarine and that he came highly recommended by Ramsey himself. Outside Navy HQ, Ramsey is retrieving his dog from an ensign. He sees Hunter and tells him that he was right, about the Lipizzaner stallions being from Spain. The two smile and salute each other. 
 Training Day (2001)651) A rookie cop spends his first day as a Los Angeles narcotics officer with a rogue detective who isn't what he appears to be. In Los Angeles, a city where streets are overrun by drug dealers, those who have sworn to uphold the law are breaking them to clean up the streets. Denzel Washington plays L.A.P.D. detective Alonzo Harris, a veteran narcotics officer whose methods of enforcing the law are questionable, if not corrupt. 'Training Day' follows Harris as he trains rookie Jake Hoyt over a 24-hour period. Ethical dilemmas arise for Hoyt as well as the audience as questions present themselves as to whether or not Harris' methodology for ridding the streets of South Central Los Angeles of drugs is right or wrong. Anna <dimenxia@yahoo.com> A former Los Angeles security guard named Jake Hoyt has applied for a LAPD position as a Narcotics officer. However, in order to be accepted, he must go through approximately 24 hours of training from a veteran Narcotics officer. Unfortunately for Jake, he is appointed to Alonzo Harris, an officer who has a nasty reputation for not treating victims very well, abusing suspects, handling drugs and other evidence in a questionable matter, and opening fire randomly. So, Jake must watch his own back with Alonzo on this "Training Day". John Wiggins Today is Jake Hoyt's (Ethan Hawke) first day on the force. And the rookie cop's partner, the one who will be teaching him the tricks of the trade, is Alonzo Harris (Denzel Washington). Harris is one of the best detectives out there, but he's also one of the most unorthodox. While at first Jake thinks he has good intentions behind his questionable ethics, one particularly hasty "assignment" puts him in a unwanted position with Harris. In just one day, Jake realizes that Alonzo may not be the man he thought he was, and the two are eventually pitted in a showdown where only one man can make it out alive. Macroplanet Jake Hoyt wants to become a LAPD narc agent, stop narcs from selling drugs on the streets. But that might be hard as he works with LAPD narc agent Alonzo Harris for the next 24 hours. Alonzo is an LAPD veteran who has been working the narcs for over a decade, but his ways and techniques of becoming a narc agent are questionable, if not corrupt. As the 24 hours go by, Jake observes Alonzo's methods, and in the madness, Jake tries to solve all the twists and turns, trying to figure out who really is the enemy here. Training Day. Its a day of reckoning. Charles Lee <Chucklee2k1@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins as we see Jake Hoyt (Ethan Hawke) waking up on the 1st day of his new assignment as an undercover narcotics officer in the grittiest part of LA. The head of his unit is Alonzo Harris (Denzel Washington) who has 4 other men working for him. Today, Jake will be riding along with Alonzo so he can show him the streets, and see how young Jake performs under pressure. Jake meets Alonzo at a small coffee shop where Jake finds out quickly that Alonzo is a tough-talking, no-nonsense maverick narcotics officer. For the next few hours we are taken from the ghetto to the barrio, from drug dealers to rapists. We learn a lot about Alonzo's as he seems to know every bad person out there. He even lives with a girl in the ghetto with their son. In that particular neighborhood, behind his back, everyone hates Alonzo's abuse of authority. Alonzo also promises Jake that he can accelerate his promotion within the department. While driving past an alleyway, Jake sees a young girl about to be raped and yells at Alonzo to stop the car. He doesn't want to stop because that's not what he's there for. Jake jumps out of the car and rescues the girl but not before getting into a huge fight with the two men. Jake kicks theirs asses and as he consoles the girl, Alonzo shows up and tortures the two men briefly before sending them on their way. The girl hurriedly leaves and Jake finds her wallet on the ground and absently pockets it. Alonzo takes Jake to the house of an old friend of his, Roger, (Scott Glenn) who is a retired LAPD veteran but is now dealing drugs on the side. They share a drink together and a few laughs. Roger asks Alonzo about an incident that happened when Alonzo was recently on vacation in Las Vegas but Alonzo brushes it off, saying it's not a problem. Everywhere they go, Alonzo gets away with more money, or drugs by shaking down or just scaring the hell out of the bad guys. At one point Alonzo forces Jake to smoke PCP-laced marijuana, holding a pistol to his head and telling him that if Jake had been with a drug-dealer and refused, he'd be shot. It's obvious that Jake doesn't agree with what's going on but Alonzo explains to him that to protect the sheep, you need to kill the wolves and the only way to do that is to become a wolf. Jake smokes the weed and spends a few miles in a PCP-induced stupor. They go to a lunch meeting with some big-time LA judges but about all we can make out is that they aren't exactly the most law-abiding officials. They also ask Jake about Las Vegas and Alonzo reacts much the same way he did with Roger; he seems unconcerned. He asks the judges for a search warrant, which they grant him. Alonzo and Jake meet up with the other four members of the unit and, armed with the warrant, they storm into a small house. The house turns out to be Roger's, who has $4 million stashed away in the floorboards. Alonzo and his guys plan to divide up three million of the stash among themselves. Jake is very unsure of how the deal will go down. Back in Roger's living room, while they discuss their plan, Alonzo tells Jake to shoot Roger. Jake refuses and Alonzo does the deed himself, saying "it's not what you know, but what you can prove." The plan is to use one of Roger's guns to shoot Jeff (Peter Greene) in his Kevlar vest to make the act look like self-defense. When Jeff is shot, one of the bullets penetrates his vest and he angrily begs Alonzo to call for an ambulance. Jake suddenly grabs the shotgun and holds Alonzo and his crew off, telling them he won't play along. Alonzo gets Jake to back down when he tells him that a blood or urine test will show that Jake had used drugs. Jake backs down, back up and the paramedics arrive and the crime seems to go unquestioned. Back at Alonzo's car, Jake tells him that what just occurred was murder. Alonzo counters, saying that Roger dealt drugs to kids in his neighborhood and that since the money was dirty, it was theirs to keep. Alonzo seems to concede on one point; that Jake is still a rookie and needs time to accept Alonzo's dirty dealings. They head out to the barrio where Alonzo tells him he needs to give some goods to the family of one of his informants. There is a card game going on in the kitchen and Jake waits there while Alonzo goes into the bathroom. The owner of the house, Smiley (Cliff Curtis) opens the package that Alonzo left and has his sister count out the money that was inside. Jake sits down to play cards with Smiley and his guys and a brief discussion about Jake's sidearm takes place, an ploy for Smiley's buddy, Moreno (Noel Gugliemi) to get Jake's weapon away from him. Smiley then reveals that Alonzo left him behind and explains what happened in Las Vegas: allegedly a Russian gangster had been mouthing off to Alonzo until Alonzo lost his temper and beat the man to death. The gangster's bosses gave Alonzo an out: play them $1 million and they'd forget the incident. If Alonzo can't pay by midnight, he'll be hunted down and killed. Knowing that he's been set up by Alonzo, Jake desperately tries to fight his way out but Smiley and his guys take him down. They drag him into the bathroom and just as they're about to shoot him in the head, one of them decides to take his wallet first. Out of his pocket comes the pink wallet he recovered from the rape scene earlier that day. Smiley furiously asks Jake how he got the wallet; Jake tells him that he'd stopped his cousin Letty from being assaulted and raped earlier. Smiley calls Letty and she confirms Jake's story. Smiley decides to let Jake go as a solid for rescuing his cousin. Jake hops a bus and heads out to the worst part of South Central area where Alonzo is living and confronts him just as he is packing up his million to give to the Russians. For the next 10 minutes or so there is a shootout in the house, on the roof and in the streets of the neighborhood. Finally, Jake forces Alonzo to crash his car, temporarily knocking Alonzo out. Jake drags him from the car and holds him at gunpoint. When he recovers, he and Jake face each other in the street with all the gang members surrounding them. Alonzo offers to make whomever shoots Jake a "very rich man" but the gang members, tired of Alonzo's ego and control of them, refuse. Jake walks off with the money, leaving a shouting Alonzo to whatever fate awaits him. Alonzo gets into his car and drives towards the airport. His car is forced to a stop by a several vans and out jump the armed Russians who kill him in a hail of gunfire. When Jake arrives home we hear newscasts describing the killing of a highly-decorated narcotics officer who was gunned down while investigating drug trafficking at the airport. 
 Nash Bridges (19962001)Summaries A smart alecky San Francisco, California cop and his get rich quick scheme of a partner keep tabs on crime and take down the bad guys in the Bay Area. Nash (Don Johnson) is a smart-alecky police inspector, who's seen fighting crime on the streets of San Francisco, California, while driving around in his screaming yellow 1970ish Plymouth Hemi Barracuda. He's the typical super-cop on the beat, who always wins in the end. Unfortunately, his personal relationships leave much to be desired. He has two ex-wives, a sixteen-year-old daughter needing a lot of supervision, and a father with Alzheimer's disease who keeps getting kicked out of retirement homes and dropping by to visit. NASH-B Discussion List Moderators <nash-b-request@bayne.com> Nash Bridges (Don Johnson) is a celebrated veteran police officer, and head of the SIU Department of the San Francisco, California Police Department. With his best friend and partner for life Joe Dominguez (Richard Anthony "Cheech" Marin), and his loyal crew of law enforcement, they're the best of the best in taking down the crime that plagues the city. From powerful people of immense wealth right on down to scum at the bottom of the ladder, Bridges will take them down in his lifelong devotion to the law. But aside from his professional exploits, he's a divorced single father with a young teenage daughter ahead of her time, a father whose attitude refuses to confine himself to a nursing home, and relationships that never quite solidify because of his career. mystic80 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 