nm0006579:

 Star Trek: The Next Generation (19871994)Summaries Set almost 100 years after Captain Kirk's five-year mission, a new generation of Starfleet officers set off in the U.S.S. Enterprise-D on their own mission to go where no one has gone before. Set in the twenty-fourth century and seven to eight decades after the adventures of the original crew of the starship Enterprise, this new series is the long-awaited successor to Star Trek (1966) . Under the command of Captain Jean-Luc Picard, the all new Enterprise NCC 1701-D travels out to distant planets to seek out new life and to boldly go where no one has gone before. Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Quantum Leap (19891993)66) During a government experiment into time travel, a scientist finds himself trapped in the past, "leaping" into the bodies of different people on a regular basis and sorting out their problems whilst trying to get back home to his own time. Theorising that one could time travel within his own lifetime, Dr Sam Beckett stepped into the Quantum Leap Accelerator, and vanished. He awoke and found himself trapped in the past, facing mirror images that were not his own and driven by an unknown force to change history for the better. His only guide on this journey is Al, an observer from his own time, who appears in the form of a hologram that only Sam can see and hear. And so Dr Beckett finds himself leaping from life to life, striving to put right what once went wrong, and hoping each time that his next leap will be the leap home. Theorizing that a person could time-travel but only from within their own lifetime, Dr. Sam Beckett is hired by the Government and the Military to lead an elite group of scientists to develop a top-secret project which would only be known as "Quantum Leap". Setting up in an underground bunker in the New Mexico desert Beckett is pressured by the top military brass and government officials to prove his outlandish theories correct or lose the funding necessary to continue the project, so Dr. Beckett decides to test out the newly built time machine by going against the wishes of the other scientists and stepping into the project accelerator where he vanishes. Dr. Beckett awakens to find himself in the past having successfully time traveled or leaped (as the series calls it), but he ends up suffering from partial amnesia and doesn't recognize who he is and the face in a mirror is not his own. Fortunately, contact with Sams own time is maintained through brainwave transmissions with Albert "Al" Calavicci, the project observer, who can only appear in the form of a hologram that only Dr Beckett can see and hear. After filling Sam in with the information as to who he is and why he is there and tells him that someone from the past is now in Sams time and that Sam has switched places with that person. The pair deduce that Dr Beckett can only return home by putting something right that once went wrong in that person's life. After fixing the past he once again ends up "Leaping" into a different person's life in another point in history. Dr Beckett realizes that to get home he must help as many people as he can, and ends up hoping each time that he does, that his next leap will ultimately be the leap home. Doctor Sam Beckett led a group of top scientists into the desert to research his theory that a man could time travel within his own lifetime. Unfortunately, in order to save his funding, he was forced to enter the accelerator prematurely and vanished. He then found himself in someone else's body with partial amnesia. His only contact from home is Al, a holographic image only he can see and hear. Setting right things which once went wrong, Sam leaps from life to life, hoping each time that this is the final leap home. Kevin <Kibble@vm.temple.edu> Although the project isn't ready yet, Sam hops into the Accelerator and leaps. As Tom Stratton, an Air Force test pilot, Sam finds his memory Swiss cheesed, with only enough left to know that he is not where or when he belongs. Al explains that the project has gone "a little ca-ca" and that the only way Sam can leap out is by flying the X-2 to Mach 3. Instead, Sam leaps after saving Tom's life, wife and child, only to find that rather than leaping home, he's leapt into Tim Fox, a minor league baseball player in Texas, at the end of the 1968 season, where he must make the winning play in order to leap. Sam Beckett <drgr4000@mailszrz.zrz.tu-berlin.de> Theorizing that one could time-travel within his own lifetime, Dr. Sam Beckett led an elite group of scientists into the desert to develop a top secret project known as Quantum Leap. Pressured to prove his theories or lose funding, Dr. Beckett prematurely stepped into the project accelerator... and vanished. He awoke to find himself in the past, suffering from partial amnesia and facing a mirror image that was not his own. Fortunately, contact with his own time was maintained through brainwave transmissions with Al, the project observer, who appeared in the form of a hologram that only Dr. Beckett can see and hear. Trapped in the past, Dr. Beckett finds himself leaping from life to life, putting things right that once went wrong and hoping each time that his next leap would be the leap home." courtesy of: http://www.quantumleap-alsplace.com/#premise Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Days of Our Lives (1965 )Summaries A chronicle of the lives, loves, trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. "Like sands through the hourglass... so are the Days of Our Lives." These words, spoken by late cast member Macdonald Carey, open every episode of this daytime drama, chronicaling the trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Internal Affairs (1990)431) An Internal Affairs agent becomes obsessed with bringing down a cop who has managed to maintain a spotless reputation despite being involved in a web of corruption. Keen young Raymond Avila joins the Internal Affairs Department of the Los Angeles police. He and partner Amy Wallace are soon looking closely at the activities of cop Dennis Peck whose financial holdings start to suggest something shady. Indeed Peck is involved in any number of dubious or downright criminal activities. He is also devious, a womaniser, and a clever manipulator, and he starts to turn his attention on Avila. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Earnest Raymond Avilla has just begun his assignment in the LAPD's Internal Affairs Division (IAD) partnered with capable and bright Amy Wallace, the IAD arguably the most hated division by the non-IAD officers in its members being seen as opportunistic in getting ahead in the force investigating their "brothers". To show that he is above board, Raymond agrees as his and Amy's first case as partners that of Van Stretch, Raymond wanting to seem impartial despite he and Van going back to their days together in the academy. Although there does seem to be improper conduct by Van, Raymond begins to believe a bigger, more dangerous fish is Van's partner Dennis Peck, who outwardly is seen as the model officer by the force's highers-up. What Raymond sees in Dennis is a bright officer too content in his relatively low position within the force, he who is able to live beyond his means, especially in having to pay alimony and child support to several ex-wives. In reality, Dennis is not only a womanizer and chronic philanderer in still fooling around with other women despite again being married, but is a master manipulator in working every situation to his benefit and often illegal end goals, that manipulation often of crime scenes and of his fellow officers, including Van and by association Van's occasionally battered wife, Penny Stretch. What ensues is a game of cat and mouse between Raymond and Dennis which becomes personal in both sides using the other's family - Dennis' wife Heather Peck and Raymond's contemporary art gallery curator wife Kathleen Avilla - to achieve their respective end goals, which may be more dangerous for Raymond and Kathleen as Dennis has and will kill to protect his way of life. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ambitious LA cop with Latin temper moves to Internal Affairs department where he's paired up with lesbian superior. Immediately involved in police brutality case, his pursuit of the young police officer leads him to cross swords with an amoral, possibly sociopathic police sergeant who controls a seemingly department wide network of corruption. Physical and pychological battle between them involving violence, murder and some, occasionally rough, sex ends in triumph for the good guys as usual but with some thought provoking character exploration along the way as the film develops. Sympathethic treatment of the gay female IA officer ahead of its time. 