nm0002262:

 ER (19942009)Summaries The lives, loves and losses of the doctors and nurses of Chicago's County General Hospital. Michael Crichton has created a medical drama that chronicles life and death in a Chicago hospital emergency room. Each episode tells the tale of another day in the ER, from the exciting to the mundane, and the joyous to the heart-rending. Frenetic pacing, interwoven plot lines, and emotional rollercoastering is used to attempt to accurately depict the stressful environment found there. This show even portrays the plight of medical students in their quest to become physicians. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> A TV medical drama that overlooks and chronicles the daily personal/working lives of a team of ER Doctors, Nurses, Patients and the people around them who work in Cook County General Teaching Hospital. Through this we see the heartbreak, triumph, loss and love they experience and sacrifice to try and save lives and to deal with their personal issues. kianhc It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 EuroTrip (2004)Summaries Dumped by his girlfriend, a high school grad decides to embark on an overseas adventure in Europe with his friends. Ohio high school student Scott Thomas is a good student and nice guy - albeit a little predictable - who is about to graduate and go into pre-med. He is unceremoniously dumped by his whorish girlfriend Fiona on graduation day. Among the people he turns to in his hour of despair is his German pen pal, Mike. Scott and Mike seem to have a special connection. After Mike makes advances to Scott now that he and Fiona are not seeing each other, Scott abruptly sends Mike a message saying he never wants to hear from him again. However, Scott learns shorty thereafter that Mike is actually a beautiful girl named Mieke. By this time, Mieke has blocked his messages. Thinking that Mieke is actually who he was meant to be with, Scott, impulsively for a change, decides to go to Berlin to be with her. Along for the ride is Scott's best friend, the girl crazy Cooper Harris. They manage only to get a flight into London, and thus have to make their way from London to Berlin. Along the way in Paris, they run into their high school friends, twins Jenny and Jamie, who are backpacking through Europe. Scott and Cooper consider them the most mismatched twins ever, Jamie who is a walking encyclopedia, and Jenny a girl who they treat as just one of the guys. As the four try to make their way to Berlin, they run into a few obstacles and few adventures. Scott hopes that all these problems are worth it when he has his much hyped in his mind meeting with Mieke. Huggo When Scotty's German online pen pal suggests they meet, he initially freaks out. But then he discovers that she's gorgeous, and heads out with three friends after graduation to meet her. As they travel across Europe, the four friends have comical misadventures. lcheala@imdb.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Phil of the Future (20042006)Summaries A family from 2121 is stuck in 2004, trying desperately to fit in. Phil Diffy is the oldest child in a normal family. His sister, Pim is an often devious girl with an unusual vocal talent, his mother has a robotic body, and his father spends all of his time working on their broken time machine. Okay, so Phil would be normal he were in his own time. Until then, the Diffys are stuck in the early 21st Century (what they consider the past) and trying to fit in. Only one person knows their secret, Phil's new best friend bubbly and popular Keely Teslow. But with this new life and the misadventures that come with it become the norm, when the time comes will Phil want to return to the future? Max Vaughn It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Veep (20122019)431) Former Senator Selina Meyer finds that being Vice President of the United States is nothing like she hoped and everything that everyone ever warned her about. "Politics is about people," former Sen. Selina Meyer is fond of saying. Unfortunately, the people Meyer, a charismatic leader and rising star in her party, meets after becoming vice president are nothing like she expected, but everything she was warned about. "Veep" follows the new VP as she puts out political fires, juggles her public schedule and private life, and does everything within her limited powers to improve her dysfunctional relationship with the chief executive. Meyer's trusted -- and some not-so-trusted -- aides include chief of staff Amy, spokesperson Mike, secretary Sue and right-hand man Gary. Jwelch5742 Former Senator Selina Meyer has accepted the call to serve as Vice President of the United States. The job is nothing like she imagined and everything she was warned about. 'Veep' follows Meyer and her staff as they attempt to make their mark and leave a lasting legacy, without getting tripped up in the day-to-day political games that define Washington. HBO Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The series follows the personal life and political career of Selina Meyer, the Vice President and later President of the United States. Her party affiliation is unknown, though hinted in the fourth season finale to be Democratic. Formerly a United States Senator from Maryland, Meyer campaigns for her party's nomination in the 2012 presidential election and is initially the front-runner, but ultimately loses the nomination to Stuart Hughes. Meyer subsequently joins the Hughes ticket as his running mate and is elected Vice President. Her staff as Vice President, upon whom Meyer is totally reliant, includes chief of staff Amy Brookheimer; director of communications Mike McClintock; deputy director of communications Dan Egan; body man Gary Walsh; and personal secretary Sue Wilson. Later additions to her team as president include White House Chief of Staff Ben Cafferty and political strategist Kent Davison. Jonah Ryan, initially a White House liaison to the Vice President's office and later a New Hampshire congressman, also features prominently. At the outset of the series, Meyer frequently finds herself relegated and ignored by Hughes. In the second season, Meyer comes to accrue some power and influence and, by the end of the season, is actively considering challenging Hughes for their party's nomination in the 2016 election. This becomes a moot point when Hughes decides not to seek a second term and Meyer begins her presidential campaign in the third season. Hughes abruptly resigns and Meyer assumes the presidency at the end of the season; the fourth season finds her adjusting to her new role while continuing her presidential campaign, both of which are undermined by a series of scandals. The election results in a tie between Meyer and challenger Bill O'Brien, leading to a vote in the House of Representatives during the fifth season to decide the next president after a recount in Nevada fails to alter the election's outcome. The House vote ends in a tie, leading to the Senate voting to elect the Vice President. The Senate vote also ends in a tie; Meyer's Vice President Andrew Doyle, who did not run for a full term, casts the tiebreaking vote for O'Brien's running mate Laura Montez instead of Meyer's running mate Tom James, leading to Montez becoming president. The sixth season follows Meyer out of office for the first time in the series, as she attempts to ensure her legacy by authoring a memoir, setting up a foundation and attempting to establish a presidential library. At the end of the season, Meyer decides to run for president again. The seventh season follows Meyer's run for her party's nomination in the primaries. She manages to secure the nomination, but has to sacrifice a lot of personal relationships and values in the process: setting up Gary Walsh for the crimes of her ex-husband that might torpedo her campaign; accepting the goal of prohibiting gay marriage to the party platform; and most shockingly tapping the populistic and outrageous Washington pariah Jonah Ryan to be her Veep. Then there are two time-skips: one to her being president, where it is revealed Jonah is getting the same treatment from her as Doyle did, and as she herself got from Hughes; and where she is seen briefly saddened by memory of Gary's loss; and the second one into a distant future of her funeral, attended by most of the main characters, where it is revealed her political legacy amounted to essentially nothing other than permanent gay marriage repulsion, which she never even advocated for. Gary is the last to pay his respects to her, as her state funeral is overshadowed by the death of Tom Hanks. The series also explores Meyer's personal life, such as her strained relationships with her daughter Catherine, ex-husband Andrew and a number of significant others. The lives, careers and relationships of the other characters are also explored, frequently intersecting with the series' principal narrative, satirizing the political activities and inner workings of the contemporary U.S. government. 