nm0005292:

 Suits (20112019)321) On the run from a drug deal gone bad, brilliant college dropout Mike Ross finds himself working with Harvey Specter, one of New York City's best lawyers. While running from a drug deal gone bad, brilliant young college-dropout Mike Ross slips into a job interview with one of New York City's best legal closers, Harvey Specter. Tired of cookie-cutter law school grads, Harvey takes a gamble by hiring Mike on the spot after recognizing his raw talent and photographic memory. Mike and Harvey are a winning team. Although Mike is a genius, he still has a lot to learn about the law; and while Harvey might seem like an emotionless, cold-blooded shark, Mike's sympathy and concern for their cases and clients will help remind Harvey why he went into law in the first place. Mike's other allies in the office include the firm's best paralegal Rachel and Harvey's no-nonsense assistant Donna. Proving to be an irrepressible duo and invaluable to the practice, Mike and Harvey must keep their secret from everyone including managing partner Jessica and Harvey's arch nemesis Louis, who seems intent on making Mike's life as difficult as possible. USA Network Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Open with the firm voting between Jessica and Daniel. Louis appears to be conflicted. Rachel is stunned to see Mike at work the day after Edith's death. He's feeling guilty because he wasted his last chance to see her alive working. He blows up at her. After looking at the votes Jessica announces that Daniel is the managing partner "effective immediately." He tells Harvey he recognizes his value to the firm and wants to make sure he's not leaving. Cut to Harvey telling Jessica he wants them to crab a dozen partners and leave. She cites a non-compete clause that prevents them from practicing law for a year in New York. She wants to wait until she has a position of strength and make a move. Mike buys $100 worth of marijuana. Harvey is being moved down to a different floor in favor of a lawyer who has been loyal to him. He walks to Daniel's office and tells him "I'm coming for you." Daniel tells Louis he wants to get rid of Harvey, assuring him that there is a target on both of their backs. Cut to Louis giving Mike a bunch of files, telling him he needs to take care of that work before he does anything for Harvey. As of now Mike is just like the rest of the associates and if he doesn't like it he can quit. Louis threatens to fire him if he doesn't do what he's told. Louis gives Harvey what appears to be a particularly dry case and tells him about Mike's new role. Harvey tries to tell Mike things are going to operate as they always have. Mike blows up at him in front of a room full of associates, saying it might be time he accepts that he and Jessica have lost. Harvey says "Go home. Now." We see Mike at home getting high. The next morning he wakes up late to a knock at his door. It's Rachel, there to remind him he's late for the funeral. She spots the marijuana and wonders what is going on. He pretends to flush the rest down the toilet, but actually sticks it in his medicine cabinet. Harvey is struggling to find someone to fill-in for Mike. Donna reminds him that he sent Mike home, then tells him Louis has made sure none of the associates are available to help him. Mike is nervous about speaking at the funeral. Someone named Tess shows up and helps convince Rachel he'll feel better afterwards. He talks about his parents being taken from him and Edith stepping in to fill their role. "She was my whole family," he says. After the speech Rachel meets Tess formally and learns the two of them have known each other since childhood and dated briefly. Harvey finishes the case for Louis then learns he will be his second chair in court. Mike tells Tess about cancelling on Edith just before she died. It seems that she took their break-up hard. They end up kissing. She stops him and says "I'm married." He is furious. Harvey shows up at Mike's apartment. He says he didn't think Mike was ready to deal with Edith's death so he intentionally kept him busy. Harvey grabs one of Mike's joints and lights up. Louis apologizes to Donna for her being caught in the middle of everything. He says she'll always have a place working for him and she essentially tells him to go to hell. Harvey and Mike get rip-roaring stoned. Mike opens about never feeling like an orphan because he had Edith in his life. Harvey says that because of his lousy parents he knows what it's like to feel alone growing up. They get the idea of pissing in Daniel's office and head down there in the middle of the night. At the office Harvey changes his mind and thinks they should do something more original than just urinating. He tells Mike he's going to get his can opener. Cut to Louis in Harvey's office trying to break into his computer. Harvey catches him in there and grabs him by the throat. Mike pulls him off, saying that if he punches Louis "they win." After Louis leaves the office and Mike thinks about planting something in Daniel's office. Mike says Daniel wouldn't hesitate to do something like that to him, and this gets Harvey thinking that perhaps Daniel planted the memo Donna found. They start putting the pieces together, realizing that Daniel was working with Tanner. Harvey and Mike tells Jessica what they suspect, but she won't act until they get her some proof. Harvey drops by Tanner's gym and gets into the boxing ring with him. Tanner says if Harvey beats him he'll talk. The two go back and forth, with Tanner eventually granting him one question. He tells him only that he settled because the memo "was a fraud." Mike finds what he's been looking for in a filing cabinet, then gives Rachel a deep kiss. She doesn't want it to happen so soon after Edith's passing. Daniel arrives for work and Louis hands him a folder requesting action on something Harvey-related. Daniel signs off. Louis is waiting for Harvey on his floor with a specimen for a drug test. He says he smelled Harvey the other night and knows he can't pass. Harvey refuses to take the test and Louis says he's fired. Harvey reminds him he's entitled to a hearing. Harvey tells Jessica why he can't take the test. Harvey tells Jessica what he learned from Tanner, though he doesn't yet have proof. Donna pops her head in to say that Harvey's review will take place in an hour. Mike waits for the car company's CEO, Kemp, in the garage, wanting him to sign and affidavit saying he told Daniel about the hood problems and Daniel advised him to cut a deal. Kemp says no and drives off. After Daniel tells the partners in the hearing that Harvey should be terminated for refusing to take a drug test, Harvey accuses him of writing the memo and getting Tanner to come after the firm. Daniel point out he has no evidence, at which point Mike walks and drops a folder on the table. He says it is a signed affidavit from Kemp, but shakes his head at Harvey indicating he's bluffing. Daniel doesn't think the affidavit will hold up in court, but Jessica says that it doesn't have to. She points out that he essentially had the other partners spend $100,000 of their own money (the cost of the settlement) to buy him control of the firm. Daniel makes a motion to fire Harvey, but doesn't get enough votes. Jessica then asks who is in favor of Daniel's dismissal on the basis of his filing a fraudulent law firm against the firm. Everybody's hand goes up, including that of Louis. She tells him "consider your partnership bought up." Afterwards Mike tells Harvey and Jessica that he did not commit a felony because he signed his own name on the affidavit. Daniel simply never bothered to check. They toast their victory with Donna. Tess drops by Mike's place. Daniel asks Jessica to sign a confidentiality agreement in exchange for him dropping the matter. He says he's not done coming after her. We see Mike and Tess in bed. There is a knock on the door that he thinks is a pizza. It's Rachel, who has changed her mind and wants them to get together. She sees a half-naked Tess in the back and realizes what has happened. 
 666 Park Avenue (20122013)321) At the 203 apartments Drake, NYC, residents are granted one wish - any wish. But beware of the price. There's something supernatural and evil about The Drake that only the owners, Gavin and Olivia. know about/control. If you could make one wish, what would it be? And what would you do to get it? At 666 Park Avenue, all of your dreams and burning desires can come true: wealth, sex, love, power, even revenge. But just be careful what you wish for, because the price you pay...could be your soul. Welcome to The Drake, the premiere apartment building on Manhattan's Upper East Side. Owned by the mysterious Gavin Doran (Terry O'Quinn) and his sexy wife Olivia (Vanessa Williams), The Drake is home to dozens of residents who are unaware they're living in the dark embrace of supernatural forces. They think their dreams are all coming true, only to find they've been lured into making, what feels like, a deal with the Devil. When a young Mid-western couple - Jane Van Veen (Rachael Taylor) and Henry Martin (Dave Annable) - is hired to manage The Drake, they soon discover that evil, obsession, and manipulation has a home. ABC Television Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. If you could make one wish, what would it be? And what would you do to get it? At 666 Park Avenue, all of your dreams and burning desires can come true: wealth, sex, love, power, even revenge. But just be careful what you wish for, because the price you pay... could be your soul. Welcome to The Drake, the premiere apartment building on Manhattan's Upper East Side. Owned by the mysterious Gavin Doran (Terry O'Quinn - Lost) and his sexy wife Olivia (Vanessa Williams - Desperate Housewives), The Drake is home to dozens of residents who are unaware they're living in the dark embrace of supernatural forces. They think their dreams are all coming true, only to find they've been lured into making, what feels like, a deal with the Devil. When a young Mid-western couple - Jane Van Veen (Rachael Taylor - Charlie's Angels, Grey's Anatomy) and Henry Martin (Dave Annable - Brothers & Sisters) - is hired to manage The Drake, they soon discover that evil, obsession, and manipulation has a home. Allow yourself to be seduced by 666 PARK AVENUE, and unravel the mysteries of this devilish new drama from Alloy Entertainment (Gossip Girl, The Vampire Diaries, Pretty Little Liars) and executive producers David Wilcox (Fringe, Life on Mars), Leslie Morgenstein (Gossip Girl, The Vampire Diaries) and Gina Girolamo (The Secret Circle, The Lying Game). 
 ER (19942009)Summaries The lives, loves and losses of the doctors and nurses of Chicago's County General Hospital. Michael Crichton has created a medical drama that chronicles life and death in a Chicago hospital emergency room. Each episode tells the tale of another day in the ER, from the exciting to the mundane, and the joyous to the heart-rending. Frenetic pacing, interwoven plot lines, and emotional rollercoastering is used to attempt to accurately depict the stressful environment found there. This show even portrays the plight of medical students in their quest to become physicians. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> A TV medical drama that overlooks and chronicles the daily personal/working lives of a team of ER Doctors, Nurses, Patients and the people around them who work in Cook County General Teaching Hospital. Through this we see the heartbreak, triumph, loss and love they experience and sacrifice to try and save lives and to deal with their personal issues. kianhc It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 U-571 (2000)541) A German submarine is boarded by disguised American submariners trying to capture their Enigma cipher machine. In the midst of World War II, the battle below the seas rages. The Nazis have the upper edge as the Allies are unable to crack their war codes. That is, until a wrecked U-boat sends out an SOS signal, and the Allies realize this is their chance to seize the 'enigma coding machine'. But masquerading as Nazis and taking over the U-boat is the smallest of their problems. The action really begins when they get stranded on the U-boat. Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> During World War II, the Allies were having trouble against the German Navy especially their U-Boats because of their highly sophisticated cipher machines. When a German U-Boat is damaged and is waiting for assistance, the Americans decide that this is an opportunity for them to get the machine. So they have one of their subs made up to look like a German, and plan to pretend to be the ship sent to assist them and take control of the U-Boat and take the machine and destroy the sub so that the Germans will not know that they have the machine. And everything went according to plan; they got the machine and transferred the crew to their sub and were about to leave when out of nowhere they're hit by a torpedo from the German relief sub. The members of the crew who were not on board the sub, proceed to board the German U-Boat and try to make it back. Now the senior officer is the sub's XO who's eager to be in command but his commander had told him earlier that he felt he was not ready because he might not be ready to make tough decisions. And now he has to, if he and the survivors are to survive. rcs0411@yahoo.com In the battle front of espionage and code cracking of World War II, there remains but one task on the Allied agenda: the capture of a German "Enigma" machine which will allow the Allied naval forces to locate and track submerged German U-Boat submarines. When one such German vessel breaks down after a battle with British forces, a secret mission is dispatched to take over the U-Boat by commando American forces and retrieve an Enigma machine intact. The raid goes well, at first, yet following the destruction of the American mothership and the arrival of reenforcement German ships, the Americans trapped on the U-Boat must use their training and wits to pilot U-571 in order to save their lives. Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. German U-boat U-571 is immobilized by a British destroyer. The US Navy submarine S-33 has been modified to resemble a German U-boat to steal the Enigma coding device and sink the U-571. During a storm, the S-33 comes across U-571 and sends a boarding party over. After securing the ship and transporting the captured crew back to the American S-33 sub, the S-33 gets sunk by the arrival of a German resupply sub. The captain of the S-33, Lieutenant Commander Dahlgren, dying in the water, orders his men on the captured U-boat to submerge. Lieutenant Tyler takes command of the enemy U-boat and dives to engage the resupply sub in an underwater battle before destroying it. After making repairs and restoring power Tyler decides to route the disabled submarine to Land's End in Cornwall, England. They are spotted by a German plane which is unaware that the U-571 has been commandeered by Americans; a nearby German destroyer sends over a small contingent but right before boarders arrive, Tyler gives orders to fire a shot from the deck gun, destroying the German ship's radio room, and preventing it from reporting that the capture of a German sub and its Enigma machine and code books. The sub dives underneath the German ship, which then begins to drop depth charges to sink U-571. Tyler attempts to trick the destroyer into stopping its attack by ejecting debris and a corpse out of a torpedo tube, faking their own destruction. The German destroyer continues dropping depth charges. U-571, hiding at below 600 feet (180 m), is damaged by the high water pressure. Control of the main ballast tanks is lost and the ship ascends uncontrollably. Tyler orders crewman Trigger to submerse himself in the bilge underwater to repressurize the torpedo tubes. Trigger uses an air hose to enter the flooded compartment. He closes the air valve to the torpedo tubes, but a second leak and broken valve are found, which Trigger can't reach. U-571 surfaces, unable to fire its last torpedo. The destroyer fires on the ship, which is heavily damaged and begins to flood. The first hit causes pipes to collapse, pinning Trigger's leg, after he has left the air hose behind. Unable to turn back, he reaches for the valve and closes it before he dies. The second the pressure is available, Tyler orders Tank to fire the final torpedo. The German destroyer is destroyed. As the crew sigh in relief, Tank reports Trigger's death. U-571 has taken severe damage and will not remain afloat for long. The crew abandons ship with the Enigma in their possession. The crew watch U571 as she slips beneath the waves. Floating aboard an inflatable lifeboat, they are eventually rescued by a US Navy PBY Catalina flying boat. 