nm0000523:

 Ghost Ship (2002)541) A salvage crew discovers a long-lost 1962 passenger ship floating lifeless in a remote region of the Bering Sea, and soon notices that its long-dead inhabitants may still be on board. After discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the Bering Sea, salvagers claim the vessel as their own. Once they begin towing the ghost ship towards harbor, a series of bizarre ocurrences happen and the group becomes trapped inside the ship, which they soon learn is inhabited by a demonic creature. EliMai In a remote region of the Bering Sea, a boat salvage crew discovers the eerie remains of a grand passenger liner thought lost for more than 40 years. Once on-board, the crew must confront the ship's horrific past and face the ultimate fight for their lives. ahmetkozan This 2002 movie is about an allegedly demon possessed 1962 vintage ocean liner that has been floating adrift for 40 years. It is not for the faint of heart as this flick has a very dark atmosphere. Let's put it this way. At the beginning of this movie, you learn that being short has its advantages. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens aboard an Italian ocean liner, Antonia Graza, in May 1962. Dozens of wealthy passengers enjoy dancing in the ship's luxurious ballroom while a beautiful Italian woman sings "Senza Fine." Away from the party in an outer room, a gloved hand pulls a switch that unravels a thin wire cord from a hidden spool. Suddenly, the spool snaps and the wire slices across the deck (dance floor) like a blade, bisecting the dancers. A number of them remain alive for several seconds before grasping that they have been cut in half. Only little Katie, dancing with a ship's officer (the Captain), is spared, thanks to her small stature and to the captain leaning down on her when he saw the wire snap. Seeing the fate of the other dancers, she looks up at the officer's face. He looks back at her sorrowfully, as his face splits open at mouth level and the top of his head falls off. Katie then screams, the view from the outside of the ship zooms down underwater, and the film cuts to the present day. A salvage crew has retrieved a sinking ship in the open ocean. They bring the ship into port and receive its salvage value from the authorities. While celebrating their success at a bar, Jack Ferriman, a Canadian Air Force pilot, approaches them and says he has spotted a mysterious vessel running adrift in the Bering Sea. Because the ship is in international waters, it can be claimed by whomever is able to bring it to a port. The crew soon set out on the Arctic Warrior, a small tugboat. While exploring the abandoned ship, they discover that it is the Antonia Graza, an Italian luxury liner that disappeared in May 1962 and was believed to be lost at sea. The ocean liner's disappearance was well known at the time. When they board the ship and prepare to tow it to shore, strange things begin to happen. Maureen Epps claims to have seen a little girl on the stairwell while trying to save a crewmate from falling through the floor. Greer claims to have heard the singing of an unseen songstress in various places on the ship. Epps and Ferriman discover the corpses of another team of salvagers in the ship's laundry room. The crew decide to leave the ship but take the large quantity of gold that they find on board. Their tugboat explodes from a tank of propane that mysteriously is opened as the engine is started, killing Santos, who was trying to fix the boat, and leaving them stranded on the ghost ship in the Bering Sea. As they decide to attempt to fix the Antonia Graza and sail it back to land, more and more crew members are killed, as they discover more dark secrets about the ship, including bullet holes in the pool, and a skeleton hanging by a noose in a wardrobe. Maureen Epps meets a young girl named Katie who was seen at the beginning of the movie dancing with the Captain who reveals a dark secret: the crew turned on the passengers and each other in an attempt to get the gold that the ship carried. It is revealed that the skeleton hanging from the noose is Katie, who was on her way to New York to be with her parents. Katie takes Maureen momentarily back to the past, where Epps finally sees what had happened. While the numerous dancers were sliced by the wire, the chefs in the kitchen were murdered and the crew began pouring rodent poison into the evening's food. The food was served, and it is obvious that people begin to succumb to the poison as their mouths dripped with foam. The crew begins taking the lives of the rest of the passengers, including Katie, as it dawns that it was Katie's skeleton Epps found earlier. The murderous crew also line some passengers by the pool and shoot them (accounting for the shell casings and bullet holes). As the crew begins to take the gold, one crew member (an officer) walks out of the small compartment where the valuables are stored. He takes a look at Francesca, the ship's sultry ballroom singer, who is also standing there dressed in a shimmering red satin strapless ballgown, turns around, and viciously murders his fellow crewmates out of greed with a submachine gun. Francesca then shoots him in the head with a pistol. At last, a man walks up to Francesca and they embrace. As he walks away, the singer looks up and sees a large hook swing into her face, killing her. The man burns a mark into her hand, and it is revealed that he, the mastermind of the attack, was Jack Ferriman, an evil spirit. After this enlightenment, Epps decides to blow up the ship, but is confronted by Ferriman, who has killed the last remaining of Epps' crew. He states the obvious - by using the gold as bait, he has taken multitudes of souls to his masters; he has been doing this for a long time, and considers himself a "salvager" of souls. He guided the salvagers there merely to effect repairs. They fight for a short amount of time before Epps manages to blow up the ship, "killing" Ferriman. She is left in the debris as the souls trapped on the ship ascend to heaven; Katie stops to thank her. Epps is discovered by a large cruise ship and taken back to land. The last scene shows Epps in the back of an ambulance at the docks. She looks out the back of the vehicle from her stretcher and sees the battered crates of gold being loaded onto the cruise ship by the her former crewmen, followed moments later by Ferriman. He glares at her, and carries on, her screams cut short by the ambulance doors closing and the fade to the end credits. 
 City Island (2009)431) Prison guard Vince tells Molly from acting class, that one inmate is his 24 y.o. love child. Vince takes him home to stay with his family - straight A son with fat girl fetish, college dropout/stripper daughter and cute wife. The Rizzos, a family who doesn't share their habits, aspirations, and careers with one another, find their delicate web of lies disturbed by the arrival of a young ex-con (Strait) brought home by Vince (Garcia), the patriarch of the family, who is a corrections officer in real life, and a hopeful actor in private. IMDb Editors Vince Rizzo (Andy Garcia), a lifelong resident of the tiny Bronx enclave of City Island, is a family man who makes his living as a corrections officer, but secretly longs to become an actor. Ashamed to admit his aspirations to his family, Vince would rather let his fiery wife Joyce (Julianna Margulies) believe his weekly poker games are a cover for an affair than admit he s taking acting classes. When Vince is asked to reveal his biggest secret in class, he sets off a chain of events that turns his mundane suburban life upside down. Inspired by the exercise, he decides to bring his long-lost ex-con son Tony (Steven Strait) home to meet his family, and it soon becomes clear that everyone - including his college student daughter (Dominik Garca-Lorido), teenaged son Vinnie, Jr. (Ezra Miller), charismatic acting partner (Emily Mortimer) and drama coach (Alan Arkin) - has something to hide. A perfect storm of deception and half truths makes Vince and his family members realize that the truth may not set them free, but it is easier to keep track of than all their well-intentioned lies. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Meet the Rizzos, a family that might get along a lot better if only they could tell each other the truth. Dad Vince is the worst offender. But since the prison guard won't even admit that poker night is in fact acting class, how's he ever going to explain about his illegitimate son? His daughter works as a stripper when she's supposed to be in college, while young Vinnie Jr has a secret sexual fetish that involves a 24-hour webcam and the family's 300-pound neighbour. Vince's wife Joyce is the family's rock, but it's been a year since she enjoyed intimacy with her husband, and it's no surprise she thinks poker night spells A-F-F-A-I-R. When former prisoner Tony enters the Rizzos' lives, Joyce begins to suspect that the handsome young Tony isn't who Vince says he is. City Island is a funny, touching and smart family tale about the secrets of the past catching up with the lies of the present, and accepting that nobody's perfect - least of all your loved ones. 
 Snakes on a Plane (2006)761) An FBI agent takes on a plane full of deadly venomous snakes, deliberately released to kill a witness being flown from Honolulu to Los Angeles to testify against a mob boss. While practicing motocross in Hawaii, Sean Jones witnesses the brutal murder of an important American prosecutor by the powerful mobster Eddie Kim. FBI agent Neville Flynn persuades him to testify against Eddie in Los Angeles. They board the red-eye Flight 121 of Pacific Air, occupying the entire first-class section. However, Eddie dispatches hundred of different species of snakes airborne with a time-operated device in the luggage to release the snakes into the flight with the intent of crashing the plane. Neville and the passengers must struggle with the snakes to survive. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Neville Flynn escorts a witness onto a plane headed for Los Angeles. Problem is, an assassin bent on killing the witness has released a crate containing about 450 snakes onto the same plane. When Neville finds out, he determines to do his job and get the snakes back where they belong: on land. Or in snake heaven, where they'd be harmless. Can he get the snakes off the plane before it's too late? movieguy3 Riding his motorcycle in Hawaii, Sean Jones witnesses the brutal murder of a prosecutor. When the villains come to take out Sean, Agent Neville Flynn comes to his rescue. To protect Sean for the trip back to L.A., Flynn takes over the entire First Class section of Pacific Air Flight 121. Displeased First Class passengers aside, the flight is uneventful until hundreds of angry poisonous snakes are released into the cabin. Once the snakes begin attacking, it is up to Agent Flynn and Sean to keep the plane in the air and save as many passengers as they can. jeffmellinger@astound.net A young man named Sean Jones witnesses vicious, powerful mobster Eddie Kim brutally murder a prosecutor bent on putting the crime mogul behind bars. Soon Kim's men raid Jones' house and attempt to kill him, but are stopped by Neville Flynn: an experienced FBI agent who convinces Jones to fly to LA to testify against Kim. Aboard the flight are an obnoxious British businessman, a famous hip-hop star, an anxious man with severe flight anxiety and his wife, a young woman and her dog, and a ticking crate full of vicious, venomous snakes unleashed by an assassin to bring down the plane along with the witness to Kim's brutal murder. Can the passengers come together to survive or will Kim's plot succeed? redcommander27 When Sean Jones witnesses a murder, he is asked to fly from Hawaii to Los Angeles to testify against the notorious gangster Eddie Kim. However, Kim has paid an assassin to release a crateful of deadly snakes loose when the plane is 30,000 feet in the air. Only FBI agent Neville Flynn can protect Sean and rally the passengers in hope of landing in L.A. alive. Tomius J. Barnard Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After witnessing gangster Eddie Kim (Byron Lawson) brutally beat U.S. Prosecutor Daniel Hayes (Scott Nicholson) to death in Hawaii, Sean Jones (Nathan Phillips) is escorted by FBI agents Neville Flynn (Samuel L. Jackson) and John Sanders (Mark Houghton) on a Boeing 747-400 to testify at the trial in Los Angeles. Despite increased security for the flight, Kim arranges for a time-release crate full of venomous and constrictor snakes to be placed in the cargo hold, in an attempt to bring down the plane before it reaches Los Angeles. To ensure the snakes attack the passengers, he has one of his henchmen, disguised as an airport ground employee, spray the passengers' leis with a special pheromone, which will cause the snakes to aggressively attack without being provoked. The crate pops open midway through the flight and the snakes start making their way into various areas of the plane. A cat in the cargo bay, a young couple having sex in the lavatory, and a man using the bathroom, are the first killed. One of the snakes causes a short in the plane's electronics, so the plane's captain, Sam McKeon (Tom Butler) investigates by climbing down into the hold underneath the cockpit and resets the breakers. Before he can climb back up the ladder, he is struck and killed by a viper. Co-pilot Rick (David Koechner) is alerted that the captain is down by Flight Attendant Claire Miller (Julianna Margulies). Rick believes the captain has suffered a heart attack. The stewardess goes to get Flynn and Sanders, who help move the captain's body. Later, some coral snakes enter the cockpit and Rick uses his clipboard to hit them, accidentally releasing the oxygen masks throughout the plane. The snakes are then able to enter the cabin through the holes where the oxygen masks had been and they begin wreaking havoc among the passengers. Numerous passengers, including Agent Sanders, are killed. Agent Flynn enters the cabin and uses a stun gun to ward off the snakes as he makes his way back. He realizes he has to turn around, as there are too many snakes and too much confusion among the passengers, so he yells to the passengers to make their way to the front of the plane. Those who are able to get to the front of the plane follow the instructions of Flynn and begin putting up a blockade of luggage. The one male and two female flight attendants are doing their best to help the passengers. One stewardess rescues a woman's baby but in the process is fatally struck by one of the snakes. Two little boys, sons of a Navy captain stationed in Hawaii, are traveling to Los Angeles alone. The youngest boy is bitten on the wrist and his wrist and hand swell dramatically. A young woman incises the swollen area and sucks some of the poison out. Agent Flynn contacts FBI Special Agent Hank Harris (Bobby Cannavale), on the ground, who orders his men to find him the nearest snake expert. That would be ophiologist, Dr. Steven Price (Todd Louiso). Dr. Price gets on a phone and speaks directly with Flynn. Price tells Flynn him that something must be provoking the snakes for them to be acting so aggressively. After thinking about it, Price suspects a pheromone may be responsible. Flynn tells Price that he will gather as many of the dead snakes as possible, so descriptions can be provided to Dr. Price and anti-venoms readied. First, he has to quell a potential insurrection by the passengers, who blame him and Jones for putting them in such a predicament. As some of the passengers start gathering dead snakes, a large snake in the cockpit attacks and temporarily disables the co-pilot. The plane starts to dip downwards, causing a food trolley to crash through the luggage blockade. The passengers flee to the upstairs first class cabin, exceeding the capacity of the stair railing and causing it to collapse. A huge boa constrictor simultaneously crashes through the overhead and falls into the aisle. A male passenger grabs a woman's small dog and throws it to the snake. The dog's owner is furious and starts hitting the man, but she falls back when the constrictor takes the man into it's coils and begins crushing him to death. The passengers are able to get upstairs and block the stairwell with an inflatable life raft. With pictures of the reptiles emailed to him, via a mobile phone, Price at first believes there will not be enough time to collect all the anti-venom that will be required. Price ultimately determines that it must have been a snake dealer living in the desert outside Los Angeles who was responsible for providing all those different snakes. He would also have anti-venoms. Three G's (Flex Alexander) is traveling with two large bodyguards. Up to this point, he's been dealing as best he can with the snake situation, but now he begins freaking out, saying it's too hot and he can't breathe. He becomes aggressive and Flynn has to physically confront him. As they wrestle, Three G's grabs Flynn's gun. When Three G's is distracted by Troy (Kenan Thompson), one of the bodyguards, Flynn is able to get his gun back and orders Three G's back to his seat. After Flight Attendant Claire Miller (Julianna Margulies) kills the snake in the cockpit with a fire ax, she and Flynn are able to mostly regain control of the jet. Rick then recovers consciousness and retakes the controls. The plane's interior starts getting too hot. Claire helps Flynn get down into the cargo hold to try and restore the air conditioning/ventilation system. He kills two snakes in the small elevator, then goes on down. Once inside the cargo hold, Flynn has to use a homemade flamethrower that Claire had made up for him to kill two more snakes. Finally, he's able to force the power for the air conditioning back on. One of Three G's bodyguards, Big Leroy (Keith Dallas), was bitten early in the attack, in the left butt cheek, so he has been suffering throughout. The police find the snake dealer at his property in the desert. There's a shootout and, as the dealer is trying to get away, he is bitten by one of his snakes. Special Agent Harris threatens to withhold the anti-venom that the dealer needs unless he provides information about the snakes on the plane. The dealer reveals that Kim hired him to obtain the snakes. He also tells them that pheromones were sprayed on the flower leis so they would circulate throughout the plane and stimulate the snakes to behave aggressively. The dealer then receives a dose of anti-venom and the rest of his supply of anti-venom is commandeered for the plane's victims. Harris gives orders to have Eddie Kim arrested. Harris then contacts Flynn, telling him that anti-venom will be ready for the passengers when they land. Flynn has to force the door to the cockpit open. Rick falls out dead and Flynn sees that there are multiple snakes inside the cockpit. He slams the door shut. When Claire goes to the passengers and asks if anyone knows how to fly a plane, Three G's volunteers Troy. Troy looks at him like he's crazy, but after thinking about it, he acknowledges that he has over 2,000 hours experience and could do it. Flynn says that he's had it with the snakes and decides he's going to get rid of them. All the passengers are told to tie themselves into their seats. When they are all ready, Flynn draws his pistol and shoots out two cabin windows, causing the plane to depressurize. He then flings open the cockpit door. All loose gear, including the snakes, are sucked from the plane. Flynn helps Troy get into the cockpit, where he takes the controls. Troy is surprised at how familiar the controls appear to be. He brings the plane level at an altitude where the pressure is no longer working at extracting everything from inside the plane. When contact is made with air traffic control, Troy is asked if he has flight experience. Troy confirms that he's flown military aircraft of several types. It's soon evident that Troy is speaking about his experience with video game flight simulators. Troy is the best option available, so the plane is his to land or crash. Troy bounces the plane hard a couple of times, but manages to bring it down. He needs a little harsh encouragement from Flynn to get the plane turned left and braked, but he gets that done too, with the jet coming to rest just short of a hangar. The passengers deplane, via an emergency slide, as the emergency vehicles, Dr. Price, and the anti-venom arrive. Just as Flynn and Sean are about to disembark, a remaining snake jumps out and bites Sean in the chest. Flynn draws his gun and shoots the snake, and Sean, knocking him out of the plane and down the chute. Police rush to Sean and lift him off the chute and check him out. He is alive and unharmed, due to the fact that he was wearing a bulletproof vest. Flynn offers to take Claire to dinner in return for her saving his life. She tells him to call her. The young flight attendant who was working first class, and took an immediate liking to Sean, writes her phone number on Sean's palm, so Sean and Flynn have their romantic bases covered in the near term. Sean then reminds Flynn of the time they first met. It was on the balcony of his apartment, when some of Kim's henchmen were breaking in to kill him, and the first thing Flynn said to Sean was, "do exactly as I say and you'll live." So, now, Sean tells Flynn that he needs to do as he says. He is referring to surfing. Sean takes Flynn to Bali and teaches him how to surf. They'd discussed it on the plane, prior to the snakes attacking, and Flynn admitted that he'd tried surfing, but couldn't stay on his board. 
 ER (19942009)Summaries The lives, loves and losses of the doctors and nurses of Chicago's County General Hospital. Michael Crichton has created a medical drama that chronicles life and death in a Chicago hospital emergency room. Each episode tells the tale of another day in the ER, from the exciting to the mundane, and the joyous to the heart-rending. Frenetic pacing, interwoven plot lines, and emotional rollercoastering is used to attempt to accurately depict the stressful environment found there. This show even portrays the plight of medical students in their quest to become physicians. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> A TV medical drama that overlooks and chronicles the daily personal/working lives of a team of ER Doctors, Nurses, Patients and the people around them who work in Cook County General Teaching Hospital. Through this we see the heartbreak, triumph, loss and love they experience and sacrifice to try and save lives and to deal with their personal issues. kianhc It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 