nm0001785:

 Dude, Where's My Car? (2000)541) Two potheads wake up after a night of partying and cannot remember where they parked their car. Roommates Jesse and Chester, both who have more than just a few cards short of a full deck, are stoner dudes who don't even do their jobs as pizza delivery guys well. They awaken one morning having little recollection of what they did the previous night, due to being wasted. They discover that their kitchen is full of prepackaged pudding, how they got all the pudding they are unaware. From a telephone message they receive, they come to the realization that at some point during the previous night they were at a party at the house of their girlfriends, twins Wanda and Wilma, and that today is their one year anniversary, which they did remember as they already bought the twins gifts. But the worst thing in not remembering what happened last night is that Jesse's car is missing. In trying to find out what happened to the car, they believe they have to recreate the feeling and mindset of last night, meaning getting wasted all over again. In trying to find the car, they, being the types that area easily distracted, get sidetracked by one item after another, most specifically the potential of having sex with hot babes (sex with which Wanda and Wilma have not yet provided them), and learning that they apparently had a suitcase filled with $200,000 last night, the suitcase and therefore the money to which they don't know what happened. During their day of discovery, they also end up encountering one group of alien wannabes, and two groups of actual aliens, all three groups who are after the continuum transfunctioner which they believe Jesse and Chester have. Jesse and Chester don't know where it is let alone what it is, but these three groups seem to be willing to do whatever necessary to get it from Jesse and Chester. In the process, Jesse and Chester may have to make decisions which may not only save their lives and those of Wanda, Wilma and their best friend Nelson, a zen-master, but that of the entire universe. But most importantly, they may actually find Jesse's car after all is said and done. Huggo Jesse and Chester, two bumbling stoners, wake up one morning from a night of partying and cannot remember where they parked their car which prompts them on a journey to find it and along the way, they encounter a variety of people who include their angry girlfriends Wilma and Wanda whose house they trashed, an angry street gang, a transexual stripper hounding them for a suitcase full of stolen money, a cult of alien seeking fanatics, and a group of aliens in human form looking for a mystical device that could save or destroy the world. Matthew Patay <pataygs@voicenet.com> Jesse and Chester are two potheads who got so wasted the night before, they don't remember a thing! All they know is Jesse's car is gone and they encounter a transsexual stripper who wants his/her suitcase of stolen money, a group of alien-seeking nerds and an angry street gang. And their girlfriends Wilma and Wanda are super-pissed that they trashed their house. And they must find a "continum transfuctioner", a mystical device that could either save or destroy the world. And a group of jumpsuit-wearing, sexy-as-hell, aliens posing as humans want it.... Matt Whiteside <RavenWerkheiserHexorcist> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jesse (Ashton Kutcher) and Chester (Seann William Scott) are two dim-witted potheads who wake up one morning and can't remember what happened the night before. There is a lifetime supply of pudding in the kitchen. Their girlfriends The Twins, Wanda (Jennifer Garner) and Wilma (Marla Sokoloff), call and remind them it's their one-year anniversary. Jesse and Chester decide they must have gotten the twins gifts and they are in the car. They go outside and cannot find Jesse's car. It is decided that they need to practice altered conscious memory retrieval by putting themselves into the state of mind of the night before. They go to their friend Nelson's (David Herman) house where they have a talk about reclaiming their memory as well as watch Nelson's cannabis-loving dog smoke on a pipe. Later, they are hungry from smoking all that weed and decide to go to Chinese Foooood, a drive-through Chinese restaurant where the belligerent woman, who takes their order, annoys Jesse so much by repeating "and then?" that he destroys the drive-up speaker. Being a pacifist against violence, Nelson drops them off on the street where they meet the local hot girl Christie Boner (Kristy Swanson), "el fuego of all that is el fuego". They are surprised when she recognizes them and tells them what a nice time she had the night before. Then her jock boyfriend Tommy (Charlie O'Connell) shows up with his friends and threatens "stoner bashin' time" if Jesse and Chester talk to Christie again. In an effort to retrace their steps, they end up at the Kitty Kat Club, a local strip bar where they are well known by the dancers, further perplexing them as to what exactly happened the night before. Here Jesse meets Tania, a "gender challenged male" who angrily tells him that she gave him a suitcase full of stolen money to keep safe for her and she wants it back. Jesse and Chester decide to go to The Twins' house to try to remember the night before. They try to help The Twins clean the house but fail when they accidentally spill garbage all over the living room floor. Wilma and Wanda kick them out proclaiming they never do anything right. At this point the Jesse and Chester are kidnapped by a group of space nerds who follow Zoltan (Hal Sparks). The nerds tell them that last night they were in possession of a mysterious and powerful device called the Continuum Transfunctioner, and the nerds are searching for this device. Upon being dropped off back on Main Street, the guys visit the local tailor, Mr. Lee, who gives them their special suits that they ordered the night before. They both find matching tattoos on their backs. Jesse's reads 'Dude' and Chester's reads 'Sweet'. Chester finds a Rubik's Cube in his suit. They also realize they have cell phones and have leased a convertible sports car. Sweet! Out on the street, they are approached by five strange-looking women, wearing black jumpsuits, who proclaim themselves 'Hot Chicks'. They offer to give Jesse and Chester "erotic pleasure" in exchange for the Continuum Transfunctioner. Tania once again shows up asking for her money and the five Hot Chicks disappear. At this point Jesse and Chester are arrested by the police after being mistaken for thieves and are interrogated at the police station by a pair of overzealous beat cops. Once they are proved innocent, they find out that their car was found last night by the police, but unfortunately it was impounded by the sight-challenged officer Rick. Meanwhile, the five Hot Chicks travel to the pizza parlor where Jesse and Chester work to look for them, when they meet Tommy and his goons engorging on some pizza just as Kristie has had enough of Tommy's macho attitude and she walks out on him. The Hot Chicks approach Tommy and offer him "erotic pleasure" if they can get the Continuum Transfunctioner away from Jesse and Chester. Tommy sends them to the workplace of The Twins, who work as councilors at a local blind school and summer camp. Wilma and Wanda meet the Hot Chicks who ask the whereabouts of Jesse and Chester, and they become angry. At the same time, Tommy and his friends kidnap Nelson, and call Jesse and Chester to arrange the transfer of Nelson for the Continuum Transfunctioner. After leaving the police station, Jesse and Chester meet a pair of gay-looking Nordic dudes who claim to be the Keepers of the Continuum Transfunctioner. They lent it to Jesse and Chester the night before. But the guys are more suspicious than ever and shake the two mysterious guys off. Our heroes go home to their house only to meet The Twins who break up with them. Overcome with love for The Twins, Jesse and Chester realize they must have really good anniversary gifts in the car and resume the search. Jesse and Chester arrive at a car impound lot where they are told that their car was sold at an auction, but eventually they are able to get the address of the buyer. At this point they are once again approached by the Nordic dudes and they send them to Chinese Foooood to keep them busy with the non-English speaking Chinese lady over the order intercom. While they are on their way to the buyer's place, Jesse and Chester are kidnapped by the space nerds again and taken to their leader's country house, only to find out The Twins are bound and gagged and being held hostage by Zoltan until he receives the Continuum Transfunctioner. Jesse and Chester are allowed to leave and they follow the address of the man who purchased their car at an auction to a very secure ostrich compound. They sneak in over the fence only to be attacked by several ostriches and are then captured and caged for poaching by the compound owner Pierre (Brent Spiner), an eccentric ostrich breeder. Jesse and Chester are freed when Chester knows the answer to the question Pierre poses thanks to his constant watching of Animal Planet. Pierre offers to give them their car back only to discover it has been stolen from the compound. All Pierre was able to recover was a locker key from a locker at Captain Stu's Space-O-Rama, a local miniature golf course and video arcade. As nightfall arrives, Jesse and Chester arrive at the Space-O-Rama and find a stash of cool stuff in the locker, including Captain Stu tickets, a cool straw, and the suitcase full of money. Tania and her transsexual boyfriend, Patty, show up and take the money. Jesse and Chester use the Captain Stu tickets to buy a fake Continuum Transfunctioner. They then call Zoltan and Tommy claiming that they have the Continuum Transfunctioner. Zoltan shows up and trades The Twins for the fake Transfunctioner. Just then, Tommy shows up and steals the fake Transfunctioner and lets Nelson free. The five Hot Chicks and the two Nordic Dudes show up, both claiming to be the Keepers of the Continuum Transfunctioner. Even Christie Boner shows up and has a quick meeting of the minds with Nelson, while Jesse and Chester's boss, also shows up with pizza after Chester anonymously called requesting pizza. Just then, Chester finally solves the Rubik's Cube (which he has been working on the entire time since finding it in his colored suit) which suddenly glows and morphs into a strange silver-painted globe and it is revealed to be the Continuum Transfunctioner. The Transfunctioner is now activated and will destroy the universe unless the true Keepers can turn it off. Jesse and Chester decide who the real Keepers are by asking a question about the 18th hole of putt-putt the night before. Only the real Keepers know that they won a lifetime supply of pudding by getting a hole in one. The two alien Nordic dudes answer correctly and are given back the Transfunctioner which they deactivate. The universe is saved until the Hot Chicks scream with rage and morph into a "Super Hot Giant Alien Chick" and go after the Continuum Transfunctioner. The Nordic Dudes attempt to use the device to banish the giant to Hoboken, New Jersey, only to get flung aside, and the Transfunctioner lands in Jesse's hands. The Giant Alien Chick then eats Tommy, while Christie reacts with indifference. Jesse and Chester are forced to run outside in the putt-putt golf course and the Giant Chick follows them. Jesse and Chester must activate the Photon Accelerator Annihilation Beam to destroy her. Chester once again saves the day thanks to his love of Animal Planet by using a straw as a tool to push the button. Tommy however is still alive when he gets blown out of the giant alien chick's body. Christie falls in love with Nelson. The Nordic Dudes take the space nerds to a party on the Crab Nebula. Everyone's memory is erased by the Nordic Dudes as they use the Continuum Transfuctioner to reverse time to the very beginning of the movie. In the morning, Jesse and Chester can't remember the night before, but at least they find the car outside (which was hidden behind a mail truck this whole time) and drive to The Twins house where they exchange gifts and receive a special gift from the Keepers of the Continuum Transfunctioner. They get in the car to drive and get some Chinese Foooood. 
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1992)66) Flighty teenage girl Buffy Summers learns that she is her generation's destined battler of vampires. Buffy Summers (Kristy Swanson) has the lifestyle any young woman could want. Cheerleading, dating the Captain of the basketball team, and copious amounts of time spent shopping with friends. She had no idea of her true calling until a mysterious man named Merrick (Donald Sutherland) approached her and told her that she is the Slayer; one woman called to defend the world from vampires. Reluctant to concede to the fact, Buffy soon learns that Merrick speaks the truth and so begins to take her new life seriously while trying to maintain the sense of normality her life had once been. With her best friends slowly abandoning her, Buffy finds solace in the town outcast, Pike (Luke Perry), who knows very well the terrors that have arisen. Together, they combat the forces of the old and powerful vampire, Lothos (Rutger Hauer), who has his eyes set on Buffy. Vampire-Sharpshooter "Since the dawn of man, the vampires have walked among us, killing and feeding. The only one with the strength or skill to stop their heinous evil is the slayer, she who bears the birthmark, the mark of the coven. Trained by the watcher, one slayer dies and the next is chosen." In 1992 Los Angeles, the new vampire slayer is cheerleader Buffy. Three bodies have been found with "really gross hickeys" on their necks. It takes Merrick the Watcher some time, but he finally convinces Buffy that she is indeed the chosen one. When Merrick is killed by the master Lothos and Buffy links up with nerdy Pike, she realizes how serious the vampire business really is. Things come to a head when vampires crash the senior prom. Buffy Summers (Kristy Swanson) thinks very highly of her keen fashion-sense. In fact, fashion, cheerleading, movies, and parties are all she ever thinks about. Then one day, Merrick (Donald Sutherland) approaches her; telling her she has a specific mission in life - killing vampires. What good is her "keen fashion-sense" in her new daily tasks? Lars J. Aas <larsa@colargol.edb.tih.no> Buffy Summers (Kristy Swanson) is an airhead cheerleader who is chosen by Merrick (Donald Sutherland) to defend the world from vampires. When Merrick first informs Buffy that she is the "chosen one", she thinks he's crazy, but then strange things begin to happen. First, Buffy's friend Cassandra (Natasha Gregson Wagner) and many other kids form her school turn up missing and are later found "dead" with bite marks on their necks. After many other strange ocurrences, Buffy then realizes that those bite marks were made by vampires, and that they really are out there. She comes to to horrifying truth that she is the "chosen one". Buffyfan Buffy Summers (Kristy Swanson) is a cheerleader. She shops and shops and, well, shops. That is until one day she comes across a man, Merrick (Donald Sutherland), who informs her that she is the "chosen one". She has been chosen to kill vampires and must now train to do so. With the help of her instructor she learns the kicks, moves, and attitude essential to any vampire killer. With the help of her friend, Pike (Luke Perry), she defeats master vampire Lothos (Rutger Hauer) and saves the planet. Michael Feller <reb@magna.com.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986)761) A high school wise guy is determined to have a day off from school, despite what the Principal thinks of that. High school student Ferris Bueller wants a day off from school and he's developed an incredibly sophisticated plan to pull it off. He talks his friend Cameron into taking his father's prized Ferrari and with his girlfriend Sloane head into Chicago for the day. While they are taking in what the city has to offer school principal Ed Rooney is convinced that Ferris is, not for the first time, playing hooky for the day and is hell bent to catch him out. Ferris has anticipated that, much to Rooney's chagrin. garykmcd One fake sick day sends high school senior Ferris Bueller, his girlfriend Sloane and his best friend Cameron on the adventure of their young lives, as they ditch school and take off on a raucous journey through Chicago as they stay one step ahead of their principal and Ferris's sister. A high school slacker pretends to be sick to skip school and have an exciting day off alongside his girlfriend and his best buddy through Chicago, while trying to outwit his obsessive school principal and his unconformited sister along the way. MadMovieManiac Ferris is a street-wise kid who knows all the tricks. Today he decides to take the day off school. When Ferris takes the day off, so must his best friends, Cameron and Sloane. Cameron is reluctantly persuaded to borrow his father's Ferrari, and together they hatch a plan to get Sloane out of class. Suspicious dean of students Ed Rooney knows all about Ferris, but can never catch him. Ferris' sister Jeanie is also frustrated that Ferris always gets away with his tricks and she doesn't. Furthermore, Ferris is an 'angel' in his parents eyes. It's Ferris' day off, he's out to enjoy himself, and he does!. Rob Hartill Ferris Bueller has played hooky numbers of times, and this time he's got the entire school and more believing he is on the verge of death. On this special day off, Ferris invites his friend Cameron Fry and girlfriend Sloane Peterson to his day of fun, while taking Cameron's father's precious Ferrari for transportation. All the while, the principal Ed Rooney is determined to prove Ferris is faking his illness and Ferris's agitated sister Jeanie also has a goal to catch Ferris off guard. Ferris enjoys his day with his friends, until the mileage of the Ferrari reads one too many miles driven and Cameron has a blow out. commanderblue Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. High school senior Ferris Bueller (Matthew Broderick) decides to skip school on a spring day by faking an illness to his parents (Lyman Ward and Cindy Pickett), then encourages his girlfriend, Sloane (Mia Sara), and his pessimistic best friend Cameron (Alan Ruck) to spend the day in Chicago as one of their last flings before they graduate and head off to different colleges. He sets up an elaborate ruse in his bedroom with a mannequin, a trophy and his stereo in case anyone decides to check on him. Ferris persuades Cameron to let them use his father's restored 1961 Ferrari 250 GT California to pick up Sloane (as part of their cover) to travel into the city. He also has Cameron impersonate Sloane's stuffy-toned father to have Sloane excused for the day due to a faked death in the family. The rest of the school and many residents learn of Ferris' exaggerated illness and offer donations to help "Save Ferris". However, only two people are not convinced by Ferris' deception: his sister, Jeanie (Jennifer Grey), outraged at Ferris' ability to defy authority easily, and the school principal, Edward Rooney (Jeffrey Jones), believing Ferris to be truant. Ferris and his friends arrive downtown and leave the Ferrari with two garage attendants (Richard Edson and Larry Jenkins), who drive off in it a short while later to take a joyride. Ferris, Sloane, and Cameron enjoy the sights, including taking in a game at Wrigley Field, visiting the Sears Tower, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and taking part in the Von Steuben Day Parade, with Ferris lip-syncing to "Danke Schoen" and the Beatles' version of "Twist and Shout." Ferris also uses his ploys to pretend he is Abe Froeman, the Sausage King of Chicago, to dine at an upscale restaurant on Rush Street (while narrowly avoiding his own father who is dining out with some business associates). Meanwhile, Mr. Rooney has gone off-campus to try to find Ferris, first at a local hangout, then to Ferris's home, where Mr. Rooney attempts to gain entry, but ends up getting stuck in the mud and losing his shoe and wallet while being chased by the dog. Jeanie comes home to look for Ferris, instead discover Mr. Rooney, whom she mistakes for a burglar, kicking him several times in the face and retreating. She calls the police, forcing Mr. Rooney to flee the scene. When the police show up, they haul Jeanie in for prank calling, and at the police station, she talks to a drug dealer (Charlie Sheen), who tells her that she needs to stop obsessing about her brother and focus about herself. Jeanie's mother shows up to collect her, upset at having to do so, and finds Jeanie making out with the boy. At the end of the day, Ferris and his friends retrieve the Ferrari, but discover on the way home that hundreds of miles have been added to the odometer, sending Cameron into a panic fearing his abusive father's reaction. After calming Cameron down, Ferris comes up with a plan to run the car in reverse, in place, with its rear wheels jacked up, at Cameron's father's hillside garage, hoping to reverse the odometer. When they realize this is not working, Cameron unleashes his pent-up anger against his father, yelling about how his father loves the car more than his own son and damaging the front of the car, but comes to realize he is long due to stand up to his father, and vows to accept the consequences. Cameron calms down and rests himself against the car, but his previous actions have unbalanced it from the jack it was on, the car hits the ground, races in reverse, and crashes through a glass wall, landing in a ravine. Despite Ferris's offer to take the blame, Cameron still plans to admit his actions to his father and take the consequences. Ferris walks Sloane home, then quickly races through the backyards of his neighborhood. While running across a street, he's nearly hit by a car: it is his sister and mother driving home. His mother doesn't spot him but Jeanie does and she floors the gas pedal, trying to beat him home. Ferris continues his race home. When he gets there, he finds Mr. Rooney waiting for him. However, Jeanie, apparently having come to appreciate her brother's craftiness, has beaten him home despite her mother's demands and getting a ticket for speeding. She pretends to scold Ferris for trying to walk home from the hospital while he is so ill, and thanks Mr. Rooney for driving him home, making sure to show Mr. Rooney the wallet he left behind when he broke in earlier. Rooney is once again chased by the dog. Ferris races to his room and makes it into bed just as his parents check on him. After they leave, he breaks the fourth wall and imparts some wisdom to his audience: "Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it." As the credits roll, Mr. Rooney in his disheveled state is forced to catch a ride back to school on a school bus as it drives students home. In the tag at the very end of the credits, Ferris emerges from the bathroom, pleading to the audience directly, "You're still here? It's over! Go home! Go!" before he turns around and reenters the bathroom. 
 Flowers in the Attic (1987)Summaries Children are hidden away under an attic by their conspiring mother and grandmother. Dreams of an inheritance turn into a nightmare for four innocent children. Locked in the deserted north wing of the family mansion. Beaten by a vicious grandmother. Tormented by a menacing caretaker. Starved and left alone to wither - and perhaps die - like FLOWERS IN THE ATTIC. Their only hope lies in escape. But a horrible truth awaits them in the main house - a truth that will push the children toward a dizzying and violent solution. FLOWERS IN THE ATTIC - living proof that even the prettiest flowers can grow deadly in the attic's darkness. Anonymous After the death of her husband, a mother takes her kids off to live with their grandparents in a huge, decrepit old mansion. However, the kids are kept hidden in a room just below the attic, visited only by the grandmother, and their mother, who becomes less and less concerned about them and their failing health, and more concerned about herself and the inheritance she plans to win back from her dying father, to the point of murder... David Gibson <djg6@ukc.ac.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 