nm0007103:

 The Man in the High Castle (20152019)44) In a dystopian America dominated by Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan, a young woman discovers a mysterious film that may hold the key to toppling the totalitarian regimes. What would it be like if the Allied Powers had lost WWII, and Japan and Germany ruled the United States? Amazon Studios The Man in the High Castle is a startling depiction of an alternate history as imagined by author Philip K. Dick in his best-selling novel; a world in which Nazi Germany and Japan were victorious in World War II. The year is 1962 and the Axis Powers occupy the United States, where fascism rules and the few surviving Jews hide under assumed names. ahmetkozan It is the year 1962. Having lost World War 2, the United States is now occupied by Germany and Japan. Germany occupies the eastern states and Japan the western, with the Neutral Zone in between. When her sister is killed by the Japanese, Juliana Crain is sucked into the covert, dangerous world of the American Resistance. Opposing her and her comrades are the most ruthless forces the Nazis and Japanese have to offer, lead by Obergruppenfuhrer John Smith of the SS and Chief Inspector Kido of the Kempeitai. The Resistance's greatest hope appears to lie in films which show an alternate reality, a world where the US and its allies won WW2. While largely viewed as propaganda, these films could be more than that. At the centre of the manufacture and distribution of these films is one man, a figurehead in the Resistance: The Man in the High Castle. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Riverdale (2017 )55) While navigating the troubled waters of romance, school and family, Archie and his gang become entangled in dark Riverdale mysteries. After the death of one of the rich and popular Blossom twins on the 4th of July, the small town of Riverdale investigates the murder. The series starts in September, the beginning of a new school year, that brings with it new students, relationships, and reveals the mysteries of the past 4th of July. ahmetkozan The quiet little town of Riverdale is turned upside down after it is struck with the mysterious death of Jason Blossom, a popular high school student and member of the most powerful family in town. Archie and his friends explore the struggles of everyday life in a small town whilst taking on the haunting case of Jason Blossom. in order to solve this mystery, the rag tag group of friends must first unlock the secrets that lie buried deep beneath surface of their hometown. Riverdale may not be as innocent as it appears. ahmetkozan In an innocent, small town, the death of a popular rich boy named Jason Blossom rattles the town. Archie Andrews discovers his love for music, and his teacher. Betty Cooper unravels her feelings for Archie, and her family secrets. Veronica Lodge is the new girl, who is a threat to cheerleading captain Cheryl Blossom, Jason's twin sister. Archie, Betty, Veronica, and Jughead band together to find the mysteries behind Jason Blossom's murder. ahmetkozan After a teenager was murdered within the town of Riverdale, a group of teenagers, the jock Archie, the girl next door Betty, the new girl Veronica and the outcast Jughead try to unravel the evils lurking within this seemingly innocent town. sollygibbs It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Supernatural (20052020)77) Two brothers follow their father's footsteps as hunters, fighting evil supernatural beings of many kinds, including monsters, demons and gods that roam the earth. John Winchester raised his two sons Sam and Dean to hunt and kill all things that go "bump in the night" after his wife Mary was murdered by an evil supernatural being when the boys were little. 22 years later the brothers set out on a journey, fighting evil along the way, to find their recently-missing father; when they finally do he reveals he knows what demon killed their mother and has found a way to track and kill it. Meanwhile, Sam develops frightening abilities such as seeing visions of people dying before it actually happens. These visions are somehow connected to the demon that murdered his mother and its mysterious plans that seem to be all about Sam. When their father dies striking a deal with that very same demon, the brothers determine to finish his crusade. But disturbing revelations about Sam's part in the demon's apocalyptic plan are presented when John's dying last words to Dean are revealed. Rachel B. Brothers Sam and Dean Winchester follow in their father's footsteps, hunting down evil supernatural creatures like monsters, demons, and even fallen gods, while trying to save innocent people. Continuing the "family business" after their father's death, the brothers soon learn that the "hunt" doesn't just involve slashing and hacking monsters and demons, but also dealing with more powerful creatures such as angels, reapers, and even Death. Tilsen K. Brothers Sam and Dean Winchester are out to kill every evil thing in this world. When Dean was 4 and Sam only 6 months old, their mother Mary was killed and their father John determined to find and kill the demon that killed her, and raised their boys to be "HUNTERS" of all things evil. Their motto: SAVING PEOPLE, HUNTING THINGS, THE FAMILY BUSINESS. After John's death the boys continue the family business with help from a few other hunters, traveling cross country, killing as many monsters as possible and saving as many people as they can, at the same time learning that "Family don't end with blood". They will do whatever it takes to save each other and their "FAMILY"--they'll go up against demons, vampires, werewolves, shapeshifters, demigods, witches, the Four Horsemen, and even angels. They lose family and find new people they call family. They have gone to heaven and hell for each other and will do it all over again. Because that's what FAMILY does and "Family don't end with blood." prkitten80 Supernatural follows brothers Sam and Dean Winchester as they travel across the country hunting supernatural beings with help from their Angel friend Castiel and the King of Hell Crowley along with some other hunters they meet along the way. sadie-kathleen1022 Raised by their father to be hunters of all evil and supernatural, the two Winchester brothers are now reunited. Their mission is to hunt down demons and monsters of all sorts. Two brothers soon became a team and best friends driving along across the USA. dominikmajdak The show follows brothers Sam and Dean Winchester, who travel across America in a black 1967 Chevy Impala investigating and combating paranormal events and other unexplained occurrences, many of them based on American urban legends and folklore, as well as classic supernatural creatures such as vampires, werewolves, and ghosts. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Flash (2014 )88) After being struck by lightning, Barry Allen wakes up from his coma to discover he's been given the power of super speed, becoming the next Flash, fighting crime in Central City. Barry Allen is a Central City police forensic scientist with a reasonably happy life, despite the childhood trauma of a mysterious red and yellow lightning killing his mother and framing his father. All that changes when a massive particle accelerator accident leads to Barry being struck by lightning in his lab. Coming out of coma nine months later, Barry and his new friends at S.T.A.R labs find that he now has the ability to move at superhuman speed. Furthermore, Barry learns that he is but one of many affected by that event, most of whom are using their powers for evil. Determined to make a difference, Barry dedicates his life to fighting such threats, as The Flash. While he gains allies he never expected, there are also secret forces determined to aid and manipulate him for their own agenda. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Nine months after "The Particle Accelerator" explosion, Barry Allen wakes up from his coma and discovers that the explosion gave him the power of super speed. Others were affected and gained new abilities as well. However, not all of them use it for good. With Barry's new powers and team of scientists, he becomes "The Flash" and helps fight crime and protects Central City. Barry Allen was struck by lightning and got in a coma for 9 months. After he awoke from his coma 9 months later, Barry met Cisco Ramon, Harrison Wells and Caitlin Snow. He later on realized that he has powers and how it had been caused by the explosion of the particle accelerator. Barry Allen is a forensic scientist and crime scene investigator at The Central City Police Department with a reasonable happy life, despite the childhood trauma of a man in a red and yellow bizarre killing his mother and framing his father for it. All that changes when a massive particle accelerator created by visionary physicist Dr. Harrison Wells and his team at S.T.A.R Labs causes a malfunction creating a freak storm, killing many people and Barry being struck by lightning in his lab. He wakes up after a coma nine months later. He and his new friends at S.T.A.R Labs discover that he has superhuman speed and can run on both land and water. He can move, think and react at light speeds. He can also vibrate so fast that he can pass through walls, travel through time and lend or borrow speed. He heals more quickly than an average human. Later, he learns that he is but one of the many affected by the incident, most of them who are using their powers for evil. Determined to make a difference, Barry dedicates his life to fighting such threats as The Flash. Ron Shaju After being struck by lightning and being affected by particle excelerator explosion, Barry Allen wakes up with incredible speed. He calls himself the flash. Now he is desperate to find the person that killed his mother when he was a child. Barry travels back in time on multiple occasions and screws everything up several times and ruins his friends lives but he's a funny guy. He is also a superhero and has saved hundreds of people's lives so he's a good guy. The flash continually gets help from other superheroes like the arrow and Supergirl After being struck by lightning, Barry Allen (Grant Gustin) is reborn. Now having super speed, he has a new name. The Flash. With the help of his friends, he fights crime and find other metahumans like him. And he will do anything to stop them. He is the Flash. After a particle accelerator causes a freak storm, CSI Investigator Barry Allen is struck by lightning and falls into a coma. Months later he awakens with the power of super speed, granting him the ability to move through Central City like an unseen guardian angel. Though initially excited by his newfound powers, Barry is shocked to discover he is not the only "meta-human" who was created in the wake of the accelerator explosion -- and not everyone is using their new powers for good. Barry partners with S.T.A.R. Labs and dedicates his life to protect the innocent. For now, only a few close friends and associates know that Barry is literally the fastest man alive, but it won't be long before the world learns what Barry Allen has become...The Flash. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 