nm0011951:

 Dos vidas (2021)Summaries The story of Julia and Carmen, granddaughter and grandmother, two lives united in an unexpected way in two different times and places. Julia is a woman who currently lives a life that her mother and her future husband have planned for her. When she is about to get married, she discovers a great family secret that will change her forever. On the verge of a nervous breakdown, she decides to separate from them. Julia finds refuge in a secluded town in the mountains of Madrid where she will have a complicated mission: to take control of her own destiny. Carmen is a young woman who leaves the comforts of the metropolis to meet her father in the exotic colony of Spanish Guinea in the middle of the last century. Carmen discovers that Africa has a much tougher and wilder face than she ever imagined, and her life is stirred from the ground up. She will be faced with a difficult dilemma: abide by the unjust established rules or follow her own heart. Carmen and Julia's lives are linked by a bond as strong as that of blood: they are grandmother and granddaughter. Separated for more than half a century and on two continents, Carmen and Julia have much more in common than their family ties. The two are women who struggle to fulfill their dreams, who do not conform to the norms imposed by others and who will find love where they least expect it. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Vernica (I) (2017)Summaries Madrid, 1991. A teen girl finds herself besieged by an evil supernatural force after she played Ouija with two classmates. Madrid, June of 1991. Vernica is a teenage girl surpassed by the circumstances after her father died recently, her mother works in a bar all day and she must care for her three siblings, twin girls Luca and Irene and the youngest Antoito. Still mourning for her father's death, Vernica decides to play Ouija with her friends Rosa and Diana, taking advantage a total solar eclipse where all classmates and teachers are on the school's rooftop watching it. Alone in the cellar, the girls try to contact their recent deceased family members, but the session goes wrong and something happens to Vernica. She hid from her mother what has happened, Vernica starts to feel strange presences inside the house and fears that these ghosts are a threat to any of her siblings. Advised by Sister Narcisa (nicknamed by the children as Sister Death) about the sinister spirit which is close to her, Vernica looking for a way to break the contact with the ghost and save everyone, suffering hallucinations and horrible visions that progressively end up in violence and intensity that turns the whole house into a nightmare where no one is safe. Chockys Still reeling from her father's death and with her mother slaving away long hours at a small local bar, the 15-year-old dutiful and responsible adolescent, Vernica, has to become the substitute mother of her twin sisters, Luca and Irene, and her little brother, Antoito. Achingly longing for his paternal presence, Vernica will convince two of her Catholic school friends to conduct an ill-considered Ouija board sance during a rare 1991 solar eclipse, in high hopes of contacting their beloved deceased. However, what started as a desperate attempt to communicate with the unknown, will shortly end up in a frenzied plunge into the obscure supernatural realm, where demonic possessors itch to cross over from the other side. Little by little, something evil will begin to infect everyone around Vernica. But, how could this entity be her father? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Everybody Knows (2018)Summaries Laura, a Spanish woman living in Buenos Aires, returns to her hometown outside Madrid with her two children to attend her sister's wedding. However, the trip is upset by unexpected events that bring secrets into the open. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Fury of a Patient Man (2016)Summaries A hard-working single mother and wife of a getaway driver who is about to be released is approached by an unassuming and gentle man, completely unaware though of his inscrutable and utterly impelling motives. In a squalid working-class cafe located in a barrio somewhere in Madrid, hard-working single mother Ana struggles to make ends meet as a bartender, living a simple and routine life with her only son. Patiently, for the past eight long years, Ana has been waiting for her criminal boyfriend Curro's release, while in the meantime, the unassuming and gentle Jose has already become a regular customer spending a lot of time in her cafe, quite obviously in fond of her. And then, one day, Curro is finally released, still violent and resentful after his long-lasting incarceration, threatening not only Ana's peace but also her tentative and fragile romance with Jose. Eventually, having no other choice but to escape, Ana will accept Jose's offer to live with her son in his secluded cottage, completely unaware though of quiet Jose's inscrutable and utterly impelling motives. Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 