nm0003963:

 Hunter (2003)Summaries Tough Homicide detective Rick Hunter and his beautiful partner Dee Dee McCall screech tires and chase bad guys around San Diego. After moving from Los Angeles to San Diego following his partner's on-the-job murder, hardnosed police detective Rick Hunter teams up with his old partner, Dee Dee McCall (nicknamed "The Brass Cupcake"), to battle bad guys, screech tires, shoot guns and fight crime on the streets of San Diego. Marty McKee <mmckee@soltec.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Least Among Saints (2012)321) A haunted soldier just back from war and a boy who has never known peace in his home life embark on a life-changing journey as they become unlikely friends -- and one another's last shot at redemption. Writer, director and actor Martin Papazian's debut film LEAST AMONG SAINTS movingly illustrates a man's hard-fought road towards reconciling with his better self. Coming home to a broken marriage and uncertain future, veteran Anthony Hayward (Papazian) thinks he's at the end of his rope. But when his troubled ten year-old neighbor, Wade (Tristan Lake Leabu), calls out for help, Anthony can't seem to turn away. To the dismay of the boy's embattled social worker (Laura San Giacomo), Anthony sets out on a fool's quest to help this heartbroken but hard to reach child find his long-lost father, who might not even exist. Yet in the midst of this new mission - the first that seems to matter since his return -- Anthony begins to come to grips with both the costs of war and the universal power of human connection. As the film builds to an emotional climax, Papazian finds both the gravity and the grace in ordinary, flawed characters pushed to extraordinary acts of compassion and decency. Martin Papazian Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. From Award Winning Director Martin Papazian comes this deeply personal and poignant tale about two lost souls who find hope and the ability to once again believe in forgiveness and love amidst a dangerous world both real and imagined. With blood on his hands and haunted by his past, hard-drinking, burn-out soldier Anthony Hayworth has given up on life - until he meets his scruffy next door neighbor, 10-year-old Wade. When Wades Mom dies from an over-dose, Anthony illegally adopts the boy and takes him on a journey to find his father, who doesnt exist. Wade becomes Anthonys link back to humanity and he will go to any length to shield him from the hostile outside world that seeks to separate them. 
 The Tuskegee Airmen (1995 TV Movie)55) The true story of how a group of African American pilots overcame racist opposition to become one of the finest US fighter groups in World War II During the Second World War, a special project is begun by the US Army Air Corps to integrate African American pilots into the Fighter Pilot Program. Known as the "Tuskegee Airman" for the name of the airbase at which they were trained, these men were forced to constantly endure harassement, prejudice, and much behind the scenes politics until at last they were able to prove themselves in combat. Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> Historical drama about the first Africa-American pilots in the US military. In 1942, a group of college graduates are selected for training as pilots in Army Air Corps at the Tuskegee training base. In what is billed by everyone as an "experiment", the men face not only the institutionalized prejudice of their white officers but that generally found in the US South at the time. There are clearly those who would like to see this fail, including the Major in charge of training and a US Senator. Even when they distinguish themselves in North Africa, there is an attempt to disband them. In the end, they served their country with distinction and bravery, flying missions in Europe include providing bomber escort for the bombing of Berlin. Based on a true story. garykmcd A semi-fictionalized account of the Tuskegee Airmen, the first all-African-American Air Force squadron during World War II, the film centers on ambitious young pilot Hannibal Lee. Despite initial reticence by higher ranking white officers, Lee, along with Walter Peoples, Leroy Cappy, and others, are deployed into combat. As the successful missions mount, the Tuskegee Airmen develop a reputation as an able, fearsome group of pilots. Jwelch5742 In WWII, the Tuskegee army airfield was where the first 'colored' army fighter pilots were trained. This dramatization of real events follows one man, Hannibal Lee, through training to impossibly high standards, Congressional maneuvering, months of no air-combat action, and finally acceptance and decoration as one of the 332nd Fighter Group, who never lost a bomber to enemy action. Kathy Li It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Private Valentine: Blonde & Dangerous (2008)Summaries When fluffy, bubble gum movie star Megan Valentine suddenly finds herself broke and humiliated in the public eye, she wanders from the wreckage of a car accident and witlessly enlists in the U.S. Army hoping in vain that it will change her life. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 