nm0001825:

 8MM (1999)431) A private investigator is hired to discover if a "snuff film" is authentic or not. A small, seemingly innocuous plastic reel of film leads surveillance specialist Tom Welles down an increasingly dark and frightening path. With the help of the streetwise Max, Welles relentlessly follows a bizarre trail of evidence to determine the fate of a complete stranger. As his work turns into obsession, he drifts farther and farther away from his wife, family and simple life as a small-town private eye. Columbia Pictures Tom Welles, private eye, is hired by a wealthy widow, whose well-known husband passed away recently. She has found a reel of S8-film in a safe. On the film is a cruel slaughtering of a young girl, who obviously does not pretend or act: A snuff-movie. Welles takes up investigation, which leads him to the girl's mother and from there to Hollywood, into the office of a porn flick producer. Welles' rising obsession to solve the case also carries him away from his wife and new-born daughter. But when finally names are at hand, Welles suddenly finds himself on ice much thinner than he planned. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Private investigator Tom Welles is contacted by Daniel Longdale, attorney for wealthy widow Mrs. Christian, whose husband has recently died. While clearing out her late husband's safe, she and Longdale found an 8mm film which appears to depict a real murder, but Mrs. Christian wants to know for certain. After looking through missing persons files, Tom discovers the girl is Mary Ann Mathews, and visits her mother, Janet Mathews. While searching the house with her permission, he finds Mary Ann's diary, in which she says she went to Hollywood to become a film star. He asks Mrs. Mathews if she wants to know the truth, even if it is a horrible one. She says that she wants to know what happened to her daughter, so after reading the diary and a note left for her mother inside of it, he leaves it for her and then leaves. In Hollywood, with the help of an adult video store employee called Max California, Tom penetrates the underworld of illegal pornography. Contact with a sleazy talent scout named Eddie Poole leads them to director Dino Velvet, whose violent pornographic films star a masked man known as "Machine". To gain more evidence, Tom pretends to be a client interested in commissioning a hardcore bondage film to be directed by Velvet and starring Machine. Velvet agrees and arranges a meeting in New York City. At the meeting, attorney Longdale appears and explains that Christian had contracted him to procure a snuff film. Longdale says that he told Velvet that Tom might come looking for them. Realizing that the snuff film was authentic, the private eye knows he is at risk. Velvet and Machine produce a bound and beaten Max, whom they abducted to force Tom to bring them the only surviving copy of the illegal film. Once he delivers it, but before he turns it over, they kill Max and beat Tom and then burn the film. As they are about to kill Tom, he tells them that Christian had paid $1 million for the film and that the reason Christian wanted the film made was for the simple reason that he had enough money to make it possible. Velvet, Poole, and Machine received much less and that Longdale kept the major portion. In an ensuing fight, Velvet and Longdale are both killed; Tom wounds Machine and escapes. He calls Mrs. Christian to tell her his discoveries and recommends going to the police, to which she agrees. Arriving at her estate, Tom is told that Mrs. Christian committed suicide after hearing the news. She left envelopes for the Mathews family and Tom: it contains the rest of his payment and a note reading, "Try to forget us." Tom decides to seek justice for the murdered girl by killing the remaining people involved. Tracking down Eddie, Tom takes him to the shooting location and tries to kill him. He calls Mrs. Mathews to tell her about her daughter and asks for her permission to punish those responsible. With that, he returns and beats Eddie to death with his pistol, before burning his body and pornography from his car. Tom traces Machine and attacks him at home. Tom unmasks him, revealing a bald, bespectacled man named George. He says, "What did you expect? A monster?" George goes on to tell Tom that he has no ulterior motive for his sadistic actions; he does them simply because he enjoys it. They struggle, and Tom kills him. After returning to his family, Tom receives a letter from Mrs. Mathews, thanking him and suggesting he and she were the only ones to care about Mary Ann. 
 Sleepy Hollow (1999)761) Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate the decapitations of three people, with the culprit being the legendary apparition, The Headless Horseman. The curse of The Headless Horseman (Christopher Walken) is the legacy of the small town of Sleepy Hollow. Spearheaded by the eager Constable Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) and his new world ways into the quagmire of secrets and murder, secrets once laid to rest, best forgotten and now reawakened, and he too, holding a dark secret of a past once gone. Cinema_Fan In 1799, young Police Detective Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) is sent from New York City to a small town called Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of murders. Approached by the town's council, Crane discovers that three of the murders were some of the most notable men in town. The council also says that the murders are the work of a deadly Hessian Horseman (Christopher Walken), whose head has been mysteriously chopped off. With the help from a young sidekick and the beautiful Katrina Van Tassel (Christina Ricci), Crane's investigation takes him further through the dark woods where more murders have been occurring. What Crane does not realize is that the mysterious Horseman is being controlled by someone in a sinister plot to kill the most suitable men in the village. Blazer346 After the head of a Hessian Horseman (Christopher Walken) is stolen, the horseman returns from Hell to take the heads of the people of Sleepy Hallow until its own is returned. Constable Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) is called in to investigate three murders. Through his investigation, he learns of the legend of The Headless Horseman, but he doesn't believe that the stories are true, until the horseman takes off the head of one of the elders right in front of his eyes. Now he must race to find out the origins of the horseman in order to send him back to his grave for good. But the question remains, if the head was stolen once, how safe is it? thexotherxchris In the early United States of America, young Police Detective Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) is sent from New York City to the fledgling settlement of Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of ghoulish murders. Upon his arrival, the town council informs him that the three victims were killed on open ground, and the heads had disappeared, taken by a headless ghost that is supposedly responsible. Ichabod is unconvinced of this, but learns more about the ghostly horseman. It is the ghost of a Hessian sent by the British during the Revolutionary War, and he was caught by Redcoats and decapitated with his own sword. When Ichabod sees the ghost kill one of the town council members, his skepticism evaporates and he soon discovers that the horseman's ghost has an unholy connection to Balthus Van Tassel (Sir Michael Gambon), a wealthy farmer, and with whose daughter Ichabod is falling in love. Derek O'Cain Constable Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) of the New York City Police arrives in the small village of Sleepy Hollow in 1799 to solve a mystery of murders. With all the victims found with their heads missing, everybody in Sleepy Hollow is talking about the ghost of The Headless Horseman (Christopher Walken). He is supposedly out in the woods seeking revenge for his murder many years ago. Crane, believing only in logic, refuses to believe the public's theory about the horseman and begins his investigations, only to find his faith shattered when he encounters The Headless Horseman. A magical tale of sense against myth. Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1799, New York City police constable Ichabod Crane is dispatched to the upstate Dutch hamlet of Sleepy Hollow, which has been plagued by a series of brutal decapitations: a wealthy father and son, and a widow. Received by the insular town elders-wealthy businessman Baltus Van Tassel; town doctor Thomas Lancaster; the Reverend Steenwyck; notary James Hardenbrook; and magistrate Samuel Philipse-Ichabod learns that locals believe the killer is the undead apparition of a headless Hessian mercenary from the American Revolutionary War who rides a black steed in search of his missing head. Ichabod begins his investigation, skeptical of the paranormal story. Boarding at the home of Baltus Van Tassel and his wife, Lady Van Tassel, he is taken with Baltus' spiritual daughter, Katrina. When a fourth victim is killed, Ichabod takes the victim's son, Young Masbath, under his wing. Ichabod and Masbath exhume the victims on a tip from Philipse, learning that the widow died pregnant; Ichabod witnesses the Horseman killing Philipse shortly after. He, Young Masbath and Katrina, venture into the Western Woods, where a crone living in a cave reveals the location of the Horseman's grave at the "Tree of the Dead." He digs up the Horseman's grave and discovers the skull has been taken, deducing that it has been stolen by someone who now controls him and that the tree is his portal into the living world. The Horseman then kills the village midwife and her family, as well as Katrina's suitor Brom when he attempts to intervene; Ichabod hypothesizes that the Horseman is attacking select targets linked by a conspiracy. He and Masbath visit Hardenbrook, who reveals that the first victim, Peter Van Garrett, had secretly married the widow, writing a new will that left his estate to her. Ichabod deduces that all the victims (except Brom) are either beneficiaries or witnesses to this new will, and that the Horseman's master is the person who would have otherwise inherited the estate: Baltus, a Van Garrett relative. Katrina, upon discovering the accusation, burns the evidence. Hardenbrook commits suicide, and Steenwyck convenes a town meeting to discredit Ichabod, but Baltus bursts into the assembly at the church, announcing that the Horseman has killed his wife. The Horseman attacks the church, but is unable to enter. In the chaos, the remaining elders turn on and attack each other: Steenwyck and Lancaster are killed, and the Horseman harpoons Baltus through a window, dragging him out of the church and acquiring his head. Initially concluding that Katrina controls the Horseman, Ichabod discovers that her diagram, which he believed summoned the Horseman, is really one of protection, and additionally finds a post-mortem wound on "Lady Van Tassel's" body. Lady Van Tassel, alive and well, then reveals herself to Katrina, and explains her true heritage from an impoverished family evicted years ago by Van Garrett when he favored Baltus and Katrina instead. She swore revenge against Van Garrett and all who had wronged her, pledging herself to Satan if he would raise the Horseman to avenge her, and also to claim the estate uncontested. Manipulating her way into the Van Tassel household, she used fear, blackmail, and lust to draw the other elders into her plot. Having eliminated all other heirs and witnesses - and having killed her sister, the crone, for aiding Ichabod - she summons the Horseman to finish Katrina. Ichabod and Masbath rush to the windmill as the Horseman arrives. After an escape that destroys the windmill and the subsequent chase to the Tree of the Dead, Ichabod throws the Horseman's skull to him. Freed, and with his head restored, the Horseman spares Katrina and attacks Lady Van Tassel, giving her a bloody kiss and returning to Hell with her in tow, fulfilling the deal. His faith restored, Ichabod returns to New York with Katrina and Young Masbath, just in time for the new century. 
 Panic Room (2002)541) A divorced woman and her diabetic daughter take refuge in their newly-purchased house's safe room, when three men break-in, searching for a missing fortune. Recently divorced Meg Altman and her daughter Sarah have bought a new home in New York. On their tour around the mansion, they come across the panic room. A room so secure, that no one can get in. When three burglars break in, Meg makes a move to the panic room. But all her troubles don't stop there. The criminals know where she is, and what they require the most in the house is in that very room. Film_Fan Meg Altman - emotionally estranged from her cheating ex-husband, pharmaceutical magnate Stephen Altman - and their street-wise pre-teen daughter Sarah Altman are spending their first night in their just purchased converted brownstone in the Upper West Side of Manhattan. The conversions, which include a functioning elevator and secure panic room, were made by the now deceased former owner, a wealthy recluse whose family is now fighting over the whereabouts of his vast estate. What Meg does not know is that part of that estate - supposedly $3 million - is hidden in a safe in the floor of the panic room, something that Burnham, Junior and Raoul know. Junior is the grandson of the previous owner, Burnham works for the security company that monitors the security system for the brownstone including its panic room, and Raoul is Junior's gun-toting hired hand. The three plan on retrieving the money. Believing the brownstone still empty, the three criminals break into the brownstone and quickly find that it is not as empty as they believed. When all five realize there are others unexpected in the house, Meg and Sarah are able to make it into the panic room, but one that as of yet has no functioning telephone, which Burnham knows. Burnham also knows there is no way for him or his partners to get into the panic room. The five are at a standoff as Meg and Sarah will not leave the panic room, while the three criminals won't leave until they get the money. As Meg and Sarah try to figure out how to get a message to the outside world - specifically either to the police or Stephen - they are working against time as Sarah is a diabetic who does not have access to her insulin. And the three criminals may have other foes besides the Altmans, the three who are differing personalities and thus have different motivations in stealing the money. Each may have different thoughts on how far they should go to get it. Huggo When burglars break in to a newly-bought house expecting to find money, they find its owners sleeping upstairs. The odds are against the claustrophobic mother and her child with low blood sugar when they are locked into the Panic Room, a room where they are "safe" from criminals. Unfortunately, they are locked in with the very money that the burglars want...and the burglars threaten to come in...or make the family of two come out. Jordan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Meg Altman ( Jodie Foster ) is searching for a new home with her 11 year-old daughter, Sarah ( Kristen Stewart ), on the Upper West Side in Manhattan. They tour a luxurious, four-story brownstone and are shown, among other things, the master bedroom which houses an interesting commodity: a panic room. Lydia Lynch ( Ann Magnuson ), the realtor, explains that the previous owner was a reclusive millionaire who built the hidden panic room as a safeguard against intruders. It's protected with four-inch walls and an impressive security system built in complete with a separate phone line and security cameras situated throughout the townhouse. However, despite Sarah's intrigue, Meg is apprehensive about the room. Still, pressured by the tight market and assured that the home will quickly close, Meg decides to move in right away. After some light unpacking and a pizza dinner, they settle in for the night. Meg checks her daughter's watch, designed to track her blood sugar and keep her type 1 diabetes in check, before retreating to her room to bathe and down a bottle of red wine, clearly distraught over the move and her recent divorce. She attempts to wire the phone system in the panic room but gives up and goes to bed as rain falls outside. Later that night, three men break into the house. Junior ( Jared Leto ), the grandson of the previous owner and Burnham ( Forest Whitaker ), an employee of the security system with which the panic room was fitted, intend to steal the $3 million in bearer bonds stored in a floor safe inside the panic room. Burnham is distressed to see, however, that Junior has recruited a buddy of his named Raoul ( Dwight Yoakam ) to assist in the heist. Burnham argues over Raoul's presence, saying that he knows nothing about him and the plan was for just two of them to quietly go in, get the money, and get out. His reservations are doubled, however, when the trio notice that the townhouse is occupied. Angry at Junior for failing to follow up on when the Altmans were supposed to have moved in and unwilling to continue the heist with people inside, Burnham threatens to leave. Junior persuades him that nothing bad will happen and convinces Burnham to stay and finish the job, reminding him that he needs the money more than any of them. Meanwhile, Meg wakes up to use the restroom. When she returns to her room, she finds that she left the lights on in the panic room. As she goes to turn them off, she notices the activated security cameras and sees the three men downstairs beginning to make their way up the staircase. She runs to Sarah's room and pours water over her face to wake her before she leads her down the hall. They make it to the elevator just as Raoul catches up to them. As they descend, Junior shouts down to Burnham on the ground floor to intersect them but Burnham refuses to hurt anyone. Sarah reminds her mother of the panic room and Meg hits the emergency stop on the elevator, redirecting it to the top floor. They exit the elevator and run into the panic room and shut the door just as Junior enters the master bedroom. In anger, he kicks the mirror hiding the panic room door, breaking it. Raoul calmly tells him that's seven years' bad luck. When Burnham finds out that the Altmans are in the panic room, he sadly tells the others that there is no way to get inside now. As Junior panics, Burnham assures him that there's nothing the women can do. Cell phones won't work in the panic room and he knows the emergency phone line hasn't been hooked up. Inside the panic room, Meg and Sarah discover that they have no way to contact the outside world for help. Feeling claustrophobic, Meg tries to calm herself and checks Sarah's watch before realizing that her glucagon syringes are outside and out of reach. The intercom system works and Meg threatens the men to leave or she will call the cops. However, Burnham makes it clear that he knows they don't have a phone and that they will not leave. Time passes and Meg continues to monitor the men through the surveillance system. Sarah peers through one of the bins inside the room, tossing aside blankets and things until she finds a flashlight. She lies on her stomach facing a vent allowing fresh air to circulate into the room from outside and puts the flashlight into it, turning it on and off in Morse Code for SOS. The light makes it across the alley into an adjacent apartment where a man ( Andrew Kevin Walker ) is sleeping. He soon stirs and gets up to see the light but, even when Meg and Sarah try to scream for help, he dismisses them and shuts his blinds. Meanwhile, Raoul and Junior attempt to tunnel into the panic room from the floor below with a sledgehammer but Burnham reminds them that they'll never get through the 4 inches of steel surrounding the room. Knowing that the women won't come out of the panic room themselves, Burnham devises a way to force them out. He retrieves a propane tank from the patio outside and attaches a garden hose to the nozzle. Picking up on the plan, Raoul uses a sledgehammer to break through the drywall in the master bedroom. Burnham breaks into the main ventilation pipe and feeds the hose into it, allowing just enough gas to filter into the room that Meg can smell it. His intent is just to send the women a message but Raoul becomes impatient and feeds more gasoline. Meg begins to cough but Raoul refuses to let up. Meg attempts to block off the vents with duct tape but the gas still seeps through. Desperate, she finds a lighter in the room and covers Sarah and herself with fireproof blankets before extending the lighter into the ventilation shaft. Hearing the ominous clanking of the lighter against the vent, Junior presses his ear to the wall as Burnham and Raoul back up. Meg ignites the gas and the explosion knocks her to the ground as the fire follows the path of the gas back into the room, severely burning Junior and propelling the propane tank into the far wall. Angered and in pain, Junior looks for medicine and argues with Raoul on his way downstairs. Burnham is kept out of their conversation and Raoul demands more money for his share in light of what's happened. As they argue and as Meg watches them from the surveillance cameras, she realizes that she can probably retrieve her cell phone from the bedroom and make it back before they notice. With Sarah watching, Meg opens the door and runs out to the bedroom, grabbing her phone but knocking over the lamp on the night stand. Burnham sees the light flicker from his point on the stairs and the men race back up to the room in time to see Meg dive back into the panic room. Junior panics when he sees that Meg has a cell phone but Burnham reminds him that cell phones won't work in there. Meg finds this out the hard way until she discovers that she can hardwire the house line to the emergency phone line in the room. She manages to reach into the circuitry and tap the main line as Burnham, having seen the wire disappear from the outlet in the bedroom, races downstairs to cut the line. After being placed on hold by the police, Meg follows her daughter's suggestion of calling her ex-husband, Stephen. Stephen's girlfriend ( Nicole Kidman ) picks up inciting a hostile reaction from Meg. She is finally able to speak to Stephen for just a moment before Burnham cuts the line. Meg remains resolute that Stephen will help them but Sarah is not convinced. She then confesses to her mother that she's been feeling dizzy and hungry. As Meg pilfers through the bin for something with sugar, Junior goes downstairs. He lets slip to Raoul and Burnham that there is actually more money in the safe than he initially told them but that it's not even worth it now and he wants to leave. Raoul pulls out a gun and threatens Junior, to Burnham's indignation. Junior refuses to follow through with the heist, so Raoul shoots him in the head. Meg witnesses this from the surveillance cameras and hides the view from Sarah. Raoul then threatens Burnham to complete the job just as someone walks into the house. Meg watches, horrified, as Stephen ( Patrick Bauchau ) is brought into the main room at gunpoint and fails to hide this fact from Sarah. In view of the cameras, Raoul begins to beat up Stephen and Burnham tries to tell Meg that it will stop if she leaves the room. Helpless, Meg cradles Sarah and screams in frustration until Sarah's watch beeps in alarm. Her blood sugar dangerously low, Sarah suffers a seizure. Her seizing eventually subsides and Sarah is left in a semi-conscious state. Raoul and Burnham then use Stephen's unconscious form to trick Meg out of the room. Already desperate for Sarah's medicine, Meg resolves to leave. She finds Sarah's medicine pouch as Raoul and Burnham enter the panic room. Meg returns and struggles with Raoul who is thrown into the panic room. Burnham shuts the door as Meg throws Sarah's medicine pouch inside. Raoul's hand is crushed in the sliding door and he loses his gun. Meg is able to retrieve it and she activates the two-way intercom system to beg the men to let her give her daughter an injection. Burnham refuses to open the door, afraid that Meg will shoot them, so Meg demands that he give Sarah the injection himself. He agrees, but only if she'll leave the room. Raoul shouts out that if Meg calls the police or if she tries to leave the house, he will kill Sarah. Meg leaves and runs downstairs where she finds Stephen. He is alive but badly injured, so Meg props him up in a chair. Raoul manages to extract his hand from the door and sits in agony as Burnham opens the medicine pouch and follows Sarah's instructions to give her the injection. Burnham explains that it wasn't his intent to harm anyone and that he only wants a brighter future for his son. He tells Sarah that she and her mother weren't supposed to be here tonight. Once he is complete, he tells Meg over the intercom that Sarah will be all right. Then, he opens his duffel bag and removes a contraption that he uses to access the safe in the floor of the panic room. He gets the safe open and removes over $22 million in bearer bonds. Suddenly, the doorbell rings. Raoul and Burnham see that the police have arrived. Stephen admits that he called the police before coming over. Knowing that the intruders are watching, Meg calms down and answers the door, acting as though she just woke up. The Officer Keeney ( Paul Schulze ) tells Meg that he and Officer Morales ( Mel Rodriguez ) are responding to an earlier call and a neighbor's complaint about shouts coming from her home. Meg lies to the officers and convinces them to leave, although Keeney suspects something. He goes so far as to suggest that Meg can't speak right now and assures her that they will remain in the area, but Meg laughs him off and shuts the door. With the police gone and Meg briefly out of sight, Raoul and Burnham leave the panic room with Sarah in tow. They walk downstairs where they come face to face with Stephen in his chair and a gun in his hands pointed at them. He demands that Sarah be released but Raoul refuses. Stephen shoots and misses as Meg comes down on Raoul from upstairs with a sledgehammer. She knocks Raoul over the bannister where he falls and breaks his leg as Burnham runs out to the patio with the bearer bonds under his arm. Hardly disabled despite his broken leg, Raoul attacks Meg and overpowers her. Sarah jumps on his back and stabs him in the neck with her syringe but Raoul knocks her off violently. Sarah crawls into the fireplace, screaming as Raoul grabs his sledgehammer and threatens to crush Meg with it. However, a shot rings out and Raoul falls over dead. Meg looks to see Burnham standing over her with Raoul's gun. He tells Meg that they'll be alright now before leaving. However, as soon as he walks outside into the alley, he is surrounded by SWAT team members and forced at gunpoint to raise his arms. He does so and the loose bearer bonds fly out of his grasp with the wind and out of sight. Stephen recovers and Meg and Sarah are soon left searching for another home together as they heal from their ordeal. Sitting on a park bench together, Sarah suggests a nice, simple apartment and Meg smiles in agreement. 
 Se7en (1995)761) Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives. A film about two homicide detectives' ( Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt ) desperate hunt for a serial killer who justifies his crimes as absolution for the world's ignorance of the Seven Deadly Sins. The movie takes us from the tortured remains of one victim to the next as the sociopathic "John Doe" ( Kevin Spacey ) sermonizes to Detectives Somerset and Mills -- one sin at a time. The sin of Gluttony comes first and the murderer's terrible capacity is graphically demonstrated in the dark and subdued tones characteristic of film noir. The seasoned and cultured but jaded Somerset researches the Seven Deadly Sins in an effort to understand the killer's modus operandi while the bright but green and impulsive Detective Mills (Pitt) scoffs at his efforts to get inside the mind of a killer... Mark Fleetwood <mfleetwo@mail.coin.missouri.edu> Taking place in a nameless city, Se7en follows the story of two homicide detectives tracking down a sadistic serial killer ( Kevin Spacey ) who chooses his victims according to the seven deadly sins. Brad Pitt stars as Detective David Mills, a hopeful but naive rookie who finds himself partnered with veteran Detective William Somerset ( Morgan Freeman ). Together they trace the killer's every step, witnessing the aftermath of his horrific crimes one by one as the victims pile up in rapid succession, all the while moving closer to a gruesome fate neither of them could have predicted. David Foyer Two police detectives - one, Somerset, about to retire and the other, Mills, just transferred into the precinct - investigate the murder of an obese man. On his wall was written the word "Gluttony". Then they are alerted to the murder of a lawyer. On his floor was written the word "Greed". Somerset suspects that the murders were the work of the same man, a man murdering people who have committed the seven deadly sins. grantss Two detectives, one about to leave and one entering find themselves following a series of murders, they find clues linking the deaths and the seven sins. The movie follows the cops, their family and tracking down the mass murderer who delivers an unforgettable ending. This thriller portrays the exploits of a deranged serial killer. His twisted agenda involves choosing seven victims who represent egregious examples of transgressions of each of the Seven Deadly Sins. He then views himself as akin to the Sword of God, handing out horrific punishment to these sinners. Two cops, an experienced veteran of the streets ( Morgan Freeman ) who is about to retire and the ambitious young homicide detective ( Brad Pitt ) hired to replace him, team up to capture the perpetrator of these gruesome killings. Unfortunately, they too become ensnared in his diabolical plan.... Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In an unidentified city of constant rain and urban decay, Detective William Somerset ( Morgan Freeman ) is preparing to retire and leave the horrors of the city. Before he retires, he is partnered with Detective David Mills ( Brad Pitt ), a cocky, young and short-tempered cop from Springfield, a comparatively small town. He and Somerset meet at the scene of a homicide Somerset is investigating. Somerset offers to take Mills out for a drink so they can talk and get to know each other but Mills is too eager to get right to work and is unimpressed with Somerset's attempt to mentor him. The two investigate the murder of a morbidly obese man ( Bob Mack ) who was fed spaghetti until a kick to his stomach burst him open. Somerset investigates the murder while Mills is given the murder case of prominent Defense Attorney Eli Gould ( Gene Borkan ), with GREED written in Gould's blood on the floor. Gould was forced to carve a pound of flesh off of his body, and subsequently bled to death. The police captain gives Somerset an evidence container with three slivers of a plastic-like material found in the stomach of the obese man, which he was forced to consume along with the spaghetti. Going to the victim's house, Somerset finds three groove marks in front of the refrigerator and finds that the plastic-like slivers fit into them perfectly. Knowing the slivers resulted from the refrigerator being moved, Somerset looks behind it. He finds the word GLUTTONY written behind the fridge in grease, along with a note containing a quote from Milton's Paradise Lost. Somerset theorizes that a serial killer is basing his crimes on the Seven Deadly Sins, with five more to go. To give Mills and Somerset a chance to get along with each other, Mills's wife, Tracy Mills ( Gwyneth Paltrow ) invites Somerset over for dinner. While they are eating, an elevated train passes by on the track nearby, making the building and all its contents and inhabitants tremble: the couple mention that that's why the realtor was so nervous for them to see the apartment quickly, trying to hide the proximity of the train. After Tracy goes to bed, Mills and Somerset examine case evidence from the two scenes. They find a picture of Gould's wife with blood painted around the eyes. Believing that this means she is supposed to spot something about the murder scene that nobody else would, the detectives have a distraught Mrs. Gould ( Julie Araskog ) look at the pictures in a safe house and she notices an abstract painting that is upside down. Brushing powder on the wall behind the painting, Somerset finds fingerprints outlining the words "Help Me." After running the fingerprints through AFIS, the prints are traced a day later to a pedophile named Victor ( Michael Reid MacKay ), who escaped conviction for the rape of a minor due to the efforts of his lawyer, Eli Gould, the GREED victim. SWAT and the detectives raid his apartment and find Victor to be the SLOTH victim, having been bound to his bed for one year to the day, as evidenced by pictures at the scene; one taken every day from the day he is discovered. Remarkably, he is still alive but suffering from severe physical and mental deterioration. His hand was cut off and pushed onto the wall behind the painting to leave the prints. Mills and Somerset ask to interrogate Victor in the hospital, but the doctor says that he's chewed off his tongue and that "his brain is mush" from the ordeal. That evening, Tracy calls Somerset and requests that he meet with her. The next morning, Somerset meets Tracy in a diner where she tells him how miserable she is in "the city." At Somerset's urging, Tracy reveals the truth of her request to meet: she is pregnant, afraid of raising a child where they now live and afraid of telling David. Somerset advises her to tell her husband only if she decides to have it, and he sets himself as an example: he insisted his partner have an abortion, that he finally convinced her, and now he is remorseful. Later that day, using a contact in the FBI, Somerset gets a library list of people who have borrowed books related to the Seven Deadly Sins. The list leads the detectives to a man named John Doe, whose apartment they visit soon after. Doe, his face hidden, sees them as he comes home, pulls out a gun and begins shooting. After a short chase, Doe hits Mills with a tire iron, keeps him subdued at gunpoint, but lets him live and suddenly flees. Mills wants to force their way into Doe's apartment, believing that they have probable cause because Doe shot at them. Somerset tries to talk him down, saying the method they used to find Doe's apartment was illegal and that Doe would go free if they caught him. Mills kicks the door in anyway. While they search the apartment (after bribing a resident to claim she had called the detectives about Doe) they find notebooks of his thoughts, trophies of the crimes and a picture of Mills fighting off Doe, who, at the time, was posing as a press photographer. John Doe calls the apartment and congratulates the detectives on them finding him and apologizes for hitting Mills, also telling the young detective that he "admires" him greatly. Their actions, he says, have caused him to change his plans, and he hangs up. They also find a photo of a young woman, a prostitute ( Cat Mueller ), who they believe may be the next victim. A receipt leads them to a S&M leather shop where Doe placed an order for a sexual device. The girl is soon found dead in a room with LUST written on the door. Also found in the room is a visibly shaken man ( Leland Orser ) forced by Doe at gunpoint to wear and use the device, a large strap-on dildo with a blade attachment, to rape and kill the girl. The owner of the place, Wild Billy ( Martin Serene ) can give no clue to the physical aspect or the briefcase John Doe used, as every customer used to carry special clothes or equipment into the place. The next morning, a model ( Heidi Schanz ) is found dead with PRIDE written on the crime scene. Her nose has been cut off ("to spite her face") upon which Doe gave her the choice of suicide by sleeping pills or calling for help and living scarred. She chose the former, and swallowed the pills. As the detectives return to the police headquarters, John Doe walks up to them, his hands bleeding (he shaved the skin from his fingertips to avoid identification) and gives himself up. He talks to his lawyer and agrees that if he can take Somerset and Mills to two more bodies, he will confess to all the murders. Doe's lawyer also warns that if Somerset and Mills don't agree, Doe will plead insanity and the last two victims may never be found. Wanting a confession, the detectives agree. Somerset and Mills both have microphones taped to their chests so the rest of the task force can monitor their conversation with Doe. During the prep, Mills tries to tell Somerset about a concern he has with Tracy, but can't bring himself to talk fully about it. As the three travel to the desert outskirts of the city in a car, they are trailed by a police helicopter for security (flown by John Santin and James Deeth). Doe explains his rationale behind the murders as a way of showing people the truly evil nature of the world, as well as his desire to punish the wicked. He goes on to say he will be remembered and admired for what he has done, having been "chosen" to do so. As Doe speaks, the disgusted Mills is driven to rage, and screams at Doe while Somerset remains calm, but plainly worried. Once they reach the outskirts, Doe directs them to a specific spot near some power cable towers. The detectives walk Doe out to an open spot. After a few moments, a van appears and Somerset stops it several hundred yards away, leaving Mills behind to cover Doe. The driver (Richmond Arquette) claims someone paid him $500 to deliver a box to Mills at this place at exactly 7 o'clock. As Somerset opens the box, he recoils in horror from what he sees inside. As he races back to Mills and desperately yells for him to throw his gun away, Doe states to Mills that he admires Mills's life, to the point of being envious of his wife and the love they share. He goes further, saying he visited Mills' home and that he tried to "play husband" with Tracy that day but it didn't work out and he took a souvenir instead: "her pretty head." It was Doe's plan that Mills will kill him, as Doe himself was guilty of ENVY, jealous of Mills's simpler life. He also reveals to Mills that Tracy was pregnant, and that she begged to be kept alive for the child's sake. Mills, despite the pleading of Somerset, is so devastated by his wife's death and the knowledge that she was pregnant, that he shoots Doe in the head, Doe closing his eyes to receive his punishment. Mills shoots Doe's body five more times. In killing Doe in vengeance, Mills comes to embody the sin of WRATH, completing Doe's "masterpiece." Somerset can only stand by, helpless to do anything. After a catatonic Mills is taken away, their captain tells Somerset that they'll "take care of Mills," knowing the jury will condemn him. Somerset answers, "Whatever he needs". He also tells his captain that he will be "around;" implying that he will be staying on the force. As the camera pans out from the desert, the movie ends with Somerset quoting Ernest Hemingway: "'The world is a fine place, and worth fighting for.' I agree with the second part." 