nm0005407:

 The Specialist (1994)651) A woman entices a bomb expert she's involved with into destroying the mafia that killed her family. Ray Quick is a bomb expert who worked for the CIA along with a guy named Ned Trent, who's extremely demented. When they have a falling out, Ray becomes a freelancer who lives off the grid. A woman named May Munro contacts and wants him to kill the three men who killed her family years ago, who work for the Leon crime family. Ray does it and after killing the first one, the Leons need to find the one who did it and it turns out Ned is now working for them and they task him with finding the bomber. The Leons get him to work with the police and he looks for the bomber. In the meantime Ray, while working on getting the others, can't help but follow May wherever she goes. rcs0411@yahoo.com Ray Quick is an ex-CIA bomb expert now living as an high-tech outsider somewhere in Miami, Florida. May Munro has heard of his skills and tries over and over to convince Ray to bomb the guys who once killed her parents. Ray begins to overshadow May. He is interested in May's case, but still is of the opinion to never use his skills again. The situation changes dramatically when a former CIA comrade of Ray appears on the scene. Oliver Heidelbach Ray Quick is a former CIA explosives expert turned bomber-for-hire living in Miami, Florida. Ray's latest client is a beautiful woman named May Munro, May hires Ray to assassinate Miami mobsters who murdered her parents when she was a child. Agreeing, Ray eliminates the three mobsters one-by-one and blows them up. But things go from bad to worse, one of the mobsters Ray has killed is Tomas Leon, the son of Miami crime boss Joe Leon and Ned Trent, a vicious and crooked Ex CIA agent (Ray's former college) is working for the Miami mob and was Tomas's bodyguard, has been assigned by Joe to find the bomber-for-hire who killed his son and his two employees. Ray becomes distrustful and suspicious of May, and suspects May has set him up and is working for Ned who is out to get his revenge on Ray. Daniel Williamson May Munro is a woman obsessed with getting revenge on the people who murdered her parents when she was still a girl. She hires Ray Quick, a retired explosives expert to kill her parent's killers. When Ned Trent, embittered ex-partner of Quick's is assigned to protect one of Quick's potential victims, a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues. James Hastie <jdh1000@cus.cam.ac.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 1984. Ray Quick ( Sylvester Stallone ) and Ned Trent ( James Woods ) are explosives experts for the CIA, on an assignment to blow up a bridge while a certain vehicle is passing over it. Quick rigs everything on the bridge, after which Trent sets off the timer. As the target vehicle approaches, Quick sees a child inside, and pleads with Trent to stop the timer. Trent refuses. Quick runs back to the bridge and tries to disable the bomb there, but is too late. In the violent confrontation between Quick and Trent that follows, Quick vows that Trent's career in the CIA will be over because of this. Fast-forward to the "present day," which is 1994. Trent is indeed out of the CIA and now works as head of security for a mobster named Joe Leon ( Rod Steiger ), but still seeks revenge on Quick. Quick has also left the CIA and now works as a free-lance bomber-for-hire. He lives secretively in an abandoned waterfront warehouse he has converted into an armed bunker, and refuses to meet personally with his clients or even let them contact him. His only communication with clients is when he contacts them, usually by taking public transit to another part of the city and using a pay phone. On one such bus ride, Quick gets out of his seat and offers it to a pregnant woman, only to have a young hoodlum take the seat instead. Quick calmly beats the crap out of the hoodlum and all his friends, throwing one of them out a window (not open), and then re-offers the seat to the woman. This scene has no bearing on the plot, but helps us get to know Quick. Quick has been hired by a young woman named May Munro ( Sharon Stone ) to kill the three men who killed her parents years ago, who happen to be Joe Leon's son Tomas ( Eric Roberts ) and two henchmen. Eventually we learn that May has been hired by Trent to lure Quick out into the open where Trent can get his revenge. As Trent describes the arrangement, "You get your three corpses, I get Quick." May not only wants her corpses but wants to watch Tomas Leon die, and therefore spends time at parties at the Leon compound. Tomas takes a liking to her and makes a pass, which May pretends to respond to favorably. But afterwards she is so disgusted at having been that close to him that, when she gets home, she throws the dress she was wearing while with him in the trash, and mopes around the house the rest of the evening in nothing but her panties. This also does not advance the plot in any way, but helps us get to know May. After Quick dispatches the two henchmen in separate incidents (the second involving a bomb with an LED screen that displays "Bye Bye" before it explodes), Joe Leon convinces his friend the chief of police that the police need Trent's explosives expertise to help solve the case. The chief arranges for Trent to work with the bomb squad. In order to impress and intimidate his new colleagues, Trent takes some parts lying on a table at the bomb squad headquarters, puts together a bomb, and activiates it, daring the cops to deactivate it before it explodes. When they are unable to, he does. When Quick takes out Tomas, May arranges to be in the same room, and introduces herself (her real identity) to him right before the explosion. She is not injured but fakes her own death by going to the hospital and dropping her wallet into the purse of a dying junkie. Stallone goes to the funeral of the woman identified as May Munro, and finds the living May there, who is lurking in the background expecting him to show. They leave, after which Trent arrives somewhat less unobtrusively, confronting the priest at gunpoint and demanding that the coffin be opened. Quick and May go to a hotel, where their interactions in the bedroom and the shower go beyond discussion of business. But May leaves in the morning while Quick is still asleep and is captured by Trent, who forces her to reveal Quick's location. But when Trent and his men arrive at the hotel room, Quick is gone, and explosives he has rigged detach that portion of the hotel (with some of Trent's men in it) from the building as a whole, falling into the water below. With Trent prepared to kill her if she doesn't cooperate, May arranges to meet with Quick at a waterfront restaurant, but is able to word things in such a way that Quick recognizes that it's a trap. Quick and May escape out the back in a boat, but in an impressive bit of detective work, Trent and the cops determine the location of Quick's residence, and arrive the next morning with what looks like the entire police force. But Quick has the whole place rigged, and after several huge displays of pyrotechnics, Quick and May escape yet again. This time Trent does not. Along the way May has learned that it was Joe Leon himself who ordered the hit on her parents. So in the end, we find Joe opening a small package, in which he finds a locket, which he opens to reveal a picture of May's parents. Boom. Watching from nearby, May gets into a car with Quick and they drive away. 
 Pocahontas (I) (1995)Summaries An English soldier and the daughter of an Algonquin chief share a romance when English colonists invade seventeenth century Virginia. This is the Disney animated tale of the romance between a young Native American woman named Pocahontas (Irene Bedard) and Captain John Smith (Mel Gibson), who journeyed to the New World with other settlers to begin fresh lives. Her powerful father, Chief Powhatan (Russell Means), disapproves of their relationship and wants her to marry a native warrior. Meanwhile, Smith's fellow Englishmen hope to rob the Native Americans of their gold. Can Pocahontas' love for Smith save the day? Jwelch5742 Captain John Smith (Mel Gibson) leads a rag-tag band of English sailors and soldiers to the New World to plunder its riches for England (or, more precisely, for Governor Ratcliffe (David Ogden Stiers), who comes along for the ride). Meanwhile, in this "New World," Chief Powhatan (Russell Means) has pledged his daughter, Pocahontas (Irene Bedard), to be married to the village's greatest warrior. Pocahontas, however, has other ideas. She has seen a vision of a spinning arrow, a vision she believes tells her change is coming. Her life does indeed change when the English ship lands near her village. Between Ratcliffe, who believes the "savages" are hiding the gold he expected to be plentiful, and Powhatan, who believes these pale newcomers will destroy their land, Smith and Pocahontas have a difficult time preventing all-out war, and saving their love for each other. Joe Sewell <jsewell@iu.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chasing Papi (2003)Summaries A successful executive in the cosmetic industry has three sexy girlfriends in three different states. When they decide to visit him in L.A., he's in big trouble. The successful and handsome wolf executive of the cosmetic industry Thomas Fuentes has three sexy Latin girlfriends: in Miami, the waitress Cici; in Chicago, the intellectual lawyer Lorena; and in New York, the "daddy's girl" Patricia. When the three women decide to visit him in Los Angeles, Thomas is in a big trouble. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A comedy which revolves around three disparate women--a buttoned down lawyer from Chicago, a Miami cocktail waitress, and a wealthy, sheltered New Yorker--who discover they share something in common: a boyfriend from L.A. Unfortunately, they are all involved with the same irresistible, charming lothario who has been three-timing them across the country, with great expertise. They decide to teach their papi chulo a lesson, but instead end up on a wild adventure of their own, which takes them to a beauty pageant, a dance festival, and into some dangerous run-ins with a pair of shady characters. Sujit R. Varma It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bella (2006)431) A chef with a mysterious past spends the day with a waitress who needs a friend. An international soccer star is on his way to sign a multimillion-dollar contract when a series of events unfold that bring his career to an abrupt end. A beautiful waitress, struggling to make it in New York City, discovers something about herself that she's unprepared for. In one irreversible moment, their lives are turned upside down... until a simple gesture of kindness brings them both together, turning an ordinary day to an unforgettable experience. Orange An international soccer star is on his way to sign a multimillion-dollar contract when something happens that brings his career to an abrupt end. A waitress, struggling to make it in New York City, discovers something about herself that she's unprepared for. In one irreversible moment, their lives are turned upside down...until an impetuous action brings them together and turns an ordinary day into an unforgettable experience. Once a famous athlete, and now a cook at his brother's Mexican restaurant, Jos has retreated from the world but he recognizes something in Nina, a young waitress, and reaches out to her. In the course of a single day, he not only confronts his past but shows her how the healing power of a family can help her embrace the future. M. Robertson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bella is a story within a story within yet another story. Jose is at a beach in present time reminescing of a time 4 or 5 years ago when he shared a life-changing day with Nina, a waitress that worked at the same restaurant as he. During that day, he comes to face yet even another story that haunts him from his past. Nina is facing a tough decision and when Jose' shares a tragedy that affected his life and how his family helped him cope, Nina is also transformed. Nina is then able to make a decision that will forever link her life to Jose's beyond even romance. 