nm0009644:

 EastEnders (1985 )Summaries The everyday lives of working-class inhabitants of Albert Square, a traditional Victorian square of terrace houses surrounding a park in the East End of London's Walford borough. The square includes the Queen Vic pub and a street market. Set in the East End of London, the show focuses on the tensions between love and family with stories ranging from hard-hitting social issues, to personal, human tragedies. And there's plenty of funny moments too. Classic characters old and new across thousands of episodes have shared a drink in The Queen Vic, shed tears of despair or joy, sat on Arthur's bench in the Square - and at some point or other they probably crossed paths with Ian Beale. ahmetkozan A British soap that has been running since 1985, about the lives of people living on Albert Square in the fictitious Walford borough of East London. James2001 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cameleon (1997)Summaries 1942. Delme Davies, a wayward idealistic young man, joins the army in a quest for excitement and adventure. One night he returns home unexpectedly to his widowed mother, Iwanna and brother, Elfed Davies. Absent without leave, he hides in the lofts of Temple Row, the terrace of drab Victorian cottages in Delme's home village in South Wales where his family lives. Despite regular raids from military police, he remains undetected as he has discovered that the attic links all six houses in Temple Row. Delme is able to keep himself hidden by moving from house to house. He spends time with each household, sharing their homes, adapting to each family's ways... Jean Lejuez <travelling.cherbourg@wanadoo.fr> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The District Nurse (19841987)Summaries Period drama following the life of Megan Roberts, a forward thinking distinct nurse in the South Wales mining town of Pencwm. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Eldorado (19921993)Summaries A soap opera about the ex-pats who lived in Los Barcos. The series focused mainly on the British and their lives, loves and attempts to make a new life for themselves. Pete A soap of two halves. Woefully bad at the start with some truly awful acting, I'm looking at you Fizz and Snowy, but the adage of so bad it's good definitely applied here. One major problem which was never satisfactorily resolved was having french, Spanish, and Dutch families speaking among themselves without subtitles. Later in the show everybody spoke English which stretched credulity. At almost exactly the half way mark Eldorado suddenly became something you could admit to watching. The storylines were stronger and grittier and it went out on a high. It's a shame as the viewing figures were healthy. podcastofevil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 