nm0006683:

 Spring Breakers (2012)431) Four college girls hold up a restaurant in order to fund their spring break vacation. While partying, drinking, and taking drugs, they are arrested, only to be bailed out by a drug and arms dealer. Brit, Candy, Cotty, and Faith have been best friends since grade school. They live together in a boring college dorm and are hungry for adventure. All they have to do is save enough money for spring break to get their shot at having some real fun. A serendipitous encounter with rapper "Alien" promises to provide the girls with all the thrill and excitement they could hope for. With the encouragement of their new friend, it soon becomes unclear how far the girls are willing to go to experience a spring break they will never forget. Muse Productions Left broke and alone on campus as their classmates head to Florida for some fun in the sun, coeds Candy (Vanessa Hudgens), Brit (Ashley Benson) and Cotty (Rachel Korine) steal a car, rob a local diner with plastic guns, and head south with their devoutly religious girlfriend Faith (Selena Gomez) in tow. But when the girls are thrown in jail following a police raid on a beachfront apartment, it looks like the party is over until wild-eyed drug dealer Alien (James Franco) inexplicably posts their bail. Sensing danger, Faith boards a bus bound for school as her three friends fall into a dangerous cycle of drugs and debauchery. Later, a scary run-in with Alien's bitter rival prompts yet another of the girls to hightail it back to campus, leaving the remaining two to embrace their dangerous new lifestyle with reckless abandon.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Childhood friends Faith ( Selena Gomez ), Brit ( Ashley Benson ), Candy ( Vanessa Hudgens ), and Cotty ( Rachel Korine ) seem to be the only people left on their college campus. The rest of their classmates have migrated south to Florida for spring break, and the girls are desperate to join them. Brit, Candy, and Cotty decide to rob a local fast food restaurant to get the money they need to take the vacation. Cotty drives, and Brit and Candy bust into the joint with a hammer and a fake gun. They steal hundreds of dollars, and after burning the car, the trio brings their loot to Faith. Faith, who demonstrates a bit more of a conscience than her friends, overlooks her horror at their crime in favor of a free vacation. When the foursome arrives in Florida, they quickly immerse themselves in spring break culture: drinking, drugs, and never-ending parties. Faith feels as though Florida is the most spiritual place she has ever been; she feels as though she has found herself. The days melt into a blur of alcohol, swimming at the beach, and grinding against fellow "spring breakers." The only uncomfortable moment arises when Brit, Candy, and Cotty describe the robbery to Faith. Brit and Candy terrorized the people in the restaurant by threatening to kill them if they didnt give them their money. When Faith sees how much her friends enjoyed stealing and scaring people, she is taken aback. The four girls attend a beachside concert and see Alien ( James Franco ), a drug-dealing rapper, for the first time. Alien claims to come from another planet and also revels in the spring break culture. Later, the foursome goes to an out of control party at a motel. They snort cocaine, damage the motel, and are eventually arrested by local police. They spend the night in a county jail and appear in court the next day still dressed in their bikinis. The judge gives them a choice: pay a fine or spend two more days in jail. Brit protests that they dont have any money, and for a moment it looks like they might go back to their cell. Luckily for them, two of Alien's grunts were arrested at the same party, and he has come to post their bail. Something about the foursome appeals to him, because he bails them out of jail too. Alien greets Faith, Brit, Candy, and Cotty as they exit the jail. He wants to show them around town. While Brit, Candy, and Cotty jump at the chance to ride around in Alien's sleek car, Faith is suspicious of him. Her misgivings about Alien grow when she learns he sells drugs for a living. That evening, when Alien takes the girls to a party where older men, most of them African American, leer at them. Faith breaks down crying and decides to go home, even after Alien tries to convince her to stay. Faith heads back to college (thus is never seen again in the film), and the remaining three girls move in to Alien's house. Brit and Candy, even more wild than Cotty, giggle as Alien shows them his bedroom, which is packed with guns, Scarface memorabilia, and stacks of money. The pair take two of Alien's guns, both loaded, and playfully point them at him. He tells them to stop, but Brit tells him to get on his knees. She and Candy force Alien to fellate the barrels of the guns, which he does with gusto. When he finishes, the three begin kissing, and Alien tells him theyre his soul mates. Later, Alien takes the trio to a strip club. He gives them wads of cash to toss at the strippers and points out Big Arch, his former mentor and current competitor. Big Arch ( Gucci Mane ) menaces Alien and tells him to go back to ripping off spring breakers; he owns the drug trade in town, and he doesn't feel like sharing. Alien pretends that Big Arch's threats don't bother him. He buys Brit, Candy, and Cotty matching bathing suits, pink ski masks, and sweatpants. Together, the four of them bust in to spring break parties and rob the people there. The robberies become more violent, and Brit and Candy especially seem to become more depraved. Meanwhile, Big Arch is still angry that Alien sells drugs. He and an associate drive past Alien's car one night and warn him to back off; then they open fire into the car, and one bullet hits Cotty in the arm. She breaks down afterwards and sobs in the shower. Cotty also wants to go home, and she leaves the next morning. Alien wants to exact revenge on Big Arch, and so do Brit and Candy. The trio has a threesome in Alien's pool, and Alien tells Brit and Candy he loves them. Brit and Candy both call their mothers and tell them what an amazing time they're having on spring break; they pretend they are back at school and that now they want to be better people. Brit and Candy, clad only in neon bikinis and ski masks, climb into Alien's boat and drive to Big Arch's waterfront mansion. One of Big Arch's bodyguards opens fire and shoots Alien in the head as he charges down the dock. Brit and Candy return fire and kill him. The pair proceeds to shoot and kill the rest of the bodyguards at Big Arch's mansion. They find Big Arch in his bathtub and shoot him dead. The murderous and deranged Brit and Candy watch the sun rise in Florida one last time before driving out of town for places unknown in Big Arch's sports car. A flashback shows the two girls kissing Alien's corpse before running down the dock. 
 Palo Alto (2013)321) An unflinching portrait of adolescent lust, boredom, and self-destruction that centers around a shy young girl on the cusp of an illicit relationship with her soccer coach. Shy, sensitive April is the class virgin, torn between an illicit flirtation with her soccer coach Mr. B and an unrequited crush on sweet stoner Teddy. Emily, meanwhile, offers sexual favors to every boy to cross her path - including both Teddy and his best friend Fred, a life wire without filters or boundaries. As one high school party bleeds into the next - and April and Teddy struggle to admit their mutual affection - Fred's escalating recklessness starts to spiral into chaos. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two teenage boys, Teddy and Fred, are sat in a car listening to the radio while drinking and smoking marijuana. Fred asks Teddy what he'd do if he lived in the "olden times". Teddy responds, asking which "olden time" he is referring to. Fred tells Teddy that he means the age of King Arthur, in the 5th and 6th centuries respectively. Teddy tells Fred he'd be the king to Fred's disapproval. Teddy then says he'd take the virginity of every girl in the kingdom. Fred replies to Teddy telling him that he could never be king, or even a duke for that matter. He claims that the fact Teddy even said he'd be king defers him from being royal altogether, and calls him a peasant. Teddy tells Fred about how people who go back in time always end up being the king or knowing the king. Fred then tells him that they are stories, referring to it as "Aristotle s***". Teddy then tells Fred that if he lived in a world where Fred was king, he'd kill himself. Fred then tells him that he would be dead as he would be the king, then abruptly driving the car head-on into the wall in front of them. The title card then appears with Teddy swearing and Fred laughing manically and blasting the car horn. Teddy then touches the side of his head which appears to be bleeding. He doesn't say anything and just looks ahead while Fred continues to laugh and whoop with joy. Standing by a fence on a school playing field, April, a shy and sensitive girl, smokes a cigarette before being called over by her soccer coach, Mr. B. She reluctantly stubs out her cigarette and runs down to meet them. Mr. B then asks all the girls in the team to gather around in a circle to stretch their muscles. One of April's peers, Chrissy, makes a remark about the good looks of their soccer coach. Another girl, Shauna, agrees with her, then jumping to the conclusion that he is in love with April to her surprise and asks why they think that. They claim that he let April go and have a cigarette break, which April claims to have been a bathroom break instead. Shauna rolls her eyes and then Chrissy tells April to jump at the chance of having a relationship with Mr. B. April disapproves because she babysits Mr. B's young son, Michael. The girls ask April why that's a problem to which she doesn't reply. Chrissy then makes a comment about what Mr. B would look like during climax. The girls laugh and make impressions as to what they think it would look like. Mr. B then says goodbye to them and April worries that he may have heard what she and the girls said about him. Chrissy and Shauna responds by laughing and then Mr. B calls April over for a quick word, asking if she can babysit Michael as he has a date, then remarking that he doesn't know why he tries as dates are always stupid. He and April chuckle. April agrees to babysit Michael. Mr. B then tells April that he thinks she should play as the striker in their next game, telling her that he thinks she could handle the responsibility and pressure that comes with it. He then says goodbye and April smiles to herself. Fred and Teddy are stood in a desolate area, smoking. Fred throws his milkshake on the floor while Teddy writes something on the ledge of a window in permanent marker. Fred taps out a rhythmic beat on his legs with his fingers. Teddy then persuades Fred to go somewhere else, claiming that the place they're in is dead. On the way back to the car, Fred asks Teddy what he would do if he was in a car accident. Teddy says he'd be annoyed, but then Fred tells him he means a drink-driving accident, where he was the one who was drunk. Teddy asks how bad the accident is and Fred tells him that it's a bad one, like he's crashed right into another car, and that the other person could be dead or just have a bout of whiplash but he doesn't know. Teddy asks who the person would be to which Fred says that he doesn't know, and that he could either wait around and the other person could be someone like April (which alludes to the fact that Teddy is in love with April), or he could drive off. Teddy says he'd drive away to Fred's surprise. Fred then tells Teddy that he has some issues and they both get into the car. April walks in her front door and sees her pet dog, Meatball. She cuddles it and walks into what appears to be a study with walls full to the brim with post-it notes with writing on. She greets her step-dad, Stewart, who is smoking marijuana. It is evident that Stewart has been playing video games, and April asks him if he'd been shooting hookers on the game. He chuckles and says that it's brilliant. Stewart then hands April a corrected version of an essay that she had written, presumably for history class, judging by the essay title, 'Alexander the Dubious'. April looks over it and tells Stewart that he could've just corrected the errors that needed correcting instead of rewriting the whole thing. He then claims that it needed a lot of work. She thanks him and then goes upstairs to see her mother, Jane. She is talking on the phone and tells the person on the other end, named Jamal, that she has to say hello to April. Jane asks how she is, to which April replies that she's tired so she's going to lie down for a while. Her mother then says that she looks tired, as if to say that she hasn't been listening to a word April just said. Jane then asks April if she's depressed. April tells her that she isn't and tells her to stop asking her that question. Jane then takes a puff of a rather large joint of marijuana and tells April that she loves her, then continuing the conversation on the phone. April is then seen jumping up and down on her bed, talking to herself and acting out scenarios to herself, presumably those where she defies her teachers, as she says that she isn't going to write a paper. She then puts on a pair of sunglasses and continues to act out these scenarios, eventually throwing her glasses on her bed and lying down, staring at and touching the pictures stuck on her wall. Jane and April are lying down on Jane's bed doing April's algebra homework. Jane asks how April is able to do that, to which she replies "Because I have to". Jane calls April her little baby, to which April protests. Jane tells April that she needs to rest and relax, kissing her shoulder in a loving way. The next scene depicts Shauna hosting a party at her house. Shauna and a group of her friends, excluding April, are playing 'Never Have I Ever', a drinking game. Shauna asks the question "Never have I even performed oral sex on a guy in the school parking lot during free period". A guy in the group says "Drink up, Chrissy", so Chrissy does. Chrissy then asks "Never have I ever kissed my uncle" to spite Shauna. Shauna then tells Chrissy that that was meant to be private, but drinks up nevertheless, laughing it off. April is walking around inside the house, looking at the ornaments on show. Teddy is also walking around looking for someone, presumably April. April finds herself outside and puts her coat on, eventually spotting Teddy and Fred who is smashing what appear to be bullets with a hammer. She sits down next to Teddy. Teddy asks how she is, to which April replies that her chair is broken before putting a cigarette in her mouth. Teddy asks if she needs a light, which she does. April thanks him. There is an awkward silence between them until April finally begs the question as to why Fred is smashing up the bullets. Fred tells April to mind her own business, and that the bullets are his step-brother's. Teddy remarks under his breath that they don't even work anyway. Fred finally gives up and throws the bullets angrily. It could be inferred that Fred suffers from some sort of attention deficit disorder as he gets angry easily. Fred then drinks something from a vase containing flowers. Teddy asks if Fred wants to go over to the graves for a little bit. Fred agrees and Teddy asks April if she wants to join them. She also agrees and Fred makes a retching noise. Back inside, the group are still playing Never Have I Ever. An uncredited character asks "Never have I ever had a 'lesbianic' experience", looking directly at a girl named Emily. Emily hesitantly drinks up. She backs up her argument saying that she's never been in love. Fred, Teddy and April run by while Fred shouts "I think it's bullsh*t" through the shade of a lamp. The rest of the group laugh, except Emily who looks annoyed. Fred, Teddy and April run out of the house and make their way to the graveyard. At the graveyard, Fred scares Teddy and April by jumping up on them. Teddy claims that there could be ghosts round there, to April's horror. Fred then brings up the topic of a kid who "suicided" himself in 8th grade. April asks why they think he killed himself, to which Fred replies, "Because he was Asian". April asks what he means by that, and Fred explains the stereotype that all Asian kids are put under a lot of pressure from their parents to do well in school. April tells him that she thinks that's false and Fred tells her that she doesn't know any better than him and that she should stop talking. Back at the party, three boys, Ivan, Jacko and Seth, are lighting fireworks. The film then cuts to a shot inside the party, where Emily is seen drinking straight from a bottle of vodka, while the others are putting more alcohol inside the punch. Shauna tries to tell them to stop, as she claims her parents will flip out at the amount of alcohol wasted. Back outside, Ivan, Jacko and Seth are still lighting fireworks. Ivan attaches some fireworks to his skateboard and rides around in a circle, to the amazement of Jacko. In the graveyard, April is carving a heart into a tree. She tells Fred and Teddy that she finds it kind of hard, to which Fred immaturely remarks "that's what she said", whereas Teddy tells April that what she's carved is "cool-looking". Fred then jabs his penknife violently into the tree multiple times while smoking a cigarette. April asks Teddy if he thinks it hurts shooting yourself. Teddy says that it probably hurts only for a second, and that he thinks pain only really hurts if its prolonged. Fred says that if was going to kill himself, he'd take a bunch of other people down with him, and that he wouldn't waste it. April asks him why he wouldn't chose to do things like good deeds. Teddy makes the observation that when people are suicidal, they tend only to think of themselves. April says that she tries to be good. Fred then says "F**k good, guys, f**k good. Live the dangerous life." Fred, April and Teddy go back to the party where Shauna drags April upstairs talking to her about a boy problem she's having. She looks back at Teddy, giving an apologetic look. He smiles and waves and April waves back. Teddy and Fred walk through the house and Fred stops to drink punch straight from the bowl. They both end up smoking and drinking with the group from earlier. Teddy finds it too much and goes to get some fresh air. In a voice-over, Teddy asks Fred where April went. Fred asks why he's still hung up on April and tells him to get over her and to be strong. He walks over to the side of the garden and throws up. Emily goes over to him and asks if he's OK. Teddy tells her to shut up, but she persists to ask him if he got it all out. Again, Teddy tells her to shut up. Emily asks if he wants some water, but Teddy replies with mouthwash. Emily takes him upstairs to the bathroom. Back inside, April is sat on a sofa while Fred is playing the piano. The boy from outside, Ivan, joins her on the sofa. They engage in conversation until April sees Emily leading Teddy upstairs. Assuming the worst, April drowns her sorrows in doing shots with Ivan. Upstairs, Emily is kissing Teddy which leads into Emily performing fellatio on Teddy. Afterwards, Emily is seen washing her mouth out with mouthwash when she sees Teddy leave the room. She is evidently upset. Teddy then sits outside with another uncredited character smoking cigarettes. He asks the boy he's with if he's seen April at all. He points to where she's standing where April is seen making out with Ivan. Upset, Teddy goes to find Fred and they leave. While driving, Fred asks Teddy where they're going. Teddy tells Fred that they're going nowhere. Fred then asks Teddy how stoned he is on a scale of one to baked. Teddy does not watch what's going on in front of him due to Fred's distraction and crashes into the side of another car. Teddy drives off without hesitation, and despite Fred's questions about what just happened, Teddy asks how Fred knew that was going to happen, alluding to his earlier predicament. Fred tells Teddy to let him out of the car before asking him if he's blaming him for the accident. Teddy stops the car and doesn't answer Fred. Fred then gets out of the car, before telling him that he's being kind of a d***. Teddy then drives home, keeping an eye out for the police. As soon as Teddy arrives in his driveway, the police catch up with him. A middle-aged, overweight woman wearing glasses in the passengers side of the police car tells the police officer that the car in front of them was definitely the one that crashed into her. The officer asks Teddy for his license, which Teddy duly gives to him. Teddy is asked to step out of the car which he does. The woman in the police car is shocked to find out a child was behind the incident. The police officer asks Teddy to walk in a straight line, to which Teddy refuses. As an alternative, the officer asks Teddy to recite the alphabet backwards. Teddy tells the officer that he cant do that either, then asks the officer to try that himself. The officer accuses Teddy of being a wise one. Teddy then tells the officer that he isn't wise and that he cant even recite the alphabet backwards when he's sober. The officer then gives Teddy an ultimatum: either do the sobriety test or be taken to the hospital for a blood sample. Teddy then starts to recite the alphabet backwards, but spells out "Y, X, Z, F-U-C-K-U! U-U-U!". The police officer puts Teddy in handcuffs while reciting the Miranda Rights. Teddy's neighbours are all watching this scuffle while Teddy shouts numerous profanities at them, including an elderly woman. Teddy sits in the car and calls the officer a f***ing pig while the woman in the passengers seat exclaims. It is the day after the night before for April, Chrissy and Shauna. They are all sleeping in one bed. April wakes up, presumably with a hangover, and goes to explore the house. She tries looking for an empty cup to drink water from but to no avail. April has to resort to drinking water from her cupped hands. The three girls are lying by the pool in the back garden. April is reading a magazine, Chrissy is relaxing and Shauna is on her laptop. Suddenly, Shauna exclaims and chuckles, telling Chrissy and April that Emily runs a blog. Chrissy and Shauna laugh at the provocative pictures she has posted on here. Chrissy then tells Shauna that Emily blew Teddy in her parents bedroom at the party. April looks upset, and Shauna doesn't believe Chrissy at first and asks who she heard that from. Chrissy tells Shauna that she heard it from Seth. Shauna then says that Emily is the type of girl who will suck any d*** that anyone puts in her face. April shrugs it off and plunges herself into the pool. April is now babysitting Mr. B's son, Michael. He is playing video games. April asks Michael what he's playing. Michael tells her and explains the aim of the game to her. April walks outside to have a cigarette before shutting Michaels handheld console off and they both watch a movie. Michael puts on a tiger mask and April puts on her cat mask. Michael tells April that he doesn't think he's allowed to watch the film she put on due to his young age. April asks him why, as its a good movie. It becomes evident that the film is unsuitable for children of his age when a woman walks seductively towards the camera, taking her bikini off. Michael leans forward in awe and April smiles before telling him that its time for bed. Michael protests, telling April that he doesn't want to go to bed and wants to stay up watching the movie. April pats him on the shoulder telling him to go to bed. Michael growls at her and April hisses back. April chases him up the stairs. After that, April is shown to be watching a reality show and smirks at two girls crying on the show. She is getting on with some school work when Mr. B gets back. He asks what she's watching and she replies with "Just some reality show". Mr. B tells April that his date was terrible, and April asks him what happened. Mr. B tells her that essentially nothing happened and that teachers are extremely dull. He cant believe that kids have to sit there and listen to them all day and he relieves in the fact that he can go home when students can't. April says she doesn't really listen to them anyway. Mr. B is shocked and asks her if she listens to him when he's teaching. April tells him that she does listen to him. April tells Mr. B that she should go, and at the door Mr. B thanks April for babysitting. In what appears to be a juvenile court, Teddy, his mother, and his younger sister Emma are waiting for Teddy's hearing. Emma is walking around loudly in a pair of high heels. Teddy exchanges glances of annoyance with her until his mother tells her to sit down. They are all eventually called in by the judges assistant. Emma asks Teddy if he is in trouble. Teddy gives no reply. It becomes clear that this is not the first time Teddy has been in court, as the judge tells him so. The judge tells Teddy that the court are giving him one last chance to make amends due to the support given to him by friends and family. The judge places Teddy on probation for a year on the understanding that he a) performs 150 hours of community service at the children's library, and b) makes a formal apology to Mrs. Grossman (the woman who the incident involved) in person. The judge tells Teddy that if he fails to do said items, he will be committed to a juvenile hall. Back at their house, Teddy hugs his mother and apologises for what hes done. She accepts his apology and tells him to stay away from Fred. Teddy is in his room daydreaming when Emma comes in and shows him that she can do a handstand up against the wall. Teddy is disinterested and tells her to get out of his room. Emma ignores him and continues to do handstands until Teddy tells her again to get out. She finally does. At the park, Emily and another girl, Pam, are smoking cigarettes and admiring the good looks of the boys playing basketball, one of whom is Fred. Emily says that she thinks Fred is cute, the other girl disagreeing with her. Meanwhile, the game of basketball is becoming dirty as Fred antagonises Ivan by pushing him. Ivan calls Fred out as playing a foul, to everyone else's agreement. Fred gets angry about this and spits on the floor before throwing the basketball over the fence and shoving Ivan aggressively. He walks over to the two girls sat on a bench, apologising for his band language while playing and asks if he can have a drag of their cigarette. Emily lets him try some, before Fred irritates Pam by comparing her to a praying mantis. Emily is laughing to herself, trying not to let Pam see that she finds Fred rather humorous. Pam tells Emily that she wants to go, but Fred defends Emily and tells Pam that he thinks Emily would rather stay with him. Pam eventually leaves. Fred sarcastically apologises for ruining their friendship, to which Emily tells him that they weren't really friends, only acquaintances. Fred asks Emily if she wants to go somewhere else, to which she agrees. They end up at Emily s house in her room. Fred observes that she has a lot of s*** in her room, such as trinkets and ornaments etcetera. Fred picks up a pink headband and asks what it is. Emily tells him its a headband she used to wear in 2nd grade. He puts it on and asks Emily if he looks sexy. Emily laughs and sits down on her bed, asking Fred where Teddy is. Fred gets irritated by this and asks why everyone always asks him about Teddy. Emily tells him its because there always hanging out together. Fred says that Teddy just follows him around and that he never tells him to leave him alone because he's not a rude person. Looking at the guitar in the corner, Fred asks Emily if its hers. She says yes and claims that she doesn't know how to play it. Fred asks if he can play. Emily says yes and asks if he knows how. Fred claims that he's the master of guitar and a virtuoso. He then sings a song about her, repeating her name numerous times. Emily asks Fred if he can teach her how to play, which he does. He shows her a G# chord first, then kisses her without warning and fondles her breast. He then asks Emily if she likes building forts. She says she does. Fred then tosses the headband off and Emily leans in to kiss him and they end up having sex. After a period of time cuddling, Fred then leaves. Emily asks Fred if the sex was good. He says yes. It could be implied that Emily uses sex for validation and to be accepted by her peers. Emily asks if hell call her, Fred says yes and kisses her on the cheek. Later on, Teddy attends his art class. His teacher tells him that he draws very quickly, and then tells Teddy that Picasso was also a quick drawer, giving him analogies on how Picasso evolved as an artist. The teacher then tells Teddy he reminds him of Sylvester Stallone. Teddy doesn't understand why, but then his teacher tells him that he was great at art and another one of Teddy's classmates pitches in, saying that underneath all that muscle was a very intelligent man. Teddy walks out of the class and throws his sketches in the nearest bin. Back at her home, April collapses onto her bed as a sign of fatigue. Teddy is seen in his room playing his guitar. The series of shots are both similar, as whatever April is doing, Teddy is emulating but each in their own styles. At school April is sat in a locker eating a sandwich when she sees Mr. B. He asks why she's sat in a locker. April says she likes it sometimes. Mr. B retorts that he's surprised she can fit in there. April chuckles. Mr. B asks if she's alright as she hasn't been showing up to practice recently. April tells him she's been busy and that she promises shell be there next week. April tells Mr. B that she's behind on a lot of school work, so Mr. B offers that she comes to his house to do it while she babysits Michael. At a diner, Teddy is with Mrs. Grossman making an apology to her. Mrs. Grossman tells him that there's no need for him to apologise, as she knows he's an alcoholic, which of course he isn't. Mrs. Grossman tells Teddy that she too has issues with food and that she deals with temptation several times a day. Mrs. Grossman is oblivious to the fact that Teddy is staring at her breasts. While doing community service at the children's library, Fred comes to visit Teddy and defaces some of the books there. The two of them go onto a children's park and smoke more cigarettes while talking about the psychedelic powers of mushrooms. The next day while at the children's library, Teddy texts April asking what she's doing. She receives the text while doing homework at Mr. B's house. He tells her that the first rule of homework is to turn your phone off. While there, Mr. B kisses April and tells her that he loves her and that because he's old, he knows not many things are good in life, but she is one of the good things. April kisses him back. Teddy is called into an office for a formal warning for defacing the children's books. It becomes clear that Teddy has taken the wrap for Fred. The woman in the office tells Teddy that he needs to start thinking about what he's doing or else hell end up in juvenile hall. After this, Teddy goes round to Fred's house only to find that he's not there, only his dad who is smoking marijuana. Fred's dad offers some to Teddy, who takes some. Fred's dad sits closer to Teddy and starts touching Teddy's hair, telling him how much he loves that look on him. Teddy is freaked out by this and then tells Fred's dad that he should be leaving. At the graveyard, Teddy tells Fred that he thinks his dad was coming on to him earlier, to which Fred replies My dads not gay. Teddy and Fred go to cut down the tree that April carved a heart into earlier in the film for no apparent reason. The next day, Teddy is working at a nursing home, presumably because he wasn't allowed back into the children's library. While there, he draws a portrait of an elderly lady looking into the garden. She appreciates the drawing and hangs them up in her room. At her house, Emily is watching the fish swim round in the fish tank when she hears the doorbell ring. Fred is at the door, evidently high on marijuana. He asks her if he looks Chinese when he screws up his eyes. Emily laughs and they go into her back garden. While they're walking, a voice-over of Fred's voice tells the audience that Teddy was always doing his probation work and that Emily didn't have any friends and that the only person she knew was him. Fred then tells the story of how they went to a boy called Jason Kings house to get drinks, and that Jason's parents were gone. He then said that everyone was drinking vodka and smoking marijuana. He then talks about how he got Emily naked in Jason's parents bed and how the guys lined up outside the bedroom and went in two or three at a time. He tells the story of how she gave him a blowjob and how he asked if she liked it, she said she did. Emily then gives Fred another blowjob. Fred tells Emily to tell him she loves him. She is silent and carries on. Back at school, Teddy sees April in the corridors. He offers her a sweet. She takes one and they converse for a little while. She then says goodbye and they go their separate ways. At soccer practice, Mr. B ignores April to her annoyance. Later on at his house, Mr. B tells April a joke. She doesn't laugh like she usually would because she's annoyed that he's been ignoring her. She eventually asks him why this is. He says that she knows full well why he cant talk to her. April asks if he still likes her, to which Mr. B replies Are you kidding me? April, I love you. April packs her books away and tries to leave. Mr. B tells April that he didn't want anything bad to happen. He says they can figure something out by April telling people that she always has to babysit Michael so it wont look suspicious. April tells Mr. B that she should be hanging out with boys her own age, to Mr. B's surprise. He tells her that she's better than that. In history class, April is called over by her teacher to talk about her essay. The teacher asks if she had help on her paper. She tells her that her step dad rewrote it instead of correcting it. Her teacher tells April that she cant give her a passing grade and writes her a slip on why she's late to her next class, which is college counselling. While there, the counsellor asks April what type of college shed like to go to. April has no idea, so the counsellor suggests an art college as that's a subject she excels in. April replies with maybe. April asks to go to the toilet. April ends up crying in the toilets. Shauna and Chrissy walk in talking about clothes purchases, not noticing April which makes her more upset. Teddy takes Fred to one of his art classes. While there, the teacher tells Fred a story about how he ended up turning his life around, and how Fred should turn his art around. At the nursing home, Teddy is sat with another elderly lady. They are both painting oceans. The elderly lady tells him how good his painting is. Teddy thanks her. Another care assistant tells Teddy that he should go and check on Tanya, the lady whose portrait he painted earlier in the film. He does so and Tanya tells him to always have faith in his god given talent after he tells her that he's no good at painting. At the soccer game, Mr. B's team are playing against another team. Unfortunately, they lose out to the other team. On the bench, Shauna, Chrissy and April are talking about how Raquel, another player, is a cry baby. April is jealous of the attention Mr. B is paying to her, and asks the other two girls if they think she's pretty. They tell her that they think she's gorgeous, but April disagrees. Mr. B gives April a ride home. At Mr. B's house, April asks where Michael is. Mr. B tells her he's at his mothers house. He offers April some water, but she declines. Mr. B sits with April and they kiss, eventually having sex on his sofa. The next morning, April sits at her breakfast table when her mother asks if she wants bacon and eggs for breakfast. April accepts the offer. Her mom tells her how much of a good girl she is and how much she means to her. At Mr. B's house, April is babysitting Michael again. She takes out a cigarette and begins to smoke. Michael tells her that she's not allowed to do that. April asks him if he's going to tell on her. Michael nods his head. April reluctantly stubs out her cigarette in her can of drink. April then joins Michael in his video game. Michael wins the game against April and asks her for two cookies. April asks why he gets two cookies, and Michael tells her that that's what Raquel does; she gives him two cookies if he wins the game. Michael then tells April that Raquel is his other babysitter. April is evidently annoyed by this and tries to better herself by giving Michael the entire packet of cookies. The next scene depicts April on the phone to Mr. B, him telling her about how he thought they were broken up when he had sex with Raquel. At a party, Teddy and Fred are watching a movie with their group of friends when Fred sees Emily walk past. He catches up with her and tells her how beautiful she looks. He invites her to a swimming pool over the fence. Emily is hesitant at first, but Fred pesters her until she gives in. Fred strips off and jumps in the pool. In another room of the party, Chrissie, Shauna, April and another uncredited character are talking to two college boys. They tell April that college girls get loads of sex, so when she gets to college she won't be a "sweet little virgin" anymore. The two guys are shocked that she's a virgin and tell her that they can fix that. April walks away from them. The two guys then ask if the other three girls are virgins. The scene then cuts to Teddy sitting by a fire before April sits next to him. April gets out a pack of cigarettes and Teddy tells her that she should turn one over for good luck. She does. Teddy then offers April a light. April tells Teddy how she thinks the movie they were watching was stupid. Teddy asks her why, April tells him that she thinks all TV and movies of today are unnecessary. Teddy says she's crazy. April protests and Teddy tells her that she doesn't care about anything, to which April replies that she wishes she didn't care about anything, and that she cares too much about everything. Teddy then admits that he loves her. Back at the swimming pool, Fred is begging Emily to get into the pool. She wont get in no matter how much he begs. Fred starts to get aggressive towards Emily. Emily tells Fred that she thought she loved him but he turned out to be a real douchebag. Fred then violently pulls Emily into the pool. Emily says "You made me do all those things! I hate you!" This could be alluding to the voice-over featured in the movie earlier. Emily picks up an empty bottle of vodka and threatens Fred with it. Fred antagonises Emily further, calling her a p****. She eventually hits him on the side of the head which gives Fred a wound. Fred calls Emily a bitch and claims that he was only messing around. Fred goes to find Teddy, who is in an empty parking lot skateboarding with some friends and April. Fred arrives and tells him that he wants to go and buy some marijuana from Skull, their local drug dealer. Teddy asks where he got the cut on his head. Fred claims it was nothing. Teddy asks April if she wants to come, much to Fred's displeasure. April declines and says she's just going to wait for her ride home. They say goodbye. In Fred's car, Teddy persists to ask what happened to Fred's head. Fred is hesitant to answer him. He then asks Teddy what he would do if he was an Egyptian. Teddy says he'd be a Pharaoh. Fred says he cant be a Pharaoh. Teddy then says he wouldn't want to be Egyptian anyway because its boring and that he'd much rather be an Aztec or a Mayan so he could cut Fred's heart out. Fred then asks Teddy if they should cut Skull's heart out and shows Teddy a butcher knife that he was keeping under his seat. Teddy is freaked out by Fred wielding the knife around like a maniac. They arrive at Skulls hideout and take a hit of his joint. Fred asks Skull if he'd rather be the Pope or Pablo Escobar. Skull says he'd rather be Escobar, and Teddy agrees. Fred tells Teddy to shut up, and then tells Skull that Teddy's been conspiring to cut his heart out, when in reality it was Fred who wanted to cut Skulls heart out. Fred then asks Skull if he'd rather be a girl or be gay. Skull says neither. Fred then asks if he never gets jealous of those girls in pornographic films. He then goes onto say how during sexual intercourse, a woman is the real person in power as the man is inside her and not the other way around. The film cuts to a shot of Emily sitting by the pool, laughing. Another shot of April opening her packet of cigarettes to find the last one turned over is shown. Fred and Teddy are then seen driving. Fred tells Teddy that they should drive the wrong way, like the art teacher told them. Teddy asks him why he has to be so psycho all the time and why he tries so hard to act crazy. Teddy says that he cant hang around with him when he's like that, to which Fred throws the exact same comment back at Teddy. April is sat on her doorstep, holding her last cigarette. She makes a wish and then smokes it. Back in the car, Teddy asks Fred to pull over. Fred ignores him. Teddy persists in asking him to pull over. Fred slaps Teddy before eventually slowing to a halt. Teddy asks what Fred is actually doing. Fred ignores him so Teddy gets out of the vehicle. Meanwhile, April texts Teddy and smiles at her phone, presumably having texted him something along the lines of I love you. Teddy receives the message while walking along a footbridge and smiles at his phone. Fred drives the wrong way down a road while Teddy walks home smiling. In his car, Fred repeats I'm not Bob monotonously, while putting his foot to the accelerator pedal, reaching speeds of over 60mph. Oncoming cars swerve to avoid him while Fred shouts I'm not Bob! each time more manically than the last. The film ends with a shot of Teddy walking home. 
 The Disaster Artist (2017)761) When Greg Sestero , an aspiring film actor, meets the weird and mysterious Tommy Wiseau in an acting class, they form a unique friendship and travel to Hollywood to make their dreams come true. Aspiring actor Greg Sestero befriends the eccentric Tommy Wiseau. The two travel to L.A, and when Hollywood rejects them, Tommy decides to write, direct, produce and star in their own movie. That movie is The Room, which has attained cult status as the "Citizen Kane" of bad movies. rorybobglynn In the 1990s, Greg Sestero is an aspiring actor, who meets the strange Tommy Wiseau in an acting class. Together, Tommy inspires Greg to overcome his nervousness in acting so well that Greg agrees to come to Los Angeles with his odd new friend to pursue their dreams. However, their dreams seem to prove hopeless, especially for Tommy whose mysteriously strange accent and personality repels nearly all around him. Out of an inadvertent suggestion from Greg, Tommy is inspired to instead create his own movie, The Room (2003) . What follows is a bizarre struggle to create that film, guided by Tommy, a man who has plenty of money, but not a trace of filmmaking education, experience, talent or even common sense. Along the way, Greg's friendship with Tommy is put to the test as this project takes shape that would produce a film that ultimately becomes a bizarre accomplishment of a cult classic nature that no one, including Tommy, can see coming. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Waiting for his big break in late-1990s California, the young hopeful actor, Greg Sestero , is thrilled to unexpectedly discover his soulmate, the eccentric and rather cryptic amateur performer, Tommy Wiseau , in his acting class. With dreams of making it big in Hollywood, the aspiring big movie stars move to sunny Los Angeles, only to realise--one disastrous audition after another--that the world isn't quite ready for their great talent yet. Eventually, in one of those spur-of-the-moment decisions and burning with desire to prove everyone wrong, Tommy and Greg will venture into the uncharted waters of filmmaking to make their own movie; however, they are clearly way out of their element. The final result of their combined efforts is The Room (2003) , a monument of courage, perseverance, and above all, passion. Nick Riganas San Francisco, 1998. Aspiring actor Greg Sestero meets Tommy Wiseau in an acting class. Wiseau is off-the-scale weird and hopelessly untalented as an actor but has a stupendous amount of self-confidence. Sestero and Wiseau form a friendship and move to Los Angeles to pursue their dream of making it big in Hollywood. After landing no roles, they decide to make their own movie. Produced, directed and written by Wiseau and with him in the lead role, the resulting movie is regarded as one of the worst movies ever made, if not THE worst - The Room. grantss San Francisco, 1998: 19-year-old Greg Sestero meets Tommy Wiseau in acting classes with Jean Shelton. Shelton criticizes Tommy's protracted and bizarre performance of a scene from A Streetcar Named Desire, but Greg is impressed by Tommy's fearlessness and the two become friends. On Tommy's suggestion, they move to Los Angeles to pursue acting careers. Sestero discovers that Wiseau can afford apartments in both San Francisco and Los Angeles, but Wiseau will not discuss his personal life or the source of his wealth. Greg signs with talent agent Iris Burton, while Tommy is consistently rejected by agencies, acting teachers, casting directors and producers.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with a bunch of celebrities (Kristen Bell, Ike Barinholtz, Kevin Smith, Adam Scott, Lizzy Caplan, Keegan-Michael Key, JJ Abrams, and Danny McBride among others) talking about a particular movie that is incomparable, unlike anything they've seen before, and perhaps even a bit amazing. That movie is "The Room". San Francisco, July 1998 Greg Sestero (Dave Franco) is in an acting class doing a scene from "Waiting For Godot", but he's very shy and cannot express his acting talent the way he wants. The teacher, Jean Shelton (Melanie Griffith), criticizes Greg and his partner for not being fearless enough to show the class who they really are. When Jean asks for someone to be fearless, one man in the class responds. His name is Tommy Wiseau (James Franco). He and his partner get up in front of everyone to do the "STELLA!" scene from "A Streetcar Named Desire", but Tommy just does weird stuff like climbing the wall and yelling incoherently. Nobody is impressed, except for Greg. After class, Greg approaches Tommy and expresses his admiration for Tommy being as bold as he was. He asks Tommy if they can read a scene together, and Tommy agrees. Tommy picks Greg up in his neighborhood. Greg admires Tommy's car, but he firmly tells Greg not to ask him anything about what he does, where he gets his money, or where he comes from. The two then go to a restaurant where Tommy convinces Greg to read a scene. Greg reads it nervously, but Tommy pushes him to give a performance that the whole restaurant hears. Tommy and Greg become very close. Tommy tells Greg about how he wanted to be an actor and went after it despite what others have told him. After watching "Rebel Without A Cause", they drive out to the site of the car crash that killed James Dean, with Greg musing that he was so young and talented and was gone so soon. Tommy decides that they should waste no time in making their dreams come true, so they decide to move to Los Angeles and stay in an apartment that Tommy owns. Greg packs up his bags to move out. His mother (Megan Mullally) is concerned for Greg going off with a man he barely knows. Tommy picks Greg up and they head off. Los Angeles, November 1998 Greg signs to an agency with Iris Burton (Sharon Stone) as his agent. Meanwhile, Tommy is less lucky, with nobody liking his head shots or auditions. The two go to a nightclub to celebrate Greg getting signed. He hits it off with the bartender, Amber (Alison Brie), which appears to make Tommy a bit jealous. He forces Greg out of the club just as Amber is giving him her number. Greg and Amber start dating regularly. Tommy grows more rude and frustrated as he isn't having any success. One night, he is at a restaurant where he spots a well-known producer (Judd Apatow). Tommy approaches him in the middle of his dinner and tries to do a very loud and over-the-top "Hamlet" monologue before security comes to get him. The producer flat-out tells Tommy that he will never make it. Tommy and Greg stand on the rooftop of their place, both feeling dejected with their lack of work. Greg says that Iris hasn't been returning his calls, and he hasn't been nabbing many auditions. Tommy feels as though Hollywood has straight-up rejected him. Greg says he wishes they could make their own movie so they can have their own roles. Tommy thinks it's a great idea. Tommy immediately begins working on his movie script. In 2001, he has completed the script for "The Room". He shows the script to Greg and lets him read it at a diner. The dialogue is ridiculous, but Greg tells Tommy he thinks it's good. Tommy tells him he will play the main role of Johnny, and Greg will play his best friend Mark. The two vow to make the film and howl (literally) with excitement. The guys go to Birns and Sawyer to meet with Peter Anway (Jason Mantzoukas) and Bill Meurer (Hannibal Buress) to gather film equipment. Although it's an equipment rental store, Peter and Bill let Tommy purchase all of what he needs. They get a bit apprehensive when he says he wants to shoot on both 35mm film AND digital, but Tommy insists he has the money for it. Peter and Bill agree to it, and they give him the equipment at a reduced price on the condition that he shoots in their studio. Tommy and Greg agree. The next move is to gather other actors and crew members. Tommy and Greg audition a bunch of actresses for the part of Lisa, Johnny's girlfriend. The auditions are ridiculous, and at least one woman is horrified to think she would have to play Tommy's girlfriend. They eventually land on an actress named Juliette Danielle (Ari Graynor). Peter and Bill introduce Tommy to Rafael Smadja (Paul Scheer), the director of photography, and Sandy Schklair (Seth Rogen), the script supervisor, as well as Amy (Kelly Oxford) for makeup and Safoya (Charlyne Yi) for wardrobe. Once the whole cast and crew have been gathered, Tommy gives them a speech as they prepare to make a great movie. They start by shooting a scene with Philip Haldiman (Josh Hutcherson), who plays Denny, and Dan Janjigian (Zac Efron), who plays Chris R. Tommy is impressed with Dan's intensity during the scene where Chris R violently presses Denny for money owed to him. While out at dinner, Greg and Amber tell Tommy that they plan on having him move into her apartment. Tommy goes outside and angrily thrashes newspapers around. Although the production starts off smooth, things quickly start to deteriorate. Of note is when the crew has to film the notorious "Oh hi Mark" scene. Tommy forgets his own line (that HE wrote) and forces them to go through over 60 takes. Greg goes to hand him an empty water bottle so that Tommy can be more "intense". Tommy does the line in one last take, and the crew bursts into applause. Another rough moment comes when they film a sex scene between Johnny and Lisa. Tommy walks around naked and insists that he "show his ass" to sell the movie. He starts to insult Juliette when he notices a pimple on her shoulder and demands that it be covered with makeup for not being sexy enough. Tommy goes too far and pisses off Rafael, who threatens him. Tommy threatens to fire Rafael, but Greg tries to quell the tension, and Juliette is brave enough to continue as is. The scene itself is just awkward from Tommy's positioning, as Sandy notes it looks like Tommy is penetrating Juliette's belly button. On a particularly hot day, the cast and crew are overheated since Tommy refused to pay for air conditioning or water. On top of that, he's four hours late. When he arrives, Sandy and Rafael grill him, and the actress playing Claudette, Carolyn Minnott (Jacki Weaver), faints from heatstroke. The others try to wake her up, but Tommy coldly accuses her of napping on the job. As the arguing grows intense, Tommy brings out someone named Markus that he hired to film the crew when they weren't looking to see what they were saying about him. Tommy knows they don't take him seriously and call him things like Frankenstein and a "vampire rapist". During lunch, Greg sits with the rest of the cast. Philip asks Greg just what the hell the movie is about. Robyn Paris (June Diane Raphael), who plays Michelle, muses that the characters are inspired by people Tommy knew, and that Lisa, who betrays Johnny, is the universe as a whole. Greg then asks Carolyn why she continues to do the job even after all she's been put through. She responds that it's because they're actors, and even for them, the worst day on a set is better than most days anywhere else. Greg and Amber are out getting coffee when they see Bryan Cranston. Greg is a fan and Amber knows him from a Pilates class. She introduces them, and when Bryan learns that Greg is an actor, he tells him that they need an actor to play a lumberjack on an upcoming episode of "Malcolm in the Middle", and as long as Greg has his beard, he's got the part. Excited, Greg goes to tell Tommy since the next day would call for a scene where Greg gets shaved. Tommy doesn't like the idea since he thinks Greg wants to be committed to something other than his project. When given an ultimatum, Greg doesn't respond, and Amber leaves out of disappointment for him being unable to stand up to Tommy. The crew is now more than 12 days over filming. They shoot a scene where Johnny commits suicide after discovering Lisa's betrayal. Tommy puts the gun in his mouth and then starts writhing around and humping Lisa's dress (which Juliette wanted to keep). On the last day of filming, Tommy takes Greg to the park to film a scene just for him to get real emotions. Tommy also mentions that he let Sandy and Rafael go. Greg gets very real and starts to ask Tommy personal questions he hates, like where he gets his money, how old he is, and where he's really from. Tommy always insisted he's from New Orleans, despite his accent. The two eventually get into a fight, and they split up. Eight months later. Greg and Amber have broken up since she moved to Austin. He has gotten a steady gig at a local stage theater. Greg is driving and talking to his mom when he sees a billboard for "The Room" with Tommy's face. Tommy finds Greg after one of his performances. He personally invites him to the upcoming premiere of "The Room". Although hesitant, Greg accepts. The two pull up in a limo that is filled with a bunch of "The Room" merchandise that Tommy paid for. When they get to the theater, Tommy is surprised that Sandy, Rafael, and the whole cast have shown up. Tommy introduces the film before a packed house. The audience reacts with laughter at the ridiculousness of the film, as well as loud disgust at the sex scene with Tommy's ass in full view. Even Juliette is horrified that the scene is so long. The rest of the film is met with uproarious laughter, and the cast stating how bad most of it is. Tommy becomes visibly upset at the audience's reaction, and Greg notices. Tommy walks out before the end. Greg runs outside to comfort him, with Tommy expressing how he feels everyone hates him. Greg insists that's not the case, as the audience is having a great time. They chant "Do it! Do it! Do it!" when Johnny commits suicide, and once the film ends, everyone gives Tommy a standing ovation. He goes to the front and thanks them for liking his "comedy", as he claims was always his vision. He credits Greg for helping him, and Greg joins Tommy as they receive another round of applause. The final text states that "The Room" was shown in one theater and made $1,800 in its opening weekend. Tommy Wiseau paid for it to stay an extra two weeks in order for it to get a qualifying Oscar run. To this day, nobody knows where Tommy's from, how he got his money, or how old he is. He and Greg Sestero remain friends and continue to write, act, and produce. They will always be best known for "The Room". The credits feature side-by-sides of the actual film of "The Room" with almost exact shot-for-shot copies from this film. After the credits, we see Tommy approached at a party by a weird stranger named Henry (played the real Tommy Wiseau). Henry invites Tommy to hang out, but he declines. 
 Zola (2020)211) A stripper named Zola embarks on a wild road trip to Florida. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Aziah "Zola" King, a self-assured waitress and part-time stripper in Detroit, meets Stefani, an outgoing and crass fellow stripper, while serving her at work. Stefani invites Zola to dance with her at a club that night, and the two form a quick friendship. The next day, Stefani proposes that Zola join her on a road trip to Tampa, Florida, the location of a strip club where Stefani claims the two can make significant money. Zola joins Stefani, her mysterious roommate, X, and Stefani's sheepish boyfriend, Derrek, on a road trip. Upon arriving in Tampa, Stefani, Zola, and X leave Derrek at a seedy motel while they visit the club where Stefani claims her friends earned over $5,000 in one night. The two perform at the club, but do not net nearly as much as Stefani insisted they would. After, Zola learns that Stefani and X have posted photos of her and Stefani in a Backpage advertisement selling a night of sex with them. Zola attempts to leave, but is threatened by X, who reveals himself to be Stefani's pimp. X brings the women to an upscale hotel, where Stefani proceeds to have sex with a male client. Zola, who does not wish to participate, is affronted when she learns that X is charging only $150 for each sexual encounter Stefani has. Zola edits the Backpage advertisement to help Stefani earn more money; by the end of the night, Stefani has made over $8,000. X is initially insulted by Zola's intervention, but grows impressed. Meanwhile, Derrek, left to his own devices, befriends a man named Dion whom he meets at the motel. When X, Stefani, and Zola return to the motel, X is enraged to discover that Derrek informed Dion about their reason for visiting Tampa. Worried that Dion and his friend will rob them, X forces the group to flee. After arriving at another hotel, X arranges for Stefani to see more clients at various locations, while a reluctant Zola stands by to ensure Stefani's safety. When Derrek realizes Stefani is again engaging in prostitution, he argues with her, revealing to Zola that Stefani has manipulated other dancers into unwittingly participating in similar prostitution rackets. Zola is angered and loses all trust in Stefani. Derrek and Stefani's quarreling is interrupted when X bursts in with Baybe, his lover and madam, who is armed with a gun. After calming the situation, X gives Zola a gun for the women's protection, and Stefani and Zola are sent out so Stefani can continue to meet with clients. After Stefani engages in a gang bang with multiple men at a private residence, the two women visit another hotel, where a client has responded to their Backpage ad. Upon opening the hotel room door, Stefani is grabbed by the client and forced into the room. A terrified Zola flees and calls X and Derrek on her phone. The three return to the room and find the men inside are Dion and an accomplice, armed with shotguns, who have posed as clients in order to rob Stefani of her earnings. At gunpoint, X offers the men $50,000, along with possession of Zola, if they let him and Derrek leave with Stefani, who has been beaten unconscious. As Zola is groped by Dion, X manages to draw the gun Zola has in her purse, then shoots Dion in the throat. The group flee the hotel, disposing of Dion's guns by throwing them into the Tampa Bay. The group eventually arrive at a large, luxurious home X shares with Baybe. When X touts his possession of Stefani, Derrek threatens to commit suicide should Stefani remain loyal to X. Derrek immediately throws himself over a balcony, landing on concrete below and injuring his head. Zola, Stefani, and X leave to take Derrek to the hospital. In the car, Stefani proclaims her love for Zola, but is met with cool disgust as an exhausted Zola looks out the window and ignores her. 