nm0003368:

 Chaplin (1992)321) An elderly Charlie Chaplin discusses his autobiography with his editor, recounting his amazing journey from his poverty-stricken childhood to world-wide success after the ingenious invention of the Little Tramp. The biography of Charlie Chaplin, filmmaker extraordinaire. From his formative years in England to his highest successes in America, Chaplin's life, work, and loves are followed. While his screen characters were extremely hilarious, the man behind "The Little Tramp" was constantly haunted by a sense of loss. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chaplin is the story of Charles Chaplin, the famous director and actor that changed film forever. The film starts out with the narrator (played by Anthony Hopkins) and an old Charles Chaplin (played by Robert Downey Jr.) preparing Chaplin's autobiography. This reveals to the audience that the entire movie is the flashbacks of an old Charles Chaplin. Chaplin then recalls the first time he ever participated in show business. We see Chaplins mother, a poor, defeated woman performing in front of a full theatre of army cadets. Within a few minutes, these military men boo her off the stage, and a young, 5 year old Charles Chaplin walks out on the stage. He sang the same song, and the men love it, and are bewildered that a young 5 year old boy could have that much courage. After this, Charles and his mother return home, and the audience sees the poor, wretched lifestyle that this child is subjected to. Charles, his mom, and his brother Sydney settle down to a meal of fish heads. After this, the British police come, and seize young Charlie and Sidney to put them to work in a labor house. The two brothers are separated, and quietly descend into the terrible living conditions of a labor hose. After this, we see a teenage Charles Chaplin out of the labor house being guided by his older brother to a new job in show business. Sydney approaches a wealthy man that he works for, and asks him to hire Charlie as a comedian for a play. The man quickly dismissed the idea, but then Charlie starts performing a wonderful routine of slapstick comedy that wins the man over. Sydney also tells Charlie about the problems regarding their mother, and how the loss of both of her sons drove her to insanity. They discuss which care facility they should place her in and how much it would cost. Chaplin is shown performing numerous times in England, and then he meets a girl named Edna Purviance, an actress that travels with his theatre group. He falls in love with her, and asks her to marry him. She says no, and Chaplin leaves to go to America. While in America, Chaplin receives a job from Mack Sennett, who was known as The King of Comedy. Charlie then spends hours in the dressing room picking out what would be known as his Little Tramp outfit. After Charlie develops this renowned character, he instantly becomes famous. Next, Charlie meets Mildred Harris, a young underage woman who ran away from her home to become an actress. The two get married even through they are not really in love, and it is hinted that the only reason Charlie married her is because he got her pregnant. The two stay together for a while, but eventually divorce. Charlie breaks away from Mack Sennett because of Sennetts demanding wife/co-director, and he leaves with his brother to meet a new financer for his movies. While at this meeting, Charlie meets Lillita McMurray, an actress sitting down eating dinner with her mother. Charlie becomes involved with this woman, and eventually casts her in many of his movies such as The Kid. Then, Chaplin goes on to divorce this woman and marry another woman named Paulette Goddard, who eventually divorces him because of his obsession with the composing of his movies. Chaplin then made enemies with J. Edgar Hoover at a dinner party, and Hoover continually harassed him throughout his life. When Chaplin leaves America to visit London, he is exiled from America by Hoover, for his scandal of having a baby with an underage woman. While in London, Chaplin realizes it is not really his home, that he really belongs nowhere. Charlie traveled to Switzerland with his final wife Oona Chaplin, and together they lived in exile. 
 *batteries not included (1987)541) Aliens help a feisty old New York couple in their battle against the ruthless land developer who's out to evict them. A group of tenants in an apartment block are being forced to move out so that it can be demolished. The tenants are reluctant to move, so the developers hire a local gang to 'persuade' them to leave. Fortunately, visiting alien mechanical life-forms come to town. When they befriend the tenants, the aliens use their extraterrestrial abilities to defeat the developers. Rob Hartill Lacey Incorporated, a development company, has demolished an entire block on New York City's Lower East Side, the one old building remaining because a handful of its tenants refuse to be bought or forced out. Lacey's right hand man, Kovacs, has hired Carlos and some other men as muscle, they attempting to force the remaining tenants out in any way they can, including the use of violence if need be. Each within the misfit group of tenants has one issue or another in his or her life, some of these issues which make staying in the building and neighborhood all the more important. After Carlos delivers what he considers the final blow in handing over the buyout money and then destroying most of the tenants' personal possessions still remaining in the building, the tenants find that they have a group of new, inexplicable allies: two animated, flying electronic objects seemingly created by their destroyed metal possessions. These objects literally and figuratively are fed and thus able to assist in recreating destroyed objects and to procreate by nuts and bolts and a constant supply of electricity, they who have made a home in the shed on the building's roof. While the tenants differ on whether they should figure out who/what these objects are and why the objects are there or whether they should not look this proverbial gift horse in the mouth, one question in the realm of "why" is if there is a limited time frame that these objects will be around to help in the battle against Lacey and Carlos. Meanwhile, Carlos is determined to find out what/who these objects are in wanting to destroy what made him look like a fool, and Lacey goes to even more extreme measures to reach his end goal. Huggo From Academy Award winner Steven Spielberg comes this delightful fantasy about never giving up on your dreams. When a real estate developer tries to get rid of the last five tenants of a derelict tenement building, they need nothing short of a miracle to stay off the streets. But hope does arrive, in the form of tiny extraterrestrial beings that glide in through an open window. These intergalactic visitors may not speak the same language as the humans who find them, but they may be the solution to keeping everyone in their homes. Starring Hume Cronyn, Jessica Tandy and Elizabeth Pea, it's a whimsical, funny and heartwarming journey the whole family can enjoy. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In New York City's East Village, many blocks of a run-down neighborhood are being demolished to build Lacey Plaza, a high-rise office tower and sports complex. However, residents of one four-story apartment building refuse to move out, despite the developer's offer to pay them to relocate. Elderly couple Frank and Faye Riley (Hume Cronyn and Jessica Tandy), who run the diner on the ground floor and live on the second floor, have been in the building for over 50 years and cannot imagine any place else as home. Other tenants include starving artist Mason Baylor (Dennis Boutsikaris), pregnant single woman Marisa Esteval (Elizabeth Pea), and retired boxer Harry Noble (Frank McRae). Site developer, Mr. Lacey (Michael Green), has his thugs, led by a man named Carlos (Michael Carmine), smash up the diner and some of the residents' apartments. Lacey's assistant, Kovacs (John Pankow), advises the residents to take the money, since it is their final offer. When Frank Riley calls police, they advise against pressing charges, saying the thugs will want revenge once they get out of jail. Elderly couple Sid and Muriel Hogenson (Tim Aldredge and Jane Hoffman), who have been assisting Frank in tending to Faye, who has mild dementia, give in and move to a retirement community in New Jersey after Lacey's thugs vandalize their apartment. Without their help, Frank is at his wit's end dealing with Faye and contemplates calling the retirement community. However, he notices that some of the items the thugs broke are now repaired. Other neighbors notice their broken items have been repaired as well. One evening Frank and the others follow the cheerful and delusional Faye to the roof, where she shows them two small flying saucer-like living objects, about the size of a dinner plate, which she calls "The Fix-Its." They are the ones who repaired the items. Mason telephones officials asking about missing Army technology. Frank and Marisa wonder if the Fix-Its are aliens or if they are experiencing a dream. They find the Fix-Its are mischievous and enjoy plugging into the electrical outlets. They start talking to the Fix-Its like they are small children. Faye "feeds" them with small screws, nuts and bolts. Lacey's henchman, Carlos, is shocked to see all the destruction has been repaired. When he comes into the building, the Fix-Its conk him on the head with a frying pan and later, send a jolt of electricity at him when he investigates the rooftop pigeon coop where the Fix-Its live. Mason examines one of the Fix-Its with a magnifying glass and discovers it is made of parts from various appliances. Frank advises against examining the Fix-Its too closely, saying "The quickest way to end a miracle is to ask it why it is, or what it wants." The two Fix-Its do many more repairs around the building and later perform an activity that seems to resemble sex. Afterward, the tenants string a series of extension cords to their rooftop pigeon coop so the Fix-Its can recharge. A few days later, the female Fix-It appears to be pregnant and is sucking on the electricity so heavily, the rest of the building lights begin to flicker. Shortly after that, the female Fix-It gives "birth" to two small flying saucers. Mason is excited by the idea that machines can reproduce themselves, calling it "living hardware." A few moments later, the female releases another smaller flying saucer. However, this one appears sickly and dies shortly afterward. Faye holds a funeral and buries it in a flower pot on the roof. Mason suggests performing an autopsy to see how the Fix-Its function, but the others are outraged. However, after everyone leaves, Harry, the former boxer, exhumes the tiny Fix-It, takes some spare parts, and tries to repair it. Meanwhile, business is thriving at Riley's Cafe. Faye serves as the waitress while Frank and the Fix-Its cook the food. Developer Lacey is outraged that his construction workers are eating in the diner he wants torn down, and wants the residents out of the building within the next three days. Carlos says he will get the job done, but Lacey has made other arrangements. Mason is shocked that pregnant tenant, Marisa, has no idea when her baby is due since she has not been to the doctor. Mason goes grocery shopping and brings her several bags of food. However, as he glances around Marisa's apartment, he is startled to find she has several of his paintings. Marisa poses for a portrait with Mason, but ends the session abruptly when her boyfriend, a musician named Hector, brings his band mates to serenade her before they leave for a show in Chicago, Illinois. After Hector leaves, a jealous Mason kisses Marisa and she kisses him back. Carlos breaks into the basement, smashes the water and gas pipes with an ax, and tries to destroy the electrical circuit breakers. When the adult male Fix-It investigates, Carlos attacks it with an ax and it appears to die. The tenants accuse Carlos of murder. When Carlos tries to escape, Harry puts on his boxing gloves and starts to beat him up. However, a demented Faye confuses Carlos with her son, Bobby, and is distraught to see him beaten. Frank reminds Faye that their son died as a teenager in a car wreck, but she does not believe him.... clearly her dementia is gradually becoming more worse. Harry shows everyone that he brought the third baby Fix-It back to life, but all three baby Fix-Its escape and the tenants go searching for them. In Times Square, Harry uses a dog whistle and a bullhorn to call the baby Fix-Its which are suckling on the neon and electricity in the area. Meanwhile, the adult female Fix-It performs surgery on the injured male Fix-It and brings it back to life. The adult Fix-Its hear the dog whistle and go to Times Square to reunite with their babies, then fly off as a family. Meanwhile, another of Lacey's henchmen rigs the building to explode. Carlos is angry, saying it is his building to destroy and fights him. However, Carlos sees that Faye is still home and rushes to get her out before the explosion. Unable to rescue her since she refuses to leave and remains oblivious to her surroundings, Carlos first tries to ration with her by pretending to be her dead son, but when she soon snaps out of her delusion, he rushes to stop the bomb, but is too late. The building erupts into flames. Carlos gets Faye out through the fire escape, just before the building collapses. The next day, a distraught Harry sits on the front stoop, the only thing that remains of the building. Lacey's workers refuse to bulldoze the rest of the building until he moves, so they leave for the day. That night, the Fix-Its return, bringing dozens of Fix-It friends. They rebuild the apartment building overnight. The next morning, the tenants are delighted to have their homes back, and Lacey concludes that he will have to work around the building. Soon, Lacey Plaza goes up with the apartment building at its center. 
 Defying Gravity (1997)Summaries Griff wants to maintain just a superficial relationship with his all-gay boyfriend, who gets seriously wounded in a gay bashing. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Thursday (1998)431) A former L.A. drug dealer has moved to Houston to make a new life for himself as a married architect. Everything falls apart when he is suddenly visited by one of his former cohorts who comes carrying heroin. The movie opens in a Los Angeles convenience store one late Monday night, where a smalltime drug dealer named Nick (Aaron Eckhart) is trying to decide what coffee brand to buy. His ex-lover Dallas (Paulina Porizkova) and fellow hitman Billy Hill (James LeGros) are getting impatient and tell him to hurry up. Conflicts between Nick and the cashier (Luck Hari) ensue, resulting in Dallas shooting the cashier dead. Though the three attempt to cover up the crime, they are forced to also shoot a police officer (Bari K. Willerford) when he discovers blood on the ground. peter markov A former L.A. drug dealer has moved to Houston to make a new life for himself as a married architect. Everything falls apart when he is suddenly visited by one of his former cohorts who comes carrying heroin. Discovering the dope, the architect flushes it down the drain. This sets up a series of tough customers seeking the dope including a Rasta hit-man, an ex-lover Dallas who ties him up and rapes him, a criminal called Billy with a penchant for torture, and a rogue cop. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens in a convenience store one late night, with a smalltime drug dealer named Nick (Aaron Eckhart) is trying to decide what coffee brand to buy. His ex-lover Dallas (Paulina Porizkova) and fellow hitman Billy Hill (James LeGros) are getting impatient and tell him to hurry up. Nick finally choose Chocolate Macadamia, but the dispenser is empty. He complains to the cashier. The next morning, Nick shows up on the doorstep of Casey Wells (Thomas Jane), an old partner from his days as a drug dealer in Los Angeles. Casey has cleaned up his life. He is now a married architect and is looking to adopt a child with his wife. Nick leaves a couple of suitcases in Casey's guest room before leaving to run some errands. After Nick leaves, Casey becomes suspicious of one of the suitcases and eventually opens it to find it filled with heroin. After calling Nick to yell at him for bringing drugs into his home, he disposes of all of it in the kitchen sink. Ice (Glenn Plummer), a Jamaican Rasta hitman, enters Casey's house and is about to kill him, but Casey manages to persuade him to have a last smoke of marijuana. After having smoked, Ice is about to kill Casey when Ice's cell phone rings. Ice begins to rap over the phone in an effort to clinch a record deal, and Casey seizes the moment and knocks him out. Casey then ties him up and leaves him in his garage. A representative from the adoption agency comes to interview Casey about his fitness to be a father. The representative is particularly curious to know what Casey did for several years when he lived in L.A. as there is no account of his time there. Casey tries his best to cover up his past as well as his recent encounter with the hitman. During the interview, Dallas, who wants the money that she believes Nick left with Casey along with the heroin, shows up. She scares away the representative from the adoption agency by telling a story about Casey's drug-dealing and murdering past. When left alone with Casey, Dallas questions him about the money's whereabouts. Angry that he cannot help her, she decides to kill him. But not before she ties him up to a chair, fellates him to force an erection, gets naked and proceeds to mount and rape him. She tells him she will not kill him until he orgasms and she plans to go on until she makes him get an orgasm. Delivering on her word, she reaches multiple orgasms, but gets no results from him. While Dallas reaches a third orgasm, Hill breaks in and shoots her, splattering her blood all over Casey, his walls and his floor. Billy believes Casey when told that he does not have the heroin, but plans on torturing him with a saw and a blow torch anyhow, while he brags about his prowess and technique of cauterization as he sets to work. Hill is interrupted by cops ironically raiding the house next door. As Billy checks on it Casey is able to loosen the tape around his wrists and grabs a frying pan and sits back down. Billy returns and tells Casey the cops got the wrong house. As he is about to proceed, he notices something is wrong. But catching Billy off guard, Casey overpowers him, and leaves him in the garage. Nick calls Casey from a pay phone, apologizes for everything and admits he had stolen the heroin and money from the police. After he hangs up, it is revealed to us that Nick has been shot, and is bleeding severely, seemingly about to die. Finally, a corrupt cop (Mickey Rourke) arrives with a bag which contains Nick's head. He gives Casey until 7 p.m. to find the money but tells him that he does not care about the heroin. The cop then sees the garage with Ice and Billy tied up and Dallas dead and unloads a magazine into Ice and Billy. He then tells Casey to throw them out as it is garbage day. In the end, Casey calls Ice's boss and tells him that the heroin is being auctioned off at 7 p.m. at his house. He recalls Nick's earlier words which promptly lead him to find the money and a wedding present in the spare tire of his car. He takes them, puts them in Dallas' Lamborghini Diablo car and goes to pick his wife up at the airport to presumably escape the country. The movie ends as we see the cops and the Jamaicans, both armed, about to meet each other at the house. 