nm0008905:

 Sky Fighters (2005)321) An advanced, armed, French Mirage fighter jet is stolen during an air show in UK. 2 other fighter jets locate it. They're forced to shoot it down. Terrorists make another attempt to steal armed Mirages. Why? While in an international fair of exhibition of airplanes, a French Mirage 2000 of the last generation vanishes and pilots Antoine "Walk'n" Marchelli and Sebastian "Fahrenheit" Vallois are assigned to locate the plane that is flying in a hiding position below a commercial airplane. The pilots order the Mirage to return to the base, but the Mirage attacks Fahrenheit instead, and Walk'n immediately shots the Mirage saving his partner. However, the evidences are forged by the leader of a force called "Special Missions" and Walk'n is falsely accused of not following the orders and discharged from the air force. Blacklisted in the commercial flight companies, Walk'n and Fahrenheit are pressed to join the Special Missions team, where they disclose betrayals in a net of espionage. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This is the French "Top Gun" circa 2005, and the title would be better translated "The Knights of the Sky". "Walk'n" Marchelli (Benot Magimel) and "Fahrenheit" Vallois (Clovis Cornillac) are given an assignment to shoot down a rogue Mirage 2000 that has been hijacked by a secret French agency to test preparedness in a post-9/11 France during a Farnborough Air Show. Walk'n shoots down the plane after it locks onto his wing-man, and they are promptly side-lined and ostracised by the French air Force authorities and 'forced' to train two female pilots from the USA. Stopped from flying with a commercial airline, 'Walk'n" and "Fahrenheit" sign on to that "Special Missions" organisation, that then gets them into a series of situations in which their expertise and moral fibre are tested further. Notably, they fly a race against a flight of F-16s. The flight of three Mirage in which they are flying is forced to the ground and taken captive by mercenaries after an air-to-air refuelling plane is hijacked. They watch one of their fellow pilots be killed, and a female pilot is carried off. They escape: while Walk'n is giving a lesson to a renegade pilot, he disables that man and then activates the ejection seat, lands and picks up Fahrenheit. They straff and destroy one of the other planes before escaping. Meanwhile, one aircraft is disassembled and returned to the Paris region. It then takes off from a disused airfield to join a fly-over of Bastille Day celebrations at which there is also a major European meeting of heads of state. The two heroes work out what is happening, return to the flight line, and join the fly-past to find the rogue aircraft. The 'lost' female pilot is in it, now revealed as a terror sympathiser all along. She ejects, and Walk'n shoots down the plane after waiting for it to leave the built-up area and go over an area of forest within the Paris metropolitan area. Walk'n gets the girl: the "Special Missions" operative. The pace is 'fast', and the characters and the air-to-air photography is 'authentic'. 
 Les parasites (1999)Summaries On New Year's Eve, Oulage is determined to take the plunge. He will finally seduce Brigitte who organized a costume party in her parents' house. It's decided, on New Year's Eve organized by Brigitte, Oulage will seduce her and finally kiss her. He has everything planned, now or never, because Brigitte organized a costume party in her parents' house. He has everything planned - except the presence at the party of a band of particularly stubborn parasites: an Alsatian ex-girlfriend who hangs on, a manic-depressive police sergeant, a drug addict in need, a lovely Cuban in search of papers and many others who will do everything to prevent his business from seduction. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Girotondo, giro attorno al mondo (1999)Summaries Angelo is an orphan who grew up with a nomad woman. He reacts to his pain over the death of his best friend for overdose, thanks to the encounter with Serena. She survives being a prostitute, but she has not lost hope. Angelo moves along an axis of characters in a desolate and poetic day without end. Davide Manuli It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 XXL (1997)Summaries Alain Berrebi directs with his sister Lorne, a company of ready-to-wear in the Path. Their business is booming to the point to consider acquiring a nearby shop. Fortunately, it belongs to David Stern, the father of his fiance Arlette. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 