nm0005409:

 Killer Party (2014)Summaries A group of friends get trapped at a baby shower when a mysterious outbreak starts turning people into homicidal maniacs. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Castle (20092016)Summaries After a serial killer imitates the plots of his novels, successful mystery novelist Richard "Rick" Castle receives permission from the Mayor of New York City to tag along with an NYPD homicide investigation team for research purposes. Richard "Rick" Castle is a millionaire playboy who recently killed off his main character when a serial killer starts killing people like he does in his books. He teams up with New York police detective Kate Beckett to solve the case. He finds inspiration in Detective Beckett and starts shadowing her for his next book. After a serial killer imitates the plots of his novels, successful mystery novelist Richard "Rick" Castle gets permission from the Mayor of New York City to tag along with an NYPD homicide investigation team for research purposes. A "guy's guy", he proves popular with the male team members, but immediately offends the sensibilities of the team leader, Detective Kate Beckett. Though she'll never admit it, he slowly wins her over with his innovative approach to crime solving. He brings to the table skills the others don't have: contacts in Manhattan high society, free-form creative thinking, and years of developing believable fictional characters that have inadvertently molded him into a natural criminal profiler. But life is not all crime fighting adventure for this wealthy playboy: his relationship with Beckett becomes even more strained when he unveils a new series of detective novels featuring a racy character based on her, and his home life is dominated by his mother (a fading Broadway diva) and his whip-smart teen-aged daughter. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Onion News Network (2011)211) Satirical coverage from the most trusted news network in the world. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. No one knows what makes America tick like the Onion News Network. Unsure of the future? The high-flying world of finance? Whether Christ really died for your sins or not? Geez, the Earth sure *looks* flat. Well, there's only one source you can trust. If that last thing we just said went down, smooth and easy, then you need us more than we need you... and you're welcome! That's the Onion News Network. Coverage includes: The Motor City Murderer; a 16-year-old white girl who will be tried as a black adult. Terrorists hold Susan Merriweather; denied access to volumizing products. Sarah Palin could win the Morbid Fascination vote. The ongoing saga of Suri Cruise. Fondly remembering Dr. Fred Gilgoff, inventor of the handjob. All this, and countless other stunning pieces of pre-digested newsity, expertly crafted to glide under your jaded media radar, leaving a surprisingly delightful bitter aftertaste. 
 Guiding Light (19522009)Summaries This show took place in the fictional Midwestern town of Springfield and centered on the middle class Bauer family. This show took place in the fictional Midwestern town of Springfield. In its early years, the stories centered on the middle class Bauer family, but later the wealthy Spauldings, Chamberlains, and Lewises, along with the working class Reardons and others, took their own places of prominence, though the Bauers remained the heart of the show. This show got its start on radio in 1937 centering around the Church of Little Five Points in Illinois. The widowed Reverend John Ruthledge administered at the church and the guiding light referred to a lamp he had in his study that always remained lit for his parishioners and anyone to seek comfort at the non-denominational church. In the late 1940s, the show (still on radio) moved to the fictional suburb of Los Angeles, California, "Selby Flats", when Reverend Ruthledge's daughter, Mary, and her husband Ned Holden (who at one time was Reverend Ruthledge's adopted son), took the "guiding light" lamp to Reverend Ruthledge's friend and former protg, Reverend Charles Matthews. In Selby Flats, the story of this show started involving and centering on the continuing traumatic and dramatic stories of Meta Bauer White Roberts Banning and her stepdaughter Kathy Roberts Grant (and later, Kathy's daughter, Robin Fletcher) and also the lives of the rich Grants, the poorer Bauers (Papa, Bert Miller Bauer and Bill Bauer and Bert and Bill's sons, Mike and Ed) and the well-off Fletchers. In the late 1960s, the show started becoming more about Bert, Bill and Mike and Ed and their travails as Meta moved with her third husband Dr. Bruce Banning (Meta returned in the 70's for a brief time and then in the late 1990s.) The show premiered on television in black-and-white and live (until 1969) on June 30, 1952. The locale moved to the Midwestern town of Springfield in 1966 and stayed there until the show ended in 2009. In 1967, the show was first aired in color, then it moved to a half-hour, and on November 7, 1977, it became an hour show and introduced the Spaulding family, who were mainstays of Springfield to the end. The "The" of "Guiding Light" was dropped about a year before it went to an hour. Other families introduced in the 1970s were the Norrises, the Thorpes (Roger was a major villain for over thirty years), the Marlers (attorney Ross (who represented and defended Roger in the first marital rape storyline in 1979, Roger's then third wife, Holly had brought him up on the real charges, the rape was shown on-screen on March 4, 1979} has survived to this day, Jerry Dorn has been on consistently since March 1979) and the Stapletons. In the 1980s, the poorer Reardons, the wealthy Chamberlains, and the middle class Lewises took over as major families as the Norrises, the Thorpes, and the Stapletons all but disappeared (the Thorpes did make a return in 1989.) In the 1990s, as the Reardons and then the Chamberlains seemed to leave the town of Springfield, major families introduced were the poorer Coopers, and later in the 90s, the mob family known as the Santoses. Also in the 1980s and 1990s to 2009, Josh Lewis and his longtime love interest Reva Shayne and their brood of Marah and Shayne, as well as her sister Cassie Layne and her daughter Tammy, became more mainstay. Besides a still undercurrent of a non-denominational religious theme, this show's main themes had been about how to find and keep and hold on to love (its main theme in the early 1990s was a song titled "Hold On to Love") and finding others to help guide you. Peter Bradfield It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 