nm0002973:

 Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie (2009 TV Movie)321) A young wizard conjures a spell that puts her family in jeopardy. When Alex ruins a family vacation by accidentally casting a horrible spell on her loved ones, Max works overtime to keep his parents from separating while Alex and Justin seek out the "Stone of Dreams" in a desperate race to reverse the curse. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film follows Alex, Max, Justin and their parents on a trip to the Caribbean. Alex is upset that her parents are telling her what to do despite being sixteen years old. When her parents confiscate her wand, and she gets in a fight with her mother, she wishes her parents had never met. This in turn causes her wish to come true, and her parents forget about each other and about their kids Alex, Max, and Justin. Justin figures his father must still have his powers since his dad and mom had never met and asks his father, who has no recollection of Justin and just regards him as a random tourist and wizard on what to do about the situation, he tells him that they must find the Stone Of Dreams, a magical stone that can reverse any spell and grant any wish. Justin and Alex then embark on a journey to find the Stone Of Dreams along with a not so great street magician and his parrot who have their own plans for the Stone Of Dreams. Meanwhile, Max scrambles to keep his parents from making mistakes that would further endanger the family's future while also trying to make his parents fall in love again. 
 Orange Is the New Black (20132019)Summaries Convicted of a decade old crime of transporting drug money to an ex-girlfriend, normally law-abiding Piper Chapman is sentenced to a year and a half behind bars to face the reality of how life-changing prison can really be. Piper Chapman is a public relations executive with a career and a fiance when her past suddenly catches up to her. In her mid-30s she is sentenced to spend time in a minimum-security women's prison in New York for her association with a drug runner 10 years earlier. This Netflix original series is based on the book of the same title. Forced to trade power suits for prison orange, Chapman makes her way through the corrections system and adjusts to life behind bars, making friends with the many eccentric, unusual and unexpected people she meets. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Waltons: Homecoming (2021 TV Movie)Summaries John Boy and his family prepare for John Sr. homecoming to spend Christmas together, but after a storm comes in the way, John Boy has to find his father and the journey through it will change his life forever. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Modern Family (20092020)Summaries Three different but related families face trials and tribulations in their own uniquely comedic ways. Told from the perspective of an unseen documentary filmmaker, the series offers an honest, often-hilarious perspective of family life. Parents Phil and Claire yearn for an honest, open relationship with their three kids, but a daughter who is trying to grow up too fast, another who is too smart for her own good, and a rambunctious young son make it challenging. Claire's dad Jay and his Latina wife Gloria are raising two sons together, but people sometimes believe Jay to be Gloria's father. Jay's gay son Mitchell and his partner Cameron have adopted a little Asian girl, completing one big -- straight, gay, multicultural, traditional -- happy family. Jwelch5742 Jay Pritchett sits at the head of a large, unconventional family. Now in his second marriage to gorgeous young wife Gloria, Jay has been given something of a second chance. Still, old habits are hard to break, and it's trial by fire as he tries to adapt to life with the same passion and vigor that Gloria exhibits, which are matched by her precocious 12-year-old son Manny. There are culture clashes and a few misunderstandings, but also plenty of sweet victories along the way. Jay's grown daughter Claire and her husband Phil are the proud parents of three kids with whom they want that open, healthy, honest relationship. It's not always easy, especially when you have Haley, a teenage daughter who's growing up a little fast; Alex, a too-smart-for-her-own-good middle daughter; and Luke, a scatterbrained boy. Add to this that Phil is just a big kid himself, even if he does always have the best intentions. Claire is the anchor, trying her best to run a tight ship and determined not to let her kids have the rebellious childhood she had. Claire's brother Mitchell and his partner Cameron are busy raising their adopted daughter Lily. Opposites attract in this household, with Cameron having a wonderfully big personality and maybe a flare for the dramatic, while Mitchell is more buttoned-down. These doting fathers balance each other out and relish their roles as parents developing their own little family. ABC publicity It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 