nm0007443:

 Raging Bull (1980)541) The life of boxer Jake LaMotta , whose violence and temper that led him to the top in the ring destroyed his life outside of it. When Jake LaMotta steps into a boxing ring and obliterates his opponent, he's a prizefighter. But when he treats his family and friends the same way, he's a ticking time bomb, ready to go off at any moment. Though LaMotta wants his family's love, something always seems to come between them. Perhaps it's his violent bouts of paranoia and jealousy. This kind of rage helped make him a champ, but in real life, he winds up in the ring alone. alfiehitchie The story of middleweight boxing champion Jake LaMotta , famously dubbed, "The Raging Bull" and "The Bronx Bull". Martin Scorsese's "Raging Bull" chronicles two decades of his life, and how the violence inside the ring was only an extension of his violence and temper outside of it. Liam Alexander The life of Bronx-based Jake LaMotta during his professional middleweight boxing career from 1941 to the mid-1950s, and his immediate post-boxing life is dramatized. Managed for most of his boxing career by his brother Joey LaMotta, Jake has the goal not only of getting the title fight at almost any cost - the one thing he unwilling to do to demonstrate that he is the best and in his "my way or the high way" mentality is to be knocked out, even if it is for a longer term benefit - but also to have the most fame possible, which means the improbable fantasy of becoming a heavyweight. While not managed by them, much of his career is affected by his and Joey's mafia connections. Despite his boxing prowess, Jake, to reach his own personal goals, has to overcome his disagreements with what the mafia wants and his own brutish behavior, which spills over into his personal life. That personal life shown largely is during the time of what is his second marriage, to Vickie LaMotta, a girl he spotted in the neighborhood. Their relationship is punctuated by jealousy and paranoia on Jake's side, he who becomes to believe that Vickie is sleeping with every man to who she pays any attention, those feelings by Jake which leads to emotional and physical abuse. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in 1964, where an older and fatter Jake LaMotta (Robert De Niro) practices his stand-up comic routine before his debut at a comedy nightclub. A flashback shifts to his boxing career in 1941 against his opponent, Jimmy Reeves, in the infamous Cleveland bout. Losing the fight by a fixed result causes a fight to break out at the end of the match in which audience members are trampled underfoot. Jake's brother Joey LaMotta (Joe Pesci) is not only a sparring partner to him but also responsible for organizing his fights. A few days later, Joey discusses a potential shot for the title with one of his mob connections, Salvy Batts (Frank Vincent), while on the way to his brother's run-down apartment in their neighborhood in the Bronx, where Jake is in the middle of a screaming match with his wife Irma. Once Joey mollifies his enraged brother, the mercurial Jake laments that his small, girlish hands limit his ability to rise to the top. Suddenly hostile, Jake provokes Joey into hitting him in the face. Later at a local gym, when Salvy comes to watch Jake in a sparring match with Joey, Jake becomes so angered by Salvy's presence that he pummels Joey. Accompanied by his brother to the local open-air swimming pool, a restless Jake spots a 15-year-old girl named Vickie (Cathy Moriarty) at the edge of the pool. Although he has to be reminded by his brother he is already married, the opportunity to invite her out for the day very soon comes true when Joey gives in. Leaving Irma at home one night, Jake attends a church charity dance with Joey, where he sees Vickie seated across the room with Salvy. Watching Vickie drive off with Salvy, Jake sends Joey to the pool the next day to arrange an introduction to her. When Vickie admires Jake's shiny convertible, he invites her for a ride, and after changing from her swimsuit into a virginal white outfit, she joins him. After a visit to a miniature golf course, Jake takes her to the apartment he purchased for his father and ushers her into the bedroom, where a crucifix perches above the headboard. He nudges her onto the bed, but she quickly rises and walks to the bureau, where she looks at a photo of Jake and Joey sparring, a rosary dangling over its frame. In 1943, Jake has two fights with Sugar Ray Robinson. Jake scores a major victory against Robinson in the first match, which is Robinson's first loss and the beginning of a life-long rivalry between the two boxers. Following the fight, Vickie, who is now living with Jake, kisses his blackened eye, but when he becomes sexually aroused, he pours a pitcher of ice water down his crotch in order to preserve his energy for the next match with Robinson, which is to take place three weeks later. Although Robinson is named winner of the bout by the unanimous decision of the judges (because he was leaving the sport temporarily for conscription in the United States Army), Jake's career takes off when he wins a series of victories and, now successful, he marries Vickie and buys a new home in the Bronx along the Pelham Parkway. In the meantime, Joey has also married and moved into a nearby house with his wife Lenore. This does not deter Jake from winning the next six straight fights; the next with with Zivic in Detroit on January 14, 1944; the next is with Bascra in New York on August 10, 1945; with Kochan in New York on September 17, 1945; the next is with Edgor in Detroit on June 12, 1946; next is with Satterfield in Chicago on September 12, 1946; and the next is with Bell in New York on March 14, 1947. As Jake's success and confidence grows, but so does his fears grow about his wife, Vickie, having feelings for other men. Jake is keen enough to show off his sexual jealously. After having had three children and living a relatively quiet life in the suburbs, Jake has gained weight and bristles when Joey enters him into a match with newcomer Tony Janiro, for which Jake will have to lose 15 pounds. When Joey explains that he set up the match because established boxers are afraid to face Jake, Vickie supports Joey, noting that Janiro would be an apt opponent because he is so good-looking and popular. Vickie's comment triggers Jake's obsessive jealousy, and he balks at going to training camp and thus leaving Vickie alone. When Jake asks Joey to keep an eye on Vickie while he is gone, Joey suggests taking her out for a night on the town before he leaves. They all go to the Copacabana nightclub, and when Vickie excuses herself to go the ladies room, Salvy, who is there with Tommy, invites her to join them for a drink. Jake warily watches their encounter, and when Vickie returns to the table, accuses her of flirting with Salvy and local Mob boss Tommy Como (Nicholas Colosanto). During his match with Janiro, Jake viciously pummels his opponent in the face, destroying his good looks and winning the bout. Following his victory, Jake returns to boxing training camp, and one night while at a nightclub, Joey spots Vickie enter with Salvy and his friends. Pulling her away from Salvy's table, Joey orders Vickie to leave with him, then smashes a glass in Salvy's face. When Salvy follows Joey outside, Joey kicks him, then bangs him in the head with a taxicab door. Afterward, Tommy summons Joey and Salvy, his arm in a sling and his face bandaged, to his headquarters at the Debonair Social Club and orders them to forget their argument and shake hands. After Salvy departs, Tommy warns Joey that Jake is embarrassing him by not accepting his patronage. Although Joey argues that Jake wants to make it on his own, Tommy counters that Jake will never get a chance at the title without his help. Upon Jake's return from training camp, Joey reports that Tommy has offered him a shot at the title in exchange for throwing a match with Billy Fox. During the fight, Jake offers no resistance to Fox, allowing his opponent to strike him at will until being declared the victor. As Jake later tearfully relates to his corner men, he did not know any other way to lose. Following the fight, Jake is suspended by the boxing board while the district attorney probes into the possibility of a fixed fight. Two years later, in 1949, Jake faces middleweight champion Marcel Cerdan in a title bout. Before the match, Tommy comes to Jake's hotel room to wish him good luck, but after Tommy kisses Vickie goodbye and leaves, Jake slaps her and demands to know why she is so friendly with Tommy. After Jake wins the bout on a technical knockout in the tenth round, the referee straps the championship belt around his waist. By 1950, Jake has developed a paunch from his extensive binges of eating and drinking, although he is set to defend his title in a month. Still insanely jealous of Vickie, Jake suspects that she and Salvy had an affair, and when Joey denies it, Jake irrationally accuses him of having an affair with her. In response, Joey advises Jake to indulge in more sex and less food. Jake then goes to Vickie's bedroom to ask if she had sex with his brother. Offended, she locks herself in the bathroom, after which he breaks down the door and slaps her and refuses to accept her denials that she has been unfaithful. Proceeding to Joey's house, Jake pulls his brother away from dinner with his family and begins to beat him, accusing him of adultery with Vickie. When Vickie arrives, he punches her, prompting her to go home and pack her things. She later tells Jake that she is leaving him, but his more subdued, contrite demeanor causes her to relent and she agrees to stay, although the brothers remain estranged. In 1951 Jake faces Robinson to defend his championship title in the "fight of the year." As Joey watches the bout on television, Robinson viciously pounds Jake, sending streams of blood trickling down his legs and spewing from his mouth. Even though Robinson is declared the new champion, Jake remains cocky and defiant. Five years later, in 1956, Jake, now living in Miami, Florida and grown fat and bloated, announces his retirement from boxing and the opening of his eponymous nightclub. As emcee, Jake tells crude jokes and flirts with underage women customers. Tired of Jake's abuse, Vickie finally files for divorce and takes custody of the children. One evening, while sleeping in his office, Jake is arrested for pandering to underage customers. To pay his legal fees, Jake smashes his championship belt to pry out the jewels, only to be informed by the pawnbroker that the belt was worth much more intact. Unable to raise the money for his defense, Jake, bellicose and belligerent, is thrown into solitary confinement, where he slams his head against the wall and sobs that he is not an animal. By 1958, Jake, now out of jail and living in New York, has been reduced to introducing his new wife, Emma, a stripper known as "Miss 48's," in a dive bar. One night, he spots Joey walking down the street and runs after him. Although Jake smothers him with hugs and kisses, Joey, still angry, shrugs him off. In 1964, Jake rehearses his lines for his one-night show at the Barbizon Plaza Hotel. As he stands in front of his dressing room mirror, Jake recites the famous speech from On the Waterfront in which "Terry Malloy" accuses his brother, "Charley," of betraying him, saying "I could have had class. I could've been a contender, I could've been somebody... instead of a bum, which is what I am." Before going on stage, Jake gazes into the mirror and sparring with his reflection, declares, "Go get 'em champ. I'm the boss." The film ends on an ambiguous note with a Biblical quote: "All I know is this: Once I was blind, and now I can see." -symbolizing that even men like LaMotta can be redeemed. 
 The Dukes of Hazzard (19791985)44) The adventures of the fast-drivin', rubber-burnin' Duke boys of Hazzard County. Cousins Bo and Luke Duke and their car "General Lee", assisted by Cousin Daisy and Uncle Jesse, have a running battle with the authorities of Hazzard County (Boss Hogg and Sheriff Coltrane), plus a string of ne'er-do-wells often backed by the scheming Hogg. Ed Stephan <stephan@cc.wwu.edu> Series set in the rural community of Hazzard. The Dukes are a family who were once moonshiners but when cousins Bo and Luke were caught; they were given probation on the condition that they give up moon shining, which they did. Now every now and then they learn that J.D. Hogg who is called Boss Hogg is up to something so they do what they can to stop him especially when someone close to them is being threatened by Hogg. So along with their Uncle Jesse, their lovely cousin Daisy, and their good friend and mechanic, Cooter they stop every one of Boss' schemes. They are also fortunate that Hogg's right hand man, Roscoe Coltrane who is also the Sheriff is not very competent, and that his Deputy though loyal to Hogg and Roscoe is not corrupt and has a thing for Daisy, is a tad clumsy. During the 5th season, Tom Wopat and John Schneider who play Luke and Bo had a contract dispute with the show, so they were written off with them at the NASCAR circuit, so cousins, Coy and Vance came to stay with Uncle Jesse and help him and Daisy with their encounters with Hogg. rcs0411@yahoo.com Bo and Luke Duke were handsome and honest hotshots and cousins living with their Uncle Jesse and sexy short-shorts-wearin' cousin Daisy on a farm in Hazzard County located somewhere in the Southern United States. While mostly interested in minding their own business (and driving at very high speeds in their souped-up Dodge Charger [nicknamed the General Lee]), the Duke boys sometimes fell prey to the greedy schemes of corrupt town leader Boss Hogg and his dimwitted flunky Sheriff Roscoe P. Coltrane. Sometimes serving as "Robin Hood" types (replete with bows and flaming arrows), the Dukes attempted to help out their friends and neighbors in distress and avoid being jailed by the unscrupulous Hogg. Marty McKee <mmckee@soltec.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Pink Chiquitas (1986)Summaries A pink meteor controlled by aliens lands near a small town and turns the local women into nymphos. A deputy sheriff and a local private eye investigate. Hotshot private detective Tony Mareda Jr. arrives in the town of Beamsville being pursued by the hit men of mob boss Don Enchilada. As he dispatches them at the local drive through, a pink meteor roars overhead and crashes in the nearby woods. The townspeople tear off in pursuit, but as the young couples thrash through the woods in search of the rock the women are turned into ravenous nymphomaniacs. Next morning, their boyfriends are found in delirious shock and there is an empty crater where the meteor landed. Worried about what the event will do to his reelection bid, the mayor enlists Tony's help in solving the mystery. As he begins to investigate, however, local TV weatherman Clip Bacardi goes on the air with a chunk of the meteorite he found in the woods, and the sound of it transforms all of the women in town into scantily-clad vixens. A posse hunting for the meteor encounters Clip's girlfriend Mary Ann Kowalski, the local librarian who is now organizing a takeover of the town. After subduing her, Tony and Cliff go back into the woods and find the meteor in a cave, where the women come to worship it. With the remaining men in town reduced to stupefied zombies, Tony and Cliff are captured and Tony offered as a sacrifice to the meteor. As the meteor draws Tony to it, however, its powers cause the cave wall to break apart and wash it into the town lake, destroying it and returning the women to normal. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Stanley & Iris (1990)321) A struggling widow falls in love with an illiterate short-order cook whom she teaches to read and write in her kitchen each night. Stanley Cox is an illiterate short-order cook who has never taken a chance at love. Iris King is a newly widowed factory worker who has vowed never to love again. Still grieving eight months after her husband's death, she lives from paycheck to paycheck and raises two children. To make ends meet, she rents out space to her sister and brother-in-law who have financial and marital problems as well. Her daughter seeks escape through the company of boys resulting in an out of wedlock pregnancy, which makes matters worse. However, as their friendship slowly blossoms and Iris helps Stanley learn to read, his strong yet gentle kindness helps mend her broken heart. And where two lonely strangers stood trapped within the past, Stanley and Iris can now begin a new chapter of their lives - together. MGM/UA Home Video Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Iris King (Jane Fonda), still grieving eight months after the death of her husband, works at a commercial bakery in Connecticut and lives in a high-crime area. She lives from paycheck from paycheck as she raises her two children, Kelly (Martha Plimpton) and Richard (Harley Cross). To make ends meet, she rents out space to her sister Sharon (Swoosie Kurtz) and brother-in-law Joe (Jamey Sheridan) who have financial and marital problems as well. With money already tight in the family, Kelly seeks escape through the company of boys resulting in an out of wedlock pregnancy, which makes matters worse. Iris makes the acquaintance in Stanley Cox (Robert De Niro), a cook in the bakery's lunchroom cafeteria, when he comes to her help after she has her purse stolen on the bus and gives chase to the thief who eventually gets away. But as their friendship develops, she begins noticing peculiarities about Stanley - he doesn't own a car (he instead bicycles wherever he needs to go), he lives with and supports his elderly father (Feodor Chaliapin), becomes frustrated when asked to sign his name, doesn't believe in opening Chinese fortune cookies, and cannot pick out a specific item from a shelf. Iris soon realizes that Stanley can neither read or write, and when she innocently mentions this to the bakery owner, Stanley is fired the next day over food safety and legal concerns, despite being a good cook and model employee. Afterwards, Stanley is unable to obtain any steady work forcing him to move in a garage and put his father in a shabby retirement home. His father dies in the home several weeks after admission, upsetting Stanley over the fact that his illiteracy preventing him from caring his father properly. Stanley seeks out Iris and asks her to teach him to read, explaining that his traveling-salesman father moved him all over the country when Stanley was a child, bouncing him to nearly 50 different schools in total, resulting in Stanley developing no reading or writing skills from this lack of educational stability. Iris begins giving Stanley basic reading lessons and he gradually grows close to her and her family. It is during one of these reading exercises that he tells her that he has wanted to be intimate with her since they first met, but Iris is hesitant. Iris tests Stanley's developing reading skills by making him a map and having her meet at a certain street corner in 15 minutes, but Stanley gets hopelessly lost. Hours later, he reaches the corner where Iris is frantic and still waiting. Frustrated, Stanley marches off without saying a word, his interest in learning to read gone. Iris visits him at his garage home and attempts to persuade him to continue learning to read. Looking around, she sees a large mechanical project that Stanley is working on, as he invent things as a hobby. He has a designed a cake-cooling machine that can outperform anything in the commercial marketplace. Iris is immensely impressed and Stanley reveals that a local company has shown interest in his invention and even offered him a job. Stanley agrees to begin reading again with Iris, and eventually learns to write short sentences. Stanley surprises Iris by cooking a massive dinner for her and her family, and the two of them begin to grow close again. After Kelly has her baby, Iris is displeased when she drops out of school to work at the bakery, as she doesn't want her daughter wasting her life in the kind of dead-end job she herself is in. Stanley and Iris decided to make love, but Iris is still clinging to her late husband's memory. This threatens their budding relationship further and they don't see each other for some time. Not prepared to give up on Iris the way she didn't give up on him, Stanley finally goes to see her. Iris hands him an unmailed letter she wrote to him, and Stanley surprises her by reading this aloud nearly perfect. Now ready to begin letting go of the past, Iris accompanies Stanley to a fancy hotel where they order room service and spend the night together. Stanley soon moves to Detroit for a new, well-paying job he has been offered, his inventing ability finally having paid off. Several months later, back in Connecticut, Iris is walking home carrying groceries when an expensive car pulls up next to her and she is surprised to see Stanley behind the wheel. Stanley tells her that he has been given a raise and is looking to buy a large six-bedroom house in Detroit - and that he wants her to move there with him as his wife. Iris accepts. As they walk into her house, Iris asks if they could remove a wall for another bathroom, Stanley replies "Anything is possible". 