nm0002255:

 Merlin (1998)Summaries Legendary wizard Merlin tells his story of his war against Queen Mab of the Sidhe and his creation of Camelot. The legend of King Arthur ( Paul Curran ), this time, from the perspective of the King's Wizard, Merlin ( Sam Neill ). Merlin is a creature born of pagan magic, living in a world converting to Christianity. Merlin is beside Arthur as he gains Excalibur, builds Camelot, and is betrayed by his wife, Guinevere (Lena Headey). Merlin and Arthur are menaced by the plots of Morgan Le Fey (Helena Bonham Carter), her son by Arthur, Mordred (Jason Done), and their cohorts. Through it all, Merlin tries to keep Arthur from the destructive path set by fate. Michael "Rabbit" Hutchison <rabhutch@spacestar.net> The Arthurian legend is again retold, only this time from the perspective of the life of Merlin ( Sam Neill ). The story begins with young Merlin being schooled in magic by the evil sorceress, Mab (Miranda Richardson), and her apprentice, Frik (Martin Short). Merlin ultimately rejects her tutelage setting up a war between them which leads to her attack on Arthur ( Paul Curran ). Unwittingly, Arthur impregnates his own half-sister, Morgan Le Fey (Helena Bonham Carter), which leads to the birth of Mordred (Jason Done), an evil son who ultimately destroys Camelot. Merlin also unwittingly leads to Camelot's destruction when he selects Lancelot (Jeremy Sheffield) to protect Guinevere (Lena Headey) based on mistaken information he gains from The Lady of the Lake (Miranda Richardson). John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Katya Ismailova (1994)Summaries A bored young wife finds her life transformed after a torrid affair. Suffocated by a life with her meek husband and domineering mother-in-law, Katya starts a deadly liaison with the intense Sergei. Katia is a rather dull young woman who types manuscripts for Irina, her husband's mother who is a successful writer of romance novels. Her husband is a real momma's boy. They go to Irina's summer house to work. There she encounters the intense and sexy carpenter Serguei who creates passionate longings with in her. Overcome they engage in vigorous love-making upon a windowsill where Irina who has a weak heart sees them. Next day she wants to send Katia to the city and whitewash this relationship but Katia refuses it. During the argument she has an attack and dies. Quiet Katia, having rediscovered the joys of sex, changes and becomes more assertive and flighty. Serguei quickly loses interest in her. Strange and deadly things begin happening at the summer house which calls the attention of an investigator who is Katia's old friend and extremely familiar with her writing. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Deti chugunnykh bogov (1993)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The films hero is a metal worker named Ignat who is as strong and tough as the steel that his sprawling factory produces in the Ural Mountains. Its a great cheerless environment; life is arduous and dangerous; conditions at the plant are nearly subhuman. Almost every day brings a new crisis at the factory and Ignat is called upon to advert yet another potential disaster. The only excitement in the grimy industrial town is provided by robbing a train at gunpoint or stealing sheep from the Bashkiri tribe. The most renowned diversion, however, is the annual fist fight between the strongest metal worker and the strongest miner from the region. Against his better judgment, but with the support of his co-workers, Ignat decides to take part in this perilous venture. 
 Limita (1995)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 