nm0002555:

 Crush My Heart (2018)Summaries Two Romany teenagers fall in love after being sent away from their poor village in Eastern Slovakia to beg on the streets of wealthy Vienna. For the first time they get a glimpse of happiness, but it doesn't last long. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Autumn Blood (2013)Summaries High in the mountains, two orphaned children keep their mother's death secret. They survive until the villagers destroy their innocence when they brutally assault the girl. Now, the siblings must protect each other to survive. High in the Mountains on a secluded farm a widowed mother dies leaving her two children alone and orphaned. Fearing being taken away and split up they keep their mother's death a secret and survive off the land with no one to rely on but each other. The sixteen year old sister is one with nature, innocent, and unaware of the evils that exist in mankind. Her ten year old brother is traumatized and mute from witnessing a disturbing incident years earlier (the death of his father) involving the town's Mayor. As the girl transitions into womanhood a harsh brutality destroys her innocence when savage hunters led by the Mayor's son attack and rape her. A social worker from a distant city arrives to investigate but ultimately it is the siblings who must come of age to protect each other and survive. Anonymous Somewhere in the rugged Austrian mountains, on a small Alpine farm, two siblings, an independent 16-year-old girl and her 10-year-old brother, after witnessing their father's brutal murder and their mother's death shortly after, they struggle to carry on as usual, in secret. However, under those circumstances, it won't be long until the Mayor's son and his gang of hunters find out, seizing the opportunity to sexually assault the helpless teenage girl. Eventually, the attackers will come back for the girl's life, but this time, the unprotected siblings will have no other choice but to make their desperate last stand against the ruthless assailants. Now, it's either death or survival. Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tatort (1970 )Summaries A German language television series that has been running continuously since 1970, which makes it the longest-running German TV drama. Every episode features different detectives of a different city trying to solve a murder case. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation (2015)871) Ethan and his team take on their most impossible mission yet when they have to eradicate an international rogue organization as highly skilled as they are and committed to destroying the IMF. CIA chief Hunley (Baldwin) convinces a Senate committee to disband the IMF (Impossible Mission Force), of which Ethan Hunt (Cruise) is a key member. Hunley argues that the IMF is too reckless. Now on his own, Hunt goes after a shadowy and deadly rogue organization called the Syndicate. After an excoriating official US government review of its history of questionable missions with high stakes and considerable collateral damage, the IMF is disbanded. Regardless, Ethan Hunt is undeterred from his personal mission to stop a sinister counter-organization to the IMF, the Syndicate. Now a fugitive from the CIA, Hunt secretly calls his colleagues together to accomplish that, which soon also involves a mysterious woman who has an agenda of her own with those criminals. With both sides playing deadly complex games of intrigue, Hunt and his team must take even more risk with difficult options to protect the world. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) IMF agent Ethan Hunt is looking for a group of rogue agents known as the Syndicate. When Ethan foils one of their operations, they capture him. Ethan escapes because one of them, a woman, helped him. Ethan then contacts Brandt but Brandt tells him that IMF has been shut down. So Ethan goes out and tries to find them on his own. Months later Brandt and Benji are working at the CIA under the man who shut down IMF, Hunley. Benji gets a trip to Vienna and when he goes he meets Ethan. They attend an opera wherein the Chancellor attends. Ethan sees that someone is about to shoot the Chancellor but he stops him but he sees the woman who helped him there too and with a gun too but she helps Ethan. The Chancellor is evacuated but when he gets in his car it explodes. The woman who says her name is Ilsa tells Ethan who the leader of the syndicate is and Ethan lets her go. Ethan then goes to try and find him. Hunley upon learning if what happened in Vienna and thinking Ethan is involved tells Brandt to get him. rcs0411@yahoo.com Ethan is labeled as a rogue agent after the IMF is disavowed by the CIA. The CIA believes that the Syndicate is a figment of Ethan's imagination so they try desperately to take him in. Meanwhile, the Syndicate grows stronger and a British Secret agent who is undercover as a member of the Syndicate, joins with Ethan and his team to take down the Syndicate at last. Brandon B After another operation breaking the protocol, CIA Director Alan Hunley decides to shutdown the IMF. Ethan Hunt is trying to prove the existence of the evil organization The Syndicate but he captured by his agents. However he succeeds to escape with the help of mysterious Syndicate agent Ilsa Faust. Trapped in London, Ethan requests support from William Brandt that tells him that can not do anything to help him since the IMF does not exist anymore. The lonely Ethan decides to follow his only lead, the rogue Syndicate agent Lane. A couple of months later, Ethan summons his friend and former colleague Benji Dunn to go to Austria to help him since he believes the Syndicate will try to assassin the Austrian Chancellor during the opera Turandot. Ethan saves the Chancellor from three snipers but he is killed by a bomb in his car. One of the snipers is Ilsa that gives a lead of Lane's scheme to Ethan. Who is the agent Ilsa Faust? Will Ethan be capable to prove that the Syndicate does exist? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After intercepting nerve gas being sold to Chechen terrorists in Minsk, IMF agent Ethan Hunt is determined to prove the existence of the Syndicate, a criminal consortium the CIA does not believe exists. Hunt is captured by the Syndicate at a record shop in London, while their leader, a blond man in glasses, kills the female IMF agent stationed there. Hunt escapes a torture chamber led by Syndicate member Janik "Bone Doctor" Vinter with the help of disavowed MI6 agent and now Syndicate operative Ilsa Faust. In Washington, D.C., CIA Director Alan Hunley and IMF Field Operations Director William Brandt testify before a Senate committee. The IMF, currently without a secretary in charge, is controversial because of its destructive methods and other misconduct. Hunley succeeds in having the IMF disbanded and absorbed into the CIA. Brandt, knowing Hunley will try to capture Hunt, warns him to stay undercover. Cut off from the IMF, Hunt follows his only lead: the man in glasses, later identified as former MI6 agent Solomon Lane.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Impossible Missions Force Agent William Brandt ( Jeremy Renner ) is directing two members of his team, Benji Dunn ( Simon Pegg ) and Luther Stickell ( Ving Rhames ), in an attempt to retrieve a package from a cargo plane that's about to take off in Minsk, Belarus. Luther is connecting Benji to the plane's electronics by hacking a Russian satellite, which is likely to get them into trouble -- and Brandt reminds them that they're already under investigation for misconduct. As the plane rolls onto the runway, Benji finds that most of the plane's systems are secured -- he can't shut down the fuel pump, the electrical system, or the hydraulics. Just then the missing member of the team, IMF Agent Ethan Hunt ( Tom Cruise ), sprints over a hill by the runway and leaps onto the plane, demanding that Benji open the plane's door. By the time Benji gets the right door open the plane is up and away, but Ethan escapes with the package -- many canisters of toxic nerve gas, conveniently prepared for a parachute drop. The nerve gas was being sold to a terrorist group, but none of the people who sent it from Belarus had the means to obtain it. Ethan is convinced this trail will lead him to the Syndicate, an international criminal consortium whose very existence has been in doubt. Reporting to an IMF substation that's disguised as a London record shop to receive his next orders, Ethan is captured by the Syndicate and watches in horror as a Syndicate agent kills his contact. He wakes up in a torture chamber, where he observes some discord -- Syndicate operative and disavowedMI6agent Ilsa Faust ( Rebecca Ferguson ), who's preparing to interrogate Ethan with drugs, is forced to step aside by her colleague Janik Vinter ( Jens Hultn ). He's called the Bonedoctor and has a case full of scary instruments to prove his right to the nickname. Ethan escapes with help from Ilsa, but she refuses to go with him. Meanwhile, Brant appears with CIA director Alan Hunley ( Alec Baldwin ) before a Senate oversight committee. Brandt must respond to every question by refusing to confirm or deny anything without permission from the secretary (of defense, presumably) ... which he cannot get because there is, at the moment, no secretary in office. This allows Hunley to have his way with the committee. At his request the IMF is disbanded and absorbed into the CIA, guaranteeing that Ethan -- who Hunley thinks has gone rogue -- will be captured within the day. Six months later, Ethan is still on the run. Unable to find the Syndicate without help, he enlists his former colleague Benji, who's happy to take a break from the CIA -- Hunley is sure Benji knows how to find Ethan and subjects him to weekly polygraphs (which Benji beats handily). Ethan arranges for Benji to attend Turandotin Vienna to search for Solomon Lane ( Sean Harris ), who Ethan suspects is the leader of the Syndicate. Although Ethan and Benji thwart three snipers at the opera (one of whom is Ilsa), the Austrian chancellor ( Rupert Wickham ) is killed by a car bomb. Ethan reveals to Benji that the Syndicate has been assassinating minor world leaders for some time; the murder of the chancellor of Austria is an escalation and a signal that the Syndicate is stepping out of the shadows. Brandt recruits Luther to help find Ethan and prevent Hunley's team from killing him. Using a likeness of Ilsa left by Ethan, Brandt and Luther are able to track Ethan, Benji, and Faust to Morocco, where they're infiltrating a secure server underneath a power station. Their target is a well-protected ledger containing the names of all Syndicate agents and information on where the Syndicate keeps its money. The three of them execute an elaborate scheme in which Ethan is nearly drowned. As soon as he starts breathing again, Ilsa whacks Benji and takes the drive holding the ledger. During the ensuing chase, Brandt and Luther catch up with Ethan and Benji, while Ilsa joins a team of Syndicate motorcycle goons just long enough to get a bike of her own. Ilsa manages to escape, but Benji reveals he had already made a copy of the data. Ilsa returns to London and attempts to pass the drive containing the Syndicate ledger to her handler, MI6 Director Attlee ( Simon McBurney ), who compels Ilsa to return to the Syndicate and finish her mission. She returns to Lane, only to find that Attlee has wiped the drive, which in fact contained an encrypted "red box." A red box is a data safe programmed by the British government; unlocking it requires the prime minister's biometrics. The former IMF agents confront Ilsa, but when Lane's men abduct Benji, Ethan and company are told they must deliver a decrypted copy of the drive to Lane. Brandt contacts Hunley and reveals their location. At a charity auction, the two try and prevent Ethan from attacking the prime minister, whom they and Attlee take to a secure room. Ethan, having posed as Attlee, reveals himself and has the prime minister confirm the existence of the Syndicate, a classified project to perform missions without oversight (though the prime minister insists that he cancelled the project while it was still in the planning stages). When the real Attlee arrives, Ethan subdues him and he admits that he had been covering up the existence of the Syndicate since Lane hijacked the project and went rogue. Luther discovers the file actually contains access to billions of pounds. Ethan memorizes the data and destroys the file to force Lane to release Benji and Ilsa in exchange for what he knows. He goads Lane, drawing him into the open and luring him into a bulletproof cell where he is taken into custody. Ilsa drives away, telling Ethan, "you know how to find me." Some time later, Hunley and Brandt return to the oversight committee, where Brandt once again refuses to confirm or deny anything without permission from the secretary. Hunley secures the reinstatement of the IMF, claiming that his previous efforts to have it disbanded were all to allow Hunt to go undercover. The committee, though skeptical, approves, and on the way out Brandt addresses Hunley as "Mr. Secretary." 