nm0004846:

 Super Troopers 2 (2018)321) When a border dispute arises between the U.S. and Canada, the Super Troopers are tasked with establishing a Highway Patrol station in the disputed area. Several years after the first film, the officers have been fired from the Spurbury Police Department after taking Fred Savage on a ride-along that resulted in his death. Farva (Heffernan) is now a construction supervisor, with Mac (Lemme) and Rabbit (Stolhanske) working for him. Thorny (Chandrasekhar) works in logging, and Foster (Soter) is living with his girlfriend and former coworker, Spurbury Police Chief Ursula Hanson (Coughlan). Mac receives a call from his former boss, Captain O'Hagen (Cox), to gather the group and meet for a fishing trip in Canada. Once the group arrives, they find that O'Hagen's intention had been for them to have a meeting with Vermont Governor Jessman (Carter). She explains that during a recent land survey, it was discovered that land in Canada was originally designated for the US. Canada has agreed to hand over the land, and Gov. Jessman needs to set up a police department to take over from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police in the region. She invites the group to become state troopers again, with the promise that they will become full-time officers should they succeed at this task.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this sequel, New York State Trooper Callaghan (Seann William Scott) is in his squad car chasing after a bus that has a strong weed stench coming from it. Callaghan stops the bus and boards it to find Thorny (Jay Chandrasekhar), Mac (Steve Lemme), Foster (Paul Soter), and Rabbit (Erik Stolhanske) playing in their band, Crackling Bacon, along with groupies. Callaghan gets excited as he is a fan of theirs, and he calls his partner Wagner (Damon Wayans, Jr.) to join them, since Wagner also loves the guys. The guys make them mess with each other, like making them punch each other in the nuts and almost make out before they offer them to join the band. The troopers get excited until Mac leads them out the back of the bus to push them out. The bus rides away and the troopers chase after them, shooting at them and hitting Mac. The others throw Mac's corpse out the bus and make the troopers crash their squad car. The bus then flies over a cliff. This turns out to have just been a dream of Rabbit's, which is apparently a frequent dream. The guys have lost their jobs as local police officers after an incident involving Fred Savage, so now they have to work in construction. They get a call from their former captain John O'Hagan (Brian Cox) to order the guys to head over to Canada for some important business. The guys drive to Quebec, Canada and reunite with O'Hagan and their least favorite co-worker Farva (Kevin Heffernan) to meet with Governor Jessman (Lynda Carter). She informs the guys that the Canadian town of St. Georges de Laurent is actually on American soil, so the U.S. government is attempting a turnover where the guys would become the new highway patrol officers instead of the Mounties. Jessman requests that the guys settle the dispute between the U.S. and Canada, allowing them to don their uniforms once more. The guys attend a rally with a bunch of angry Canadians led by Guy de Franc (Rob Lowe), a former hockey player who is now mayor of the town. Although the troopers try to keep things friendly, the Canadians pelt them with junk, getting Farva riled up and ready to start something. Meanwhile, the guys meet Genevieve (Emmanuelle Chriqui), who is working on the relations between the U.S. and Canada. Rabbit and Farva are both attracted to her, and Farva initiates a one-sided deal where the guy who fails to woo Genevieve has to chop off their pinky toe with a shovel. A few of the guys try to talk to Guy in his bar/brothel. When Guy and the others think they are about to be shut down, he makes the prostitutes (male and female) attack the guys. Outside, they also get into it with the local Mounties - Podien (Hayes MacArthur), Bellefuille (Tyler Labine), and Archambault (Will Sasso). The troopers try to put up a sign for the border when a trio of kids hopped up on drugs crash into the sign with a car. The guys make the kids lead them to where they found the drugs, and they come across a shack with a whole stash of drugs. They bring the stash back to the station and begin to take the drugs to see what they are dealing with. Farva takes something that makes him numb, Rabbit takes steroids, Foster takes speed, Thorny takes female hormones, and Mac takes acid. The troopers continue their investigation into the contraband items but also get further into their feud with the Canadians. The Mounties play a prank on the troopers by planting slabs of raw meat in their station to lure a grizzly bear in there. Thorny distracts the bear while Farva grabs the meat and runs outside. The bear chases him into a porta-potty and tips him over. The troopers fight back by taking tear gas grenades and setting them off in the Mounties' station. They take the Mounties, strip them naked, and pain them red, white, and blue, and leave them in the woods. The troopers then steal their uniforms and go screwing around town by messing with citizens to ruin the reputation of the Mounties. Guy and Genevieve find out when the Mounties return and make complaints, leading them to distrust the troopers in handling the turnover. During another instance of buffoonery, Farva crashes a car into a lamp post and knocks it over, only to find another stash of contraband drugs just around the border. Later, Genevieve approaches Rabbit at the station and apologizes for how she handled things with them. They start to make out and have sex on Farva's desk to spite him. The rest of the guys return to the station later to find it ransacked. After viewing the dashcam footage on Rabbit's car, they see him and Genevieve getting it on while some guys dressed as the Mounties knock them out and abduct them. The troopers go to a saw mill where they find the Mounties and accuse them of being the ones trying to smuggle contraband across the border. This turns out to be false, as the real criminal is Guy and his band of cronies, who figure they can get away with this if their town is on American soil already. They have also tied Rabbit and Genevieve to a log that is about to be sawed in half, only for Guy to reveal that Genevieve was in on the scheme as well. The troopers and Mounties set aside their differences to work together and fight Guy and his goons. After knocking out the villains, Genevieve reveals herself to be a triple agent, dropping her French accent and saying she was working undercover for the Ontario Police Precinct. They manage to stop the saw before it runs through Rabbit, but one of the blades hits the tip of his penis. Guy and his goons are arrested. Genevieve chews out the troopers for ruining her investigation, but she goes over to Rabbit and leaves an opening for them to continue their relationship once he's healed up. The troopers and Mounties gather for a small press conference where they appear to settle their differences and are prepared to accept that the troopers will replace the Mounties. Jessman then shows up to say that the turnover has been postponed by six months. The Mounties proceed to mock the troopers, leading to a fistfight between both groups. During the closing credits, we see the Fred Savage incident. The guys took him on a ride along as part of some training he did for a movie role. They see a cat stuck in a tree, and Fred climbs up to rescue the cat. He ends up falling out of the tree but lands on his feet and saves the cat. And then he gets plowed by a fire truck. 
 Freddy Got Fingered (2001)431) An unemployed cartoonist moves back in with his parents and younger brother Freddy. When his parents demand he leave, he begins to spread rumors that his father is sexually abusing Freddy. Aspiring animator Gord, 28, leaves his Oregon home to sell his ideas to Hollywood. After being told, correctly, that they're possibly the stupidest ideas ever and he needs to rethink them, he moves back home. But his unpleasant father escalates his mean treatment of his unconventional son. Meanwhile, Gord falls for Betty, an attractive doctor at the hospital where a friend is staying. She's in a wheelchair and happens to delight in having her paralyzed legs beaten with a bamboo cane; her sexual aggression intimidates him. Gord's family goes to a psychiatrist, and he lies to her that his father molests Gord's brother Freddy; Gord neglects to mention that Freddy is 25. Soon Gordon has the house to himself and comes up with a winning animated series, "Zebras in America," based on his own family. All this is really a framework on which Tom Green hangs his usual crazy stunts. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Tom Green plays Gord Brody, a slacker who dreams of becoming an animator for cartoon shows. He is forced to move back in with his parents, but then refuses to leave. Along the way, he sexually pleasures various farm animals, licks open flesh wounds, accuses his father of molesting his brother, goes scuba-diving in a toilet, plays an organ with several sausages attached to it which are suspended in midair, and does a bunch of other stuff that is too insane, offensive, disgusting, or weird to be mentioned here. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Unemployed 28-year-old cartoonist Gordon "Gord" Brody leaves his parents' home in Portland, Oregon, to pursue his lifelong ambition of obtaining a contract for an animated television series. His parents give him a car in which he drives to Los Angeles and starts work at a cheese sandwich factory. Gord shows his drawings to Dave Davidson, the CEO of a major animation studio; Davidson tells him that the artwork is really good, but that the concepts depicted, including a vigilante "X-Ray Cat", are nonsensical. Disheartened, Gord quits his job and returns to his parents. Gord's father Jim constantly insults and belittles him following his return, telling him to forget about being an animator and "get a job". When Gord pressures his friend Darren into skating on a wooden half-pipe he has built outside the Brody home, Darren falls and breaks his leg. At the hospital, Gord impersonates a doctor, delivers a baby, and meets an attractive nurse named Betty, who uses a wheelchair, has an obsessive penchant for fellatio, and wants to create a rocket-powered wheelchair. Gord lies to Jim that he has got a job and goes out to a restaurant with Betty, pretending he is at work. However, Jim sees him there, and also disparages Betty due to her disabilities. After a fight in the restaurant, Gord is arrested and bailed out by Betty. Following her advice, Gord attempts to continue drawing, however he gets into an argument with Jim, who then smashes Gord's half-pipe. Gord and his parents then go to a family therapy session, where Gord falsely accuses Jim of "fingering" Gord's younger brother, Freddy. The 25-year-old Freddy is sent to a home for sexually molested children while Gord's mother Julie leaves Jim, and ends up dating the basketball player Shaquille O'Neal. While in a drunken stupor, Jim tells Gord how much of a disappointment he is to him. Affected by Jim's words, Gord decides to abandon his aspirations to be a cartoonist and gets a job at a local sandwich shop. After seeing a television news report on Betty's successful rocket-powered wheelchair, Gord is inspired to pursue his dreams once again. He returns to Hollywood with a concept based on his relationship with his father: an animated series called Zebras in America. Jim follows him there after threatening Darren into revealing where he had gone. While Gord is pitching the show to Davidson, Jim bursts in and trashes Davidson's office. Thinking Jim's actions are part of Gord's pitch, Davidson greenlights Zebras in America and gives Gord a million-dollar check. Gord spends a quarter of that money on an elaborate thank you to Betty for inspiring him, and the remainder to relocate the Brody house to Pakistan with his father inside, unconscious - a response to Jim's earlier put-down that "If this were Pakistan, you would have been sewing soccer balls when you were four years old!" Gord and Jim soon come to terms, but are then abducted and held hostage. The kidnapping becomes a news item, as Gord's series has already become popular. After 18 months in captivity, Gord and Jim return to America, where a huge crowd, including Betty, welcomes them home. 
 Super Troopers (2001)541) Five Vermont state troopers, avid pranksters with a knack for screwing up, try to save their jobs and out-do the local police department by solving a crime. Thorny, Mac, Rabbit, Foster and Farva are Vermont state troopers out to have a good time. Stationed in a remote area near the Canadian border, the troopers, avid pranksters with an affinity for syrup, have a knack for screwing up on the job. But when budget cuts in the town of Spurbury threaten their livelihood and pit them against arch-rival Spurbury P.D., the five friends try to straighten up and fly right. That is, until a dead body is discovered and a possible drug ring is unearthed. The super troopers spring into action attempting to solve the crime, save their jobs, and outdo the local police department. Anonymous Welcome to Spurberry, Vermont. A small town that's off of a 50 mile stretch of interstate. While the town may not be very well populated, it has two police departments - the serious local cops and the fun loving highway patrol department. The highway department may be in danger of being completely cut from the state budget, but that doesn't stop its' small group of officers from having fun on the job - whether it's fooling speeders, making out with German tourists, or getting into fights at the local fast food joint. Under the guise of Captain John O'Hagan, officers Mac, Foster, Farva, Ramathorn, and the rookie Rabbit perform their jobs and with lots of free time to spare, while exploring other avenues not necessarily related to policing with predictably disastrous results. But now they're presented with an opportunity to solve a real crime that's being committed on their little stretch of highway. The local police and the highway police don't get along but the highway police know that the local police are up to something, but they can't quite put their finger on it. Thankfully with the help of an anonymous tipster and lots of beers they quickly put together the pieces of a real crime spree involving lots of drugs and a couple of murders that's happening right under their very noses. Can they step up their game, solve the crime, and save their department? halo1k A small Vermont state troopers (highway police) station is in danger of being axed by budget cuts, the ultimate defeat in its ongoing rivalry with Chief Grady's municipal Spurbury PD. Captain O'Hagan urges his men to limit their endless shenanigans and get some serious police work done to restore their image. However, the endless hazing of 'rookie' Rabbit (actually by far the best-behaved) and running gag practices seem in their genes. In Farva's case he can't help getting suspended within hours and 'exiled' to desk and menial duties. The accidental discovery of a corps and huge amounts of marijuana offer a last chance, but Grady is determined to put the feather on his cap, even if that takes playing dirty. Trooper Foster gets involved with young Spurbury cop Ursula, romantically and in the investigation, which turns up some surprises. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with three college aged men heading in a car down the interstate somewhere in Vermont. The kids are smoking heavy amounts of weed and having a discussion about whether or not if you own a beach property if you own the sand and the water. They are then stopped by officers Ramathorn and Rabbit, who demand their license and registration and ask the guys what they were doing. As they're getting ready to file a report, they're suddenly called away and the men are ecstatic to learn that they're getting off. But then a few minutes later, the cops are back and once again demand their license and registration. But the guys weren't pulled over for speeding. Instead they're pulled over for blatant offenses and drug violations. Officers Ramathorn and Rabbit take the guys into custody and they're being monitored on the radio by Officer Farva. Farva asks repeatedly if he's needed out there. Ramathorn and Rabbit assure Farva that they've got this one. A White Mazda Miata then passes by them at a break neck speed ensuing a high speed pursuit. They then radio Officer Foster - who's taken a siesta and gone fly fishing. They then end at a bar when it's revealed that the driver is another officer - Mac, who's trying to convince the college guys that he's a wanted killer, and sure enough they've bought it. The next day the officers are gathered at a local mom and pop shop for a breakfast before heading out on the road. Foster makes small talk with an attractive local cop named Ursula. We are then introduced to the local police, who it turns out, don't like the highway cops very much. Ramathorn and the rookie Rabbit are seen having a chugging contest with full bottles of maple syrup. Ramathorn wins by a mile while Rabbit struggles to keep up. They then get in a fight being provoked by local officer Smy. Captain O'Hagan who runs the Highway Dept. enters to put a stop to the fight. Back at headquarters, O'Hagan is instructing his officers that they're in danger of being cut from the state budget and that they really need to step up their game and start taking things more seriously. Farva pulls a prank on Rabbit involving a bar of soap in the coffee, and their distraction proves the point that O'Hagan was trying to make. Later that day the officers are out on patrol. Foster and Ramathorn decide to play the "cat game" where they see how many times they can casually insert the word "meow" into the conversation. The next day while at the station, they're tipped off to a 1052. They go to the scene which involves a Winnebago and a dead body inside. What they don't know upon investigating is that there's a dead woman inside face down in a pile of pig food, and a live and extremely angry pig is terrorizing the Winnebago. Ramathorn orders Rabbit to get the crime scene tape, but it turns out that the local police have already beat them to it. Ramathorn gets in a shouting match with Chief Grady over jurisdictional grievances. They then get into a huge fight that ends with punches being thrown. Back at the station, O'Hagan is furious at his officers and it seems that they've attracted some negative attention in the press because of the Winnebago fight. But Ramathorn and Foster are seen playing another prank on Rabbit involving shaving cream and a locker. Outside, while washing his car, Rabbit and Farva get into it when Farva talks about John Denver winning the country music award, while the guy who was supposed to win lit the award on fire in front of the whole show. He then sets fire to the tape that Rabbit is listening to. Rabbit talks about the incident that got Farva suspended from road duty when he went haywire on a bus full of unruly school kids. During the weekend, Ramathorn and his girlfriend watch their son in a Little League softball game, and unfortunately the local police have kids on the opposing team. Pranks and hilarity ensue - involving a giant thing of cotton candy that they send to Officer Rando, who seems less than amused and gets into a fight with the guy sitting in the bleachers behind him. While at the game, Foster has another conversation with Ursula and tells her he had a good time at the Winnebago fight. Ursula tells her that he can slug her back, but is instead hit by a foul ball. Officer Foster then goes and heads down to the local station in another attempt to pick up Ursula. While out on patrol, Ramathorn and Rabbit are then tipped off to a semi that skipped weighing in. This time they try the "repeat" game.That gets them into trouble - the driver, whose last name is Galakanokis, is driving for a company named Bunty Soap. He then locks the officers in the trailer and takes off. Several hours pass until the other officers arrive. Turns out Ramathorn and Rabbit got distracted by somebody doing a repeater. Ramathorn wonders what's inside the rows and rows of boxes in the trailer. They pick one up, and a huge brick of marijuana falls out of it. Back at the station, they're showing off the huge haul that they got from the Bunty Soap truck. They're then greeted by Spurberry Mayor Timber who assures O'Hagan that he's doing everything they can to battle with the governor's budget committee over who gets cut and why. Ramathorn then discovers that the Bunty Soap company is a fake company and doesn't exist. And that the driver was using a fake name and license. O'Hagan goes over to the local station where he's battling with Chief Grady over his theory that the Winnebago and the Bunty Soap truck are linked. A smug Grady informs O'Hagan that what they're doing is called "routine police work" and not chasing absurd conspiracy theories. Foster and Ursula finally have their first date. Unfortunately it ends rather poorly when they're locked in the back of Foster's police cruiser and have to have the door taken off. Meanwhile, Ramathorn and Rabbit have picked up two German tourists for driving in a Porsche 100MPH down the interestate. Rabbit begins heavily making out with the incredibly attractive passenger. Ramathorn - who has his son present, tries everything he can to get Rabbit to arrest them. On their second date, Foster places a prank call to the station to get Ursula outside. They then head into the impound lot where they begin making out on the bed of the Winnebago. Ursula jumps on top of Foster and smashes the bed. They then find more bricks of reefer with the same logo on them that they found in the truck. Meanwhile, Mac and Foster attempt to go undercover at the weigh station to get some intel about Bunty Soap but it turns out that neither of them can drive a semi. While filling up for gas and getting a snack, Farva is out watching speeders while Mac is getting hot and heavy looking at a billboard for a local strip club. His radar then catches a speeder going nearly 110 MPH. It turns out Rabbit took the Porsche for a joyride. Officer Farva returns to the station - where O'Hagan has informed the troops about the fact that they got an official government form to inventory their equipment. This incident with Rabbit was bad timing as O'Hagan takes him off the road and puts Farva back on. Neither Foster, Ramathorn, or Mac want Farva to be their partner. Unfortunately he's paired with Ramathorn. Farva's new found freedom back on the road proves to be incredibly short lived however. The next day he's out to lunch with Ramathorn at a local fast food place called Dimpus Burger. He attempts to order a "litre of cola", and the clerk, not knowing what that is, manages to anger the easily-angered Farva who gets in a fight with the clerk. As they sit down, Farva realizes that the cook spit in his burger. But the real offense comes when he pulls off a contest tab on his soda and it pours all over him. He then jumps the counter and proceeds to fight the clerk physically. Farva is arrested and taken to the local police station where he's being berated by the local officers. Grady then dismisses the other officers and tells Farva that he's got a job opening and that Farva would be the ideal candidate. Back at the station, O'Hagan is watching the looping security tapes from Dimpus Burger that clearly show Farva jumping the counter and assaulting the clerk, and is furious at Farva and permanently takes him off the road because it's all over the police banner and making their department look bad. Farva has also been subsequently banned from Dimpus Burger. That night while taking inventory on their equipment, Ramathorn, Mac, Foster, and Rabbit decide to smoke some of the reefer with the German tourist and watch a propaganda video that explains the origin of the monkey character that's on all the bricks of weed that they've accumulated. Farva has been demoted to being O'Hagan's janitor. Meanwhile, Foster and Ursula have their first public date, but since they don't want anyone knowing that they are together they are seen dressed as bikers, although Foster has a different idea of bikers than Ursula does. Ursula tries to tip Foster off to the fact that her boss and colleagues are up to something that could be criminal but doesn't know what that is yet and wants the Highway Dept. to figure it out, because she's tired of working for them under the conditions that they're treating her as a professional. The next day they're trying to figure out how they can get their department in front of the governor, who's in town for a whistle stop visit. The officers start formulating a plan that there's more in the Winnebago and that if they can get it in front of the governor that she'll reconsider her plan to shut down the department. Mac tries his hand at the "bulletproof cup" - an elaborate prank created by O'Hagan to get the rookies naked. But instead they used blanks, and not actual bullets. It's now time for the governor's visit. The troopers put their plan into action. They break into the police impound lot to get the Winnebago and drive it over to city hall where the governor's giving a speech. It's an open bar and Farva proceeds to get as drunk as he possibly can. They were right and Grady leaves the two dumbest officers at the station. They get a call. Outside is a man presumably having sex with a bear. It's actually an elaborate distraction - Rabbit in disguise. As they drive to the place where the governor's speech is held, as they get to the goods, they learn that they've already been had. That night, as they learn the shut down is unavoidable, they proceed to have one last party at the station and get really drunk. In the locker room, they're stunned to learn that Farva has switched sides and has become a local police officer. Furious, they hog tie Farva and take his cruiser out for a joyride, making a stop at Dimpus Burger and a couple of other places, including Grady's house, where a way too drunk O'Hagan wants to throw down fisticuffs with Grady. Ursula calls them on the radio. She is finally able to tip them off to what Grady and her fellow officers have been up to. Foster thinks that Ursula was the one who told Grady about the extra marijuana in the Winnebago but it wasn't. They drive to a remote area where they witness a plane that has just landed. Farva finally manages to free himself to stall them. But a drunk Ramathorn ensures Farva that if he helps them, he could be a hero in all of this. As they're watching the events unfold, Grady goes to meet the pilot of the plane which has Canadian designations and identifiers. Ursula meets up with the troopers and tells O'Hagan that she was the one who gave the troopers all those anonymous tips - about the college kids, the Winnebago, and the Bunty Soap company, that they're all linked to her boss. She's grown incredibly tired of the fact that they constantly put her on the radio and give her no field work. The other local officers are then seen unloading more giant bricks of marijuana from the plane into another semi that bears a striking resemblance to the Bunty Soap truck that they pulled over, and they finally figure out that Grady has been using the Spurberry police department to run protection for a huge drug ring. They then enact a plan to arrest the officers which then leads to a huge drunken brawl between the two departments. But unfortunately with no weapons, they search Farva's cruiser for anything they can for a distraction only to find a blow up doll and a few flare guns. O'Hagan is glad to put the handcuffs on Grady and read his rights. The next day, the troopers are gathered at O'Hagan's house where he is about to read a congratulatory letter from the governor. Unfortunately, despite the good they've done in tearing down police corruption, the governor still plans to shut down the department for good. Several months pass. We see Ramathorn and Foster operating a beer delivery service and are transporting a keg to a college frat party, which is held at the house of the guys that they had picked up going to Canada. They are seen as being rather mean to the former highway patrol men. Ramathorn, tired of their antics, finally pulls off the uniforms that he and Foster were wearing and reveal themselves to be the new local police. Farva, Ursula, Mac, and Rabbit arrive and they have a huge party. The movie ends with a post credits scene that shows the incident that got Farva suspended in the first place by attacking a school bus full of kids. The incident was caught on the surveillance camera on Farva's police cruiser. 
 Pumpkin (2002)Summaries A sorority girl finds her life falling apart after she develops romantic feelings for a mentally-challenged man. Perky, perfect Carolyn and her Alpha Omega Pi sisters plan to win Sorority of the Year by impressing the Greek Council with a killer charity: coaching mentally challenged athletes for the regional Challenged Games. When Carolyn's assigned to coach Pumpkin she's terrified at first, but soon sees in him something she's never seen before: a gentle humanity and honest clarity that touches her soul. To the horror of her friends and Pumpkin's overprotective mother, Carolyn falls in love, becoming an outcast in the process. As Carolyn's "perfect life" falls apart, Pumpkin teaches her that perfect isn't always perfect after all. Press kit It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 