nm0004919:

 We're the Millers (2013)541) A veteran pot dealer creates a fake family as part of his plan to move a huge shipment of weed into the U.S. from Mexico. After being robbed of a week's take, small-time pot dealer David is forced by his boss to go to Mexico to pick up a load of marijuana. In order to improve his odds of making it past the border, David asks the broke stripper Rose and two local teenagers to join him and pretend they're on a family holiday. Peter Brandt Nielsen A pot dealer gets his drug money stolen by a street thug, and now he has to create a fake family in order to bring a huge shipment of weed from Mexico to the US. The drug dealer hires Rose, a stripper, for "drug smuggling". In the red, she accedes to the plan to pose as the wife to go in the black. He also recruits two teenagers to pose as children. Now, he must get past customs and hilarious encounters, especially with a real family. gamergcfan If you're a soccer mom in search of some reefer, David Burke (Sudeikis) is just the man to talk to. He certainly isn't the biggest dealer in town, but he's discreet, and aims to please. When David attempts to perform a good deed and gets robbed in the process, however, his supplier Brad (Ed Helms) is none too happy. Now, in order to pay Brad back before the hammer drops, David must retrieve a big drug shipment from Mexico and sneak back across the border undetected. It's a risky job for sure, but with the help of a few neighbors David might just pull it off. With sardonic stripper Rose (Jennifer Aniston) assuming the role of housewife, teenage misfit Kenny (Will Poulter) posing as the awkward son, and rebellious Casey (Emma Roberts) filling in as his sister, David slips on some khakis, and starts heading south. Meanwhile, as David tries to convince himself that the border patrol wouldn't give a second glance at such a typical suburban family, the shipment -- and the stakes -- both prove greater than anticipated.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. David Clarke (Jason Sudeikis) is sitting on his couch watching funny YouTube videos when he starts getting hit up for weed. He goes around town making the deliveries while scoring a large amount of cash. That evening, David runs into an old college friend named Rick Nathanson (Thomas Lennon). Rick mentions his life as a family man and wonders why David hasn't gotten around to settling down. David gives him some pot as a gift and sends him off. Rose O'Reilly (Jennifer Aniston) is at her job at the strip joint. She's talking to a particularly dim co-stripper named Kymberly (Laura-Leigh), who tells her that her stage name is "Boner Garage" (with a tattoo pointing down below to prove it). Their boss Todd (Ken Marino) tells Rose to go tend to a customer with two hook hands. David and Rose meet up at their apartment. David tries to start some small talk, but Rose is not interested in anything he has to say and tells him he is not a neighbor, he's a drug dealer. He hands her a bit of her mail that he got, reminding her that her rent is due. As Rose goes to her apartment, a dorky kid named Kenny (Will Poulter) comes in to say hi to David and also asks to buy weed, but he refuses to sell to him because he is a kid. Outside, Kenny sees some punks harassing a young woman. He tries to be the hero and defend her, but he only gets attacked. David intervenes and tries get Kenny out of there, but he stupidly blabs out to the punks that David is a drug dealer. David and Kenny make a run for it. David runs through a fire escape and tries to throw his backpack full of drugs and money into a dumpster below and jump in after it, but the backpack knocks dumpster lid closed and he falls hard on his back. The punks assault him, go to his apartment, and rob him of his entire drug stash and money. The next morning, David is at a diner where he keeps getting phone calls from someone named Brad Gurdlinger. On his way out, he is tased and captured by two goons. He is taken all the way to the home of Brad (Ed Helms), David's distributor, complete with an aquarium featuring a killer whale. Brad knows David got robbed, but he offers him a chance to redeem himself. He instructs him to go to Mexico to pick up a "smidge (and a half)" of weed for "Pablo Chacon" (Brad's alias) and bring it back by Sunday night, which is 4th of July. Brad tells David he will pay him $100,000 and reminds David that he does not have a choice. David tells Kenny about his dilemma. He suggests using a disguise, but David thinks it's a stupid idea. That's when a family man in an RV pulls up to ask David and Kenny for directions to the zoo. David insults them and tells them to fuck off, but a cop offers directions. That's when the idea hits David, and he comes up with a plan. He runs to the strip joint to ask Rose for help with the plan, in which he will have her pose as his wife so that they can look like a regular family crossing the border to Mexico to pick up the weed without arousing suspicion, and in return, he would give Rose $10,000. Rose adamantly refuses. However, David convinces Kenny to come along just for the ride. He even finds the girl from the night before, Casey (Emma Roberts), and hires her for $1,000, believing her to be homeless. Back at the strip joint Rose is told by Todd that he wants her to start having sex with customers for payment, making Rose angry enough to quit. When she gets home, she finds an eviction notice on her door. David, Kenny, and Casey all head off to the airport the next day to fly down to Arizona to pick up the motorhome and drive into Mexico. David introduces the three of them as the Millers. It starts off rocky when Casey makes a snide joke in front of the flight attendant. They are joined by Rose, to David's surprise. As Rose puts her bag in the overhead compartment, Kenny accidentally presses his face against her breasts, which somehow causes him to accidentally smack Casey in the face, inciting an argument among the whole "family". David pulls them all to the back, where he doubts Rose's ability to pull off the act, but she surprises them when she makes them all appear to be praying to throw off suspicion from the flight attendant. The group arrives in Tucson where they're presented with an RV of their own to cross the border. On the road, Casey spots a fireworks stand, so she and Kenny beg David, as if they were children, to grab some fireworks. He tells them all straight up that this is just a job and that they are not really a family. However, he goes back to get a single firework to satisfy them. They manage to get through and head to pick up the weed, arriving at a drug ranch. David says he is picking up for Pablo Chacon, but is alarmed to discover that the "smidge and a half" of weed is actually close to two metric tons. He calls up Brad to complain, but he only mocks him and reminds him to bring it back by Sunday. Meanwhile, Kenny is given a fruit basket by the mother of a one-eyed goon, unaware that a large tarantula is crawling in there. The group heads back to the border with weed in nearly every compartment where it can be hidden. They are stopped by a cop (Luis Guzman), who remarks that he saw them coming from Pablo Chacon's ranch, and he will not arrest them under the condition of a bribe. He asks for $1,000. David says they don't have that amount, so the cop then suggests that they provide him with an intimate favor. David tells Rose to suck the cop off, but she refuses. The cop tells her she has nothing to worry about because he prefers the company of another man, so Rose tells David to "suck his dick." David smiles sheepishly and try's to convince Kenny to go through with it for the ladies. The cop comes out as Kenny is preparing himself, but the cop says he meant he wanted $1,000 pesos, which, as David guesses, is roughly 80 American dollars. He gives him $100 and grabs Kenny and leaves. On the way back to the border, the group passes another family in an RV, the Fitzgeralds - Don (Nick Offerman), Edie (Kathryn Hahn), and their daughter Melissa (Molly Quinn), whom Kenny is instantly smitten with. As they inch closer to the border, they spot a vehicle that is pulled over and caught with a joint. The driver is then viciously assaulted by the officers at the border, alarming the group just as a pound of weed falls in Rose's lap. She quickly covers it up, leading Edie to think she has a baby. David tells the group to calm down and put on sombreros to appear like a family. He drops his smile as he grows nervous. The officer at the front asks the group to step out. Before he can search the RV, a bunch of Mexicans crawl from under the RV and make a run for it. The officer pardons the group since this happens often. David is ecstatic to have made it out of there, but he drives so fast that he causes the RV to heat up and break down. Rose and Casey walk off in frustration. As they walk down the road, Casey admits to Rose that she is not homeless, but that she prefers to stay with her friends instead of being home. They nearly start arguing when Casey makes a snide remark about Rose's stripping profession, but they are picked up by the Fitzgeralds, who have already picked up David and Kenny (and the pound of weed), along with the broken down RV in tow. On their way to a garage, Edie asks David how he and Rose met. He describes a memory he had of Rose when he admired how she looked, sounding very sincere and genuine, almost touching Rose. He ruins it when he recalls accidentally wrecking a painting done by Rose's grandfather. He also unintentionally discovers that Don is a DEA agent. The garage turns out to be closed for the night, so the Fitzgeralds resolve for the "Millers" to camp with them for the night. Edie wants to hold Rose's "baby", but Rose panics to the point where she tosses the pound into the street, where it is run over by a truck, scaring the absolute shit out of Edie. Casey saves them when she says this was part of a school experiment. The real Pablo Chacon (Tomer Sisley) arrives to his ranch to pick up the stash of weed with an average-looking guy with him. When he is told that another "gringo with a haircut like a donkey" has already picked up the weed, Pablo brings his one-eyed goon with him to track the family down. That evening, during a game of Pictionary, David and Rose plot to steal Don's RV keys while he and Edie are asleep. As Melissa is up to draw, she is upset when her parents can't guess what she's drawing. Kenny goes up to make her feel better with his terrible drawing of a skateboard, which Rose misinterprets as "Black Cock Down". After that disaster of a game, Casey catches Kenny talking to Melissa outside the RV, bringing David and Rose to check out the scene. Melissa tries to get a kiss from Kenny, but he hugs her instead. David goes outside to talk to him, and the best advice he can give him is to count to three in a tense situation. While the Fitzgeralds are sleeping, David and Rose sneak out to steal the keys. The Fitzgeralds awaken to find the two of them in their tent, but they believe that they are there for a sexual fling. After Edie grabs Rose's breasts for a bit, the pair leaves uncomfortably. Casey attempts to help Kenny out after learning that he's never kissed a girl. She teaches him how to kiss, out of pity, which David and Rose walk in on. Rose joins in to help Kenny practice, but Melissa walks in on them, making it look like Kenny is kissing his mother and sister. She leaves appalled, and Kenny is flat out embarrassed. Don and Edie take the group to the garage and drop them off. As David calls Brad up, they are ambushed by Pablo, who found the RV with a tracking device. He plans to kill the group as a family, but David admits that the family is fake and that Rose is just a stripper. This gets Pablo's attention, and he orders Rose to strip. She puts on a very hot show for everybody, ending with her pulling steam on Pablo's face, giving them an opportunity to run. Kenny tries to drive the RV and busts out of the garage and wrecks Pablo's car. On their way out, the tarantula in the fruit basket crawls it's way up to Kenny's leg and bites him, causing him swerve and run the RV off the road. He runs out in pain and reveals to the group a very large and painful-looking swollen testicle, eventually fainting from it. The group is forced to stick around the hospital for a few hours as Kenny recovers. Casey goes off with a loser named Scottie P. (Mark L. Young) for a few hours while David and Rose briefly bond. Through this, David learns that Rose's real name is Sarah. As Casey comes back, David and Rose chastise her for spending so much time out, almost sounding like a real mother and father. Kenny is released to the group, and David rushes him off in his wheelchair to the RV, only to knock Kenny down as he hits the RV. David tries to pick him up in the most irresponsible way, upsetting Rose and Casey. This leads to a big argument between everybody, and Casey walks off on her own. David is prepared to leave, but Kenny and Rose won't leave without Casey. David leaves them behind and drives off. As he drives further, he hears "Waterfalls" by TLC on the radio, which Kenny humorously sang along to earlier. Kenny and Rose find Casey with Scottie P., who tries to sexually harass Casey. They come to her aid, with Kenny counting to three before Rose punches Scottie in the nose, sending him off. David arrives in time to find the three of them, having to get on his knees and beg them to rejoin him (he only really gets on his knees). While they're heading back, they run into Edie and Melissa. Melissa is still uncomfortable with how she saw Kenny the previous night, eventually forcing Kenny to reveal that the family is fake and that they are smuggling pot across the border. That's when the one-eyed goon steps in to kill the group, but, not before Don pops up and completely incapacitates the goon. Unfortunately, Pablo comes out holding Melissa at gunpoint. He plans to kill the whole group, but David steps in to defend them, giving a speech on how he's come to love the three of them and that the Fitzgeralds were in the wrong place at the wrong time. Before Pablo can kill any of them, fireworks are set off, distracting Pablo long enough for David to hit him, throwing the gun out of his hand, and giving Kenny the chance to knock him out cold. This impresses Melissa, but not as much as Kenny grabbing her and kissing her romantically beneath the fireworks (with a tongue trick that Rose taught him). Don arrests Pablo and his goon, and then says that he must also arrest the group...after he hugs his family. The group reads this as a sign that the Fitzgeralds are letting them escape, and they take it. David finally brings the weed to Brad, but since he missed the deadline, he is not getting paid. Turns out, Brad was actually never going to pay him at all. David turns the tables on Brad when a whole team of DEA agents bursts into Brad's place, arresting him and his guys. Don thanks David for helping him bring Pablo and Brad to them. Don then tells David that he will have to be placed in witness protection for the next 3 to 6 months, along with every other witness to the crime. David smiles. The group is now living as a family in a pretty nice home. David meets the new neighbors, the Johnsons. He introduces himself, Kenny, Casey, and Rose (calling her Sarah) as the Millers. David and Rose walk away saying they don't like the Johnson's. As they sit to have a meal, it is revealed they are growing marijuana leaves in their backyard. Bloopers and outtakes are shown before the end credits, ending with Jason Sudeikis putting on the "Friends" theme song for Jennifer Aniston, and having Emma Roberts and Will Poulter sing along and clap for fun. 
 Intrusion (II) (2021)211) A woman moves to a small town with her husband, but is rattled when she is targeted for a home invasion. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Meera and Henry are a married couple living in an isolated, ultra-modern house in Corrales, New Mexico, which Henry designed and built. Meera is a cancer survivor, and worries that the disease may return, but Henry is very understanding and supportive. One evening, after returning home from a date night, the couple find that their house has been broken into and the living room trashed. The only things stolen are a laptop and their cell phones (which they left behind so as not to be a distraction during their date). After a visit from a detective (who, hearing pipes rattling, suggests they need a plumber), Henry installs a security system at the house. A few days later, Meera is woken in the night by strange noises in the house, like rattling pipes. When she tries the lights, they do not work. Henry goes outside to check the generator and finds it has been smashed. He sees flashlight beams in the windows of the house and realizes the intruders have returned. Dashing back inside, he finds Meera bound and gagged in the bedroom. He releases her and they try to escape, but are pursued by masked men. Meera manages to get to the couple's car, but then hears gunshots from inside the house. A wounded man staggers outside, followed by Henry, who shoots and kills him. The next day, at the police station, Meera and Henry are shown mugshots of the three intruders, one of whom is still alive and in ICU at the local hospital. They were all from the Cobb family, living in a rundown trailer park on the outskirts of town. They also learn that a young woman from the same family has recently gone missing. Meera is left extremely traumatized by these events, and also by the discovery that Henry kept a hidden gun. Henry assures her he has got rid of it, and suggests that despite what has happened, they should go ahead with the housewarming party they had intended to give. With this in mind, he drives off to buy supplies for the party. Meera notices he has left his wallet, and when she cannot reach him by phone, she decides to follow him to the store. She soon catches up with his car, but to her surprise he turns off at the hospital. Distracted by this, she collides with another vehicle. Meera's car is taken to the body shop and she takes an Uber home. She tells Henry what happened and asks why he went to the hospital. He tells her he just took a wrong turn. With her own car out of action, Meera borrows Henry's car to get to work. In the car park, she meets the detective in charge of the case. He tells her the surviving intruder has died, so the case is now closed. Meera also learns that the man died on the night she followed Henry to the hospital. Now deeply suspicious, Meera looks through the GPS record on Henry's vehicle and sees the Cobb home address. She goes there and manages to enter their trailer. Inside, she finds an envelope bearing the logo of Henry's construction company, with the address written in his handwriting. Meera opens the family's mailbox and finds a package containing a video camera. A neighbor appears and confronts her, saying he saw her car there a few days before and accusing her of "snooping". He seizes the package and bangs it against a wall. Meera grabs the package and leaves. Back home, she tries to play the video, but it will not work properly; she sees only the image of Dylan Cobb. She orders another camera online, arranging to have it delivered to her work address. She decides to search Henry's office and finds a USB chip with photos of the construction of their house. Dylan appears in the photos as one of the construction team. Henry arrives home and so she has to cut short her search, but later that night she studies the photos again and this time sees images of Christine, the missing girl. The next day, Meera confronts Henry; she wants to know why an envelope with his handwriting was at the Cobb trailer, why he himself had visited the trailer, why he started keeping a gun, and how come he has pictures of the missing girl on his computer. Henry explains he was short of cash to complete building the house, and he committed fraud in order to get extra cash, but intended to repay the money. Dylan Cobb had worked for him, but Henry fired him after he saw Dylan ill-treating his daughter; Dylan was enraged and swore revenge, and also threatened to expose Henry's dodgy financial dealings. Henry had been paying Dylan to keep quiet, but after he stopped paying, Dylan and the other Cobb men broke into the house. Meera is reassured by Henry's explanation, and happiness is restored. When the new video camera arrives, she is no longer interested in looking at the film she found at the Cobb home. Finally it is the night of the housewarming party, and with the house full of guests the party is in full swing. When Meera happens to see a TV news item about the still-missing Christine Cobb, her suspicions are reawakened. She gets the new video camera and plays the tape. On it, Dylan Cobb talks about how he did not like the way Henry looked at his daughter, and that after Christine went missing, Dylan went to Henry's house with his dog, which started barking furiously in the vicinity of the office. Meera goes to Henry's office and finds a hidden switch, which opens a secret door to a basement. Down in the basement, Christine is discovered bound to a chair, attached to pipes by chains; this is the cause of the mysterious banging noises which have occasionally been heard in the house. Meera tries to free the girl, but Henry arrives in the basement before she succeeds. He tells Meera that he has always had perverted urges, but that he did not choose to be this way. Meera finally realizes that the reason Henry built their isolated home was so he could have a secret place to keep his victims. She attempts to call 911, but Henry overpowers her and ties her up. Back upstairs, he tells their guests that Meera has had too much to drink and has gone to bed, and he sends the guests home. Meera manages to get free of her bonds and she also frees Christine. Henry comes back down to the basement while they are trying to escape, and a chase ensues. Henry knocks out Meera and drags Christine back down to the basement. There, he ties her up again and is about to kill her with a baseball bat, but instead he is fatally wounded when a revived Meera appears and smashes him in the head with a clock. Ironically it is a clock he had given her as a special present on their first date. A dying Henry asks Meera what she will do when she no longer has him to take care of her; she replies that she will take care of herself. A final scene shows a sunny day and Meera moving out of the now empty house, and driving away. 
 Saved by the Bell: The New Class (19932000)Summaries A new group of students are now making their way through the halls of Bayside High School. Mr. Belding is still the principal, and Screech is now his assistant. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Decay (I) (2015)Summaries Jonathan is a very lonely man. One day, he gets a visitor in his house: a young woman who, through a jarring turn of events, ends up dead. He does not report it because he is happy to have a friend, but now the body begins to decay. Jonathan is a middle-aged grounds keeper at a local theme park and suffers from a debilitating case of OCD. One day, his daily routine is disrupted by a surprise visitor in his basement: a beautiful young woman who, through a jarring turn of events, ends up dead. Jonathan panics and chooses not to report the dead girl. Instead, he invites her to dinner. Jonathan is happy to have a friend, until the police start closing in, and his mind, and the body of the girl, begins to decay. Uncork'd Entertainment Two teenage girls break in the house of Jonathan expecting to find marijuana in his greenhouse in the basement. However Jonathan returns from his work and surprises Katlyn that is in the top of a ladder. She startles, falls on the floor and dies. When her friend sees Katlyn dead, she believes Jonathan has killed Katlyn and runs to the street. She is hit by a car and also dies. Jonathan is a lonely obsessive, compulsive and psychotic man that collects keys and has cleaning compulsion. His mother also suffered from OCD and raised him with the same paranoia. His only friends are his neighbor that helps him at home and the security guard in the closed amusement park where he works as janitor. Jonathan does not report the incident to the police; instead, he decides to keep the beautiful Katlyn in the bathtub with ice and she becomes his girlfriend. He has dinner with her, baths her, until the day her body begins to decay. What will Jonathan do? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 