nm0000401:

 Contagion (2011)541) Healthcare professionals, government officials and everyday people find themselves in the midst of a pandemic as the CDC works to find a cure. Soon after her return from a business trip to Hong Kong, Beth Emhoff dies from what is a flu or some other type of infection. Her young son dies later the same day. Her husband Mitch however seems immune. Thus begins the spread of a deadly infection. For doctors and administrators at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control, several days pass before anyone realizes the extent or gravity of this new infection. They must first identify the type of virus in question and then find a means of combating it, a process that will likely take several months. As the contagion spreads to millions of people worldwide, societal order begins to break down as people panic. garykmcd Beth Emhoff (Gwenyth Paltrow) returns from a business trip to Hong Kong with a stop over at the Chicago airport, where she has sex with her former lover. Beth feels ill, but thinks the problem is jet leg. She travels back home to Minneapolis and spreads the virus to her son Clark and her husband, Mitch. When Beth and Clark die, Mitch goes in quarantine where the doctors realise he is immune to the mysterious virus. Meanwhile in Hong Kong, London and in a small province, cases of the mystery illness are cropping up, as the American CDC and the World Health Organization give their best effort researching the virus. A race against the clock begins, as the virus is spreading in a geometric progression, and if no solution is found - very fast - humanity will cease to be. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Unable to comprehend the sudden and untimely demise of his fit-as-a-fiddle wife, Beth, and his equally healthy son, Clark, suddenly, the grieving father, Mitch Emhoff, finds himself quarantined and in shock. In the meantime, as a virulent pathogen is infecting thousands around the globe, the Center for Disease Control and the World Health Organisation struggle to figure out the origin and the rapid progress of the virus; but, in vain. Now, against the backdrop of an unprecedented situation and the hunt for Patient Zero, nothing makes sense, and what's even more dangerous, self-appointed prophets manipulate the masses, as riots erupt, economies collapse, and people perish by the thousands. But, the invisible adversary is everywhere, there's still no cure for the lethal disease, and more or less, the average person touches his face nearly 3,000 times a day. Is there an escape from the suffocating grip of the deadly contagion? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. DAY 2 Beth Emhoff ( Gwyneth Paltrow ) is coughing in an airport lounge and gets a call from John Neal (voice of director Steven Soderbergh , in his uncredited cameo role), an old acquaintance who she just had sex with. A montage where we see several other people ensues. A young man in Hong Kong gets off a boat, sweating. He goes home to his family and his sister looks at him concerned. In London, a model gets sick and goes back to her hotel room. Hotel staff come into the room and find her dead on the bathroom floor. On a plane, a businessman comes out of the lavatory with a pained expression on his face. He is traveling back home to Tokyo. He is on a bus when he collapses to the floor, convulsing. His death is captured on a camera phone. The young man from Hong Kong leaves his apartment, coughing near several people in an elevator. He walks the streets, his vision getting more hazy. He walks into traffic and is hit by a truck and killed. Finally, in Minnesota, Beth comes home to her husband Mitch ( Matt Damon ) and son Clark ( Griffin Kane ), hugging them both. DAY 3 Dr. Ellis Cheever ( Laurence Fishburne ) comes into work at the Atlanta-based Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). On the way in, he passes a janitor named Roger ( John Hawkes ) who he is on friendly terms with due to the football pool they have. Roger asks Cheever about his son since the school thinks he has ADHD. Roger asks if Cheever could look at him but Cheever says he is not that kind of doctor. However, he knows some people so he will try to refer a good doctor to Roger for his son. Meanwhile, Mitch goes to pick up from Clark from school from what they think is a fever. Mitch tells Clark he will beat it by Thanksgiving. At a news office a blogger journalist and conspiracy theorist, named Alan ( Jude Law ), is talking to an editor, named Lorraine, about the Tokyo bus incident. Alan thinks it may have to do with mercury poisoning in fish worldwide. Lorraine says they don't have the budget for this kind of freelance work but Allen says this story can go worldwide in 24 hours. Lorraine says she will pass it to another editor. Allen tells her he recorded this conversation and if she steals his story he will sue her. DAY 4 Beth is at home, getting worse. She stares at a cup of coffee and tries to pick it up as Mitch talks about his day. She instead makes it fall off the counter and shatter. Mitch comes to help clean it up, when Beth starts to have a seizure. Mitch is scared, and he sees Clark at the doorway looking at his mother convulsing. Mitch tells him to go upstairs as he calls 911. At the hospital, Mitch tries to explain what happened and Beth's allergies when she has another seizure and Mitch is pushed out of the room. A doctor comes to see him later and tells him Beth has just died. Mitch is in shock and asks to talk to her, not computing the news. The doctor tries to explain that his wife might have picked something up in China but there are no health alerts there to match to any of her symptoms. The medical board is going to order an autopsy in order to determine what killed her. Mitch is aghast and screams, "What happened?!" Mitch is being driven home when he gets a call. His son is sick. He tells the babysitter to call 911. When he gets home, the babysitter says Clark had a headache so she put him to bed. By the time Mitch gets there, it is too late, his son is dead. DAY 5 In Switzerland, Dr. Leonora Orantes ( Marion Cotillard ), goes to work at the World Health Organization (WHO). She handles a briefing on this unknown virus and the cases of infection in the U.S., China, London and Japan. She expresses the need for the WHO to be thorough in its investigations. She mentions Beth as being the potential start of the infection. Back in Hong Kong, the sister of the young man that was infected has his body cremated and goes to take his ashes away for burial via bus. A cleaning lady is checking the bus when she finds the girl dead. Her brother clearly infected her too before he died. In Chicago, Beth's lover John Neal is being carried out on a stretcher. He has been infected as well. His wife looks on in shock, wondering what is wrong. Two medical morticians do the autopsy on Beth, opening up her skull. They notice something strange about her brain. One of the men asks if he should take a sample. "Actually, I want you stand away from the table!" The other technician tells him. The technician tells his partner to call EVERYONE. DAY 6 In Atlanta, Dr. Erin Mears ( Kate Winslet ) is being briefed by Ellis on her job on the mysterious virus outbreak. She is to investigate and contain cases of infection. If she needs anything she can call him, no questions asked. Erin travels to Minnesota to be transported to a nearby CDC office. Mitch is taken back to the hospital and put under quarantine watch. His teenage daughter from his previous marriage, Jory Emhoff ( Anna Jacoby-Heron ), arrives. They talk on a phone. Jory feels guilty of not being there when Clark died, but Mitch says it is not her fault. In addition, if she had been, she could have been infected too. She is all he has left. Mitch tells Jory to go home to her mother, but Jory says she will not leave him. She is staying with him. Dr. Erin Mearsgives a briefing about the virus and the precautions they need to take. One woman asks if they are panicking about something they know little of. "We don't even know what to tell people to be afraid of." Mears notes that the virus is a contagion of touch. So the littlest things people touch and interact with, including each other, are potential harbors for infection. The problem, Mears says, is the carriers and the number they will potentially infect, the R-naught number. Flu is usually one person. Polio, pre-vaccine, was between four and six. Until they know more, this virus' R-naught number could be much greater. Two doctors, Ally Hextall ( Jennifer Ehle ) and David Eisenberg ( Demetri Martin ) go into a secure bio lab and look at the samples taken from Beth's body among others. Hextall says they need to send it to Dr. Ian Sussman ( Elliott Gould ). Ian is another doctor in a less secure bio medical facility then theirs. He is leaving when he is accosted by Allen about accusations that this virus is being manufactured as a potential profiting scheme by drug companies. Sussman tells him to make an appointment and insults Allen's journalism saying, "Blogging is graffiti with punctuation." DAY 7 Cheever is met at the CDC doors by Homeland Security agents. He is briefed by their liaison, Lyle Haggerty ( Bryan Cranston ). Homeland Security believes the virus might be a terrorist action as it is the only way terrorists have not tried to kill people. Cheever is intrigued by the theory but unconvinced. Haggerty mentions that someone could try to weaponize the Avian flu but Cheever counters that by saying, "They don't need to. The birds are doing it for us." A news report states that the school Clark attended is being closed after three nurses and two other children die. A panic starts to form. Mears goes to the AIMM offices where Beth worked. Many interacted with Beth before she left the country for China, so their fears are assuaged by Mears. Mears notes none had direct contact with Beth after she came home. One remembers Eric Barnes, another co-worker, drove her home from the airport. Mears calls him as he is on a bus. She tells him to get off as he is infected. He waits at the stop until Mears arrives with a containment crew. Meanwhile, Mitch is being asked by a doctor about Beth. Mitch knows little of substance. The doctor asks about her Chicago layover, and if Beth knew anyone there. Mitch mentions that his wife was with John Neal before they married. Realisation hits Mitch. He asks if Neal is infected. The doctor is resistant but eventually nods. Mitch is stunned that his wife was cheating on him with her former boyfriend. Hextall and Eisenberg give a briefing to Cheever about the virus sample taken from Beth's body. It latches onto the host cell, taking over completely. The body doesn't know what to do and the virus continues to attack. They noticed there are traces of bat and pig in the virus DNA code so it mostly originated from an infected bat. Understanding the severity of the issue, Cheever orders Sussman to be shut down and their secure lab is the only place where research will be done. Hextall calls Sussman and reluctantly tells him to shut down and destroy his samples. DAY 8 Cheever briefs the CDC on the outbreak on cases of the virus worldwide. The numbers of infected reach 80,000+ and could reach as high as 267,000. Allen continues to blog about the virus and how the government is conspiring with the drug companies to turn a profit on tragedy. He claims that a drug is available to treat the virus, but it is being suppressed by the CDC. Meanwhile, Dr. Orantes goes to Hong Kong. Her job is to track the movements Beth made while there. Her liaison is Sun Feng who is ambivalent as Hong Kong being the focal point of the viral outbreak but Orantes concludes it is Beth that started it all. After hearing several workers at a casino got sick where Beth attended, Orantes tells Feng to get tapes of the security footage. Feng mentions his rural village where he grew up is infected and his mother is sick. Meanwhile, Dr. Sussman defies orders and runs some further tests on the virus samples. DAY 12 Hextall briefs Cheever on Sussman's findings. He was able to make a stable cultured version of the virus. He was able to do it by growing it in a particular bat cell line they didn't have. Now that they know what they are up against, they can start developing and testing vaccines. Cheever is outraged that Sussman defied orders. Realizing he might publish his results, Cheever asks what he wants. Hextall says he just wants credit for his work. He could have given the work to drug companies and made a fortune but he gave it to the CDC instead. The news report on the virus, now called MEV-1 and crediting Sussman for discovering the findings. The news stresses that government states that it will take potentially months for a full vaccine to be ready. Allen is contacted by a news source. They want him to continue his investigations on MEV-1 and the government's alleged involvement with the problem. Allen agrees. Back in Minnesota, still in quarantine, Mitch asks Mears if he is immune since he has not shown any symptoms and he also asks why they cannot use his blood to make a vaccine. Mears tells him even though his intentions are noble, plasma vaccines are tricky and time consuming to make and are not guaranteed to work. Mears then travels to an inside stadium where they will place a triage center. Mears tells her liaison she will need three more locations like it. Mears calls Cheever. Cheever asks if she is fine. Mitch is at home with Jory when there is a knock at the door. It is a boy Jory likes, Andrew. Andrew has come to pay his respects with flowers for the deaths of Beth and Clark. Mitch says that while he is touched by the gesture, he cannot let him in because he could infect them. Jory is crushed, but Mitch tells her they have to be very careful. We see security footage of Beth in the Hong Kong casino, enjoying herself with several people. She is playing a casino game when she is asked by a man, the Japanese businessman who died on the bus, to blow on his chip for good luck. She does so. DAY 14 Dr. Mears wakes up in her hotel room coughing. She goes into the bathroom and takes her temperature, praying to God that she is not infected. But all her symptoms point to it. She calls the front desk and tells them to track down everyone who serviced her room. Mears calls Cheever and tells him she's infected. Cheever says he will do everything he can to get her home, but she should stay in her room for now. They hang up and Cheever is stunned that Mears is infected. He sent her there, so he feels responsible. Meanwhile, Mitch goes to a funeral home and learns that because his wife and son died due to the virus, the funeral home will not accept the bodies for burial. Mitch is shocked but the funeral director says there is nothing they can do. Mitch talks to his mother-in-law and discusses cremation but the mother in law wants her family to be buried together. His mother-in-law said Beth made mistakes by cheating but she did love Mitch. He has to forgive her. Jory texts Andrew, telling him how sad her dad is. We see more security footage of Beth in the Hong Kong casino. She calls John Neal saying she can get an earlier flight so they can meet up. She accidentally leaves her phone at the bar and a woman picks it up and hands it to her. It was the European model that was found dead in London. We see a table where she had sat and had drinks with several people. A waiter picks up the glasses. It is the young man that later died. That is how Beth infected them both. Orantes realizes that Beth is "Patient Zero" for the entire outbreak. Orantes asks about Feng's mother. Feng says she died. Orantes says she is sorry. They go to leave and Feng makes a call. On the way to their destination, Feng pulls her out of the car into a van at gunpoint. He tells her that his village is dying, and he and his friends are going to hold her for ransom for the vaccine doses when they are first produced. Orantes sees the remaining villagers. Most are children. Cheever attempts to get Mears out of Minnesota but hits roadblocks on every turn. The transport he was going to use is being used for a Congressman, as he learns from Haggerty. After that, all air travel is grounded. Haggerty tells Cheever there are plans in place to quarantine Chicago, but he is to tell no one until the government makes it public. The president is being moved underground, and congress is working online. There is nothing Cheever can do. Meanwhile, Allen is blogging live. He is apparently sick with the virus. He shows he is taking the homeopathic remedy Forsythia, and dips it into his water and drinks it. He tells his audience that if he is here tomorrow then it worked. Cheever speaks to his wife Aubrey ( Sanaa Lathan ) and tells her how bad he feels Mears is going to die and there is nothing he can do. Cheever then tells her to leave Chicago and not tell a soul where she is going. As he hangs up, he sees that Roger was standing there the whole time. Roger is disgusted with Cheever noting everyone has loved ones. Aubrey goes shopping for supplies when she is called by her friend whom she was supposed to meet for dinner. Aubrey reveals the real reason she can't come, urging her to not repeat it to anyone. DAY 18 Around the U.S. people are listening to Allen and are lining up for the drug to suppress MEV-1 that Allen has alleged works. However, demand becomes insatiable and people begin to riot and loot all over the country. Mitch goes for groceries with Jory in a looted store. A woman coughs nears him and he tells Jory they need to leave. They get to the car without food. They attempt to leave the state but the National Guard is shutting down the roads. Even though they are not infected, no one is getting through. They are forced to turn around and go back home. Allen has been running around town in a bio suit seeing the destruction and decline of human civilization in the aftermath of the outbreak. He gets home to see Lorraine there, begging for the medicine he says helps, because she is pregnant. Allen says he has none due to a break-in, but he will get her some as soon as possible. Meanwhile in Minnesota, Dr. Mears is being told she cannot be moved out. She is laying on a cot in a triage center and very close to death. Next to her, a man is complaining of being cold, but the triage center has run out of blankets. Mears attempts to comfort him and give him her coat but cannot reach far enough. It falls right next to her bed as she shudders. Some hours later, Mears is shown in a translucent plastic bag. She is dead. Her liaison, Dave is nearby, holding flowers, trying his best to pay his respects considering she will be part of a mass grave. Dave notes they ran out of body bags days ago and they attempted to get some from Canada but they were unwilling to help. Dr. Cheever goes on TV with Dr. Gupta talking about the virus and its implications. Cheever notes coordination is a problem because each state has its own health organization and protocols. Allen is also on via satellite and when it is his turn to speak he goes on the attack, blaming the CDC and WHO for being in bed with the drug companies. Allen surmises that up to 1 billion people could actually be infected and/or die before it is over. He also reveals that Aubrey's friend posted on Facebook about him warning her to leave Chicago. Cheever cannot respond. Cheever talks to Haggerty. Haggerty says he has now just become a scapegoat. Furthermore, they have no choice to investigate the claims he leaked sensitive information to his wife. Cheever nods, understanding. DAY 21 Eisenberg gets an email in the lab. A sample of a mutated strain of the MEV-1 virus has arrived from Africa; this strain is even more deadly. The death toll is rising into the hundreds of thousands all over the continent. Eisenberg and Hextall begin animal trials with monkeys to test vaccine variants. None work. They wind up bagging up a bunch of dead monkeys. We see the world practically abandoned at this place. Empty streets, airports, gyms etc. Everyone is staying in, afraid. The end of the world has begun. We see posters of Allen posted around the cities. One says prophet. The other says Profit (probably signifying he too is in it for the money). We see a shrine for Lorraine. She and her child died. Allen looks at it stoically. He apparently was unable to get her medicine in time (or possibly did nothing). DAY 26 Mitch goes for an MRE handout when they announce they have run out. Riots ensue, and Mitch saves a woman from getting her food stolen. Mitch goes home and looks outside. He hears gunshots in his neighbors house. Looters come out holding rifles. They apparently killed the family inside. Mitch tries to call 911, but gets the runaround with an automated message. He hangs up. DAY 29 Mitch goes around his neighbors to look for them. Finding none, he breaks into one of their homes and steals a shotgun for his and Jory's protection. When he gets home he sees Jory is gone and notices footprints in the snow moving away from the house. Jory is with Andrew making snow angels. Andrew tries to kiss her saying she is immune and he is healthy so there should be no problem. Just before he does, Mitch comes up and pulls him off her, telling him to go home. He tells Jory to get up and they go home. Back at the CDC lab, Hextall is talking to Cheever. She notes even with a complete vaccine it would take months for it to be viable for use, and many more would die in the meantime. Hextall notices the monkey treated with vaccine #57 has no symptoms. Vaccine #57 successfully protected the monkey from infection. Deciding to be proactive, she injects herself with the vaccine. She seems to be fine and goes to the hospital to visits her infected father. She refers to the Nobel prize winning research done by Barry Marshall where he intentionally infected himself with H. pylori to prove that stomach ulcers were caused by the bacterium. She tells him she has given herself the vaccine and spending time with him is the test to see whether it may protect humans. Her father cries, proud of his daughter and her work. We see another news report. The cure has been fast-tracked for approval and production. The first batch can be ready in about 90 days. The current death toll worldwide from the virus is estimated to be 26 million. DAY 131 Aubrey is at home when it is broken into by looters. They want the MEV-1 Vaccine and think Cheever has it. Aubrey says 'no', they had to wait like everyone else. Cheever rushes home just as the looters flee. Aubrey was not killed. Cheever is afraid they touched her (as they are just about to receive the vaccine) but Aubrey denies it. Allen goes to see his news contact. Allen is still adamant that the vaccine should not be used. He has 12 million people who listen to him every day. Allen sees a garbage man and gets paranoid. He runs off. He was right to do so. His contact sold him out to the police in a sting operation. He is being arrested for securities fraud and manslaughter (probably for Lorraine) among other things. DAY 133 Haggerty goes on television doing a vaccine lottery. Since they do not have enough yet they will hold lotteries using birthdays to see who gets it first. Cheever finds Hextall on a computer and tells her to take a break. Hextall says she cannot, not when he is being investigated, Mears died, and her father nearly died treating the sick. She clearly feels she doesn't deserve all the credit. She had plenty of help. Back in Minnesota, Mitch and Jory watch the lottery. Her birthday didn't come up so she is stuck in isolation for 144 days. She relates her woes to Andrew via text messaging. Back in Hong Kong, in Sun Feng's village, Dr. Orantes is slowly adjusting to her captivity. She is seen teaching an art class to a group of young children. Just then, Feng pulls her away and tells her that the authorities have caved into his demands and it's time to make the exchange. They meet the contact on a deserted freeway near Hong Kong. 100 vaccine shots for Orantes. Orantes is finally freed as she leaves with her contact and Feng and his men leave to go back to the village with the vaccines. At the airport, her contact reveals the vaccines they handed over were ordinary flu virus placebos and he gives her an injection of the real one. The Chinese told them to do it. This kind of action has apparently been happening all over the world with desperate people holding doctors and other VIPs for ransom in order to receive the vaccine, but governments don't cater to terrorists. Orantes is horrified that they would condemn a village of mostly children to death and runs off... perhaps to catch her flight home, or perhaps back to the village. Mitch goes to a nearly deserted shopping mall, being stopped at several checkpoints to make sure he is immune by scanning his vaccination bracelet. It is unclear whether he really received the vaccine or simply the bracelet after he was assumed to be immune. In a police interrogation room, the lead detective tells Allen they looked at his blood work. He was never sick with the virus; he has no antibodies to it. He lied about his condition. And now he has millions of people against the vaccination that could save them, instead using a drug that probably doesn't work at all. They are going to charge Allen with fraud put him in jail and his money he made ($4.5 million) will be locked away too. The detective says to Allen, "If I could lock up your computer too, I would!" Just then, another cop comes in. Allen apparently has posted bail with help from his millions of followers. A smug Allen leaves the police station, defiant and unapologetic to the end about his actions. Cheever is presented two doses by Haggerty. One for him, one for his wife. Cheever says his wife will want to do them together. Instead, he gives one to Roger's son. Cheever explains where shaking hands originated; "It came from showing you didn't have a weapon in your hand and you meant no harm". Roger thanks Cheever, then shakes his hand. Cheever puts on the vaccine bracelet to keep the charade going. He goes home and gives the other shot to his wife. DAY 135 Allen is seen back on the street resuming his video blog of video taping long lines at vaccination centers and then going back to his apartment to make more lies and groundless accusations about the U.S. government being responsible for the origins of the MEV-1 virus for personal profit to his millions of duped Internet followers. Things finally seem to be slowly getting back under control as worldwide looting and anarchy begins to wear off. The death toll from the outbreak is declining and people are slowly getting back to their regular lives. Hextall and Eisenberg are seen in the lab putting the MEV-1 virus into long-term liquid nitrogen storage next to some other nearly eradicated virus cultures, hopefully never to be seen again. Jory finds a box in her room from her father telling her to be ready at 8:00 pm. Inside there is a dress. Mitch is in the bedroom, looking for his camera, when he turns it on and sees pictures of Beth during that final business trip that cost her her life. He breaks down crying. Jory goes downstairs and sees her father has made up the living room for a makeshift prom night since she is unable to leave the house yet. The doorbell rings: it is Andrew, who got the vaccine and is now sporting his vaccination bracelet proudly - they can finally be near each other. He is going to be her date for the night. Mitch goes downstairs to take pictures of Jory and Andrew. Mitch watches them dance. In that moment, there is hope for the future. A final flashback occurs. We finally see what caused the global pandemic. A construction crew from Beth's company AIMM was cutting down trees in a forest in China. That caused some bats to fly out. One bat was infected with the virus. It grabbed a piece of banana and perched above a pig's pen. It dropped the banana piece which we are to assume had the virus on it. A pig eats it and is eventually slaughtered at market for food. A chef handles the dead pig, touching the inside of the infected pig's mouth with his bare hands. He goes out to dining room and poses in a picture with Beth holding hands, transferring the virus to her and starting the chain of events. An end title states it is Day 1.... 
 The Matrix (1999)541) When a beautiful stranger leads computer hacker Neo to a forbidding underworld, he discovers the shocking truth--the life he knows is the elaborate deception of an evil cyber-intelligence. Thomas A. Anderson is a man living two lives. By day he is an average computer programmer and by night a hacker known as Neo. Neo has always questioned his reality, but the truth is far beyond his imagination. Neo finds himself targeted by the police when he is contacted by Morpheus, a legendary computer hacker branded a terrorist by the government. As a rebel against the machines, Neo must confront the agents: super-powerful computer programs devoted to stopping Neo and the entire human rebellion. redcommander27 Have you ever had a dream that you were so sure was real? What if you couldn't awaken? How would you know the difference between dream and reality? When a beautiful stranger ( Carrie-Anne Moss ) leads computer hacker Neo ( Keanu Reeves ) to a forbidding underworld, he discovers the shocking truth--the life he knows is the elaborate deception of an evil cyber-intelligence. Neo joins legendary and dangerous rebel warrior Morpheus ( Laurence Fishburne in the battle to destroy the illusion enslaving humanity. During the year 1999, a man named Thomas Anderson (also known as Neo), lives an ordinary life. A software techie by day and a computer hacker by night, he sits alone at home by his monitor, waiting for a sign, a signal - from what or whom he doesn't know - until one night, a mysterious woman named Trinity seeks him out and introduces him to that faceless character he has been waiting for: Morpheus. A messiah of sorts, Morpheus presents Neo with the truth about his world by shedding light on the dark secrets that have troubled him for so long. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The screen fills with green, cascading code which gives way to the title, The Matrix (1999) . A phone rings and text appears on the screen: "Call trans opt: received. 2-19-98 13:24:18 REC: Log>" As a conversation takes place between Trinity ( Carrie-Anne Moss ) and Cypher ( Joe Pantoliano ), two free humans, a table of random green numbers are being scanned and individual numbers selected, creating a series of digits not unlike an ordinary phone number, as if a code is being deciphered or a call is being traced. Trinity discusses some unknown person. Cypher taunts Trinity, suggesting she enjoys watching him but they will have to kill him. Trinity counters that "Morpheus ( Laurence Fishburne ) says he may be 'the One'," just as the sound of a number being selected alerts Trinity that someone may be tracing their call. She ends the call. Armed policemen move down a darkened, decrepit hallway in the Heart O' the City Hotel, their flashlight beam bouncing just ahead of them. They come to room 303, kick down the door and find a woman dressed in black, facing away from them. It's Trinity. She brings her hands up from the laptop she's working on at their command. Outside the hotel a car drives up and three agents appear in neatly pressed black suits. They are Agent Smith ( Hugo Weaving ), Agent Brown ( Paul Goddard ), and Agent Jones ( Robert Taylor ). Agent Smith and the presiding police lieutenant argue. Agent Smith admonishes the policeman that they were given specific orders to contact the agents first, for their protection. The lieutenant dismisses this and says that they can handle "one little girl" and that he has two units that are bringing her down at that very moment. Agent Smith replies: "No, Lieutenant. Your men are already dead." Inside, Trinity easily defeats the six policemen sent to apprehend her, using fighting and evasion techniques that seem to defy gravity. She calls Morpheus, letting him know that the line has been traced, though she doesn't know how. Morpheus informs her that she will have to "make it to another exit," and that Agents are heading toward her. A fierce rooftop chase ensues with Trinity and an Agent leaping impossibly from one building to the next, astonishing the policemen left behind. Trinity makes a daring leap across an alley and through a small window. She has momentarily lost her pursuers and makes it to a public phone booth on the street level. The phone begins to ring. As she approaches it a garbage truck, driven by Agent Smith, careens towards the phone booth. Trinity makes a desperate dash to the phone, picking it up just moments before the truck smashes the booth into a brick wall. The three Agents reunite at the front of the truck. There is no body in the wreckage. "She got out," one says. The other says, "The informant is real." "We have the name of their next target," says the other, "His name is Neo." Thomas Anderson, aka "Neo" ( Keanu Reeves ), a hacker with thick black hair and a sallow appearance, is asleep at his monitor. Notices about a manhunt for a man named Morpheus scroll across his screen as he sleeps. Suddenly Neo's screen goes blank and a series of text messages appear: "Wake up, Neo." "The Matrix has you." "Follow the White Rabbit." Then, the text says "Knock, knock, Neo..." just as he reads it, a knock comes at the door of his apartment, 101. It's a group of ravers and Neo gives them a contraband disc he has secreted in a copy of "Simulacra and Simulation." The lead raver asks him to join them and Neo demurs until he sees the tattoo of a small white rabbit on the shoulder of a seductive girl in the group. At a rave bar Neo stands alone and aloof as the group he's with continue partying. Trinity approaches him and introduces herself. Neo recognizes her name; she was a famous hacker and had cracked the IRS database. She tells him that he is in great danger, that they are watching him and that she knows that he is searching for answers, particularly to the most important question of all: what is the Matrix? The pulsing music of the bar gives way to the repetitious blare of Neo's alarm clock; it's 9:18 and he's late for work. At his job at Metacortex, a leading software company housed in an ominous high rise, Neo is berated by his boss for having a problem with authority, for thinking he's special. Neo listens to his boss, but his attention is on the persons cleaning the window of the office. Back at his bleak cubicle Neo receives a delivery as "Thomas Anderson." Upon opening the package he finds a cellphone which immediately rings. On the other end is Morpheus, who informs Neo that they've both run out of time and that "they" are coming for him. Morpheus tells him to slowly look up, toward the elevator. Agents Smith, Jones, and Brown are there, obviously looking for him, as a woman points towards Neo's cube. Morpheus tries to guide Neo out of the building but when he is instructed to get on a scaffolding and take it to the roof Neo rejects Morpheus' advice, allowing himself to be taken by the Agents. In an interrogation room the Agents confront Neo. They've had their eye on him for some time. He lives a dual existence: one life as Thomas A. Anderson, a software engineer for a Metacortex, the other life as Neo, a computer hacker "guilty of virtually every computer crime we have a law for." Agent Smith asks him to help them capture Morpheus, considered a dangerous terrorist, in exchange for amnesty. Neo gives them the finger and asks for his phone call. Mr. Smith asks what good is a phone call if he's unable to speak. Neo finds that his lips have fused together. Panicked, he is thrown on the interrogation table by the Agents and they implant a shrimp-like probe, a bug, in his stomach, entering through his navel. Neo awakens with a start in his own bed, assuming it has all been a bad dream. His phone rings and Morpheus is on the other line. He tells Neo that the line is tapped but they've underestimated his importance. Morpheus tells Neo he is the One and to meet him at the Adams St. bridge. There he is picked up by Trinity and two others in a car; they all wear black latex and leather. A woman in the front seat, Switch ( Belinda McClory ), suddenly points a gun at him and tells him to take off his shirt. Trinity tells him it's for their mutual protection and that he has to trust her. He takes off his shirt and she uses a device to remove the probe that Neo believed had been part of a nightmare. Trinity drops the bug out into the road where it slowly goes dark in the rain. Trinity takes Neo to Morpheus. Morpheus explains that he's been searching for Neo his entire life and asks if Neo feels like "Alice in Wonderland, falling down the rabbit hole." He explains to Neo that they exist in the Matrix, a false reality that has been constructed for humans to hide the truth. The truth is that everyone in the world is a slave, born into bondage. Morpheus holds out two pills. In his left palm is a blue pill. If Neo takes it he will wake up in his bed and "believe whatever you want to believe." But if he takes the red pill in Morpheus's right hand, then "you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes." Neo takes the red pill. As the rest of Morpheus's crew straps him into a chair, Neo is told that pill he took is part of a trace program, to "disrupt his input/output carrier signal" so that they can pinpoint him. Neo looks at a shattered mirror placed next to him which miraculously repairs itself. Neo touches the surface and the silver begins to creep over his skin, engulfing him as Morpheus's crew attempt to locate something on the monitors around them. The silver fluid covers him entirely, moves down his throat and he blacks out. He awakens inside a pinkish/purple embryonic pod, extending from the side of a huge column, part of a massive power plant. He is hairless and naked, with thick black tubes snaking down his throat, plugged into the back of his skull, his spine, and invading most of the rest of his body. He finds his pod is open and that he is surrounded by tower after tower of pods just like his, all filled with bodies. Suddenly a menacing, hovering nurse robot grabs him by the throat. The cable inserted into the base of his skull suddenly detaches. The rest of the tubes pop off his limbs and Neo is flushed down a tube into an underground pool of filthy water. Just as he's about to drown in the muck a hovercraft appears above him, snags him and hauls him into its cargo bay. Neo finds himself surrounded by Morpheus's crew again, but they are dressed differently, in simple knit garments. Just before Neo passes out Morpheus says to him, "Welcome to the real world." Neo drifts in and out of consciousness. At one point he asks, "Am I dead?" "Far from it," replies Morpheus. Again he wakes, his body a pincushion of acupuncture. "Why do my eyes hurt?" he asks. "You've never used them," Morpheus replies. Neo finally wakes, fully clothed, with a short shock of hair on his head. He removes a connector that is sunk deep into his arm and reaches to find the large socket at the back of his neck when Morpheus enters the room. "What is this place?" Neo asks. "The more important question is when," says Morpheus, "You believe it is the year 1999, when in fact it is closer to the year 2199." Morpheus goes on to say that they really don't know when it is. He gives Neo a tour of his ship, the Nebuchadnezzar (they pass a plaque stating it was built in 2069), an old, beaten hovercraft. Neo is introduced to Morpheus's crew including Trinity; Apoc ( Julian Arahanga ), a man with long, flowing black hair; Switch; Cypher (bald with a goatee); two brawny brothers, Tank ( Marcus Chong ) and Dozer ( Anthony Ray Parker ); and a young, thin man named Mouse ( Matt Doran ). Morpheus gets to the point. "You wanted to know about the Matrix," he says, ushering him to a chair. Neo sits down in it and Trinity straps him in. A long probe is inserted into the socket at the back of Neo's skull. Neo wakes in a world of all white. He is in the Construct, a "loading platform" that Morpheus and his team use to prepare newly freed humans to deal with the Matrix world. Gone are the sockets in Neo's arms and neck and his hair is grown in. Morpheus tells him that what he is experiencing of himself is the "residual self image, the mental projection of your digital self" and bids him to sit while he explains the truth. "This," he says, showing an image of a modern city, "is the world that you know." A thing that really exists "only as part of a neural, interactive simulation that we call the Matrix." Morpheus then shows Neo the world as it truly exists today, a scarred, desolate emptiness with charred, abandoned buildings, black earth, and a shrouded sky. Morpheus goes on to say that "at some point in the early 21st century all of mankind was united in celebration as we gave birth" to artificial intelligence, a "singular consciousness that birthed an entire race of machines." Someone started a war, and no one knows who, but it was known that it was mankind who blotted out the sky, attempting to deprive the machines of the solar power they required to function. Instead the machines turned to humans as a power source, enslaving them like Neo had been before he was freed. Morpheus goes on to explain that a human's body provides "more electricity than a 120 volt battery and over 25k BTUs in body heat." Morpheus shows Neo fields where machines grow human beings, connecting them to their outlets, ensconcing them in their pods, and feeding them with the liquefied remains of other human beings. "The Matrix," says Morpheus, "is a computer-generated dreamworld created to keep us under control, to turn us..." into a mere power source, into coppertop batteries. Neo rejects this information so feverishly that he demands release from the Construct. He is back in the chair on the hovercraft. The crew pull out the spike at the back of his head and he fights to free himself from this harsh reality, only to end up vomiting on the floor and passing out. When Neo wakes up in his bunk, Morpheus is beside him. "I can't go back, can I?" Neo asks. "No," says Morpheus. He apologizes to Neo for breaking a cardinal rule: after a certain age people aren't brought out of their simulacrum, but Morpheus explains he had to bring Neo out. When the Matrix was created there was a man born inside it who could create his own reality inside it. It was this man who set Morpheus and the others free. When he died, the Oracle ( Gloria Foster ) prophesied that he would return in another form. And that the return of the One would mean the destruction of the Matrix. As long as the Matrix exists, humanity will continue to live in complacency inside it and the world can never be free. "I did what I did because I believe that search is over," says Morpheus. The next day Neo starts his training. Tank is his operator. Tank and his brother Dozer are "100% pure old-fashioned, homegrown human. Born in the real world; a genuine child of Zion." Zion, Tank explains, is the last human city, buried deep in the earth, near the core, for warmth. Tank straps Neo back into the jack-in chair, by-passes some preliminary programs and loads him up with combat training, starting with Jiu Jitsu. When Tank hits "load" Neo is shocked by the force of the knowledge pouring into him. "I think he likes it," says Tank, "want some more?" "Hell yes," replies Neo. Neo is fed a series of martial arts techniques including Kempo, Tae Kwon Do, Drunken Boxing and Kung Fu. Morpheus and Tank are amazed at Neo's ability to ingest information, but Morpheus wants to test Neo. Morpheus and Neo stand in a sparring program. The program has rules, like gravity. But as in many computer programs, some rules can be bent while others can be broken. Morpheus bids Neo to hit him, if he can. They fight with Neo impressively attacking but Morpheus easily parrying and subduing him. The rest of the crew gathers around the monitors to watch the fight. Morpheus ends up kicking Neo into a beam, explaining to him that the reason he has beaten him has nothing to do with muscles or reality. They spar again. "What are you waiting for?" Morpheus asks him. "You're faster than this!" Neo finally brings a punch near his teacher's face. Neo stops, telling Morpheus "I know what you're trying to do." Morpheus tells him he's only trying to "show him the door" and that Neo must step through it. A "jump" program is loaded. Both men now stand on one of several tall buildings in a normal city skyline. Morpheus tells Neo he must free his mind and leaps easily but impossibly from one building to the next. Neo nervously tries to follow him and doesn't make the jump, falling to the pavement below. Neo wakes back in the Nebudchanezzar with blood in his mouth. "I thought it wasn't real," he says. "Your mind makes it real," replies Morpheus. "So, if you die in the Matrix, you die here?" "The body cannot live without the mind," says Morpheus, underlining the very real danger faced in the simulation. Later, while Neo is sleeping deeply, Trinity brings him dinner. Outside his room, Cypher remarks that Trinity never brought him dinner. He asks Trinity why, if Morpheus thinks Neo is the One, he hasn't taken him to see the Oracle yet. Trinity says he'll take him when he's ready. Morpheus and Neo are walking down a standard city street in what appears to be the Matrix. Morpheus explains that the Matrix is a system and that the system is their enemy. All the people that inhabit it, the people they are trying to free, are part of that system. Some are so inert, so dependent upon the Matrix that they can never be free. Neo notices a stunning girl in a red dress. "Are you listening to me?" asks Morpheus. He asks Neo to look at the girl again. Neo turns to face Agent Smith, pointing a gun straight at his head. Morpheus stops the simulation, which has just been created to look like the Matrix. Neo asks what the Agents are. "Sentient programs," says Morpheus, that "can move in and out of any software hard-wired into their system, meaning that they can take over anyone in the Matrix program. "Inside the Matrix," Morpheus says, "They are everyone and they are no one." Thus Morpheus and his crew survive the Agents by running from them and hiding from the Agents even though they "are guarding all the doors. They are holding all the keys and sooner or later, someone is going to have to fight them." But no one who has ever stood up to an Agent has survived; all have died. Still, Morpheus is certain that because the Agents live in a world of rules that they can never be as strong, never be as fast as he can be. "What are you trying to tell me," asks Neo, "That I can dodge bullets?" "When you're ready," Morpheus says, "You won't have to." Just then Morpheus gets a phone call. "We've got trouble," Cypher says on the other line. The Nebuchadnezzar is on alert. They see the holographic image of a squiddy, a search and destroy sentinel, which is on their trail. They set the ship down in a huge sewer system and turn off the power. Tank stands at the ready switch of an EMP, electro-magnetic pulse, the only weapon man has against the machines in the real world. Two squiddies search for the ship -- the crew can see them -- but they move on. Neo startles Cypher, who is working at a computer console streaming with green code. Cypher offers Neo a drink and says that he knows what Neo is thinking, "Why, oh why didn't I take the blue pill?" Neo laughs but is unsettled. Cypher asks Neo if Morpheus has told him why he's here. Neo nods. "What a mind job," says Cypher, "so you're here to save the world." Cypher is now in a fancy restaurant with Agent Smith in the Matrix. Agent Smith asks if they have a deal. Cypher cuts up a juicy steak and ruminates that he knows the steak is merely the simulation telling his brain that it is delicious and juicy, but after nine years he has discovered that "ignorance is bliss." He strikes a deal for the machines to reinsert his body into a power plant, reinsert him into the Matrix, and he'll help the Agents. He wants to be rich and powerful, "an actor" maybe. Smith says he wants access codes to the mainframe in Zion. Cypher says he can't do that, but that he can get him the man who does, meaning Morpheus. Meanwhile, inside the Nebuchadnezzar's small dining room in the real world, the rest of the crew is trying to choke down the oatmeal-gruel that they have as sustenance. Mouse muses on the mistakes the machines may have made trying to get sensations right, like the taste of chicken. Since they didn't know what it tasted like they let everything taste like it. Morpheus interrupts the meal, announcing that he's taking Neo to see the Oracle. Morpheus, Trinity, Neo, Apoc, Switch, Mouse and Cypher are jacked into the Matrix. As they walk out of a warehouse Cypher secretly throws his cell phone into the garbage. On the car ride to the Oracle, Neo asks Trinity if she has seen the Oracle. Trinity says that she has but when she's asked just what she was told by the Oracle, she refuses to answer. The Oracle, Morpheus explains, has been with them since the beginning of the Resistance. She is the one who made the Prophecy of the One and that Morpheus would be the one to find him. She can help Neo find the path, he says. He enters the apartment of the Oracle. Inside are the other potentials: a mother figure and numerous children. One child levitates blocks, one reads Asian literature, another is playing chess. One bald child is bending spoons. He gives one spoon to Neo and says, "Do not try and bend the spoon, that's impossible. Instead, only try to realize the truth...that there is no spoon." Neo bends the spoon as he's called in to see the Oracle. The Oracle is baking cookies. She sizes Neo up and asks him whether he thinks he is the One. Neo admits that he does not know and the Oracle does not enlighten him. Neo smiles and the Oracle asks him what is funny. Neo admits that Morpheus had almost convinced him that he was the One. She accepts this and prophesies that Morpheus believes in Neo so much that he plans to sacrifice himself. She tells Neo that either he or Morpheus will die, and that Neo will have the power to choose which one it will be. She then offers him a cookie and promises him that he will feel fine as soon as he's done eating it. As the crew returns to their jack point, many floors up in an old hotel, Tank, in the control room, notices something odd. Meanwhile Neo, walking up the stairs, sees what appears to be the same cat cross a room twice. "Deja vu," he says, which gets the attention of Trinity and Morpheus. Deja vu, they explain to him, is a glitch in the Matrix; it happens when they reset the computer parameters. Outside, the phone line is cut. Mouse runs to a window which has now been bricked in. They are trapped. Mouse picks up two machine guns but he's no match for the police coming into the room. He's riddled with bullets. Back on the Nebuchadnezzar, the real Mouse spurts blood from his mouth and dies in the chair. More police and Agents stream into the bottom of the hotel. Morpheus has Tank find a layout of the building they're in, locating the main wet wall. The Agents arrive on the floor they're on, finding a coat that Cypher has left behind. They only find a hole in the bathroom wall. Meanwhile the crew is climbing down the plumbing of the wet wall. As the police approach Cypher sneezes, once more giving them away. The police open fire. The crew, including Neo, begin to fire back. An Agent takes over the body of one of the policemen, reaches into the wall, and grabs Neo by the neck. Morpheus, who is above Neo in the walls, breaks through the wall and lands on the agent, yelling to Trinity to get Neo out of the building. A fierce battle between Agent Smith and Morpheus ends with Morpheus face down on the tile. Agent Smith sends the police unit in to beat him with their batons. Cypher returns to the Nebuchadnezzar before Trinity, Neo, Switch and Apoc. As Tank attempts to bring the others back, Cypher attacks him from behind with an electronic weapon. Dozer attempts to tackle Cypher, but Cypher electrocutes him as well. Trinity attempts to call Tank but Cypher pulls the headset off of the smoking remains of Tank and answers. As Cypher talks to Trinity inside the Matrix he leans over the still form of Trinity in the hovercraft. Cypher recounts the things he hates about the real world, the war, the cold, the goop they have to eat, but most especially Morpheus and his beliefs. "He lied to us, Trinity." Cypher pulls the plug out of the back of Apoc's head, and Apoc falls down dead in the Matrix. Cypher then moves to Switch and as she protests "Not like this..." in the Matrix, Cypher kills her on the ship. She falls down dead before Trinity and Neo. Cypher moves on to Neo's supine form, saying that if Neo is the One, a miracle will prevent Cypher from killing him: "How can he be the One, if he's dead?" he asks. He continues badgering Trinity, asking her if she believes that Neo is the One. She says, "Yes." Cypher screams back "No!" but his reaction is incredulity at seeing Tank still alive, brandishing the weapon that Cypher had used on him. Tank fries Cypher with the electrical device. Tank brings Trinity back and she finds out that Dozer is dead. Meanwhile Agent Smith, a tray of torture instruments near him, marvels at the beauty of the Matrix as he gazes out at the city all around them. He informs Morpheus, who is tied to a chair, that the first Matrix was designed as a utopia, engineered to make everyone happy. "It was a disaster," says Agent Smith, people wouldn't accept the program and "entire crops were lost." "Some believed," continues Smith, "that we lacked the programming language to describe your perfect world. But I believe that, as a species, human beings define their reality through misery and suffering. The perfect world was a dream that your primitive cerebrum kept trying to wake up from. Which is why the Matrix was redesigned." Agent Smith compares humans to dinosaurs and that evolution is taking hold. Another Agent enters and relays that there may be a problem (as they now know that Cypher has failed). Back on the hovercraft the shuddering form of Morpheus betrays the torture he's being put through by the Agents in the Matrix. Tank realizes that they're trying to get the codes to the mainframes of Zion's computers; each ship's captain knows them. Because a breach of Zion's defenses would mean that the last remaining vestiges of mankind would be wiped out, Tank says their only choice is to unplug Morpheus, effectively killing him. Back in the Matrix, the Agents process their next move. If Cypher is dead, they deduce that the remaining humans on the ship will terminate Morpheus. They decide to stick to their original plan and to deploy the Sentinels. Tank is performing what amounts to last rites for Morpheus, laying one hand on his head as his other moves to the back of his skull to remove the jack. Just as he's about to pull it out Neo stops him. He realizes that the Oracle was right. He now has to make the choice to save himself or to save Morpheus; his choice is to head back into the Matrix. Trinity rejects the idea. Morpheus gave himself up so that Neo could be saved since he is the One. "I'm not the One, Trinity," Neo says, relaying his understanding of the discussion with the Oracle: she did not enlighten him as to whether he was the promised messiah. And, since Morpheus was willing to sacrifice himself, Neo knows that he must do that same. Tank calls it suicide; it's a military building with Agents inside. Neo says he only knows that he can bring Morpheus out. Trinity decides to come with him, reasoning with Neo that he will need her help and she's the ranking officer on the ship. "Tank," she says, "load us up!" Meanwhile Agent Smith continues to share his musings with a brutalized Morpheus. Because humans spread to an area, consume the natural resources and, to survive, must spread to another area, Smith says we are not mammals but viruses, the only other creature that acts that way. In the Construct, Neo and Trinity get armaments. "Neo," protests Trinity, "No one has ever done anything like this." "That's why it's going to work," he replies. Morpheus has yet to break and Smith asks the other Agents why the serum isn't working. "Maybe we're asking the wrong questions," responds one. To that Smith commands the other Agents to leave him alone with Morpheus. Smith removes his earphone and his glasses and confides that he hates the Matrix, "this zoo, this prison." Smith admits that he must get out of this "reality." He hates the stench. He's sure that some element of the humans will rub off on him and that Morpheus holds the key to his release. If there is no Zion there's no need for Smith to be in the Matrix. "You are going to tell me, or you are going to die." Downstairs, in the lobby, Trinity and Neo enter, heavily armed. They shoot their way past the guards and a group of soldiers and make their way into the elevator. Agents Brown and Jones enter the interrogation room to find Smith with his hands still fixed on Morpheus's head. Smith looks embarrassed and befuddled and the others tell him about the attack occurring downstairs. They realize that the humans are trying to save Morpheus. In the elevator, Trinity arms a bomb. They both climb through a hatch to the elevator roof, attaching a clamp to the elevator cable. Neo says "There is no spoon" before he severs the cable with a few shots. The counterweight drops, propelling Neo and Trinity upward. The elevator falls to the lobby exploding upon impact and filling the floor with flames. The Agents feel the rumble of the explosion and the sprinkers come on in the building. "Find them and destroy them!" Smith commands. On the roof, a helicopter pilot is calling "Mayday" as Trinity and Neo take out the soldiers there. Agent Brown takes over the pilot and appears behind Neo. Neo shoots several rounds at the Agent, who dodges them and pulls his own weapon. "Trinity," yells Neo, "Help!" But it's too late. The Agent begins to shoot. Instead of being shot, Neo dodges most of the bullets, though two of them nick him. As the Agent approaches Neo, who is lying on the ground, he levels a kill shot but Trinity shoots him before he can fire. Trinity marvels at how fast Neo has just moved; she's never seen anyone move that quickly. Tank downloads the ability to fly the helicopter to Trinity, who can now pilot the aircraft. Trinity brings the helicopter down to the floor that Morpheus is on and Neo opens fire on the three Agents. The Agents quickly fall and Morpheus is alone in the room. Just as quickly the Agents take over other soldiers stationed nearby. Morpheus breaks his bonds and begins to run to the helicopter. The Agents fire on him, hitting his leg. Morpheus leaps but Neo realizes that he is not going to make the leap and throws himself out of the helicopter, a safety harness attached. He catches Morpheus, but Agent Smith shoots the helicopter's hydraulic line. Unable to control the helicopter, Trinity miraculously gets it close enough to drop Morpheus and Neo on a rooftop. Neo grabs the safety line as the helicopter falls towards a building. Trinity severs the safety line connecting Neo to the helicopter and jumps on it herself as the vehicle smashes into the side of a building, causing a bizarre ripple in the fabric of the building's reality as it does. On the ship Tank says, "I knew it; he's the One." Neo hauls Trinity up to them. "Do you believe it now, Trinity?" asks Morpheus as he approaches the two. Neo tries to tell him that the Oracle told him the opposite but Morpheus says, "She told you exactly what you needed to hear." They call Tank, who tells them of an exit in a subway near them. The Agents arrive on the rooftop but find only the safety harness and line. Though Agent Smith is angered, the other two are satisfied. A trace has been completed in the real world and the Sentinels have been dispatched to attack the Nebuchadnezzar. In the subway, they quickly find the phone booth and Morpheus exits out of the Matrix. A wino watches this occur. On the rooftop Agent Smith locks in to their whereabouts through the wino and appropriates his body. Meanwhile, as the phone rings, providing Trinity's exit, she confides to Neo that everything that the Oracle has told her has come true, except for one thing. She doesn't say what that thing is and picks up the phone just as she sees the approaching Agent Smith. Smith shatters the ear piece of the phone; it's impossible for Neo to exit there now. Instead of running, which Trinity implores him to do as she looks on from the ship, Neo turns to face Smith. They empty their guns on each other, neither hitting the other. They then move into close combat, trading blows. Neo sweeps Agent Smith's head, breaking his glasses. "I'm going to enjoy watching you die, Mr. Anderson," says Smith. They trade some thunderous blows with Smith hitting Neo so hard he spits up blood in the Matrix and in the chair aboard the ship. "He's killing him," says Trinity. Neo gets back up, sets himself and beckons Smith to start again. This time it's Neo who delivers devastating blow after blow. But Smith counters, throwing Neo into a wall then pummeling him with body blows. A wind from the tunnel signals that a subway train is approaching and Smith has a wicked notion. He throws Neo into the subway tracks then drops down there himself. He puts Neo in a headlock and, in the glow of the oncoming subway says, "You hear that, Mr. Anderson? That is the sound of inevitability. It is the sound of your death. Good-bye, Mr. Anderson." "My name," he replies, "is Neo." Then, with a mighty leap, Neo propels them to the ceiling of the tunnel. They fall back down and Neo backflips off the tracks, leaving Agent Smith to the oncoming train. Neo heads for the stairs, but Smith has already appropriated another body and emerges from the doors of the train. Meanwhile the Sentinels have arrived to attack the Nebuchadnezzar; there are five of them and they are closing fast. Morpheus tells Tank to charge the EMP. Trinity reminds Morpheus that they can't use the EMP while Neo is in the Matrix. "I know, Trinity, don't worry," says Morpheus, "He's going to make it." Back in the streets of the Matrix, Neo swipes a cell phone from a nearby suit. He calls Tank: "Mr. Wizard, get me the hell out of here." He races through a crowded market while Agents appropriate bodies right and left. They force Neo down a dark alley. He kicks in a door and rushes through an apartment complex where the Agents appropriate more bodies, including that of a sweet little old lady who throws a knife at Neo as Agent Smith. Neo leaps down into a pile of garbage with the Agents in hot pursuit. On the Nebuchadnezzar the Sentinels have arrived. They begin to tear the ship apart. In the Matrix, Neo arrives back at the Heart O' the City Hotel. Tank tells him to go to room 303. The Agents are literally at his heels. The Sentinels breach the hull of the ship. They are inside. Trinity, standing next to Neo's body in the chair, begs him to hurry. Neo reaches room 303 and enters. He's immediately shot, point blank in the gut, by Agent Smith. Smith empties his magazine into Neo's body. Neo slumps to the floor, dead. On the ship Neo's vital signs drop to nothing. "It can't be," says Morpheus. Agent Smith instructs the others to check Neo. "He's gone," one replies. "Good-bye, Mr. Anderson," says Smith. The Sentinels' lasers are beginning to cut through the major parts of the hovercraft. Trinity leans over his dead body. "Neo," she says, "I'm not afraid anymore. The Oracle told me that I would fall in love and that that man... the man that I loved would be the One. So you see, you can't be dead. You can't be... because I love you. You hear me? I love you." She kisses him. In the chair Neo suddenly breathes. In the Matrix, Neo opens his eyes. "Now get up," orders Trinity. The Agents hear Neo rise behind them and they open fire. "No," Neo says calmly, raising his hands. He stops their bullets in mid-air. They drop harmlessly to the floor. "What's happening?" asks Tank. "He is the One," says Morpheus. Back in the Matrix, Neo can see things for what they really are, green cascading code. Agent Smith is furious. He runs to Neo and attacks him. Neo blocks Smith's blows effortlessly before he sends Smith flying with one well-placed kick. Neo then leaps into Smith's body and appropriates him. Smith's shell explodes in a sea of code and Neo is all that is left, the walls buckling in waves as they did when the helicopter crashed. Agents Brown and Jones look at one another and run away. The Sentinels are now fully in the ship. They are right above Trinity and Morpheus. Back in the Matrix Neo sprints to the ringing phone in the room. Morpheus has no choice but to engage the EMP. He does and the Sentinels fall inert to the floor. Neo has made it back. He kisses Trinity. The screen is black. A command prompt appears: "Call trans opt: received. 9-18-99 14:32:21 REC: Log>" then "Carrier anomaly" "Trace program: running" As the grid of numbers appears again a warning appears "System Failure." Over it all is Neo's voice: "I know you're out there. I can feel you now. I know that you're afraid... you're afraid of us. You're afraid of change. I don't know the future. I didn't come here to tell you how this is going to end. I came here to tell you how it's going to begin. I'm going to hang up this phone, and then I'm going to show these people what you don't want them to see. I'm going to show them a world without you. A world without rules and controls, without borders or boundaries. A world where anything is possible. Where we go from there is a choice I leave to you." In the Matrix world, Neo hangs up the phone. He looks at the mindless masses around him, puts on his glasses and then looks up. From high above the city we see him take flight. The story is picked up in The Matrix Reloaded (2003) , the second of three Matrix movies. 
 Mystic River (2003)541) The lives of three men who were childhood friends are shattered when one of them has a family tragedy. In the summer of 1975 in a neighborhood in Boston, three kids, Dave Boyle and two of his friends, Jimmy Markum and Sean Devine, are playing on the sidewalk when Dave gets abducted by two men and endures several days of sexual abuse. Eventually, Dave escapes traumatized throughout adulthood. Jimmy is an ex-con and a father of three, whose daughter Katie, is found dead, and Dave becomes the number one suspect. Sean is a homicide detective, investigating Katie's murder, ends up finding himself faced with past and present demons as more is uncovered about Katie's murder. Learning Katie had a boyfriend, ballistics later turn up a gun belonging to the father, which then puts her boyfriend as the suspect. Will Sean find out who killed Katie? Will Jimmy make it through the investigation? And will Dave ever find out what really happened when he was abducted? michigans_finest In the aftermath of a deeply traumatic incident in a close-knit mid-1970s Boston neighbourhood, three childhood friends--the reformed criminal, Jimmy; the forever scarred blue-collar worker, Dave, and the methodical Massachusetts State Police Detective, Sean--are still trying to find their feet, nearly three decades later. Then--as if having to cope with the dark past wasn't enough--Jimmy's innocent nineteen-year-old daughter, Katie, ends up brutally murdered, and, somehow, troubled Dave's name comes first in the list of suspects. Once more, even though he tried so hard to renounce his former self, Jimmy picks up where he left off, bent on unearthing the unknown sadistic killer. However, can more blood appease the pain of a parent? Nick Riganas Summer, 1975. In a tight blue-collar Boston neighborhood, three kids are playing when one is abducted and sexually abused for several days. Jump ahead: the victim, Dave, is haunted by memories and protective of his own son. Jimmy is an ex-con and father of three. Sean is a homicide detective, estranged from his pregnant wife. When Jimmy's teen daughter Katie dies, Sean investigates, Dave's a suspect, and Jimmy vows to find the killer before the cops. The dead girl has a boyfriend whose long-missing father has a history with Jimmy. The boyfriend's a suspect, and when ballistics turns up a link to a gun owned by the young man's father, the case breaks. In the background, wives move events along. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Three young boys, all the best of friends, are playing stick hockey on a side street in a gritty area of Boston near the port facilities on the Mystic River. As is so often the case with street games like this, the gutter drain finally sucks up the last of their hockey balls and they are suddenly left with nothing to do. Wandering around without much purpose, they spy a drying section of concrete and they all decide to write their names in the still wet cement so that their names will be preserved "forever." Jimmy Markum and Sean Devine finish their names first. Dave Boyle is just starting to write his name down when a car door opens across the street and a large man steps out with handcuffs and what looks like a badge strapped to his belt. This gives him a presumed air of authority, and he starts badgering the kids about their "destruction of municipal property." Silent and even a little surly at first, the three kids are soon cowering in fear. The man decides to make an example of one of the boys, so he grabs David Boyle and tells him that he is going to bring him downtown to the police station and then call his mother. Boyle is thrown in the back of the car and their last view of each other is of him gazing poignantly out of the rear window of that sedan. Meanwhile, the other man in the front seat of the car, a quiet man with a large cross prominently displayed on one of his rings suggesting that he might be a member of the clergy, turns around and looks at David Boyle with predatory delight and eager anticipation. The parents of the kids, many of whom have had prior brushes with the law, realize that this is not orthodox police procedure and a search party for David is quickly organized. Nothing happens for four long days until Boyle, who had been kept locked in the basement of a deserted house, finally escapes his captors and flees for home. All three boys are now grown men as it is now some 25 years later. They have not been close since the sad events of that horrible day. Jimmy Markum (Sean Penn) runs a small mini mart on the corner that may or may not be a front for some illegal smuggling activity, untaxed cigarettes, perhaps. Someone had ratted on him sixteen years before and he ended up spending two years in prison. The ratting was not the only thing that made him an angry man though, as his first wife died while he was in prison and he was not able to be there to comfort her. Now he skirts the edges of the law with numerous black tattoos covering his body to remind everyone of his past as a prison inmate. He is once again married, this time to Annabeth (Laura Linney), a devoted wife who has born him two more daughters after the one that was left after her mother died. The older daughter is now nineteen while the younger girls are eleven and eight in age. The nineteen year old, Katie (Emmy Rossum), remains his favorite, perhaps because she is older, but also maybe because she is all that he has left of his first wife. Annabeth has to remind him not to dote so much on Katie as the younger girls need their father's love and attention as well. This especially goes for the eleven year old, who will be experiencing her first communion at church tomorrow. Katie enters the mart to tell her dad that she is going out with her friends for the evening and won't be home until late. She runs back out to her car, and Brendan surprises her by rising up from the floor of the back seat where he was hiding. They kiss amorously and promise to meet each other later. A classmate of his older daughter, Brendan Harris, (Tom Guiry), comes into the mini mart on Sunday morning with his younger brother, a deaf mute. They converse animatedly by signing. Brendan is surprised not to find Katie working there, and he asks for her, but Jimmy curtly dismisses him in spite of his friendly nature. A mini mart employee asks Jimmy what he has against Brendan, who seems like a nice kid. Jimmy refuses to talk about it, but it is obvious that there is a history of bad blood there for some unknown reason. David Boyle also lives in the old neighborhood not far from the Markum house. He has married a lovely woman, Celeste (Marcia Gay Harden), Annabeth's cousin, who is as devoted to her husband as Annabeth is to Jimmy, but is scared by his frequent bouts of moodiness and depression. She has the nervous look of someone who lives next to a keg of dynamite, never quite knowing when it might blow up. They have one young son and one of Dave's small pleasures is being able to play stickball with his kid in the back yard of their modest home. Celeste is related to Jimmy by way of two street toughs, Val and Nick Savage (Kevin Chapman and Adam Nelson), so they are all considered family as they are all related by blood. It is not made clear what David Boyle does for a living, and the same goes for the two Savage brothers, both of whom consider Jimmy to be their godfather of sorts and thus are always available to do his bidding. Saturday night comes and goes and Jimmy wakes up at home on a sunny Sunday morning, the morning of his middle daughter's first communion. He goes to Katie's room to make sure that she has left for her work shift at his store, and is disturbed to see that her bed does not look like it has been slept in. Upon inquiry, the mart assistant tells Jimmy that he wishes Katie had been there as he is swamped by all the after church Sunday business. Jimmy's concern turns to fear and worry when Katie's car is discovered unoccupied at Pen Park, a nearby park and playground for the area's inhabitants. Blood is discovered on the front seat but Katie is nowhere to be found. Police are quickly called and they cordon off the area. The local television stations are not far behind and suddenly the news is filled with stories about this poor missing young girl. Sean Devine (Kevin Bacon), the third member of the trio, has done the most to get away from their shared sordid past and the psychological chains of being associated with Boyle's kidnaping and rape. He does not live in the area, but is now a homicide detective who works the Mystic River beat with his partner, Whitey Powers (Laurence Fishburne). Sean has a wife who has either left him or been pushed away by him and is now so damaged that all she can do is call him on his cell phone without ever being able to say anything. Sean goes through the routine as he knows exactly who is always calling him. He loves her and still holds out faint hope that they might somehow be able to reconcile in spite of all evidence to the contrary. A police search eventually turns up Katie's body lying half buried in the underbrush of an old well basin in the park. In a blind rage, Jimmy has to be held back by half a dozen policemen. He later demands to see the body of his daughter in the morgue when he brings over a dress for her body for the funeral. He stares in silence at her as her face and her hair are once again beautifully made up. He wants to hug her and smother her in kisses, but he realizes that this is no longer possible. Her body is there, but his Katie isn't. Dave Boyle has problems of his own. He is at a local bar with a friend when Katie and two of her friends, obviously drunk and in high spirits, come into the bar late on that Saturday night and surprise the patrons by dancing together on top of the bar. Much later that night he comes home to a very worried Celeste with a bashed hand and sporting a shirt and jacket both soaked in blood. He tells her that he was mugged on the way to his car and is afraid that he might have killed the man in self-defense. Dave later changes his story as to how his hand got mangled when he is interviewed by Whitey and Sean. Meanwhile, Celeste remains glued to the television set waiting to hear something about that guy who was supposedly killed by her husband, but it is only the circumstances surrounding Katie's death that fills the local newscasts. She loves Dave and wants to believe his story, but without any corroborating evidence she has trouble avoiding the obvious conclusion that there is a link between his suspicious activity and Katie's murder as they both occurred at the same time on the same night. Whitey Powers isn't for a moment fooled by Dave's alibi for his mangled hand. He is also convinced that his injury is a possible link to Katie's murder, especially since Boyle was one of the last people to see her alive. His hope is that this link will be discovered upon further investigation. Sean Devine, his partner in homicide investigations but his superior as an officer and a college graduate, feels instead that Boyle may be innocent. He knows him too well to believe Boyle to be capable of doing this. Later a link is discovered on a computer check between that bullet in the car seat and a robbery committed many years before at a liquor store. The markings match, but the gun, originally owned by Brendan Harris's dad, is nowhere to be found. Furthermore, this link is highly tenuous as Harris's dad had deserted his family more than a decade before and has not been seen since. Whitey voices his suspicions, quickly disclaimed by Sean, that his involvement with all the principles in the case just might be clouding his judgment. Then the two homicide detectives find out that Jimmy Markum has sent the Savage brothers out to investigate all the potential suspects in the case, and now the race is on for Sean and Whitey to find the perpetrator before Jimmy finds him and metes out his own brand of street justice. The two obvious leads, Dave Boyle and Brendan Harris, are investigated in a methodical police detective manner. Even the Savage brothers are forced to admit to Jimmy Markum that Sean and Whitey are doing their jobs well in covering all the bases. They check out the Harris home and interview Brendan about his relationship with Katie. It is obvious to both detectives that Brendan truly loved Katie and is innocent of her murder. In point of fact, several of the items found in Katie's purse had to do with Las Vegas tourist destinations. It comes out that Brendan and Katie were going to fly to Las Vegas and elope the next day. This explains the funny feeling that Jimmy had when Katie said goodnight to him the day before. His life in prison had given him an extra sensory perception about the way people look when they talk, and it struck him that she was saying more than "Good Night," more like "Goodbye" perhaps. All during the interview in the Harris's home Brendan's mother (Jenny O'Hara) is hovering in the background filling the room with a dark cloud of repressed rage and bitterness. Her husband deserted her 14 years before, and she doesn't want to see anyone else succeed at love. Besides, she hates the police as her husband had also been a crook. A curious fact eventually comes out that Brendan believes his father to be still alive as his mother receives a check for $500 every month mailed from a post office in Brooklyn. Sean and Whitey go back to their police station and do some background work on Brendan's father in an effort to trace the missing gun. His father was caught smuggling goods across a state line in a stolen auto and thus was picked up by the FBI. Surprisingly enough, however, he was never convicted of anything. They go over to the New York FBI office to find out the background information on this case and all of a sudden the threads start to weave a cloth of closure. Brendan's dad never served any time because he ratted to the FBI on other illegal activities taking place at the same time, in fact, the illegal activities of Jimmy Markum. So Jimmy Markum took the fall and went to prison for two years, a stretch that left him in prison during the death of his first wife. Even though Harris's dad gave testimony in confidence to the FBI, he disappeared right after Markum was released from prison. Of course, there was never a provable connection; Harris just disappeared off the face of the earth. The only thing left to give some small evidence as to his still being alive is the monthly arrival of those checks for $500 to Mrs. Harris. But then there is that intense hatred for Harris's son so inexplicably felt by all emanating from Jimmy Markum. Their next stop is at the liquor store still owned by the same man (Eli Wallach, uncredited) who had been held up years before. The gun was fired during the robbery and the bullet had lodged in the wall between the bottles of liquor. This bullet was retrieved as part of the investigation and the markings were later added to the police computer files. Now a bullet with the exact same markings is found buried in the seat of Katie's car. The aged liquor store owner told the two cops that, Yeah, he knew who did it, but bitterly complains that the proof would never have held up in court. Harris's dad came in three weeks after the robbery and smiled at him with such a knowing smile as if to say, "Aha, I pulled a fast one on you, didn't I?" And how can you convict a man on a look? Now, all of a sudden, the Harris gun assumes a critical importance in this case. Where is it and who knows about it? "Mystic River" takes a final explosive turn into a complex double denouement that involves both the gun as a murder weapon and an explanation of the suspicious activities of Dave Boyle the night of Katie's murder. Dave's car had been impounded because of the blood stains in the front seat. While these blood stains turn out to belong to Dave, the shocker is that different blood stains are found in the trunk, blood stains that match the blood type of Katie Markum. Sean and Whitey make another visit to Celeste Boyle and present her with this apparently damning evidence in an effort to break her alibi for her husband. Celeste has always maintained that Dave came home when he said he did, which was shortly before one in the morning. In actuality, he had come home closer to three in the morning. Celeste doesn't change her story to the policemen, but the doubts in her own mind as to her husband's innocence grow ever larger. This makes his comments to her about what happened to "poor Katie" all the more strange. Late one night he walks over past Jimmy's house and finds Jimmy sitting on the front stoop. Jimmy remarks to Dave, "You know, this is where I used to wait for my Katie to come home." Once again, Dave offers his sincerest condolences. "Just terrible," he says. The next day the two appropriately named Savage brothers, who apparently have an in with the police department, report to Jimmy that blood matching Katie's blood type was found in the trunk of Dave's car. In Jimmy's mind, this convicts Dave beyond a shadow of a doubt in spite of the fact that the events of the crime do not match this placement. Katie was first shot in her car and she then fled her car into Pen Park in a desperate attempt to escape her murderer. A trail of her blood and torn pieces of her clothing were found leading from her car to the well pit in the park where her body was found. The geographical events of her death are seemingly beyond dispute and they do tend to throw considerable doubt on the possibility of Dave Boyle or his car having anything to do with her death. But this is not something that the hotheaded Jimmy Markum is going to examine in a cool analytical light. He goes over to visit Celeste later that evening and finds her crying on her front porch. The two police detectives have just left and Celeste is now convinced that her husband is guilty of this horrible crime. Jimmy holds her and hugs her and comforts her in a successful effort to get her to admit as much. "You think Dave killed my Katie, don't you?" he asks her, and Celeste sadly and tearfully nods. Markum instructs the Savage brothers to pick up Boyle and go through "the procedure." The next afternoon they are cruising down the street when they spy Boyle walking along the sidewalk. They invite him into their car to go for a drink, even though it is still early in the afternoon. Dave protests that it is too early to start drinking, but he doesn't want to appear antisocial. He climbs into the back seat of the Savage's sedan and once again, just like 25 years before, he looks wistfully out of the rear window of the car at the old neighborhood that has been his only home for all his life. Perhaps he instinctively realizes that he will never see his home again... The Savages bring him to a seedy waterfront bar in an isolated area of town and proceed to get him drunk. Hours later Jimmy Markum joins the three at their booth in this poorly lit bar. Everyone is all smiles and camaraderie but a dark tension lurks just under the surface of their overt affability. Dave reaches his limit and confesses that he has to go outside and throw up. They let him leave and then shortly join him as he is puking by the bank of the river. Jimmy then tells Dave Boyle that this is where he killed Harris years before for sending him to prison. And he will do the same to Boyle if he killed his daughter, Katie. But Boyle protests his innocence. "What about the blood in your trunk?" they ask. Boyle slurs his speech as he tells his side of the story. He came out of the bar late that Saturday night and stumbled upon a pedophile raping a young kid in a car in the parking lot of the tavern. He told the kid to get away as he pulled the man out of the car and pounded him into a bloody pulp in a drunken rage. He then put the unconscious, perhaps even dead, body in the trunk of his car and dumped it behind the bar. This story is unconvincing to Jimmy Markum as no body has yet been found to verify Boyle's story. He has the Savage brothers beat him up some more and then tells Boyle that he will only let him live if he tells the truth about murdering his daughter. By now, drunk, sick, sore, and nearly unconscious, Boyle decides that the easiest thing for him to do is to accept Markum's offer and live. He says, "Yeah, I did it," whereupon Markum knifes him in the stomach and then shoots a bullet into the near dead body as it lies on the ground... Back to Sean and Whitey and the still missing Harris gun. They have been pressuring Brendan Harris just as they have been pressuring Boyle for a clue to provide a break in the case. After being hauled down to the police station twice for interrogation, Sean grabs Brendan and breaks the news to the shocked kid that his missing father's gun is the murder weapon of his beloved Katie, the girl with whom he was planning to elope to Las Vegas. Brendan doesn't say anything about this to the policemen, but as soon as he gets home he goes to a secret hiding place in the ceiling of his family's kitchen and feels around for the hidden gun. He is shocked to find that the gun is not there. All of a sudden everything starts to become clear to this poor, innocent young man. His deaf mute brother, who was aware of his plans to elope with Katie, must have been involved as he was the only one who knew where that gun was hidden and, besides, he hated the thought of losing his beloved brother whom he depended upon so much for protection and friendship. Brendan's younger brother shortly comes home with his best friend, and Brendan says, "Oh, it's you again." He then accuses his brother of murdering Katie. It wasn't supposed to turn out that way, his brother signs, but everything got out of control. I just meant to scare her. Terrified as Brendan rushes him in a rage and starts to throttle him, he pulls the gun out just as Sean Devine and Whitey Powers rush into the house. Sean acts quickly enough to grab the gun and subdue the young man just as the gun fires a misdirected bullet into the ceiling The case of the lovely young girl who was murdered is now solved. Unfortunately, the pathetic victim from a crime from many years before has also paid with his life. Sean once again gets a silent call from his ex-wife. "Look," he says, "I am sorry I pushed you away." "I'm sorry, too," she finally speaks. A look of joy spreads over Sean's face. There is hope, after all. It is the day of the annual neighborhood parade, but Jimmy is in a morose mood in his bedroom. Annabeth comes in and tells him that the police have solved the case and have caught his daughter's killers. He confesses to her that he has killed an innocent man. "I killed an innocent man," he repeats again. "Look," Annabeth replies, "you did your best. What's past is past, and you can't change it. She also despises Celeste for suspecting her own husband and expressing her doubts to Jimmy. It is clear that she is going to stand by her man no matter what. "I am going to take you down here and then we are going to go out and enjoy the parade," as she drags him down to the bed on top of her. They make love, perhaps for the first time since Katie's murder. Sean, who has figured everything out by now, sees Jimmy and asks him, "Do you know where Dave Boyle is? We found the body of a man behind the bar and we want to talk to him about it." Jimmy lifts his hands up as if to say that he hasn't seen Boyle and doesn't have a clue as to where he might be. Sean isn't fooled. After a lifetime spent in this neighborhood he knows what the score is. "Are you now going to be sending $500 to Celeste Boyle every month for the rest of her life?" he asks. Jimmy smiles, but says nothing. He also knows that Sean knows. The parade is going down the street with all the hoopla and the noise and the marching bands playing their music. The Markum family minus one beloved daughter sits together on one front stoop watching the parade go by. Sean, once again together with his wife and child, sits across the street all aglow with renewed hope at his new chance for marital happiness. He holds his hand up in the form of a gun and goes "Kapow!" to his old childhood friend, Jimmy, across the street. Jimmy just smiles. The young Boyle child looking strangely uncomfortable and out of place rides by on a float with the other members of his little league team. Meanwhile, Celeste walks up and down the street looking every which way in sheer desperation and a failing hope for her missing husband, a search that she instinctively realizes will be fruitless. She knows how the system of street justice works. She didn't mean it, but her lack of marital loyalty betrayed her husband and this action on her part condemned an innocent man to death. Her family blood was not thick enough to save him, not that it ever would have been in a case like this. Dave Boyle would still be alive if only she had kept her mouth shut for another 24 hours. His childhood had been stolen from him and now his adulthood was also taken from him. In both instances he was the innocent victim of the illegal machinations of others. 
 The Matrix Reloaded (2003)651) Freedom fighters Neo, Trinity and Morpheus continue to lead the revolt against the Machine Army, unleashing their arsenal of extraordinary skills and weaponry against the systematic forces of repression and exploitation. In this second adventure, Neo and the rebel leaders estimate that they have 72 hours until Zion falls under siege to the Machine Army. Only a matter of hours separates the last human enclave on Earth from 250,000 Sentinels programmed to destroy mankind. But the citizens of Zion, emboldened by Morpheus conviction that the One will fulfill the Oracles Prophecy and end the war with the Machines, rest all manner of hope and expectation on Neo, who finds himself stalled by disturbing visions as he searches for a course of action. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} In the second chapter of the Matrix trilogy, Zion falls under siege to the Machine Army. Only hours before 250,000 Sentinels destroy the last human enclave on Earth--and its growing resistance--Neo ( Keanu Reeves ) and Trinity ( Carrie-Anne Moss ) choose to return to the Matrix with Morpheus ( Laurence Fishburne ), unleashing their arsenal of extraordinary skills and weaponry against the forces of repression and exploitation. Now, at the confluence of love and truth, faith and knowledge, purpose and reason, Neo must follow the course he has chosen if he is to save humanity from the dark fate that haunts his dreams--The Matrix Reloaded. Neo, Morpheus, Trinity, and the rest of their crew continue to battle the machines that have enslaved the human race in the Matrix. As their quest unfolds, Neo learns more about his superheroic abilities, including the ability to see the codes of the people and things around him. Now, more humans are waking up out of the Matrix and attempting to live in the real world. As their numbers grow, the battle moves to Zion - the last real-world city and the center of human resistance. Sujit R. Varma Roughly six months after the original "Matrix", Neo begins to have nightmares about Trinity plunging to her death. Meanwhile, the rebels have returned to the city of Zion to learn that 250,000 sentinels are digging towards them to seek Zion and wipe out the human resistance. The Oracle gives Neo instructions to find the Keymaker and seek out the source. If Neo fails the mission, then the rebellion will be crushed, and the machines will win the war. keyser_soze2 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Green code-rain starts pouring down the screen, first forming the words "The Matrix", then "Reloaded". The image zooms further in, there's coding everywhere, making out a jungle of shapes. We seem to be inside some kind of machinery, and after pulling out we see the shape of a clock. The image transforms into a time clock and a group of security guards clock out and leave for the night. Outside a figure in black on a matching motorcycle comes flying through the air. She leaps from the bike, makes a backward flip in mid-air and the bike lands with a crash on the guardhouse causing a major explosion. The figure lands elegantly in front of the explosion. As she removes her helmet we see it is Trinity ( Carrie-Anne Moss ). The guards in the parking lot attack her, but she easily fights them off. The picture crumbles into coding like dust, and when restored we're very high up on the side of a building. Trinity bursts through the window, guns in hand. She turns on her back in mid-air, an agent is pursuing her and jumps after, head first. They exchange gunfire, falling to the streets below in slow motion. Eventually Trinity is shot in the chest. Something (impossible to see who or what) crashes into a car by the sidewalk. Neo ( Keanu Reeves ) wakes up. He looks over at Trinity lying in his arms, sleeping peacefully, then gets out of bed. We see the Nebuchadnezzar from outside as it hovers through the sewers and lands. Inside are Link ( Harold Perrineau ) and Morpheus ( Laurence Fishburne ) in the cockpit. "Sir, Are you sure about this?" Link asks. Morpheus tells him that if he is to continue as operator on his ship Link must trust him. "Yes, sir. I will sir," says Link. Morpheus glances at him. "I mean I do, sir." In the mess hall sits Neo, pondering. Trinity sits down opposite him. "Still can't sleep?" she asks. Neo shakes his head and takes a sip from his breakfast. "You wanna talk?" Trinity offers. "They're just dreams," Neo reassures. "If you're afraid of something..." "I just wish... I wish I knew what I'm supposed to do, that's all. I just wish I knew." "She's gonna call, don't worry," assures Trinity. Link pops his head in and Trinity asks "Are we ready to go?" "We're already late," he replies. In a dark room underground Niobe ( Jada Pinkett Smith ) is addressing a crowd of other ship crews about the imminent threat to Zion. The machines are digging and will reach Zion in 72 hours. Naturally Morpheus and crew arrive fashionably late, making sure to draw attention by making an argument right away that there is nothing to fear, for he believes the prophecy will come true very soon and end the war. "But first the Oracle must be consulted." Accordingly, Morpheus asks for a volunteer ship to remain in broadcast depth while the Nebuchadnezzar returns to Zion to recharge and make repairs, despite Commander Lock's direct orders for ALL ships to return. Captain Ballard ( Roy Jones Jr. ) of the Caduceus volunteers "just to see what Lock does to you." He gives Morpheus 36 hours. Meanwhile someone knocks on the entrance door. The corrupt ( Paul Cotter ) opens a small hatch on the door and a head in silhouette is seen against the headlights of a car. The stranger asks for Neo. The guard claims not to know who he's talking about and the stranger hands him an envelope telling him to give it to Neo. "You see he set me free." It's beyond doubt the voice of Agent Smith ( Hugo Weaving ). Neo, having sensed something, comes up asking what's going on. "How did you know someone was here?" one of the guards asks. "He wanted me to give you this," and hands Neo the envelope. Into Neo's palm drops an earpiece worn by agents. "Agents are coming," warns Neo. They flee, leaving Neo to handle the threat. The three agents recognize Neo as "the anomaly", but proceed anyway on the basis that he is after all "only human." Neo pauses momentarily while blocking a blow, "Hm. Upgrades." He fights them off with ease. When the battle is over Neo crouches down, the ground ripples and he shoots to the skies (as he did in the very end of the prequel). At the scene of the battle, Smith walks up and states that it all "went as expected". Facing him is another Smith, "Yes." "It's all happening exactly as before..." "Well, not exactly..." They smile. Morpheus and Trinity are driving to an exit as Morpheus calls Link and asks what happened. Link says a bunch of agents showed up and that suddenly the "coding got all weird." He has never seen anything like it. Morpheus then asks where Neo is now. "He's doing his Superman-thing." Like Link said, Neo is soaring through the clouds. Then he stops and heads back down to the ground. He lands in an old building and enters an abandoned apartment, which we recognize as that of the Oracle. "Where are you?" he whispers. The Nebuchadnezzar approaches Zion. Link communicates with one of the gate operators and they are let inside. Once landed The crew exits the ship and are met by Captain Mifune ( Nathaniel Lees ) and three A.P.U. escorts. "Are you here to escort me to the stockades, captain?" asks Morpheus. "I'm just here to keep the peace," assures Mifune. Commander Lock wants to see Morpheus and accordingly the escorts take him to him. "What's with them?" Neo asks. "Lock and Morpheus?" asks Trinity back. Neo nods. "Niobe." "Captain Niobe?" "Mhm. She used to be with Morpheus, now she's with Lock." "What happened?" "Morpheus went to the Oracle, after that everything changed." "Yeah, she can do that." Trinity, Neo and Link start gathering their luggage when a teenage boy ( Clayton Watson ) comes running enthusiastically towards them. "How does he always know?" Trinity asks Neo in a hushed voice. "Doesn't he have anything better to do?" wonders Neo. "You know what they say about the life you save..." answers Trinity. "I didn't save his life," Neo claims. The kid, now right in front of them, welcomes them home and offers to carry their bags. Both Neo and Trinity decline. "You can carry these..." says Link. "Sure, Link." As they all walk towards the elevators the kid starts going on about how he will be old enough to join a crew next year and that he wants to serve aboard the Nebuchadnezzar. His main reason for this is that Neo saved him. "You saved yourself," assures Neo. Meanwhile Lock ( Harry Lennix ) tells Morpheus off for asking a ship to stay behind, when they all had been ordered back to Zion. Morpheus defends himself with his belief that they must have the Oracles advice and that Neo will be the key to ending the war. Lock on the other hand has no confidence in the prophecy and is only concerned with having all the firepower available for when the machines reaches Zion. The kid mentions a gathering that evening, a bigger one than anyone can remember. It is a popular belief that something big will happen. Councillor Hamann ( Anthony Zerbe ) enters in the middle of the discussion. He asks their opinion on what is to be said about the situation to the people at the gathering that evening. Lock believes they should know as little as possible, they wouldn't want to start a panic. Morpheus thinks the truth should be told and that there will be no panic because there is nothing to fear. They enter the elevator and after a few seconds of silence Link gets off telling the kid to come with him. "These two have other things to do." As soon as the elevator doors closes Neo and Trinity drop their bags and make out passionately. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" asks Neo. "I'm thinking this elevator is too damn slow," replies Trinity. But before long they are interrupted by the elevator doors opening and are received by a crowd of people. They carry offerings, asking Neo to look over their sick children etc. Neo thanks them for their gifts and says he'll try. Trinity lowers her head in disappointment and starts to walk away. Neo asks her not to go, but Trinity answers, "It's okay. They need you." "I need you," he pleads. "I know, there's time," she assures him and walks away. Meanwhile, Link arrives at his apartment where his girlfriend, Zee ( Nona Gaye ), is waiting with her sister-in-law, Cas ( Gina Torres ), her niece ( Alima Ashton-Sheibu ) and nephew ( Joshua Mbakwe ). "Uncle Link!" the little ones exclaim as he walks through the door. After welcoming him home, Cas and her kids leave. Zee is not happy at all. Link serving on Morpheus' ship terrifies her. All other ships are home twice as often as the Nebucadnezzar. She has also already lost two brothers to that ship and is afraid she will lose him too. "It's not fair," she says. "You think Cas thinks it's fair that I'm here and Dozer's not?" Link argues. He also says nothing will happen to him, Morpheus says it will all be over soon. The important thing is that he's home now and they hug. Evening comes and everyone is gathered in Zion's temple cavern. Counselor Hamann is standing on a cliff high above the masses, as he gives the opening prayer and introduces Morpheus, who then steps up and gives his speech. He confirms the rumors of the machines digging, and convinces everyone that there is indeed nothing to be afraid of. "We are still here!" is his main argument and tonight they will make so much noise as to show the machines that they are not afraid. The music starts and everyone starts dancing as if it really was their last night on earth. As he leaves the podium, Morpheus runs into Niobe and they flirt mildly before Lock call her to his side. Meanwhile Neo and Trinity meet up in the outskirts of the caves. "I was thinking. Everyone's here..." says Neo. "Follow me." answers Trinity. While everyone else parties like never before, Neo and Trinity are alone at last and they make passionate love to each other and have the sex of their lives! However, Neo suddenly gets a flash of his dream where Trinity is shot and falls into his fears of losing her. Trinity asks what is wrong, but he only answers that he is afraid of losing her. She grasps his hand, "Do you feel this? I'm never letting go." They hold each other tightly and remain silently in each others arms. Eventually everyone goes to bed and the lights are shut down. Back in the Matrix Bane ( Ian Bliss ) and another member of the Caduceus crew are fleeing for their lives from something. They have reached an exit and have a message from the Oracle. Bane goes last and just before he can get out Smith jumps through the skylight and plunges his hand into Bane's chest. "Oh, God" shivers Bane in terror. "Smith will suffice," says the former agent satisfied. Black fluid of sorts spreads all over Bane's body from where Smith has his hand, and once covered he is another Smith-clone. The clone then puts the phone to his ear and leaves the Matrix. Neo wakes up and goes outside his apartment gazing over the city. Councillor Hamann approaches him and offers his company. Neo accepts. Hamann asks if Neo has ever been to the engineering level. He has not, so they go. Once down there Hamann tells Neo about his wondering if they, the free humans, aren't in a sense plugged into these machines. They do after all depend on them. Neo answers that they control these machines, that if they wanted to they could shut them down, destroy them. But, Hamann points out there is the catch. If they did turn them off, what would happen to their water supply, heat etc.? But in the end he has no point to his musings and they leave it at that. It's morning and Ballard knocks on a door in Zion and Trinity opens. "Is Neo here?" Trinity opens the door further and Neo appears. It's a message from the Oracle. Against Lock's orders Morpheus takes off with ship and crew to have Neo meet with her. Before departure Zee tries to urge Link to wear her lucky necklace. He reluctantly agrees, not believing in that stuff, and they kiss. As the party go their ship Bane/Smith sits in nook of the tunnel, cutting his hand with a knife. When the quartet pass him, he sneaks up behind them, knife in hand. He is discovered though when the kid from before comes running. "Neo!" Bane/Smith hides the knife behind his back and claims he just wanted to say good luck. The kid has to say goodbye to his hero too before he leaves and give him something from one of the orphans. "He said you'd understand." It's a metal spoon. Lock is outraged at Counselor Hamann for giving the Nebuchadnezzar clearance to leave. He did so because he believes their survival depends on more than how many ships they have. Neo enters the Matrix near the designated address, which is in Chinatown. He enters a small room from the street and at the back of the room sits an Asian-looking man in corresponding clothes, meditating. To Neo, who sees everything in coding, the stranger radiates a golden light. "Welcome," he says. "I am Seraph." He will take Neo to the Oracle. "But first I must apologize." "For what?" wonders Neo. "For this," says Seraph ( Collin Chou ) and attacks. After some kicking, punching and blocking, Seraph is satisfied. He had to make sure Neo really was the One, as the Oracle has many enemies. "You could have just asked," claims Neo with a smile. "You do not really know someone until you fight them," answers Seraph. He then shuts the door to the street, pulls out a key that he turns in the key hole and opens the door again. It no longer leads to the streets of Chinatown, but to a white hallway lined with green doors. "These are back doors," Neo concludes. Seraph confirms. "Where'd they go?" Link wonders in the real world. They walk down the hall till Seraph stops and opens another door. This one leads to an isolated courtyard where the Oracle ( Gloria Foster ) sits waiting on a bench. Neo approaches her and she asks him to sit down. He politely declines. "Suit yourself," she says and shrugs. Neo sits down after all. "I felt like sitting." "Of course." "Let's get the obvious out of the way," the Oracle starts. "You're not human, are you," Neo says. "Doesn't get more obvious than that." "If I had to guess I'd say you were a program of the machine world. And so is he," Neo looks at Seraph. "I guess the most obvious question is, how can I trust you?" The Oracle answers that he has to choose whether to trust her or not. "Candy?" she offers him. "You already know if I'm going to take it?" "Wouldn't be much of an oracle if I didn't." "Then how can I make a choice?" The Oracle replies that he has already made the choice and only needs to understand it. "But why are you here?" wonders Neo. The Oracle points out a flock of crows and explains that at some point a program to govern them as well as all other things. The programs that do their job are invisible, as opposed those who do not. The latter manifest as what humans refer to as ghosts, vampires etc. "When a program faces deletion it can either choose to hide out here or return to the Source. Where you must go." "The machine mainframe." "You've seen, haven't you? The The door of bright light." Neo confirms. "What happens when you walk through it?! "I see Trinity. Something bad happens and Trinity starts to fall." "Do you see her die?" "No" "You've got the sight now Neo." Neo wants to know why he can not see what happen to Trinity, but the answer he gets is simply that we cannot see past the choices we do not understand. "Are you saying I have to choose whether Trinity lives or dies?" "No, Neo. You've already made the choice." Neo refuses to accept this, he can not do such a thing, but he has to. "Why?" "Because you are the One." If Neo doesn't go to the Source all of Zion will perish, and to get there he will need the Keymaker, an exile program currently held captive by the Merovingian an old and dangerous program. Seraph comes over saying they must leave and so he and the Oracle leave through the back door. Just as the door closes Smith appears. Apparently Neo and he are connected somehow. He explains that when Neo destroyed him he was supposed to be deleted, but he refused to obey the rules and has now become "unplugged". Then there is the question of purpose and Smith-clones start coming towards them, each elaborating on the importance of purpose. When the "original" Smith and Neo are surrounded by clones, Smith tries to turn him into another clone, but with some effort Neo manages to resist and pulls Smith's hand out of his chest. All Smiths attack. A lengthy fight ensues, more clones joining in continually. In the middle of it all an agent comes to the scene only to be turned into yet another clone, but not before recognizing Smith in surprise. Eventually Neo abandons the fight and all the clones go their separate ways. Back in the real world Neo is unplugged. "It was Smith," says Morpheus. Neo confirms and that he has found a way to copy himself. In Zion the council and all crews are gathered. Lock explains their current situation and tactics. The council have limited confidence in these tactics. They then ask if there has been word from the Nebucadnezzar. There has not. Hence the council asks for two volunteer ships to go search for them, against Lock's protests. Captain Soren ( Steve Bastoni ) stands up immediately. No other reacts to the request. Bane/Smith suggests to Ballard that they should volunteer, but Ballard just tells him to shut up. Eventually Niobe declares her willingness to search for the missing party, to Lock's surprise and horror. He tries to forbid her to go, but she is determined, because some things never change and some things do. Neo, Trinity and Morpheus arrive at a French restaurant in the Matrix, where thy find the Merovingian ( Lambert Wilson ) and his wife, Persephone ( Monica Bellucci ), at the head table as if they were king and queen. As a "trafficker of information", as he calls himself, the Merovingian knows why they are there. The question is, according to him, do they know? He says they are there because they were told to, declares he has no intention of letting go of the Keymaker and tells them to tell the Oracle from him that "her time is almost up." He also explains to them what he holds as the one truth, namely the forces of causality. As he has said all he feels like sharing he cuts the negotiations short and excuses himself to the men's room. Neo, Morpheus and Trinity are escorted to the elevator by the Merovingian's henchmen. When the elevator stops and the doors open they see Persephone waiting for them. "If you want the Keymaker, follow me," she says dryly and takes them to the men's room (where the Merovingian is not). "Why are you doing this?" Neo asks. Her answer is that she has come to resent her husband. She will take them to the Keymaker on one condition: that Neo kiss her as if she were Trinity, she wants to remember what love feels like. Trinity protests by pulling a gun at Persephone, but as they need the Keymaker she has no choice but to back down and look on in anguish. As soon as Persephone is satisfied she fulfills her promise. She leads them through the kitchen of the restaurant and to a door at the other end. This she opens with a key similar to that of Seraph's. This takes them to the great hall of a chateau. Persephone further leads the party to a small study where two shady men are sitting guard. She shoots one with a silver bullet and tells the other to tell his master what she has done or die like his friend. "He's in the lady's room," Persephone shouts after the vampire as he scurries off and opens a secret door to the dungeons, where they find the Keymaker ( Randall Duk Kim ). As they re-enter the main hall, the Merovingian and his henchmen burst through the front door. He is shocked by his wife's actions and fail to understand her reasons. She plainly explains that it is just like he said: cause and effect. The Merovingian claims there is no cause for this, but Persephone points out the lipstick he is still wearing (not on his lips...) and leaves. The Merovingian immediately order the Twins ( Neil Rayment and Adrian Rayment ), who turn out to have the ability to turn into spectrals, to get the Keymaker back. The Keymaker flees right away and Trinity and Morpheus follow him, leaving Neo to handle the henchmen. They put up more of a fight than the agents, but are still not much of a match for the One. Disappointed the Merovingian and company leave the way they came, closing the door behind them. This causes the connection between the restaurant and castle to break and when he re-opens the door Neo finds himself high up in the mountains. He therefore runs the way the Keymaker went. Meanwhile, the Keymaker connects the door at the end of a hallway to a parking lot, but Trinity fails to close the door before one of the Twins gets an arm between the door and the door frame. Thus the other twin can merely glide through in spectral form, prompting Trinity to fight him (Morpheus holds the door), but she loses and the Twin pulls a knife to her throat. Morpheus has no choice but to let the other Twin through. In the meantime, the Keymaker acquires a car and Trinity runs over and gets in the driver's seat while Morpheus holds the Twins at bay. Morpheus gets in the car and they flee. As they drive away one of the twins closes the door in Neo's face. Neo crashes through the door anyway, but is again in the mountains. He calls Link who can only tell him he's in the mountains. Neo then inquires how Trinity and Morpheus are doing. They are in trouble, Link tells him, and gives him directions to their whereabouts. In the city Morpheus and Trinity are zooming through the streets trying to shake off the pursuing Twins who have acquired a car of their own. Morpheus calls Link for help and it turns out the only way is onto the freeway. By now, a load of police cars are on their tail. "You always told me to stay off the freeway," says Trinity. "Yes, that's true." "You said it was suicide." "Then let us hope that I was wrong." Elsewhere in the Matrix, Niobe calls Link to tell him they have come to get them out. "Just follow the sirens..." says Link. On the freeway, the Twins are now in front of Morpheus and co. and as soon as they run out of ammo, the one not driving takes spectral form and lands himself in the backseat of the other car, next to the Keymaker. Morpheus tries to fight him off, to little avail. Then Agents show up; one lands on the hood of Trinity's and Morpheus's car and rips off the roof. Morpheus, though held down by the Twin, fires at him, but this helps no more than it ever has before. Trinity hits the brakes so that the Agent is flung off. Morpheus continues to struggle with the Twin and eventually gets hold of a sword which he thrusts through his seat, forcing the twin to let go of his solid self and get left behind. He is immediately picked up by his brother. "We are getting aggravated." "Yes, we are." Another Agent has caught up with our heroes and fires away as well hitting them with his car. They manage to lose him though, by leaving the freeway in a way that causes the Agent to crash into the railing. They are now on a bridge over the freeway and come to a full stop. "Trinity, get him out of here," orders Morpheus. "Come on!" she shouts to the Keymaker and they jump off the bridge onto a truck below carrying a load of motorcycles. Morpheus stays behind to handle the Twins. He does this by causing their crash and shooting the gas tank. Trinity and the Keymaker obtain a motorcycle and continue towards their exit. It is not long however before an Agent takes control of a semi-truck, forcing Trinity to turn around. Police follow and are soon transformed into more Agents. Morpheus comes towards them on the roof of another semi-truck and grabs the Keymaker. Trinity is no longer being pursued and escapes, as it is the Keymaker the Agents want this time. An Agent therefore attacks Morpheus instead, and they battle on top of the semi. After a while Morpheus, is thrown off, but Niobe catches him on the hood of her car. The Agent approaches the Keymaker. "You are no longer necessary." "We do only what we're meant to do," says the Keymaker. "Then you're meant for only one more thing. Deletion." replies the Agent . Just as the Agent is about to terminate the Exile, Mopheus jumps on him, throwing him off. This only prompts the Agent to relocate to the driver's seat of the same semi-truck, and forces Niobe to leave. Further back another Agent is in control of another semi-truck and turns the truck, aiming for the other truck and a head-on collision. "Neo, if you're out there, I could use some help," prays Mopheus to himself. "What is that?" wonders Link about something on the screen. Neo comes flying through the air, grabbing Morpheus and the Keymaker in the nick of time. In Zion, they learn that the machines drilling through the earth are currently being slowed down by iron, which means they will be in Zion in little over nine hours. Soren, Niobe, Morpheus and their crews are gathered with the Keymaker. He tells them what they must do. Neo must go through the door that leads to the source, but to keep the entire building from exploding, the electrical network providing energy to 27 square blocks must be disabled. Niobe and Ghost ( Anthony Brandon Wong ) must therefore take out a power station while Soren and his crew deactivate the emergency network. This will give a five-minute window during which Neo must open the door. "All must be done as one. If one fails, all fail," the Keymaker instructs. Back in the real world, while waiting for it to be time for him to go, Neo makes Trinity promise not to enter the Matrix. She agrees. Niobe and Ghost succeed, but Soren and his crew are killed by Sentinels just before they accomplish their mission. Link and Trinity discover that they aren't moving and so Trinity has to go in to finish their job. As Neo sees the lights go out he, Morpheus and the Keymaker enter the hall of back door, where they are met by Smith. Trinity enters the Matrix and all happens as in Neo's dreams. In the hallway Neo and Morpheus are assaulted by a horde of Smiths. They try to take Morpheus' body for their own, but Neo prevents it. In the heat of the battle the Keymaker sneaks around by using alternate doors and opens the one they seek just as the power grid fails again, thanks to Trinity. Neo grabs Morpheus and flies through the door. Unfortunately the Keymaker is gunned down by Smiths as he closes it again, and dies. Before taking his last "breath," he tells Morpheus which door to take to get home and gives Neo the key he needs to open the special door. Simultaneously an Agent is heading for Trinity without her knowledge. Neo enters the door of light. He is now in a room where the walls are made up of old-fashioned television screens. In a chair on the other side of the room sits the Architect ( Helmut Bakaitis ), the one who designed the Matrix. Neo asks why is he there. The Architect explains that Neo is an anomaly he has been unable to remove. "You haven't answered my question," Neo points out. The Architect confirms and mentions that he caught on faster than the others... The screens, showing Neo and expressing his thoughts, all express bewilderment by what the Architect means. "The Matrix is older than you know," the Architect explains. Apparently this is the sixth version. Neo has trouble accepting, but concludes that "either no one told me or no one knows." "Precisely." The anomaly is essential to the equations the Architect builds the Matrix from. "Choice, the problem is choice," Neo realizes. Just then Trinity is surprised by an Agent. She is no match for him and soon hits the floor. The Architect describes the first Matrix, which was perfect and therefore failed. The Architect tried again, making it reflect the human nature, but in vain. The problem was discovered by "an intuitive program, initially created to investigate certain aspects of the human psyche." The Oracle discovered (according to the Architect, by chance) that the humans had to be given choice. This leads them to Zion and Neo is with the Architect because it is about to be destroyed, a fact Neo cannot accept.The Architect simply points out that it is for the sixth time and they are getting better and better at it. Trinity continues to battle the Agent, but is slowly being defeated. The Architect explains that Neo must now return to the Source so that the "prime program can be launched. Then he must choose 23 people to rebuild Zion. If he does not the Matrix will crash due to system failure, killing everyone connected. As Zion is about to be destroyed that would mean the end of the human race. Neo points out however that machines need humans to survive. "There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept," the Architect claims. He doubts however that Neo will accept the extinction of all humans. The Architect elaborates that the five predecessors were designed to develop an attachment to their fellow human beings. Neo, on the other hand has a more specific aim for his affections. "Trinity!" Neo exclaims in a whisper. The screens are showing her predicament, and the Architect reveals that she entered the Matrix to save his life. The Architect presents Neo with two doors. The one to his right leads to the Source, and the one on the left to Trinity and the downfall of man. The old man can tell that Neo's feelings are blinding him from the "fact" that Trinity will die either way. As the Oracle predicted, Neo goes to his left, only stopping to threaten the Architect that he better hope they don't meet again. "We won't," is the only reply. Back in the real world Morpheus is just coming out of the Matrix. "We have a problem, sir," says Link. "Oh, no," exclaims Morpheus as he sees Trinity connected. Trinity is still battling the Agent and jumps through the window and falls, the Agent close behind, and he shoots her as predicted in Neo's nightmares. Neo, flying faster than ever, catches her just in time, the agent hitting the car, crushing it. Neo lands on a rooftop with her and lays her down. She appears fatally wounded. Neo removes the bullet by manipulating the code of the Matrix, but Trinity's heart stops. Neo refused to accept her death. Reaching through the code of the Matrix, he compresses her heart and restarts it. She awakens with a start and they kiss passionately. "I guess this makes us even," she whispers. Morpheus fails to understand why the prophecy has not come true. Neo tells him and the others that they have 24 hours to save Zion and that the prophecy was just another form of control, a lie. Morpheus has major trouble accepting this, but before they can contemplate this complexity, their proximity alert sounds. The sentinels are just outside of EMP range. "It's a bomb," says Neo. They flee. Keeping its distance, the sentinel they detected spins itself rapidly and releases a tow bomb that collides with the Neb. From a safe distance the crew see the Nebuchadnezzar blown apart by the powerful weapon. "I have dreamed a dream, but now that dream has gone from me," Morpheus says, heartbroken. The Sentinels pursue them immediately and the humans run for their lives. Suddenly Neo stops. "Something's different," he says "What?" asks Trinity. "I can feel them." As the Sentinels descend on them, Neo stops them in mid-air, as if he were emitting an EMP. As soon as all the Sentinels are down he collapses. Just then the ship Hammer comes to their rescue. Aboard, Neo is lying unconscious in sickbay, Trinity at his side. In the conference room, the crew of the ship tell Morpheus and Link about the counterattack on the digging machines. It all sounded good, but someone screwed up. An EMP triggered before they were in position and five ships were incapacitated. It was a slaughter. No one knows how it happened. The sole survivor now lies unconscious in the sickbay of the Hammer with Neo. It is Bane. Continued in " The Matrix Revolutions (2003) ." 