nm0008071:

 The Man in the High Castle (20152019)44) In a dystopian America dominated by Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan, a young woman discovers a mysterious film that may hold the key to toppling the totalitarian regimes. What would it be like if the Allied Powers had lost WWII, and Japan and Germany ruled the United States? Amazon Studios The Man in the High Castle is a startling depiction of an alternate history as imagined by author Philip K. Dick in his best-selling novel; a world in which Nazi Germany and Japan were victorious in World War II. The year is 1962 and the Axis Powers occupy the United States, where fascism rules and the few surviving Jews hide under assumed names. ahmetkozan It is the year 1962. Having lost World War 2, the United States is now occupied by Germany and Japan. Germany occupies the eastern states and Japan the western, with the Neutral Zone in between. When her sister is killed by the Japanese, Juliana Crain is sucked into the covert, dangerous world of the American Resistance. Opposing her and her comrades are the most ruthless forces the Nazis and Japanese have to offer, lead by Obergruppenfuhrer John Smith of the SS and Chief Inspector Kido of the Kempeitai. The Resistance's greatest hope appears to lie in films which show an alternate reality, a world where the US and its allies won WW2. While largely viewed as propaganda, these films could be more than that. At the centre of the manufacture and distribution of these films is one man, a figurehead in the Resistance: The Man in the High Castle. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Eve of Destruction (2013)Summaries When two scientists attempt to discover unlimited energy, their experiment is hijacked and sabotaged by eco-terrorists. The result is a dark energy black hole that could destroy the planet. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Arrow (20122020)871) Spoiled billionaire playboy Oliver Queen is missing and presumed dead when his yacht is lost at sea. He returns five years later a changed man, determined to clean up the city as a hooded vigilante armed with a bow. Oliver Queen and his father are lost at sea when their luxury yacht sinks, apparently in a storm. His father dies, but Oliver survives for five years on an uncharted island and eventually returns home. But he wasn't alone on the island where he learned not only how to fight and survive but also of his father's corruption and unscrupulous business dealings. He returns to civilization a changed man, determined to put things right. He disguises himself with the hood of one of his mysterious island mentors, arms himself with a bow and sets about hunting down the men and women who have corrupted his city. Anonymous After many years in a sheltered, rich boy life, Oliver Queen is stranded on an island after his father's yacht crashes. He must learn to survive on his own, five years later he is found alive and well after he was presumed to be dead. After he returns to his home city of Starling City, he begins his crusade to rid his home city of nasty villains, drug dealers, mob bosses, and criminals by becoming an arrow shooting vigilante. Oliver Queen was stranded on an island for five years where he went through experiences that changed and somewhat battle hardened him. Eventually, he makes it back home with a list of names of people who are corrupting his city given to him by his father, who "isn't who he thought he was". Eventually, others join his crusade, which soon goes beyond the list of names, and that's when things get complicated. Cocky womanizer billionaire Oliver Queen is lost and presumed dead after going on a boat trip with father Robert Queen and sister of his girlfriend, Sara Lance. The boat reaches its fate and goes under leaving Sara sucked out of the boat and Oliver and his dad on a raft with little food or water. After his dad kills himself persuading Oliver to live on for the both of them, Oliver drifts to a island. After five years on the hellish island, Oliver Queen returned home with only one goal, to honor his fathers memory by using the list of names he left him to bring down those who are poisoning his city. After five years presumed dead, rich playboy billionaire Oliver Queen returns after his father's yacht sinks in a storm, where he drifts into an island and trains with other people stuck on the deadly island. Then he returns home to Starling City to right the wrongs his father made, armed with just a bow and arrows, with allies by his side. After a violent shipwreck, billionaire playboy Oliver Queen was missing and presumed dead for five years before being discovered alive on a remote island in the Pacific. He returned home to Starling City, welcomed by his devoted mother Moira, beloved sister Thea and former flame Laurel Lance. With the aid of his trusted chauffeur/bodyguard John Diggle, the computer-hacking skills of Felicity Smoak and the occasional, reluctant assistance of former police detective, now beat cop, Quentin Lance, Oliver has been waging a one-man war on crime. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After a violent shipwreck, billionaire playboy Oliver Queen was missing and presumed dead for five years before being discovered alive on a remote island in the Pacific. When he returns home to Starling City, his devoted mother Moira, much-beloved sister Thea, and best friend Tommy welcome him home, but they sense Oliver has been changed by his ordeal on the island. While Oliver hides the truth about the man he's become, he desperately wants to make amends for the actions he took as the boy he was. Most particularly, he seeks reconciliation with his former girlfriend, Laurel Lance. As Oliver reconnects with those closest to him, he secretly creates the main character of Arrow - a vigilant to right the wrongs of his family, fight the ills of society, and restore Starling City to its former glory. By day, Oliver plays the role of a wealthy, carefree and careless philanderer he used to be - flanked by his devoted chauffeur/bodyguard, John Diggle - while carefully concealing the secret identity he turns to under cover of darkness. However, Laurel's father, Detective Quentin Lance, is determined to arrest the vigilante operating in his city. Meanwhile, Oliver's own mother, Moira, knows much more about the deadly shipwreck than she has let on and is more ruthless than he could ever imagine. 
 Dangerous Indiscretion (1995)Summaries A rich man, his beautiful wife, and her young lover form a triangle of romance and revenge: One night, advertising executive Jim (C. Thomas Howell) picks up a beautiful woman in a grocery store and they have an affair. Unfortunately for him, she's Caroline Everett (Joan Severance), the wife of rich, powerful, and vengeful businessman Roger Everett (Malcolm McDowell). When he meets her again, their relationship blossoms. Roger finds it out, and sets out to ruin his life. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 