nm0006969:

 The Hunger Games (2012)541) Katniss Everdeen voluntarily takes her younger sister's place in the Hunger Games: a televised competition in which two teenagers from each of the twelve Districts of Panem are chosen at random to fight to the death. In a dystopian future, the totalitarian nation of Panem is divided into 12 districts and the Capitol. Each year two young representatives from each district are selected by lottery to participate in The Hunger Games. Part entertainment, part brutal retribution for a past rebellion, the televised games are broadcast throughout Panem. The 24 participants are forced to eliminate their competitors while the citizens of Panem are required to watch. When 16-year-old Katniss' young sister, Prim, is selected as District 12's female representative, Katniss volunteers to take her place. She and her male counterpart, Peeta, are pitted against bigger, stronger representatives, some of whom have trained for this their whole lives. Suzanne Collins Set in a future North America known as "Panem", the Capitol selects a boy and a girl between the ages of 12 and 18 from each of the twelve outlying districts to compete in the annual "Hunger Games", a televised fight-to-the-death. The film is centered around Katniss Everdeen - a 16-year-old girl from District 12, who volunteers for her 12-year-old sister, Prim, when Prim's name is chosen - and Katniss's fellow District 12 tribute, Peeta Mellark, with whom she has some rather dramatic history. Katniss is then rushed to the Capitol, where she undergoes intense training before being thrust into the arena to fight to become the victor of the seventy-fourth annual Hunger Games. fallgeek In order to control future rebellions by remembering the past rebellion, the Powers That Be of the dystopian society of Panem force two youngsters from each of the twelve districts to participate in The Hunger Games. The rules are very simple: the twenty-four players must kill each other and survive in the wilderness until only one remains. The games are broadcast through the Capital and the twelve districts to entertain and intimidate the population. In District 12, teenager Katniss Everdeen is a great hunter and archer. When her younger sister, Primrose Everdeen, is selected as one of the "tributes" of their district, Katniss volunteers to take her place in the games. Together with Peeta Mellark, they head by train to the Capital to be prepared for the brutal game. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Hunger Games begins on the day of the reaping in District 12. Katniss Everdeen, the story's 16-year-old narrator, sets out to meet her friend Gale so they can do some hunting and gathering before the reaping that afternoon. As Katniss makes her way from her home to the Meadow and, finally, to the woods, where people of the district are forbidden to go, we learn about Katniss' life in the impoverished part of her district, the Seam, and her family. She thinks about her sister Prim, who is 4 years younger, and her mother, both of whom have depended upon Katniss for survival ever since Katniss' father died in a mine explosion when she was 11. The reaping is a nerve-wracking time because it determines which boy and girl, ages 12 to 18, will serve as the district's tributes in the Hunger Games. Two tributes are drawn in each of the 12 districts, and those tributes are sent to an arena where they fight until only one tribute remains alive. The victor gets to return home, and the victor's district is showered with gifts - namely food. The Games, put on by the Capitol, are meant to punish the 12 districts of Panem as well as to remind them of the Dark Days and how the 13th district was obliterated for its uprising against the tyrannical and cruel Capitol. Against all odds, Prim's name is selected at the reaping. Katniss volunteers to take the place of her younger sister and becomes District 12's girl tribute for the 74th Hunger Games. Peeta Mellark, a boy Katniss' age and the son of the baker, is selected as the other tribute. She remembers Peeta and the kindness he demonstrated toward her when they were children, giving her a burnt piece of bread so that she wouldn't starve. Peeta's selection doesn't bode well for Katniss, who feels that she owes Peeta for saving her life when they were children, which is inconvenient considering she's now expected to kill him in the Hunger Games. Before she leaves, Katniss says goodbye to her mother and Prim; to Madge, the mayor's daughter who gives her the mockingjay pin, a recurring symbol in the novel; to Peeta's father the baker; and to Gale, for whom her feelings are already conflicted, wavering between friendship and love. Katniss and Peeta ride the train to the Capitol. On the train, Katniss experiences luxury like she's never known and gets to eat the richest, most decadent food. They both get to know Effie Trinket, their escort, and Haymitch Abernathy, their drunk mentor and the lone surviving Hunger Games winner from their district who, after seeing that Katniss and Peeta have some fight in them, promises he will sober up enough to help them survive the Games. After they arrive at the Training Center, Katniss and Peeta meet their stylists. Katniss is pleasantly surprised when she meets Cinna, a young man who dresses simply and wears very little makeup compared with the other stylists. In a strategy that has never been used before, Katniss and Peeta are presented as a pair during the opening ceremonies. They race through the Capitol in a chariot holding hands, their outfits blazing in fake flames, earning Katniss her nickname "girl on fire." Their entrance becomes the highlight of the opening ceremonies. After the ceremonies, the tributes begin their training. Haymitch coaches Katniss and Peeta together, per their request, and instructs them to keep their biggest strengths a secret from the other tributes. For Katniss, this means staying away from archery. After many years of hunting game in the woods, her prowess with the bow and arrow are unrivaled. The Gamemakers reward her skills, and her feistiness, with a score of 11 out of 12 during her private session with them. Peeta's biggest asset is his strength, so he stays away from weight lifting while he's around the other tributes. Haymitch tells them to remain together at all times, too. They are to appear inseparable, which, as the training goes on, becomes increasingly tiring for Katniss, who can't decide whether Peeta's kindness and compliments are genuine or simply a part of a scheme for winning the Games. 
 The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 (2014)871) Katniss Everdeen is in District 13 after she shatters the games forever. Under the leadership of President Coin and the advice of her trusted friends, Katniss spreads her wings as she fights to save Peeta and a nation moved by her courage. With the Games destroyed, Katniss Everdeen, along with Gale, Finnick and Beetee, end up in the so thought "destroyed" District 13. Under the leadership of President Coin and the advice of her friends, Katniss becomes the "Mockingjay", the symbol of rebellion for the districts of Panem. floraxie06 Katniss Everdeen becomes the symbol of the rebellion after she shoots a force field into the arena of the Quater Quell. She now lives with the rebels in District 13 after President Snow destroyed the other districts except for District 2. She agrees to become the Mockingjay but her main focus is to save Peeta after he was captured by the Capitol in the Quater Quell and is being "hijacked". After the bombing of District 12, Katniss Everdeen finally accepts the request of President Alma Coin and her adviser Plutarch Heavensbee and becomes the symbol of the rebellion, the Mockingjay. However, President Snow in the Capitol broadcasts a message of Peeta Mellark live contradicting Katniss. She believes that his life is in danger and convinces President Coin to rescue Peeta and the other Victors. But she has a surprise with his reaction. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After surviving the Quarter Quell, Katniss Everdeen is approached by Plutarch Heavensbee and the mysterious President Alma Coin to becoming the face of the Rebellion as the Mockingjay. But President Snow has plans for Katniss as he uses Peeta Mallark as his weapon to use against her. Desperate to help, Katniss demands that Peeta and the other Victors be liberated or she will quit being the Mockingjay. But President Coin seems to have other ideas for Katniss. Blazer346 The Games are destroyed and Katniss went back home to see the ruins of her District which is caused by President Snow. With Peeta being captured, the Capital hijacked him with a trackerjacker vemom and is forced to kill his own love and has no idea what he is saying. President Coin beleives Katniss will be the ideal to be the symbolic Mockingjay and lead her people to revolution. Defying the Capital and the execution of President Snow. tcduston The Hunger Games saga continues in this sequel that finds Katniss Everdeen faced with a decision that could sway the fate of a nation. In the wake of the Quarter Quell, the Hunger Games have been changed forever, and Katniss ends up in District 13. Her courage having inspired a nation, the brave young heroine heeds the advice of her friends, and sets out to save Peeta (Josh Hutcherson). Meanwhile, Katniss' fragile alliance with President Coin could lead to disaster.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Katniss Everdeen ( Jennifer Lawrence ), victor of the 74th and 75th Hunger Games, has been brought to safety in a large underground facility together with Gale ( Liam Hemsworth ), her mother ( Paula Malcomson ) and her sister Primrose ( Willow Shields ). She is being tormented by nightmares from her double ordeal in the arenas. Her co-tribute Finnick Odair ( Sam Claflin ) is also at the base, apparently suffering from post-traumatic stress, while fearing for the life of his girlfriend Annie. Katniss is summoned by general Boggs ( Mahershala Ali ). He tells her that District 13, where they are currently residing, was bombed by the Capitol 75 years ago in retaliation over their part in the rebellion. However, unbeknownst to the Capitol, the survivors managed to build an underground bunker below the ruins. Katniss is brought to District 13's president Alma Coin ( Julianne Moore ), Plutarch Heavensbee ( Philip Seymour Hoffman ), former Capitol Gamemaker who turned out to be an unexpected ally to the rebels, and Beetee ( Jeffrey Wright ), her fellow victor who is now wheelchair-bound. Coin expresses her admiration for Katniss' bravery, as well as her sympathy for the destruction of District 12. She explains that Katniss destroying the live feed during the previous Hunger Games has sparked a mass rebellion in the Districts. However, she believes that a war can only be successful if all Districts are fully united against their common enemy, the mighty Capitol. Beetee reveals that he once worked on designing the Capitol's defenses and broadcast system, and has therefore found a way to communicate with other Districts, and hack into the Capitol's news channel. Since Katniss has become the embodiment of the Mockingjay, the unofficial symbol of the rebellion, Coin and Heavensbee want her to do a series of propaganda films to win over those people who do not yet dare to take sides against the Capitol. Katniss angrily refuses, reproaching Heavensbee for leaving Peeta in the arena at the mercy of the Capitol. He convinces Coin that Katniss should be allowed to take a look in the ravaged District 12 to see the importance of her participation. When she leaves, Coin voices her doubts about Katniss' resolve; Heavensbee replies that she simply needs to be reminded who the real enemy is. President Snow ( Donald Sutherland ) is preparing a speech to address the nation. He decides to downplay the significance of the rebellion in order to show off his strength, according to his philosophy that one should never be seen bleeding by one's enemies. Furthermore, he has several captured rebels publically executed, and proclaims that any association with the Mockingjay symbol is henceforth punishable by death. Katniss is taken to District 12 by plane, where she discovers to her horror that hardly any building is still standing, and the bodies of numerous dead people are still lying between the rubble. Her former house in Victor's Village has been spared; she finds her sister's cat and some personal belongings, which she takes with her. Suddenly, she discovers a fresh white rose in a bouquet of wiltering flowers, similar to the one given to her by president Snow the year before. She immediately remembers the threat he made to her about hurting her loved ones, and leaves. Katniss returns to District 13 and gives the cat to her sister, stating that she probably cannot keep it. Suddenly, there is a broadcast from the Capitol; Peeta Mellark ( Josh Hutcherson ) is giving an exclusive interview to Caesar Flickerman ( Stanley Tucci ). Apparently in good health, he states that he and Katniss knew nothing of the plans to sabotage the Hunger Games, and that Katniss was drafted into inciting the rebellion; he urges people to surrender and lay down their arms, as civil war could lead to their destruction. He is immediately branded a traitor by the inhabitants of District 13. Katniss has a nightmare that night about Peeta, and fears for his safety. She goes to Coin to tell her she agrees to be the Mockingjay, on the condition that Peeta and the other prisoners of the Capitol are rescued and pardoned. Coin refuses, as District 13 believes in fair trials; Peeta's broadcast may persuade people to lay down their arms, so he should answer for his betrayal. Katniss furiously retorts that the Capitol may be abusing and torturing him into cooperation, and refuses to participate if he isn't rescued; her determination convinces Coin and Heavensbee that she has re-found her old vigor. Coin agrees to her terms as long as Katniss provides results (she also grants Katniss' request that Primrose can keep her cat). Effie Trinket ( Elizabeth Banks ), who has also been brought to District 13 where she loudly complains about the lack of luxury, is summoned to be part of Katniss' stylist team. That night, Coin officially announces Katniss as the face of the rebellion to a cheering crowd. Katniss learns from Primsrose that many people, including Coin's husband and child, have died several years back during an epidemic that plagued the facility. Coin further announces her intention to free the captured tributes; the crowd seems dismayed by her concession to pardon Peeta, but she stresses that this will only happen if Katniss holds up her part of the deal. Plutarch implies afterwards that Coin could have been less hard on Katniss, but Coin seems to believe otherwise. Effie meets up with Katniss and brings clothing designs from Cinna, who was killed by the Capitol, but not before he designed a Mockingjay costume for Katniss that emphasizes her role as the symbolic leader of the rebellion. Katniss starts shooting a propaganda film in a studio under the direction of Heavensbee, but her improvisation skills are far from convincing. Haymitch Abernathy ( Woody Harrelson ), who has been following a mandatory rehab program, notices that Katniss always makes the strongest impression in spontaneous situations, so he suggests that she be sent into the field as a soldier, under protection at all times, where a crew can shoot propaganda footage of her while in action. Before leaving, Katniss visits Beetee who has made a sophisticated bow and explosive arrows for her to use while on tour. Gale will come along as her bodyguard. While leaving, Katniss learns that District 13 has been stockpiling weapons for years, preparing for a possible war with the Capitol. Upon questioning Boggs why District 13 did not come to the aid of the other Districts sooner, he answers that they weren't strong enough to survive a counter-attack from the Capitol yet, and would have been wiped out. Katniss retorts that Peeta said a similar thing, and was branded a traitor for it. Katniss meets her film crew, led by Cressida ( Natalie Dormer ) and her team of Capitol refugees who include her assistant Messalla (Evan Ross), director Castor (Wes Chatham), and cameraman Pollux (Elden Henson), who is an Avox and therefore cannot speak since The Capitol had his tongue cut out. They fly over to District 8 where she visits a hospital full of wounded rebels. They are visibly surprised and delighted by her visit. One person asks about Katniss' baby; after some hesitation, she answers that she has lost it. She praises the rebels for their courage and encourages them to continue the fight, but then an incoming squadron of Capitol jets starts bombing the compound. Katniss and Gale successfully fight off the jets, but the planes manage to destroy the hospital, killing everyone inside. An emotionally devastated Katniss gives a powerful speech to the camera, telling Panem that president Snow will stop at nothing to win, even killing innocent victims, and can only be stopped if everyone supports the rebellion. She also assures him that all his acts of cruelty will be avenged. On the way home, Katniss implies that she is having a hard time being the poster girl for the rebellion, drawing thousands of people into the war and into their deaths. Back at District 13, the video is broadcast. It shows immediate effect: an entire squad of Peacekeepers is wiped out by rebels in District 7 the next day. Katniss and Gale are allowed to go hunting outside. Katniss takes aim at a large elk, but refuses to kill it, as the animal has apparently never been hunted before and refuses to run. They share a moment of intimacy before being called home. As they return, Peeta gives another interview. He now shows clear signs of being mistreated, but restates his opinion that Katniss is used as a symbol of the rebellion against her will, and urges her to stop supporting the uprising. Gale calls him a coward who sells out his comrades, but Katniss disagrees; Peeta once defended Gale when he was being tortured, and they have no way of knowing what the Capitol is doing to him. In an emergency meeting, it is decided that Katniss should make a video in District 12; showing Peeta what atrocities Snow has done there may change his mind. At District 12, Gale tells on camera that on the night of Katniss' victory at the 75th Hunger Games, he heard how all the Peacekeepers withdrew from the area. Knowing what would come, he tried to evacuate as many people as possible, but as District 12 was bombed, over 9,000 out of 10,000 people perished in the destruction. While taking a rest near a river, the crew notices a flock of mockingjays flying nearby that imitate every melody. Katniss is asked to sing a song, and she is filmed while singing "The Hanging Tree". The footage is broadcast on the news channel, and within a day, all rebels have adopted the tune as their protest song. A large group of people in District 5 destroy a large dam near the Capitol that provides electricity to the city. The main power of the Capitol is cut off, and with only back-up generators working, the city's defenses and broadcast capabilities are severely weakened. That night, Peeta gives another interview to Ceasar Flickerman. He looks even more emaciated and abused than before, yet again, he calls out at the rebels to stop the destruction and submit to the Capitol; however, when he notices that Beetee is disrupting the broadcast with Katniss' propaganda film, he suddenly realizes she is still alive, and warns her that Capitol planes are flying towards her location. He is silenced and the broadcast is suddenly interrupted. President Coin orders an evacuation drill. All inhabitants of District 13 are quickly evacuated to the lower levels where they will hopefully be safe from bombings. As several squadrons approach and bombs start falling, Katniss notices that her sister has not come along to the shelter. She gets back to the upper level to find Primrose having returned for her cat. They get back into the shelter just before it locks down, with a long night ahead of them. Meanwhile, Heavensbee urges President Coin to fire back; however, Coin decides to sit the situation out, not yet wanting to reveal to the Capitol that they aren't as defenseless as they may seem. In the shelter, Primrose tells about how she is being trained as a doctor in District 13's hospital. Katniss shares a realization with Finnick that President Snow is using their loved ones as torments against them; Finnick replies that he now sees that Katniss has a deep love for Peeta, something she no longer has to fake as a survival strategy. The next morning, the bombs have stopped and District 13 has survived the attack. President Coin asks Katniss to tape another promotional film outside, to show the Capitol that they are still there. She also says that thanks to Peeta, they had an eight-minute head start which ensured a successful evacuation, something she won't forget. While going outside into a bomb crater, Katniss notices that hundreds of white roses have been dropped into the area. She interprets this as a threat from Snow to kill Peeta, and refuses to do any additional filming. She goes back inside, where Haymitch talks back some courage in her. He also tells her that in recognition of the personal risk that Peeta took, Coin has authorized a rescue mission to the Capitol to save him and the others, with Boggs leading and Gale coming along. Finnick takes Katniss' place in the promotional video, which is used to distract the Capitol's defence network while the rescue team crosses into the city by helicopter, without resistance. He tells the nation that he and other victors of previous Hunger Games were often prostituted to rich Capitol citizens; refusal resulted in the death of loved ones. However, it enabled him to learn many secrets. One of them is that President Snow rules by poison; during his rise to power, Snow systematically killed all those who could oppose him by offering them poisoned drinks, which he himself drank as well in order to not arouse suspicion. He used counter-agents to neutralize the poison, but their effect was incomplete, leaving him with permanent bleeding sores in his mouth; to neutralize the smell, Snow is always surrounded by scented flowers. In the meanwhile, the rescue team has arrived at the Tribute Center. They enter and while making their way to the tributes, they traverse a sophisticated lab that seems to contain several torturing devices. When arriving at Peeta's location, the power to the Capitol is suddenly restored, and Beetee can no longer get into the power grid. Fearing the worst for the rescue team, Katniss wants to make an attempt to distract President Snow. She allows Beetee to connect her to Snow himself, who eventually responds. She tries to convince him that she isn't the Mockingjay everyone claims her to be. It was never her intention to sabotage the Games and incite a rebellion, she just wanted her family and friends to be safe. She even offers to stop and take Peeta's place as prisoner. Snow seems almost sympathetic to her words, but he sees right through her deception. He cryptically remarks that it is the things one cares about that becomes one's downfall. He tells her that he no longer believes this charade of innocence, and makes it very clear that he knows about the current rescue attempt being undertaken. The transmission is cut off immediately; Katniss is devastated, and convinced she is losing both Gale and Peeta. President Coin comforts Katniss as they wait for news. Suddenly, she learns that the rescue team has miraculously returned and was successful. Boggs and Gale have rescued everyone, but they are at a loss to explain why the Capitol allowed them to escape unharmed. Joanna Mason ( Jena Malone ) is back, apparently mistreated but feisty as ever, while Finnick is reunited with his girlfriend Annie. Katniss is being taken to Peeta, who looks emaciated but is otherwise fine. She tries to hug him, but he suddenly assaults her and chokes her within an inch of her life; Boggs can just barely knock him unconscious. Katniss awakes, badly bruised. Heavensbee tells her that Peeta has been 'hi-jacked': through psychological torture and hallucinatory tracker jacker venom, he has been conditioned to experience nothing but fear and hatred at the sight of Katniss, hoping she would die by his hands as Snow's ultimate revenge. They will start to work on him, but his recovery, if any, will be long and arduous. As Coin announces the successful liberation of the prisoners to the people of District 13, and expresses her hope that the Districts will now unite against their mutual oppressor, Katniss sneaks into the medical facility where Peeta is being treated, and realizes to her horror that he is kept in isolation, completely psychotic and screaming in agony. To be continued...... After the end credits, the Mockingjay logo from The Hunger Games appears, turns into the Mockingjay logo from The Hunger Games: Catching fire, and then turns into the Mockingjay logo from The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1..... to finally transform into the free and flying Mockingjay logo in the book. 
 The Hunger Games: Catching Fire (2013)541) Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark become targets of the Capitol after their victory in the 74th Hunger Games sparks a rebellion in the Districts of Panem. Twelve months after winning the 74th Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen and her partner Peeta Mellark must go on what is known as the Victor's Tour, wherein they visit all the districts, but before leaving, Katniss is visited by President Snow who fears that Katniss defied him a year ago during the games when she chose to die with Peeta. With both Katniss and Peeta declared the winners, it is fueling a possible uprising. He tells Katniss that while on tour she better try to make sure that she puts out the flames or else everyone she cares about will be in danger. rcs0411@yahoo.com Katniss and Peeta's unprecedented co-victory in the 74th Hunger Games stirs an uprising. President Snow visits Katniss to threaten the lives of everyone she knows and holds dear if she doesn't do all she can to toe the line and quell the unrest. As her best efforts fail, Plutarch Heavensbee (a former games-master, now returned) meets with Snow to implement a Quarter Quell, by which to gather all former Hunger Game victors and have them eliminate each other. Katniss and Peeta end up in the Quarter Quell but must form alliances in order to survive; however, those with whom Katniss prefers to ally herself seem to be for emotional rather than tactical reasons. statmanjeff After defying the Capitol on national television, Katniss has to attempt to control an uprising stirring in the districts. When President Snow puts her family and friends in jeopardy Katniss knows she has no choice but to follow Snow's orders. Then he turns Katniss and Peeta's world upside by throwing them back into the arena with other winning tributes and there will only be one winner. Katniss plans to sacrifice her own life to save Peeta's. molly-field Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Six months after winning the 74th Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark have resumed their life in the coal mining town in District 12. As part of their victory, they now have a luxurious house in the so-called Victor's Village, where Katniss lives with her mother and sister. On the day Katniss and Peeta are set to begin a victory tour of the country, President Coriolanus Snow visits her. He explains that her approach to ending the last Hunger Games, where she and Peeta attempted a suicide pact after learning they could not both survive, inspired rebellions in the districts. He orders that Katniss not only convince the entire country of her and Peeta's love as the reason for their actions, but convince Snow himself as well; if not, her loved ones will be killed, and District 12 will be destroyed, just as District 13 was during the uprising years ago. The first stop of the tour is in District 11, former home of Rue, Katniss' 12-year-old ally who was killed in the previous games. After Katniss and Peeta voice their personal thoughts regarding both the districts' fallen tributes, a man in the crowd whistles the tune Katniss and Rue shared to ensure each another of their safety, and makes the three-finger salute of District 12. Everyone follows the man's example until a Peacekeeper shoots the man dead, leaving Katniss angry, afraid, and upset. Their mentor, Haymitch Abernathy, informs Katniss and Peeta that they must display their relationship for the remainder of their lives. Katniss proposes a public engagement between herself and Peeta, which is carried out and celebrated at Snow's home in the Capitol. There, Katniss meets with the new Game-maker, Plutarch Heavensbee, who has specifically requested the position, in spite of his predecessor, Seneca Crane, ending up dead due to his inability to control the ending of the previous Hunger Games. Upon returning to District 12, Katniss warns her close friend, Gale Hawthorne, of President Snow's threat to kill both their families. In the meanwhile, Heavensbee assists President Snow in his efforts to quell the uprising in the District. His strategy is to taint Katniss' public image, in an attempt to destroy her as symbol for the uprising. To that end, Peacekeepers crack down in District 12, causing Gale to be publicly whipped after attacking newly placed Head Peacekeeper Romulus Thread. However, Katniss and Haymitch intervene, making them even stronger advocates for rebellion. That evening, Snow devises a different strategy; if Katniss refuses to play by his rules, he will get rid of her by other means. He announces Panem's third Quarter Quell, a version of the Hunger Games every 25 years that contains a special provision: all tributes are selected from the existing pool of victors. Since Katniss is the only surviving female victor of District 12, this means she is a tribute by default. She immediately devotes herself to ensuring Peeta becomes the Quarter Quell's victor, should he compete in the games. At the reaping, Katniss and Haymitch are reaped by chaperon Effie Trinket. However, Peeta volunteers to take Haymitch's place and is sent directly to the train with Katniss, without a chance to say goodbye to their loved ones. This also cancels their wedding, which was supposed to take place the next day. Katniss and Peeta are taken to the capital city, ride the parade again and are forced into training. They meet their fellow victors from the other Districts. The two of them are immediately wanted as allies by the majority of the tributes, although some of them are old, weak or ill-suited for the physical match. Still, she finds that some of them, while lacking in brute strength, may have valuable surviving skills. During their individual evaluations, Peeta creates a drawing of a deceased Rue covered in flowers on the floor; an emotion-stricken Katniss creates a puppet in the likeness of Seneca Crane, and suspends it by its neck on the ceiling, as a a warning to a stunned Heavensbee. During the personal interviews with Caesar Flickerman, Katniss wears a wedding dress (as ordered to by President Snow). As a special effect, her designer Cinna has designed it to turn into a costume resembling a Mockingjay, which has become a symbol of silent protest against the Capitol. When it is time for Peeta's interview, he reveals (falsely) that Katniss is pregnant, which incites an overwhelming reaction from the public to cancel the game; however, President Snow orders that the game proceed anyway. Before entering the arena, as the pedestal rises, Katniss witnesses Thread and his men entering the room and beating Cinna to death, in punishment over his controversial dress design for Katniss. Katniss is devastated, but unable to stop them. She ends up in the arena, which is a tropical forrest with a central salt water lake, with an island in the middle containing the Cornucopia. The games start in the usual chaotic way, with most tributes going for weapons at the Cornucopia, resulting in a lot of initial deaths. Katniss and Peeta manage to survive the first wave of killings, and hide inside the forrest. Snow hopes that Katniss will kill and betray as many other tributes as possible to stay alive, and thereby make herself unpopular. However, as the games get underway, Katniss and Peeta ally with Finnick Odair and Mags, both from District 4. They find that the arena is a dome protected by electrical orcefields; Peeta nearly dies after hitting the field, but is resussitated by Finnick. Later that night, they are attacked by a chemical weapon made up of a fog of painful poisonous gas. Mags sacrifices herself early on, allowing the others to escape. The remaining trio rests in the middle of the forest where they are attacked by mandrills. During the attack the woman from District 6, a camouflage expert and drug addict, sacrifices her life for Peeta. After they escape the mandrills and rest at the beach, they are met by District 3's intelligent tributes, Wiress and Beetee, and District 7's female tribute, the cunning Johanna Mason. Johanna tells about how her group was surprised by a rain of blood, causing them to become blinded, and one tribute getting killed by an electric forcefield. The group subsequently witnesses a large flooding, killing an unknown tribute in one section on the other side of the jungle. Wiress discovers that the arena is designed like a clock and every hour a specific attack occurs in its designated section. The other group of tributes then launches a suprise attack, causing several deaths in both teams, including Wiress. Heavensbee causes the Cornucopia island to start spinning violently. The spinning causes the team to break apart. Finnick and Katniss make it to the jungle, to be subsequently lured into the woods by screams from their respective girlfriend and sister; however, it appears that they are fooled by jabberjays, genetically engineered birds that mimic the sounds of human voices. They re-group with the others. Beetee suggests a plan to electrocute the two remaining tributes outside the alliance, District 2's Brutus and Enobaria, by connecting a wire to a tree that is struck by lightning at noon and midnight each day. Beetee secures the wire to the tree, and Katniss and Johanna are required to take the other end back to the beach. The plan fails when the wire snaps, cut by Brutus and Enobaria, who are ready to kill Katniss. However, Johanna suddenly attacks Katniss, but cuts the tracker out of her arm and smears blood on her neck. With Katniss appearing dead, Johanna lures the other tributes away. After recovering enough to track down Peeta, Katniss finds the rest missing and Beetee unconscious. Finnick approaches and Katniss draws her bow, no longer knowing who she can trust, but hesitates to shoot. The storm clouds swirl and the lightning bolt starts to form. She quickly attaches the remaining wire to an arrow and shoots it at the force field during the lightning strike. This causes a massive blackout in the dome, and the arena to shut down. President Snow enters the game room demanding answers, only to find that the game is off the air and Heavensbee is gone. Due to the impact of the electric blast, Katniss is near unconsciousness, but witnesses the arena dome starting to crumble. In her last waking moment, she notices an aircraft entering and picking her up. She awakens in an aircraft with an unconscious Beetee. Upon entering the cockpit she finds Haymitch, Finnick and Plutarch Heavensbee, who reveals himself as an ally and a turncoat-rebel against Snow. Learning she is on her way to District 13, and Johanna and Peeta were taken away by the Capitol, she attempts to attack Haymitch for not fulfilling his promise of returning Peeta home safely. Plutarch sedates her and she awakens days later with Gale by her side, who informs that her family is safe but District 12 has been destroyed by a government airstrike. 
 Love & Mercy (2014)651) In the 60s, Beach Boys leader Brian Wilson struggles with emerging psychosis as he attempts to craft his avant-garde pop masterpiece. In the 80s, he is a broken, confused man under the 24-hour watch of shady therapist Dr. Eugene Landy. Brian Wilson is the creative soul of The Beach Boys , but he paid a heavy price for his talent. That especially shows during his peak artistic years in the 1960s, as his inner demons and obsessions trying to please his abusive father drive him to a mental breakdown that would plague him for years. In the 1980s, with Brian barely functional under the domination of the unscrupulous Dr. Landy, Brian meets and falls in love with Melinda Ledbetter. As their relationship grows, she observes Brian's crippling subservience to the abusive psychotherapist with growing alarm. Ultimately, she must take action with a love willing to stand up to oppression she cannot ignore. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Two periods in the life of Brian Wilson , a founding member and one of the seen driving forces of The Beach Boys , is presented. The first is the mid-1960s, during the height of The Beach Boys ' fame. The band has recently fired their manager, Brian's father Murry Wilson , a domineering man whose abuse of Brian when he was a child would have profound effect on him, and who would wield his influence on Brian and the band despite his firing. Rather than go on tour with the band to Japan, Brian instead decides to remain in the studio to prepare for their next album. He does not want to continue with the same "California beach" sound that made them famous, but instead listen to and experiment with the new sounds going through his head, a move that ultimately would not sit well with the rest of his bandmates, who would see the move as self-indulgent. The second is the mid-1980s, when he is under the care of Eugene Landy, who is his legal guardian and thus who controls everything in Brian's life. Gene, who has diagnosed Brian as a paranoid schizophrenic, has made Brian cut ties with everyone in his family, including both his former bandmates, but also his two daughters. It is during this period that Brian would also meet and begin a relationship with Melinda Ledbetter , a Cadillac salesperson. As she spends more and more time with Brian, Melinda begins to question Gene's role in Brian's life, he seemingly doing things for his own benefit rather than Brian's overall well-being. Huggo The film alternates between the 1960s and the 1980s. The early time line begins with a young Brian Wilson (Paul Dano) suffering a panic attack on an airplane. It is agreed with the rest of The Beach Boys that Brian will no longer tour with them and will instead focus on composition and studio work. Despite resistance from some of his band-mates, Brian completes the Pet Sounds album. It is a critical hit, but sales are underwhelming. LSD is supplied to Brian by a coterie of hippie vagrants who praise him as a "genius", and his mental health subsequently worsens. After the success of a new single, "Good Vibrations", he fails to complete the album Smile, his would-be masterpiece. As Brian's band-mates record their next record without him, he learns that his father has illegitimately sold the publishing rights to the Beach Boys' songs. This time line ends with Brian apathetic and detached from life.. The film alternates between the 1960s and the 1980s. The early timeline begins with a young Brian Wilson (Paul Dano) suffering a panic attack on an airplane. It is agreed with the rest of The Beach Boys that Brian will no longer tour with them and will instead focus on composition and studio work. Despite resistance from some of his bandmates, Brian completes the Pet Sounds album. It is a critical hit, but sales are underwhelming. LSD is supplied to Brian by a coterie of hippie vagrants who praise him as a "genius", and his mental health subsequently worsens. After the success of a new single, "Good Vibrations", he fails to complete the album Smile, his would-be masterpiece. As Brian's bandmates record their next record without him, he learns that his father has sold the publishing rights to the Beach Boys' songs without their knowledge. This timeline ends with Brian apathetic and detached from life. In the 1980s, an older and heavily medicated Brian (John Cusack) meets Melinda Ledbetter (Elizabeth Banks), a Cadillac saleswoman. She begins a relationship with him, but is disturbed by the controlling influence Brian's therapist and legal guardian Dr. Eugene Landy (Paul Giamatti) has over Brian's life. Eventually, she disengages from the relationship, but not before providing evidence to Brian's family that Landy has been made a beneficiary in his will. This leads to a restraining order being taken out to prevent Landy from seeing Brian, who begins a new and more appropriate course of treatment. A few years later Brian bumps into Ledbetter again while walking across an intersection, and they eventually get married. The credit roll displays a live performance by Wilson of "Love and Mercy." Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie takes place in two different times. The 1960s and late 1980s and it goes back and forth. In the 1960s, there are scenes of The Beach Boys in the studio recording their music. At a party, Brian Wilson (Paul Dano) tells his brothers that he doesn't want to go on tour with them this time, but wants to stay home writing music. They agree to let him do this. He assures them that it will be great. He plays part of God Only Knows for his father who is their former manager before he was fired. Brian wants him to tell him the truth, and his father just tells him the song isn't good. In the studio Brian works with the musicians on Wouldn't It Be Nice and God Only Knows. They all agree that he is a musical genius. When the other band members return home and begin recording, his cousin Mike Love (Jake Abel) is the one to stand up and say that the music isn't good - it's mostly the other musicians playing instruments and they hardly do anything at all. He's not happy with Brian. They have more strife as time goes on. Brian and the other band members aside from Mike are heavily into drugs and LSD. Brian begins hearing voices. Eventually his music and lyrics don't even make sense. During one session, after they all got high, he goes to piano and plays some chords for Mike which becomes Good Vibrations. At a dinner party with his wife and friends, they are celebrating the success of the song when he has an episode. All the sounds of utensils and in his head put him over the edge. His brothers are worried about him as he lays almost comatose in a chair on their balcony. One day in the studio Brian's father comes and tells him that he sold all the music rights for $750,000. Towards the end, we see that Brian has a complete breakdown and stays in bed for three years (which he tells Melinda later). ----------------------- In the 1980s, Brian (John Cusack) goes to a Cadillac dealership and meets Melinda Ledbetter (Elizabeth Banks), a car saleswoman. He acts very strange tells her he wants the car right from the show room. She doesn't know who he is but then his doctor and guardian Dr. Eugene "Gene" Landy (Paul Giamatti) shows up and tells her. Brian leaves her a note that says "Lonely. Scared. Frightened." Brian calls Melinda and asks her out on a date. When he picks her up he is accompanied by Gene, his bodyguard, and their entourage. They are there whenever they go out together. One night at dinner Brian tells Melinda about how his father used to beat him and it caused him to be 99% deaf in one ear. Another time they go to his house in Malibu on the beach. He plays her a tune he just wrote for her in that moment. They seem like they are about to kiss when they are interrupted by Gene telling him he has to take his pills. They go outside to eat hamburgers and Brian, who is highly medicated, keeps saying how hungry he is. Gene yells at him and tells him that Melinda must eat first. She takes one bite and Brian takes the rest, which she laughs at. Gene begins screaming at him must to her dismay. She goes to visit Gene who tells her Brian is a paranoid schizophrenic and he has to take care of him. Gene is out of control, but there's not much she can do. On another date they go on his boat without Gene, but his son is driving the boat. For some privacy they jump off into the water and swim to shore. They make love and after a few hours Brian freaks out saying she has to leave the house, but not his life, because of Gene coming over. Melinda goes to see him one day and he is completely out of it, drugged out of his mind sitting on a piano bench. Gloria, the housekeeper, pulls her aside and shows her a gigantic jar of pills that she stole because Gene gives him way too much. Everyone is afraid of him though. Gene comes out and tells Melinda that she cannot see him anymore. One of the people who travels with Gene and Brian goes to see Melinda. He tells her that Brian wants to see her, away from Gene. He takes her to the studio where Brian is waiting. She tells him that he can walk out of there (Gene is trying to get him to record an album) and away from Gene. They look ready to do it, when Gene shows up. Brian decides he cannot do it and she leaves. Melinda meets with Gloria and tells her that she loves Brian very much, but can't be selfish and want to be with him. However she cannot leave him in that house with Gene. She tells Gloria she needs something on Gene so they can get him away from him. Gloria finds the power of attorney paperwork which has been manipulated by him. Melinda calls Brian's mother and talks to his brother Carl telling them how Brian needs them (he hasn't talked to them in 3 years or his daughters in 2 years as per Gene's orders). Gene shows up at the car dealership to verbally attack Melinda and is served with court papers. He then does verbally attack her through her office door, but leaves when she opens it. Time goes by and while driving one day Melinda almost hits Brian as he walks against the light in the street. They talk and he convinces her to drive him to see his childhood home. When they get there however we see it has been turned into a highway which he didn't know. He tells her that Gene is gone and he wants to be with her. We find out that Gene had his license revoked and Brian had been wrongfully diagnosed and was now getting proper treatment. Brian and Melinda married in 1995 and have five children. 