nm0005159:

 Heat (1995)541) A group of high-end professional thieves start to feel the heat from the LAPD when they unknowingly leave a clue at their latest heist. Hunters and their prey--Neil and his professional criminal crew hunt to score big money targets (banks, vaults, armored cars) and are, in turn, hunted by Lt. Vincent Hanna and his team of cops in the Robbery/Homicide police division. A botched job puts Hanna onto their trail while they regroup and try to put together one last big 'retirement' score. Neil and Vincent are similar in many ways, including their troubled personal lives. At a crucial moment in his life, Neil disobeys the dictum taught to him long ago by his criminal mentor--'Never have anything in your life that you can't walk out on in thirty seconds flat, if you spot the heat coming around the corner'--as he falls in love. Thus the stage is set for the suspenseful ending.... Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> Neil McCauley leads a group of professional bank robbers, taking down major scores around LA. However after their latest heist goes terribly wrong and ends up in homicide, Det. Vincent Hannah finds a clue and becomes obsessed with the case determined to stop McCauley's crew. Hannah and McCauley are competing against each other in a deadly cat-and-mouse game. Although they are on different sides of the law, they still find huge respect, recognition in each others troubled personal lives and they understand each others motivations - however this won't make them hesitate to do whatever they can to win the battle between them two in this crime saga. Julian Olin In Los Angeles, a gang of armed thieves is hitting serious targets - major banks, vaults, and armored cars. These thieves are led by arch-criminal Neal MacAuley. One of their operations, an armored-car robbery, goes bad and the armored-car guards are murdered by the gunmen - putting LAPD homicide detective Vince Hanna on the trail of the thieves. Hanna knows it will take a lot to bring these dangerous, armed thieves down, and it will end in a horrifying gun battle when the thieves try to rob a major federal bank... Derek O'Cain Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An inbound Los Angeles Blue Line train pulls in to Firestone light rail station, and professional thief Neil McCauley (Robert De Niro) exits, disguised as a paramedic. He enters a nearby hospital, where the uniform allows him to walk through the emergency room unnoticed. He registers the activity going on around him as he travels down the hall holding a clipboard, acting like just another employee as he drives off in a Goodhew ambulance. At a construction supplier, one of Neil's associates, Chris Shiherlis (Val Kilmer), purchases some explosive charges, showing a valid driver's license, and pays in cash when the clerk asks him how he wants to pay. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Vincent Hanna (Al Pacino), a robbery-homicide detective for the Los Angeles Police Department, after having sex with his wife Justine (Diane Verona), leaves for work. Just after he leaves, his 15-year-old stepdaughter, Lauren (Natalie Portman), suffers a slight breakdown in front of her mother while she's preparing to meet her father. This same day, Neil, Shiherlis, and three other men, Trejo (Danny Trejo), Waingro (Kevin Gage), and Michael Cheritto (Tom Sizemore), carry out the robbery of a Gage armored car. Neil and Shiherlis, wearing paramedic uniforms, station the stolen ambulance on Venice Boulevard just east of the Interstate 10/Interstate 110 overpass. While this happens, Waingro is picked up at a caf by Cheritto in a stolen green big rig tow truck. As they drive towards the scheduled ambush point, Waingro tries to make conversation with Cheritto, who merely asks for him to shut up. Waingro is quite agitated at the order. They park their truck underneath the highway at a 90 degree angle to the street. Trejo tails the armored car as it leaves the depot and radios in its location as it gets closer to them. When Trejo radios back that the armored car is 300 yards away, Neil, Shiherlis, Cheritto and Waingro slip on hockey goalie masks to conceal their faces. They then move their vehicles into position. Neil puts the ambulance in drive, activates the lights and siren, and starts to execute a three-point turn to block the armored car as it approaches from the west on Venice Boulevard, while Cheritto floors the gas pedal of the tow truck. The armored car stops, its path obstructed by Neil. The two guards in the back are reading their newspapers, oblivious to what is about to happen. As he waits, the driver looks left and his eyes go wide when he sees the tow truck bearing down on him. The tow truck rams the armored car at full speed, and the impact partially caves in the truck's grille, while the armored car turns over and slides 50 feet on its passenger side into a car dealership parking lot. As the dust settles, the robbers climb out of their vehicles carrying assault rifles and pistols and take up positions around the overturned truck as one of the guards makes a radio call for help. Hearing a dispatch call for a "211" (armed robbery) on his police scanner, Trejo radios to the others that they have three minutes, and Neil starts a stopwatch. Shiherlis sets off an explosive charge to blow open the back doors. Neil and Cheritto then climb into the armored car and drag out the now-deaf and shaken guards, and hand them over to Waingro, who holds the them at bay on the sidewalk with a pistol. While Neil and Cheritto cover the street, Trejo runs a spike strip across the street to stop any police that pursue them, and Shiherlis searches the truck for several envelopes. When Neil yells that they have eighty seconds remaining on the clock, Waingro suddenly gets aggressive and pistol-whips the first guard, who can't hear Waingro's order to back up. Cheritto harshly admonishes Waingro, calling him "Slick." Once Shiherlis has found the specific envelope the crew is after, he exits the back of the truck and the men begin to head back to the ambulance and move out. Waingro mutters something about the guard challenging him and suddenly shoots the first guard in the face, killing him instantly. The second guard tries to reach for a backup revolver in his ankle holster, but Neil shoots him with an automatic rifle. The guard is thrown back against the armored car and crumples dead. Cheritto holds his rifle on the last guard, looking to Neil with approval. With a slight nod from Neil, Cheritto aims his rifle at the guard, and shoots him twice in the chest. He then steps forward and shoots the guard again in the head. They then run back to the ambulance, removing their masks as Trejo drives. Neil is quite angry at Waingro for shooting the 1st guard, Waingro insisting the man was making a move to stop them. As the crew speeds away from the scene, the first police cars come speeding towards the scene from the other direction. The first three units are unable to see the spike strip in time, blow out their tires, and crash into each other. The police officers jump out of the cars and run over, frantically signalling the units right behind them to stop just in the nick of time. As the police descend on the area, Neil and his crew pile out of the ambulance a few blocks away and climb into a nearby station wagon. Shiherlis plants a firebomb in the back of the ambulance that destroys their weapons and gear as they drive away. That evening, Neil meets in a parking garage with Nate (Jon Voight), his money-laundering expert. Nate tells Neil that the envelope they stole contains hundreds of millions in bearer bonds from a company called Malibu Equity & Investments, owned by a crooked entrepreneur named Roger Van Zant (William Fichtner). Nate agrees to set up a meeting where Van Zant will send someone with cash to exchange for the bonds. Nate tells Neil of another job offered by a man named Kelso, that will bring in at least $10 million. Neil agrees to meet with Kelso (Tom Noonan). Nate also asks Neil what went wrong with the heist, but Neil refuses to talk about it. At the scene of the heist, Hanna arrives and begins investigating. With Hanna are his team of detectives, Detective Casals (Wes Studi), Detective Bosko (Ted Levine), Sgt. Drucker, (Mykelti Williamson) and Det. Schwartz (Jerry Trimble). The vehicles left at the scene of the robbery have been identified - the big rig was reported stolen out of Fresno two weeks earlier and Trejo's pickup truck out of Whittier two days prior to the robbery. Other than that, there are no leads -- only a nickname, "Slick", dropped by Cheritto, was heard by a homeless man across the street. Hanna is able to recount the heist itself quite accurately, noting that those who committed it are definitely professionals. He orders his team to begin talking to their informants and fences to find out who might be handling the money. He also charges Casals with running the name "Slick" as an alias to the FBI, knowing that it likely won't lead anywhere but wants it checked anyway. At a truck stop diner in a different part of town, the rest of the crew and Waingro wait for Neil, who shows up. He tells them all that Waingro has forfeited his share of the heist and he beats him briefly in full view of the other diners. Neil is nervous because of the killings of the three guards which will warrant a deeper investigation by the LAPD's robbery/homicide unit. As they all leave, Neil suddenly hits Waingro, and throws him to the pavement with the intention of killing him. He is about to shoot Waingro with his pistol when Cheritto yells for him to stop. He has spotted a police car on the street. They watch nervously, hoping the police officers haven't noticed them. There is a sigh of relief when the police car suddenly activates its lights and siren, makes a u-turn, and drives away. When Neil looks back, Waingro has vanished. He and the others search the immediate area, but find no sign of him. At his home, Chris gets into a heated argument with his wife, Charlene (Ashley Judd) about the amount of money he's brought home from the heist -- it's considerably less than Charlene was expecting. Chris tells her he'd paid off his bookies. When she challenges him on his gambling problem, he tells her she can leave and storms out. The next morning, Hanna and Drucker bust in on the chop shop of Albert Torena (Ricky Harris), one of Hanna's informants. After a tense conversation where Hanna intimidates Albert and threatens him with jail time, Albert tells Hanna that his brother Richard will meet with Neil at a club in Koreatown at 2 AM with a possible lead in the case. Neil meets with Nate's associate, Kelso (Tom Noonan). Kelso tells Neil about a new potential heist - the main downtown branch of the Far East National Bank collects hard currency for distribution to its other branches. On certain days of the week, the bank holds at least $10 million. Neil scoffs at the idea at first; it would be impossible for his team to rob the bank without at least one employee setting off an alarm that the police would respond to rapidly. Kelso, a computer hacker himself, tells Neil that he knows how to reprogram the alarm system to shut itself down 15 minutes before they arrive. Neil agrees to take the job and Nate gives him Van Zant's business number. Neil returns to his Spartan oceanside apartment and finds Chris sleeping on his living room floor. Neil makes him coffee and asks him what's going wrong with his personal life and his marriage. Chris explains a few things and Neil reminds him of an inmate they knew in Folsom who's longtime mantra was not to have anything serious enough in their personal lives that they can't leave behind in a hurry ("30 seconds flat") if they know they'll be caught as criminals. Neil tells Chris they're going to get their money from Van Zant for the bearer bonds they'd stolen and then take Kelso's bank job. Neil sets up arrangements to transfer the bonds. A few days after the armored car robbery, he calls Roger Van Zant at a payphone and tells him to have one of his employees call him back with an arranged meeting point to exchange the bearer bonds for cash. While he's on hold, Neil notices Charlene (Ashley Judd), Shiherlis' wife, at a cheap hotel with another man, Alan Marciano (Hank Azaria). One of Van Zant's bookies calls back to inform Neil that the meeting will be tomorrow at a drive-in movie theater. Afterward, Neil confronts Charlene, warning her to give Chris one last chance. Hanna goes to the club in Koreatown Torena mentioned, and talks to Richard who tells him that he was incarcerated with a man whom he saw outside prison recently who pulls off large heists, getting Cheritto's name. He calls his unit immediately and tells them to set up extensive surveillance on everyone Cheritto associates with. Neil goes to the drive-in theater where Van Zant has arranged to make the exchange. The drop man arrives shortly thereafter in a pickup truck. Neil orders the driver to hold his hands up to prove that he is not holding any weapons, and then instructs the man to toss the package with his right hand into Neil's shotgun seat. Unbeknownst to Neil, an assassin armed with a machine pistol is hiding in the back of the pickup and preparing to kill him. As the assassin creeps up to the passenger's side window of Neil's car and aims his gun, Shiherlis, armed with a rifle and stationed on the rooftop of the projection building, spots him and gives Neil a warning through his headset. The next moments happen in an instant: Neil looks in his rear-view mirror, sees the assassin, and instantly floors the car in reverse, crushing the assassin against the pickup and injuring his leg. Shiherlis rolls over once, aims his rifle, and fires at the pickup truck. Bullets hit the windshield, splintering it, and the truck pulls forward. The assassin, struggling to regain his footing, fires a wild burst at Neil's car, and Neil fires back through his windshield with his pistol. Now with a clean opening, Shiherlis draws a bead on the assassin and shoots him in the back. The hit spins the assassin around, at which point Neil fires another round that hits him in the chest, before his car runs over the assassin, killing him. Just as the driver is about to reach the exit, Cheritto steps out from behind the fence and kills him by emptying a shotgun into the truck. The now driverless and bullet-riddled truck rolls to a stop against the berm. As they leave, Neil examines the package and finds nothing but scrap paper. Neil later calls Van Zant and tells him to forget about the payment and very slyly threatens to kill him. What Neil, Shiherlis and Cheritto do not realize is that in this time, Waingro has started to work for Van Zant. Nor do they know that the guard Waingro shot in the armored car robbery is not Waingro's first victim: he is a serial killer who kills young prostitutes. Later, while at a party with his fellow detectives, Hanna is called away to a motel where one of Waingro's victims has been found stuffed into a garbage can by a pool. Hanna is exasperated upon learning that the dead girl's family has shown up. When the distraught mother arrives, Hanna stops her from seeing her daughter's body and holds her while she wails. Neil and his men begin to pull another heist at a precious metals repository. Cheritto deactivates the alarm system above the ground on a utility pole and Shiherlis begins to crack a safe inside, while Neil himself stands guard out front watching for trouble. Across the street, hidden in moving vans, Hanna, his detectives, and a SWAT team, observe the scene, watching Neil stand guard, on infrared monitoring equipment. While they watch, one of the SWAT team members in Hanna's van sits down, banging his rifle against the wall of the truck. Neil, standing watch outside, hears the noise. He looks right in the direction of the police surveillance trucks. Realizing they're being watched, he quickly enters the repository and orders Shiherlis and Cheritto to withdraw, to Shiherlis' chagrin. The three men leave empty-handed and Hanna orders the SWAT officers on the stakeout to let the crew go, as he knows that simple breaking-and-entering would carry a shorter sentence than outright theft would. A short time later, Hanna and his team observe Neil, Cheritto and Shiherlis seemingly casing another job near a shipyard. When Neil and his guys leave, Hanna and his men go to the scene and try to figure out what Neil's next heist will be. They determine that there's nothing worth stealing from any of the businesses in the immediate area. Suddenly, Hanna has an epiphany; he realizes that Neil's casing of the area was a ruse to lure himself and his crew out in the open. Neil, from a high vantage point on a cargo crane, takes pictures of the detectives with a high-powered camera. With the pictures, Neil is able, through Nate, to identify Hanna and his men. When Neil meets with Nate to pick up the schematics for Kelso's bank heist, Nate tells him about Vincent, who has a long and successful history of taking down major criminals and that Vincent "admires" Neil. Neil decides that the heist is still worth the risk. Vincent returns to his house & finds that his wife is gone. Vincent decides to join a surveillance team trailing Neil in unmarked cars and a helicopter on an LA freeway. Vincent is taken to one of the ground units and pulls Neil over, seemingly on a routine traffic violation. He cheerfully invites Neil to join him at a nearby restaurant where they both reflect on their own personal lives. During their meeting Hanna says that while he may not like it, he will kill McCauley if need be to prevent the latter from killing an innocent. McCauley points out the "flip side" by saying that he will not hesitate to kill if the cops box him in. McCauley also explains the purpose of his "30 seconds" creed by saying he never wants to go back to prison. The best-laid plans of the thieves for the bank heist are being secretly thwarted behind the scenes by Waingro. Waingro has been laying low since Neil's attempt on his life at the truck stop; he eventually meets Van Zant after looking for criminal work in a biker bar after one of his prostitute killings. Waingro leads Van Zant to Trejo, who calls Neil and tells him that the police are following him. Neil tells Trejo to head in the opposite direction to throw the police off them. When Neil receives the call, he, Shiherlis and Cheritto are eating at a local diner. Neil has just spotted an old prison friend of his behind the grill - an ex-con named Donald Breedan (Dennis Haysbert), who is currently frustrated with his job as a short-order cook, especially since the manager is a jerk who treats him like dirt and extorts part of his pay. Neil approaches Breedan and offers to give him the job of getaway driver as a last-minute substitute for Trejo. Given how much he hates his boss, Breedan simply cannot refuse Neil's offer and quits, pausing momentarily to throw his slimy and oppressive boss to the floor. With his wife being beaten and raped by Waingro and Van Zant's crew, Trejo is forced to reveal Neil's latest plans. One of Van Zant's subordinates, a police informant named Hugh Benny (Henry Rollins), then tips off the police as to which bank Neil plans to hit. At 11:30 A.M., Neil's enters the Far East National Bank downtown. While Breedan waits in the car, Neil, Cheritto and Shiherlis take up strategic positions inside the bank's lobby wearing business suits to hide their weapons and spare magazines. They enter through different doors to avoid raising suspicion. Once inside the lobby, they take up positions near lobby guards. Neil and Cheritto station themselves at either end of the lobby, while Shiherlis waits in line at a teller's desk. Cheritto gives a small cough, signaling for him and Neil to slip on their ski masks. At that point, Shiherlis sets down a briefcase at the teller's desk, then suddenly whirls around and hits the guard closest to him with a small sap, and tackles him to the floor. Simultaneously, Neil and Cheritto whip out assault rifles, order everyone in the bank to get on the floor, and disarm the other guards by binding their hands behind their backs with zip ties and then removing their service weapons. Neil stands atop the teller windows and informs the customers that they are not going to be hurt and they won't lose their own money because it's insured by the federal government. He then punches an uncooperative bank manager in the mouth, grabs the man's vault key, and hands it to Shiherlis. While Neil and Cheritto guard the lobby, Shiherlis unlocks the double doors to the vault, unloads a set of empty gym bags, and begins packing the money into them. The money sheets are packed so tightly that Shiherlis has to cut the wrapping open with a folding knife to fit them in. Shiherlis loads three bags, each one containing $4 million - two for Neil and one for himself. Neil relays one bag over to Cheritto in the lobby, who removes his ski mask, dons a set of sunglasses and begins to walk out. Meanwhile, at LAPD headquarters, a detective receives a phone call from Hugh Benny about Neil and his crew planning to rob the bank and quickly relays it to Casals who shouts out the location and all of the officers, Hanna included, race to the bank. When they arrive, they see that Neil and his crew have already begun to exit the bank. Hanna orders everyone to capture them in the car and to watch their backgrounds if they have to begin shooting. At the bank, Neil and his crew quietly leave the bank carrying their bags over their shoulders. Cheritto walks across the plaza to the getaway car where Breedan waits, climbs into the backseat, and laughs as he pats Breedan's shoulder. Once Cheritto has gotten into the car, Neil walks across the plaza and climbs into the shotgun seat. The last to cross the plaza is Shiherlis. Just as Shiherlis reaches the getaway car, a U-Haul truck moves and he spots an armed Drucker and Casals standing across the street. Shiherlis immediately raises his rifle and opens fire on Drucker and Casals. As bystanders dive for cover, Hanna and Bosko, stationed just up the sidewalk, open fire on Shiherlis. Cheritto fires a burst out the left passenger window, and Shiherlis turns and fires at Hanna and Bosko. Despite wearing a bulletproof vest, Bosko suddenly falls when a bullet hits him in the neck and is killed almost instantly. Shiherlis then gets into the car as Hanna checks Bosko's pulse. Breedan starts to pull away from the curb, tires screeching, as Shiherlis fires a burst out the rear window. Drucker and Casals break cover and run down the street. Cheritto fires at them through a side window. Seeing a police roadblock forming ahead of them, Neil fires through the front windshield. Sprinting to the street corner, Drucker raises his shotgun and shoots out the getaway car's left rear tire. As Breedan tries to regain control of the car, Drucker and Casals open up on the car. Breedan is killed when a bullet strikes him in the head, and the getaway car rear-ends an abandoned vehicle. Neil, Shiherlis and Cheritto get out of their car as police officers behind the roadblock begin firing pistols and shotguns at them, and open fire. Hanna and his remaining detectives, pursuing on foot, fire on the three robbers from behind as they exchange fire with the police officers, whose only cover is a chain of six police cars. Several of the officers manning the roadblock are wounded. Neil, Cheritto and Shiherlis fire back at Hanna's men, providing suppressing fire for each other as they advance up the street, while the others shoot at the blockade, riddling the police cars with bullet holes. Cheritto manages to shoot one of Hanna's other detectives, Schwartz (Jerry Trimble), and becomes separated from Neil and Shiherlis. Shiherlis reaches the roadblock first, and while firing at a police car has failed to check to his left. Casals spots Chris and shoots him in the shoulder. Neil fires another suppressing burst at the police cars, bringing down another officer, then slings the wounded Shiherlis over his shoulder and carries him toward a grocery store parking lot. As Neil makes his way across the parking lot, two officers - one carrying a shotgun and another carrying a pistol - come running around the corner. Neil fires a burst at the officers. At that point, Hanna comes running around. Neil fires another burst, and the shotgun-wielding officer is hit in the chest. Hanna is pinned down as Neil continues firing at him. With a clean opening, he fires four times at Neil, but misses. Neil promptly returns fire, and Hanna is unable to fire back because of civilians running around in front of him trying to avoid Neil's gunfire. By the time he has a clean aim, Hanna can only watch as Neil puts Shiherlis into the backseat of an abandoned station wagon, climbs into the front seat, backs out onto the street (pushing another car with it), and drives off. Hanna hears more shots and takes off running towards the sound. The noise is Cheritto, who is being chased by Drucker and Casals. As Cheritto exchanges fire with them, Hanna arrives. As bystanders flee a nearby plaza, a little girl remains behind. Cheritto then trips in a water fountain, gets back up, and grabs the little girl as a human shield. He then opens fire on Drucker and Casals with his rifle. Hanna runs over, takes up a position behind Cheritto, and draws a bead on him. Hanna waits until Cheritto turns around towards him, giving him a clean aim. When Cheritto turns around, he has only a split second to realize he has forgotten to check his surroundings before Hanna fires, the bullet hitting Cheritto flush in the forehead, killing him instantly. Hanna then grabs the little girl and carries her away as Drucker, Casals, and two uniformed officers run up to the fallen Cheritto and train their weapons on him. Neil takes Chris to a cooperative doctor named Bob (Jeremy Piven), who treats Chris' wound. Neil arranges for Nate to pick Chris up and keep him hidden until Neil can find another way for them to escape LA - Neil doesn't trust the "out" he'd already arranged and has to find a new way to leave town which could take several hours for Nate to arrange. Chris is heavily sedated after having his wound treated but tells Neil he won't leave without Charlene. Neil tells him to seriously consider the idea because of the high risk. Neil also tells him that he believes it was Trejo who betrayed them and he has to find him. Neil goes to Trejo's house with the intent to kill him, only to find he's too late: Trejo lies severely beaten and dying and his wife already dead. In his final moments, Trejo tells Neil that Waingro and Van Zant are responsible. Trejo inquires into his wife's whereabouts, and Neil informs him that she is dead. Distraught over his wife's death, Trejo tells Neil, "Don't leave me like this". Respecting Trejo's final wishes, Neil mercifully kills him and goes to Van Zant's house, where Van Zant is watching a hockey game. As he's watching, he is startled when Neil throws a patio chair through the living room window, shattering it. Neil trains his pistol on Van Zant and demands to know Waingro's whereabouts. When Van Zant claims he doesn't know, Neil shoots him dead. Meanwhile, the police move Charlene and her son Dominic to a safe house. Sgt. Drucker explains that Charlene will be charged as an accessory to her husband and serve jail time if she refuses to turn him over to the police. Drucker also informs her that her son will become a foster child and more prone to a criminal life if she will not cooperate. Shiherlis, slightly recovered from the bullet wound he received from Casals, eventually shows up, sporting a new hairstyle to disguise his identity. However, despite their marital problems, his wife surreptitiously warns him that the police are present. The two share one last emotional look before Chris gets back in his car. He comes close to being caught as he passes a police checkpoint, but a fake ID card shows that he has a different identity and Drucker orders Chris to be let go. Neil inadvertently breaks his "30 seconds" creed by asking his new girlfriend Eady, who he met while researching the precious metals heist, to flee the country with him. Nate had made prior arrangements for the two to escape to New Zealand; however, upon receiving a tip concerning Waingro's whereabouts from Nate (thanks to Nate's police contacts), Neil makes the impulsive decision to kill him in his hotel room, which is near the airport. After setting off the hotel's emergency alarm to clear the area, Neil breaks in and executes Waingro by shooting him twice in the chest and once in the head, then escapes after disarming a stakeout detective. Having beaten further information out of Hugh Benny, Hanna finds out where Waingro is staying and had one of his detectives leak Waingro's location to other snitches, bail bondsmen and criminals on the street in the hope that Neil would go for him. From a distance, Hanna spots Eady calmly waiting in Neil's car. Recalling the "30 seconds" discussion that he and Neil had at the coffee shop (during which Neil mentioned his girlfriend), Hanna becomes suspicious and approaches Eady. At that moment, Neil emerges from the building and begins heading for his car, only to realize that Hanna has spotted him. Hanna grabs a shotgun and begins moving towards Neil. At this critical and emotional moment, Neil defaults to his "30 seconds" rule and abandons Eady; he disappears into the crowd with Hanna in pursuit. Neil jumps over the perimeter fence of the airport and heads to the freight terminal. Hanna is close behind and the two briefly exchange gunfire until Neil moves again, finding refuge behind the ILS and electronic control system buildings near one of the airport's runways. Hanna follows and the two play a tense game of cat-and-mouse in the dark. Neil notices that bright runway lights turn on periodically for landing planes; realising that Hanna will be temporarily blinded, he makes a move to take out Hanna. However, as Neil steps out to shoot with the lights at his back, Hanna is able to see Neil's shadow and, by a fraction of a second, shoots first, hitting Neil in the shoulder. As the lights go down, Hanna quickly gains clear sight of Neil and, knowing he will not go quietly, shoots him several times in the chest. Hanna, knowing that he has more in common with Neil than anyone else in his life, moves to comfort his would-be killer and takes his hand in his own. Neil reciprocates, taking some solace in his mortal wounds as he will not have to go back to prison. The two men share a final, reflective moment together before McCauley dies. 
 Ace Ventura: Pet Detective (1994)431) A goofy detective specializing in animals goes in search of the missing mascot of the Miami Dolphins. To be a Pet Detective, you have to understand both the criminals and animals. Ace Ventura goes even further... He behaves like a criminal animal. When a football team's mascot (a dolphin) is stolen just before the Superbowl, Ace Ventura is put on the case. Now, who would want to steal a dolphin, and why? Lars J. Aas <larsa@colargol.edb.tih.no> He's the best there is. In fact, he's the only one there is! He's Ace Ventura: Pet Detective. Ace is on the case to find the Miami Dolphins' missing mascot and quarterback Dan Marino. He goes eyeball to eyeball with a man-eating shark, stakes out the Miami Dolphins and woos and wows the ladies. Whether he's undercover, under fire or underwater, he always gets his man . . . or beast! Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with our hero Ace Ventura (Jim Carrey) rescuing a dog from an angry man, all but destroying his car in the process. The dog's owner, an attractive young woman, seduces Ace to avoid paying the detective's fee- a feat that Ace hardly resists. Late in the night at Miami Stadium, a group of individuals break in and steal the Miami Dolphins' mascot- a trained dolphin named Snowflake. Next morning, the Dolphin's Head of Operations Roger Podacter (Troy Evans) and his Chief Publicist named Melissa Robinson (Courtney Cox) are instructed to find the missing Snowflake before the upcoming Super Bowl (out of fear that the theft will affect the superstitious football players). A member of their staff was previously a client of Ace Ventura so they decide to call in this "pet detective" in to try investigating. Meanwhile, Ace is trying to capture a rare bird with a reward of $25,000 with no success. After receiving the request from Melissa to investigate, Ace goes to the stadium and takes a look inside Snowflake's tank, finding a small stone in the filter system. Roger spots a team of reporters heading to the tank and is worried (fearing the negative press that would result from knowledge of Snowflake's abduction). Ace poses as an eccentric animal trainer and manages to drive the reporters (Antoni Corone and Margo Peace) away. Later that day, Ace Ventura stops in at the local police headquarters. After an altercation with Sgt. Aguado (John Capodice), Ace meets his friend Detective Emilio (Tone Loc) to find out what leads the police may have. Emilio admits that a missing animal case isn't a priority for the police but they suspect that one of the local animal rights groups, who have repeatedly protested the Miami Dolphin's ownership of Snowflake, may be responsible. At this point, Emilio's superior, attractive female Lt. Lois Einhorn (Sean Young) comes along and throws Ace out. Ace visits his hacker buddy Woodstock (Raynor Scheine) to try and find information relating to the purchase of equipment that would be necessary for handling a dolphin. Woodstock notices several purchases by a man named Ron Camp (Udo Kier), a billionaire who apparently enjoys gathering rare fish. Furthermore, Woodstock notes that Camp donated land to the Miami Dolphins for the building of a new stadium. Ace decides to investigate Ron Camp further and gets into a party thrown by Camp that evening with Melissa. As Camp attempts to seduce Melissa, Ventura investigates Camp's home and finds a large aquarium tank that he assumes holds the missing Snowflake. However, the tank actually holds a large shark and Ace barely escapes with his life. As Melissa and Ace leave the party, her very annoyed and him wet as a hen and with rags instead of pants, the detective notices an unusual ring on Camp's hand, manhandling the billionaire in order to get a closer look. When they return to the stadium, Ace informs Melissa of the stone he found in Snowflake's tank-and Camp's ring had the same kind of stones, but since no stones were missing, Camp was not the one responsible for Snowflake's abduction. The ring in question is a 1984 AFC Championship Ring, won by the Miami Dolphins. Ace decides to personally investigate all the ring-owners to find one with a missing stone, but before long his photographic list of suspects has run out with no results. Melissa attempts to console Ace about his failure to find the damaged ring. Ace is in no mood for her and they trade insults. As Ace goes inside to apologize, Melissa receives a devastating phone call- Roger Podacter is dead. The police investigate Podacter's apartment, learning that Roger's body was found after crashing through a sunroof twenty stories below his apartment balcony. Lt. Einhorn is in charge of the investigation and she is prepared to pronounce Podacter's death a suicide. Ace, however, disagrees, insisting that Roger was murdered. After interviewing Podacter's neighbor (Florence Mistrot), who had heard a scream in the apartment and the manager (who opened the balcony door to check the place), Ace's theory is proven- Roger's balcony door is made of soundproof glass and thus Roger's neighbor couldn't have heard a scream with the door closed- meaning that somebody else closed the door upon leaving the apartment after throwing Roger Podacter over the balcony. Despite proving his theory to the police, Ace is still upset about not finding the correct ring. Melissa takes Ace to the stadium office to investigate paperwork regarding the sale of the rings. There, Ace spots an unfamiliar player face that was not in his previous checklist. Melissa tells Ace that the player is a mid-season replacement kicker named Ray Finkle. Furthermore, Finkle is the player who allegedly kept the Dolphins from winning the 1984 Super Bowl- by missing the final field goal in an event known as "The Kick Heard Round The World", a reference to Scott Norwood's missed field goal kick in the closing moments of Super Bowl XXV. The result was Finkle's contract with the Dolphins being canceled and he never played football again. Ace drives to Finkle's childhood home and finds it covered in graffiti and damage from the still-bitter townsfolk. Finkle's father (Bill Zuckert) is outwardly hostile, pointing a gun at Ace until Mrs. Finkle (Alice Drummond), senile yet doting over her absent son. Ventura learns that Ray Finkle was institutionalized in a private hospital several years ago, but escaped soon after. A tour of Finkle's room shows a testament to his hatred of Dan Marino (Dan Marino himself), the player who held the ball for Finkle's Kick and who Ray blames for the whole thing insisting that Marino held the ball "laces in" instead of out, per regulations. Realizing that Marino is likely in danger, Ace telephones Melissa and requests extra security for the star player. Marino is filming a commercial for Isotoner gloves when he is tackled by two men in Miami Dolphins uniforms-apparently as part of the commercial. But when the "Dolphins" keep carrying Dan after the director yells CUT, everyone realizes what has happened. Ace attempts to stop the abductors but they evade capture. Einhorn finds Ace in her office after a press interview, infuriating her- until Ace mentions the name Ray Finkle. Ace shares his theory with the lieutenant- Finkle has come back to take his revenge right at Super Bowl time, when it will be most harmful to the Dolphins. Snowflake was the first target of revenge because the dolphin had been given Finkle's old number and taught to kick a field goal as part of the halftime show. Ace also theorizes that Podacter was murdered because he recognized Finkle from his previous tenure with the Dolphins. Lt. Einhorn actually applauds Ace's work, making physical advancements towards the pet detective- which Ace rebuffs. Desperate to find out more about Ray Finkle, Ace goes to the mental hospital where the ex-player was held in an attempt to search through any remaining belongings. Melissa poses as an anguished sister looking to commit her deranged, football-obsessed brother to give Ace a chance to explore the hospital. She talks to the doctor (David Margulies) while Ave looks into every room in the hospital. A check of the storage room reveals further examples of Finkle's hatred of Dan Marino along with an unusual news article- the failure of search parties to locate a missing hiker named Lois Einhorn. Emilio checks out Lt. Einhorn's desk at police headquarters, finding a love letter to the lieutenant from Roger Podacter dated several days before Rogers' death. Ace struggles to find the possible link between Finkle and Einhorn but cannot see any viable connection. When Ace's pet dog lies on a picture of Finkle (covering the player's short black hair with long red threads) Ventura finally realizes the truth- Einhorn used to be Finkle! Ace is overjoyed at finding the answer, but is apparently repulsed by the knowledge that the lieutenant who attempted to seduce him is a transgender woman. On the morning of the Super Bowl, Ace tails Einhorn to a remote boathouse where Dan Marino and Snowflake are being kept. Ace manages to defeat Einhorn's two henchmen but is caught by her and held at gunpoint before he can free Marino. She radios the police for assistance, claiming Ace is the one behind the abductions. Einhorn is distracted by a news report on the Super Bowl, repeating the '84 "Kick Heard Round The World" clip. In her rage, Ace is able to overpower her and Snowflake takes the lieutenant's gun away. As the police arrive, she orders them to shoot Ace- until Melissa arrives holding Emilio at gunpoint to distract the other police officers enough to let Ace finish the case. Ace explains the full details of Einhorn's new identity and plan, ripping off the woman's clothes in an effort to prove his point. However, Ace's efforts are at first unsuccessful in showing that Finkle is a transgender female. However, Dan Marino spots her genitalia tucked between her legs. Ace realizes that this is why Roger Podacter died- he learned of the sex Einhorn was assigned at birth. Enraged and humiliated by her public exposure, Einhorn attempts to stab the pet detective but Ace knocks her into the water with Snowflake. She staggers back out (her red hair now washed back to black thanks to the water) and Ace notices a ring on her finger. Ventura leans over and cheers in triumph- it is indeed the AFC Championship ring, missing a stone. Dan Marino and Snowflake are both returned to the Miami stadium in time for the Super Bowl halftime show. At the same time, Ace spots the rare bird he had been chasing at the beginning of the movie- only to have it chased away by the opposing teams' mascot (Mark Margolis). Ace and the costumed man get into a fight just as the stadium announcer brings the camera onto Ace Ventura to thank the pet detective for his actions in saving the Dolphins. 
 Titan A.E. (2000)431) A young man learns that he has to find a hidden Earth ship before an enemy alien species does in order to secure the survival of humanity. Earth is a memory of the past; it's the 31st Century and humanity is on the brink of total annihilation, all except for one young man who holds the map to the universe's last hope: Titan. In a race against time, the human race has to find the Titan before the illusive Drej destroy it. Johnny One thousand years from now, aliens destroy Earth in fear of the Titan project. Some humans escape, becoming a downtrodden Diaspora, living in impoverished settlements. The mysterious Titan spacecraft also escapes, and its inventor has hidden it before dying. A spacecraft captain and its pilot, Korso and Akima, two humans, seek out Cale, the youthful son of the dead scientist and explain that he must help them find the Titan, which holds a mechanism to unite and save humanity. Cale refuses, but the arrival of the killer aliens persuades him to join Korso. Can he avoid his pursuers, know friend from foe, find the Titan, and embrace his humanity, a nature he has despised until now? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. By the year 3028 A.D., deep space travel and interaction with a plethora of alien races is commonplace for humanity and, as often happens with the passage of time, a new discovery is made. As electricity and splitting the atom were in history, what comes to be known as the Titan Project proves to be a profound scientific advance in mankind's role in the universe; a testament to their strength and imagination. However, it is explained that this marvel does not go unnoticed. The Drej, an alien race comprised entirely of energy, deems the human race a threat and advance their armada on Earth to destroy the Titan Project and what they see as mankind's last chance of being a dominant force in the galaxy. Five year-old Cale ( Alex D. Linz ) puts the last touches on his latest invention, a hydro-powered console, before it accidentally breaks in a small creek. His father, Sam Tucker ( Ron Perlman ) comes to collect him, explaining that they have to leave. He takes his son to the nearby base at Pierce, Colorado, where he is stationed and where evacuation pods filled with people are being sent into space. Sam places Cale in the care of family friend and guardian Tek ( Tone Loc ) before explaining that he has to go away for a while. He gives Cale a gold ring and tells him that, as long as he wears it, there will be hope. Then, despite Cale's pleas, Sam is escorted by friend Joseph Korso ( Bill Pullman ) to a nearby hangar as Cale is brought aboard an evacuation pod with Tek. The Drej have arrived at Earth in their huge mothership and reports of Drej fighters attacking civilian pods ring out as Cale's ship takes off. He watches as his father runs inside and activates the Titan Project; a large, spherical ship which manages to fly past the incoming Drej and uses its hyperdrive to vanish into outer space. At a safe distance, Cale watches as the Drej mothership, commanded by the Queen Drej ( Christopher Scarabosio ), targets Earth's North Pole and destroys the planet and the Moon in one shot with a massive energy blast. Fifteen years later, Cale (Matt Damon) works in a salvage yard in asteroid belt Tau 14. The human population, spread throughout the galaxy, has dwindled severely over the past few years and the race is considered inferior to other alien species, constantly ridiculed and rumored to be near extinction. Impatient and tired of constantly being shoved to the back of the line, Cale defiantly rides his scooter away from the check-out point to the nearest hangar entrance, only to collide with a docking ship. He is propelled onto the bow of the ship and briefly gets a glimpse of a beautiful, young female pilot within before she closes the shield doors. The pilot then sends a com-link message to the disembarking captain, reminding him that they are on a time schedule. Cale makes it inside and begins to wash up before he's confronted by two fellow alien workers who express distaste with Cale's line-jumping stunt. They begin to beat him up to teach him a lesson before the captain of the newly-arrived ship intervenes and lassos the aliens. He introduces himself as Joseph Korso and says he's been searching for Cale who carries mankind's last salvation. Skeptical and disheartened to hear that Korso was a friend of his father's, Cale refuses to cooperate and reunites with Tek in the galley who seems rather disinterested in Cale's complaints. Korso, meanwhile, is alerted by pilot Akima ( Drew Barrymore ) that their time limit has been cut with the arrival of a few Drej fighters. Korso follows Cale into the galley and greets Tek as an old friend, much to Cale's astonishment. Korso then shows Cale the reason he's there; he takes Cale's ring and uses a pen to activate a minute code within the lining before replacing it on Cale's finger. The ring projects a holographic map onto the palm of Cale's hand. Korso explains that the ring was coded to Cale's father's DNA and thence to Cale himself. The map is supposed to lead to where Sam hid the Titan and, if they find it before the Drej do, they will be able to give the human race something they haven't had in years; a new planet to call home. At that moment, two Drej soldiers enter the galley and immediately target Cale. Korso disables the artificial gravity generator at the back of the kitchen and he and Cale follow the cowardly cook ( Jim Breuer ) through an escape hatch. They make it to a warehouse and hijack a construction vehicle with the Drej in hot pursuit. Cale is injured in the escape and Korso pilots the vehicle straight through a closed dock and into space. He calls for Akima to pick them up as the windshield on the vehicle cracks. Korso kicks it out and uses a fire extinguisher to propel himself and Cale into the hold of his ship, the Valkyrie. When Cale wakes, he meets Akima along with the sly first mate, Preed ( Nathan Lane ), before he is introduced to the rest of the crew including Stith ( Janeane Garofalo ), the surly weapons specialist, and Gune ( John Leguizamo ), the eccentric astronomer. Cale is brought to Gune who reads the map on his palm and determines that their next heading should be to Sesharrim, a planet that, as Korso recalls, is home to the ancient Gaoul race. After arriving, Preed and Gune are left at the ship to watch for the Drej while the others take a boat across a lake covered with hydrogen-pod trees. They find the remnants of a temple and are suddenly surrounded by silent, bat-like creatures. Before Korso can open fire, Akima determines that they are the Gaoul. The lead Gaoul approaches Cale and instructs him through pantomime to hold his palm up towards the planet's prominent star. Held against the sky, Cale sees the arrow on the map pointing towards the distant Andali Nebula where the Titan is surely hidden. Suddenly, Drej fighters descend on the planet and attack the group. The Gaoul assist the group escape to their boat as Preed and Gune, having been distracted from their post, struggle to get the Valkyrie airborne again. The Gaoul use the hydrogen pods on the trees to destroy some of the fighters but, in the chaos, Cale and Akima are knocked off the boat. Before Korso can retrieve them, a Drej ship locks onto them with its tractor beam and escapes into outer space. It takes Cale and Akima to the Drej mothership where Akima, of no use, is expelled into space in a pod. Cale is then held before the Queen and forced to open his palm, giving the Drej a complete copy of the map detailing where the Titan is hidden. Cale is then sent into confinement. Meanwhile, Korso and Preed are able to track Akima's location to a prison block on a nearby planet. They attempt to disguise themselves as a slave trader and his subordinate but the guard ( Charles Rocket ) displays higher-than-average intelligence. So they use force and make their way towards the cell where Akima is resting atop her pod, unconscious thugs on the ground around her. On board the Drej mothership, Cale discovers that he can manipulate the energy keeping him locked inside to release himself. He escapes to the main hangar and commandeers a Drej ship, flying out into space with a scouting party. He is able to catch up to the Valkyrie although the crew nearly mistakes him for another Drej scout. Safe again, Cale and Korso have a heart-to-heart and Cale is allowed to pilot the Valkyrie through a tract of space. Putting his piloting skills to the test, Cale playfully races a band of 'space angels', creatures that dwell in nebular matter. The crew then makes a pit stop at a human drifter colony called New Bangkok to repair the ship and pick up supplies. However, as Cale and Akima return to the ship with a few necessities, they overhear Korso speaking to a holographic link with the Queen Drej. Korso argues with her that Cale is his responsibility and he alone will use him to find the Titan, though the Queen asserts that, despite their agreement, the Drej will do whatever is necessary to assure the Titan's destruction. Cale and Akima turn away straight into Preed and he leads them inside where they are confronted by Korso. Korso admits that he made a deal with the Drej; that he would lead them to the Titan with the assurance of his own survival and for the hefty bounty. No longer wanting to believe that the human race is destined for extinction, Cale fights Korso and Preed and manages to escape the ship with Akima, though she is wounded in the process. With Cale and Akima safely in New Bangkok, Korso takes the Valkyrie and leaves for the Andali Nebula. Akima and Cale are assisted by the locals including an old woman ( Tsai Chin ) who assures them that Akima merely needs rest. While waiting, Cale meets a young girl ( Crystal Scales ) and her brother who shows Cale that a little imagination is all that's needed to envision a better place to live rather than just accepting what is. Encouraged, Cale later tells Akima, fully healed, that he plans to beat Korso to the Titan using an old ship at the colony. With the help of other able-bodied humans, Cale and Akima are able to repair and refit the old Phoenix and blast off towards the Nebula. The Andali Nebula's center is a thick ring of ice crystals which makes for extremely tricky navigation. Korso and Preed struggle to maintain a steady course as Cale and Akima come up behind them. They use the reflective surface of the ice to create an illusion as they sneak right by the ship before igniting their engines full thrust and making a break for the Titan. The Valkyrie tries to follow, but the ever-shifting ice blocks their path. Cale and Akima make it to the center of the ice pack and finally discover the resting place of the Titan. They find a hatch to dock at and make their way inside. Akima finds a library stacked with vials that are revealed to be genetic information for all animals and plant life that were found on Earth. Meanwhile, the Valkyrie finds the Titan and docks at an alternate entrance. Korso and Preed prepare to disembark and instruct Gune and Stith to stay behind. However, the pair are suspicious of Korso's intentions. They are proven right when Preed sends a com-link message to Stith's watch which begins to beep in a countdown. Gune removes Stith's watch and runs off before it explodes. Stith awakes in the rubble unharmed but finds Gune injured. He announces that he needs to take a brief nap before he falls still. Cale and Akima make their way to the main console at the center of the ship where Cale finds his old invention, completely repaired, and activates a message from his father. The image explains that the ship has the power to create an entirely new planet for humans but that, in its escape, the ship used up all of its auxiliary power. He begins to go over the initiation process to restore power until a shot rings out and the message ends. Korso appears and demands Cale's ring but Preed suddenly presses his gun to Korso's head. He announces that he made a separate deal with the Drej; that he could live provided he killed everyone else before their imminent arrival. Korso fights back and manages to overpower Preed, breaking his neck. Cale then tackles Korso and they both fall over the edge of the platform. Cale is able to grab onto a piece of rigging and climb back onto the main platform but Korso falls further until he grasps a wire which leads him back onto the main console. At that moment, an alert sounds; the Drej have arrived. Stith is reunited with Cale and Akima and she activates the controls to the exterior guns, blasting away at the Drej fighters. Cale struggles to think of a way to beat the Drej and activate the Titan until he remembers that the Drej are pure energy. He is able to harness into their energy and restart the internal power system, but one of the circuit breakers located outside malfunctions. Cale has no choice but to go out and fix it manually. Stith provides cover until all guns are shot out by the Drej. Cale is cornered by Drej fire until Korso appears and offers to help. They work together to fix the circuit until Korso is gravely injured. He opts to stay behind, effectively sacrificing himself in order to connect the circuit. As Cale escapes back into the Titan, he is covered by Gune piloting the Valkyrie; announcing he'd recovered from his nap. Korso uses his gun to link the circuits and is electrocuted in the process. Cale makes it back to the main console and uses his ring to activate the ship just as the Drej mothership targets the Titan. A blast is sent out from the Titan and the Drej are disintegrated, their energy sucked into the Titan's engines. Waves of energy expand from the center of the ice ring and swirl it together towards the center. The Titan flies out of the core as gravity takes over and a new planet is formed, the remaining ice melting into vast seas. Cale and Akima step foot onto the new planet and Akima asks what they should call it. Cale decides to name the planet 'Bob', despite Akima's protests. They kiss and watch as Gune and Stith fly the Valkyrie above them in a victorious sweep. Meanwhile, ships and colonies of the surviving humans have received word of their new home and all flock to claim it. Year 16 A.E., for 'After Earth', introduces us to 'New Earth', aka 'Planet Bob'. 
 Taxi (I) (2004)Summaries A mouthy and feisty taxicab driver has hot tips for a green and inept cop set on solving a string of New York City bank robberies committed by a quartet of female Brazilian bank robbers. Belle Williams is a speed demon. Flying through the streets of New York in her tricked-out taxi, she's earned a rep as New York's fastest cabbie. But driving a hack is only a pit stop for her real dream: Belle wants to be a race car champion. And she's well on her way--until she's derailed by overeager cop Andy Washburn, whose undercover skills are matched only by his total ineptitude behind the wheel. Washburn, whose lack of vehicular skills has landed him in the precinct doghouse, is hot on the heels of a gang of beautiful Brazilian bank robbers, led by Vanessa, their cold, calculating--and leggy--leader. To nab the evasive crooks, drivers license-less Washburn convinces Belle to team up with him to pursue Vanessa and crew. Belle has carte blanche to drive at any speed and break any law. The car-less cop and speed-demon cabbie--New York's unlikeliest partners-- begin a high-speed game of cat and mouse with the robbers. That is, if Belle and Washburn don't end up killing each other first. Sujit R. Varma It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 