nm0005291:

 L.A. Heat (19961999)Summaries The action-packed cases of 2 cops, one white one black, in LA. A wisecracking combination, with plenty of action, chases and explosions thrown in for good measure. Cynan Rees <cynanrees@hotmail.com> LA Heat partners Steven Williams as Detective August Brooks and Wolf Larson as Detective Chester "Chase" McDonald. The two L.A.P.D officers may be different as night and day but their styles compliment each other. Brooks, a seasoned detective, is far more experienced than McDonald and often acts as the voice of reason. McDonald, who has been with the police department for seven years, likes the thrill of adrenaline, courting danger and looking for action. LA Heat was a PM Entertainment production, aired in the US on TNT and in over 65 countries internationally. 'Rita J. Runyon' (qv) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 One Life to Live (19682013)Summaries One Life to Live centres takes place in the fictional town of Llanview, PA.around the wealthy Lord family, and the middle-class Woleks and Rileys. One Life to Live premiered in 1968, centering on the lives of the citizens of the fictional town of Llanview, PA. Concentrating on the wealthy Lord family, and the middle-class Woleks and Rileys, the show was one of the first daytime dramas to depict people from all sorts of backgrounds. The show was the first to depict an interracial relationship, and among the first to explore drug addiction. It has also depicted dissociative identity disorder, cultism, out-of-body experiences, international espionage, time travel, and even underground cities! Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Second Noah (19961998)Summaries A writer marries a zookeeper. They adopt a passel of cute children and cute animals. Complications ensue. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Days of Our Lives (1965 )Summaries A chronicle of the lives, loves, trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. "Like sands through the hourglass... so are the Days of Our Lives." These words, spoken by late cast member Macdonald Carey, open every episode of this daytime drama, chronicaling the trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 