nm0001960:

 Savage Nights (1992)Summaries A bitter story of a young man's crisis. Jean is young, gay, and promiscuous. Only after he meets one or two women, including Laura does he come to realize his bisexuality. Jean has to overcome a personal crisis (he is HIV-positive) and a tough choice between Laura and his male lover Samy. Dragomir R. Radev <radev@cs.columbia.edu> Jean is a bisexual, sexually active man, who learns he's HIV+. The movie is about him coping with the disease, with his new and violent love with the young and very passionate Laura, his desire for Samy, and his appetite for sexual diversity. Simon <oreste.sl@sympatico.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Total Eclipse (1995)Summaries Young, wild poet Arthur Rimbaud and his mentor Paul Verlaine engage in a fierce, forbidden romance while feeling the effects of a hellish artistic lifestyle. In 1871, Paul Verlaine (1844-1896), an established poet, invites boy genius Arthur Rimbaud (1854-1891) to live with Paul and his young pregnant wife, Mathiltde, in her father's home in Paris. Rimbaud's uncouth behavior disrupts the household as well as the insular society of French poets, but Verlaine finds the youth invigorating. Stewed in absinthe and resentment, Verlaine abuses Mathiltde; he and Rimbaud become lovers and abandon her. There are reconciliations and partings with Mathiltde and partings and reconciliations with Rimbaud, until an 1873 incident with a pistol sends one of them to prison. Codas dramatize the poets' final meeting and last illnesses. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Talented and well-established poet Paul Verlaine's life takes an unexpected turn when he meets the young and wildly unpredictable Arthur Rimbaud, an up-and-coming literary genius of the 19th century. After reading Rimbaud's extraordinary work, Verlaine invites him to stay with him and his wife Mathiltde in Paris. A partnership turns into a friendship, which soon becomes a love affair. With Verlaine's inability to improve upon his poetry, his abusive behavior towards his wife and his alcoholism, combined with Rimbaud's recklessness, manipulative behavior and his fear of being the same as everyone else, the poets embark together on a journey of love, lust, pain, inspiration and sorrow. angela hepworth It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Apartment (1996)Summaries A recently engaged man sees a former lover and becomes obsessed with meeting her again. Max is on his way to Tokyo. He lives in Paris and likes to flirt but has decided to get married. By chance, he seems to have seen Lisa, his greatest love, in a cafe. Max forgets everything, his trip to Tokyo and his fiance. Obsessed with meeting Lisa he finds out where she lives and hides in the apartment. However, a different girl, called Alice, finds Max in the flat. Alice looks quite similar to Lisa, and they have sex. To complicate matters further, Alice is also the girlfriend of Max's buddy Lucien and Lisa is followed by an older man. Gerhard Windecker <g.wind@mbox300.swipnet.se> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 L'amour flou (2018)Summaries Romane and Philippe separate. After 10 years together, two children and a dog, they do not love each other anymore. They give birth to a "separation": two separate apartments, communicating only through the room of their children. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 