nm0003416:

 The Ghost Writer (2010)651) A ghost writer, hired to complete the memoirs of a former British Prime Minister, uncovers secrets that put his own life in jeopardy. An unremarkable ghost-writer has landed a lucrative contract to redact the memoirs of Adam Lang, the former UK Prime Minister. After dominating British politics for years, Lang is campaigning for his foundation with his wife in the USA. He lives on an island, in luxurious, isolated premises complete with a security detail and a secretarial staff. Soon, Adam Lang gets embroiled in a major scandal with international ramifications that reveals how far he was ready to go in order to nurture UK's "special relationship" with the USA. But before this controversy has started, before even he has closed the deal with the publisher, the ghost-writer gets unmistakable signs that the turgid draft he is tasked to put into shape inexplicably constitutes highly sensitive material. Eduardo Casais <casaise@acm.org> In London, the agent Rick Ricardelli invites his friend to apply to the Rhinehart, Inc. as ghostwriter of the former unpopular British Prime Minister Adam Lang. He is hired to complete and revise Adam's memoir since his predecessor Mike McAra had an accident or committed suicide and was found drowned on the coast. The ghostwriter travels to the Island Town of Old Haven where Adam presently lives with his wife Ruth and sooner the writer feels the tension between Ruth and Adam's secretary and mistress Amelia Bly. When Adam Lang is involved in a human rights scandal, the ghostwriter accidentally discovers that Mike had some hidden pictures and a telephone number in his room. The ghostwriter decides to investigate and learns that Adam's political career might have been built by the CIA to support the controversial decisions of the American government. Further, he finds that his life is in a great danger. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A young British writer, who has had some minor success as a ghost writer, is hired to finish writing the almost completed memoirs of former British Prime Minister, Adam Lang. The Ghost, as he is forthwith referred to, is hired despite having little to no experience in the political writing realm. The $250,000, one month job is due to the fact that his predecessor, Lang's former aide Michael McCarra, suddenly died after falling off the ferry between the US mainland and Old Haven, the northeast US island where he had been working and where Lang and his entourage have been staying at the Lang's recreational compound. It is unclear if McCarra's death was suicide, an accident or murder. The mysterious death unnerves the Ghost, who believes the same fate may befall him if indeed McCarra was murdered because of this job. The Ghost is certain that he is not being told the complete story about Lang's life whether it be by Lang himself, Lang's seemingly more politically astute wife Ruth, or Lang's primary aide, Amelia Bly, with who Ruth believes her husband is having an affair. Lang, as a young man, had no political aspirations - he wanted to become an actor - and states that he fell into politics to impress politically active Ruth, who he had just met at Cambridge. The Ghost's job becomes more difficult when the International Criminal Court charges Lang with war crimes while he was PM, the charges related to handing over suspected terrorists to the CIA for torture. After the Ghost comes across some of McCarra's personal effects related to the memoir, the Ghost goes on a search for the truth related to the ICC charge, McCarra's death and what he is not being told about Lang, which he believes can be found within the only hard copy version of the memoir written by McCarra. Huggo "When a successful ghostwriter, the Ghost (Ewan McGregor), agrees to finish the memoirs of Adam Lang (Pierce Brosnan), England's former prime minister, his publisher assures him it's the chance of a lifetime. Instead, he begins to uncover evidence that suggests his late predecessor knew a dark secret about Lang and may have been murdered to prevent it from coming to light. krmanirethnam Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When a successful British ghostwriter (Ewan McGregor) agrees to complete the memoirs of former British Prime Minister Adam Lang (Pierce Brosnan), his agent assures him it is the opportunity of a lifetime. But the project seems doomed from the start not least because his predecessor on the project, Lang's long-term aide, died in an apparent accident. The ghostwriter flies out to work on the project, in the middle of winter, at an oceanfront house in the fictional village of Old Haven (an allusion to Vineyard Haven) on Martha's Vineyard. But the day he arrives, a former British foreign minister named Rycart accuses Lang of authorizing the illegal seizure of suspected terrorists and handing them over for torture by the CIA a possible war crime. Lang faces the threat of prosecution by the International Criminal Court, unless he stays in the U.S. or goes to another country that does not recognize that court. The controversy brings reporters and protesters swarming to the security perimeter of the island home where Lang is staying with his wife, Ruth (Olivia Williams), and his personal assistant (and mistress), Amelia Bly (Kim Cattrall). As the ghostwriter works, he uncovers clues suggesting his predecessor may have stumbled on a dark secret concerning Lang and that somehow this information is hidden in the manuscript he left behind. During Lang's absence, the neglected Ruth sleeps with the writer. The writer also meets an old man (Eli Wallach) living locally, who tells him that there is no possible way the current could have taken the body of the dead writer from the ferry where he disappeared to the beach location where it was discovered. The old man also reveals that a woman saw flashlights on the beach the night the body was discovered, but later fell down her stairs and went into a coma. The next morning, the ghostwriter follows the GPS in the car of the previous writer, which leads him to the estate of Professor Paul Emmett (Tom Wilkinson), who also appears in college photographs with Lang which have been left behind by the previous ghost-writer. The ghostwriter can tell that Emmett is hiding something. As the writer leaves Emmett's estate, he is followed by a car, but eludes it. The writer boards the ferry, but then flees the boat as he sees the car that had followed him drive on board. He decides to spend the night on the mainland, and stays in a small motel and while there, finds information on the Internet that points to Paul Emmett as a CIA agent. The writer then contacts Rycart (Robert Pugh), whose phone number was among the effects of his predecessor, and who tells him that the previous writer had said that he had hidden information in the "beginning" of the book. The men cannot, however, find anything in the manuscript's early pages. Lang then calls and the writer is told by Rycart to go with Lang. The writer warns that Lang will be able to avoid Rycart no matter what he does. On the plane, the writer accuses Lang of being a CIA agent recruited by Emmett, but Lang derides his suggestion. Upon departing the aircraft, Lang is assassinated, apparently by an anti-war protestor who had lost a son. The apparent assassin is in turn shot by police. The writer is interviewed and US authorities take his passport so that he can stay and provide information. Despite Lang's death, the ghostwriter is asked to complete the book for posthumous publication. During the launch party for the book, while talking to Amelia, she corrects the "beginning" clue as "beginnings" and Amelia also tells him that Paul Emmett was Ruth's tutor when she was a Fulbright scholar. He realizes that the clues were hidden in the original manuscript at the beginning of each chapter. He underlines the words at the beginning of each chapter and reveals the message, "Lang's wife Ruth was recruited as a CIA agent by Professor Paul Emmett of Harvard University." Ruth Lang has shaped Lang's every political decision to benefit the United States as directed by the CIA. After passing a note to Ruth of his discovery, the ghostwriter leaves the party with the original manuscript in hand. As he crosses the street off-camera, a car accelerates in his direction, and sound effects and flying papers indicate that he has been hit. 
 In the Fade (2017)Summaries Katja's life collapses after the death of her husband and son in a bomb attack. After a time of mourning and injustice, Katja seeks revenge. Katja's (Diane Kruger) had met Turkish-born Kurdish Nuri Sekerci (Numan Acar) when she bought hashish from him during her student days. They got married when he was still in prison, although their parents were against the marriage. Since her son Rocco (Rafael Santana) is born, Nuri is no longer working as a drug dealer, because he studied business administration in prison and now runs a translation and tax office in Hamburg. One day Rocco and Nuri are killed by a nail bomb, which was deposited in front of the office. This has shredded everything. Because her husband was in prison for drug possession, the police investigated in the red light district. The investigators do not see that the tracks point in a completely different direction. Then they happen to be the real killers on the net. The main suspects are the neo-Nazi spouses Andr (Ulrich Brandhoff) and Edda Mller (Hanna Hilsdorf). But the trial is developing differently than Katja had hoped. Although her lawyer Danilo (Denis Moschitto) speaks of a watertight evidence, defender Haberbeck (Johannes Krisch) manages to settle the case in favor of the defendants. Humiliated and destroyed by the trial, Katja sees no reason to continue living. If she wants to give meaning to her life again, she has to take the law into her own hands. After four years in prison on drug charges, the reformed drug-dealer and Turkish immigrant, Nuri, and his young German wife, Katja, finally settle into a happy daily routine in Hamburg, in high hopes of making a fresh start for themselves and their six-year-old son, Rocco. But then, a high-power nail bomb and a racially motivated attack will crush friends and relatives under the unbearable burden of tragedy, robbing Katja of everything she loved: Nuri and Rocco. Has Nuri's dark past finally caught up with the family to haunt them forever? Little by little, the devastated mother will succumb first to drugs to dull her pain, and then, to utter despair, as the search for truth can sometimes be an impossible task for a complex legal system that has its hands tied. And when the justice of men isn't enough, the thirst for retribution is insatiable. Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Physician (2013)541) In Persia in the 11th Century, a surgeon's apprentice disguises himself as a Jew to study at a school that does not admit Christians. When nine-year-old Rob Cole felt the life force slipping from his mother's hand he could not foresee that this terrifying awareness of impending death was a gift that would lead him from the familiar life of 11th-century London to small villages throughout England and finally to the medical school at Ispahan. Though apprenticed to an itinerant barber surgeon, it is the dazzling surgery of a Jewish physician trained by the legendary Persian physician Avicenna that inspires him to accept his gift and to commit his life to healing by studying at Avicenna's school. Despite the ban on Christian students, Rob goes there, disguising himself as a Jew to gain admission. Gordon has written an adventurous and inspiring tale of a quest for medical knowledge pursued in a violent world full of superstition and prejudice. Literary Guild alternate In the Eleventh Century, in England, the mother of the boy Rob Cole has side sickness (appendicitis) and he foresees her death when he touches her. The orphan Rob is alone and he follows a traveling barber-surgeon that teaches him how to cure the needy. When the barber is blind with cataract, Rob Cole seeks out a Jewish physician that recovers the barber's vision. Rob Cole decides to learn medicine with the famous Ibn Sina in the distant Persia. Along his one-year journey, Rob makes a circumcision on himself and changes his name to Jesse Ben Benjamin, posing of Jewish to be accepted by Ibn Sina's school in Isfahan. Further he falls in love with Rebecca that is traveling to Isfahan in the same caravan to get married in a marriage of convenience. Jesse learns medicine with Ibn Sina while he performs forbidden experience with a corpse and has sex with Rebecca. When the mullahs betray the Shah Ala ad-Daula to the Seljuk, the lives of Ibn Sina, Jesse and their friends are deeply affected. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Director Philipp Stlzl adapts author Noah Gordon's novel about an 11th Century orphan who devotes his life to conquering death after his mother perishes when he is just a child, leaving him to fend for himself in an English mining town. In his quest to become a physician, the young boy studies medicine under renowned Persian expert Ibn Sina. Though the road to enlightenment is a difficult one, the young boy forms many human connections that instill him with the fortitude to pursue his ambitious goal. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the 11th century, Rob Cole left poor, disease-ridden London to make his way across the land, hustling, juggling, peddling cures to the sickand discovering the mystical ways of healing. It was on his travels that he found his own very real gift for healinga gift that urged him on to become a doctor. So all consuming was his dream, that he made the perilous, unheard-of journey to Persia, to its Arab universities where he would undertake a transformation that would shape his destiny forever. 
 The Colony (2021)Summaries Set in the distant future, a female astronaut, shipwrecked on the long-decimated Earth, must decide the fate of the wasteland's remaining populace. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 