nm0008504:

 Melody for a Hustler (1998)Summaries A small-time crook Gaston who poses as a millionaire after he picks up hitchhiking 16-year-old Marie-Pierre. Actually living in a seedy apartment, he deals in stolen goods, but he soon climbs to bigger heists, including car thefts. Concealing his illegal activities, he operates his company, Extramill, out of upscale, posh offices, while he and Marie-Pierre move into a sedate upper-middle-class neighborhood. Life is sweet, but the onset of paranoia, kinky sex activities, and police probes eventually culminate in violence. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Les nouveaux tricheurs (1987)Summaries Adolescents or young adults, Franck, Christine and the others meet, bond, leave each other. But the drama lurks. Franck and Christine are barely twenty years old; they live together, take the same theater lessons together, and are together chosen to play the leading roles in Sartre's "Les Mains sales". Franck is madly in love with her. Karl is still a high school student; he hardly sees his mother, absorbed by her gallery, her social events and her lovers, but he obtains from her all the money he can wish for. The big business of his life is Marc, who, older, lives in a loft and runs a clothes stand at the Flea Market with his father. Together they go to the Bains Douches, dance there frantically, and Karl admires the way Marc falls the girls. To be even closer, he introduces her to a classy friend, Sophie, who falls madly in love with all the confidence of her sixteen years. She gives herself to Marc, but very quickly discovers that she is not essential to him. At the Bains Douches, all three meet Franck, Christine and their inseparable Betti, and Marc and Christine immediately catch their eyes; they have appointments, and live locked in their passion. At the theater, Franck collapses; Sophie cries and discovers that she is pregnant; Karl tries in vain to see Marc. But cultural differences are stronger than passion and Christine leaves him. Marc then comes to make a scandal on the stage in full representation. Mad with pain, he leaves behind the wheel of his car to jump into the water. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mama, There's a Man in Your Bed (1989)Summaries A company president gets framed with a food-poisoning scandal and the only person who can help him is the evening cleaning-woman, who always seems to be at the right place at the right time. This is a story about a rich white man who falls in love with Juliet the full figured black woman who cleans his offices at night. After learning of his wife's affair with one of his work partners and the sabotage of his business he is left broken and is taken in by Juliet who then shows him what real true love is ... If you have not yet seen this movie then you are missing out on what real true love means, it does not matter what color you are, or what size you are it's how your heart feels and that's what this beautiful love story shows us all ... a must see! Braunstonite It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Un matin rouge (1982)Summaries During the world war two in a French village a teacher and a female pupil have been killed by the Gestapo because of an informer.Now forty years later former pupils , now adults will meet together in a villager to find out who was the pupil who denounced the teacher to the Germans and also to take a decision about it. zutterjp48 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 