nm0007034:

 Undercover Brother (2002)44) When "The Man" tries to derail a black candidate's presidential campaign, Undercover Brother and his fellow secret agents come to the rescue. A white faceless corporate despot known only as "The Man", has the power to unleash a terrifying top-secret weapon: an irresistibly packaged psycho-hallucinogenic drug that will reduce the entire population to mindless zombies. but black folks have soul. But with enough funky sense of style, a smooth way with the ladies and an absolute hunger for justice, with his Bruce Lee moves, Cadillac attitude and an arsenal of outrageous disguises and gadgets, Undercover Brother is recruited by the group of Good Guys, know as the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D. an all-black justice league to foil the Man's plan to derail a Colin Powell-like presidential candidate, and Undercover Brother's undercover exploits keep the slim plot moving. But while he and his sassy cat-fighting partner known as Sistah Girl tries to find out what's going on, the leader's ruthless right arm, Mr. Feather, discovers the conspiracy's sexy secret weapon, Penelope Snow. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Anton Jackson is an African-American man who seems harmless enough on the surface, but is a secret agent in the all-black Brotherhood, an entity that levels the playing field against the all-white establishment. Partnered with the sassy, stunning Sistah Girl, our hero must first undergo the ultimate attitude adjustment and trade in his 'fro and platforms for tennis sweaters and penny loafers. Once the transformation is complete, he's ready to take on the evil perpetrators of Operation Whitewash--Mr Feather, Penelope Snow aka White She Devil, and, ultimately, The Man. Sujit R. Varma An Afro-American organization, the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D., is in permanent fight against a white organization, The Man, defending the values of the black people in North America. When the Afro-American candidate Gen. Warren Boutwell (Billy Dee Williams) has a weird behavior in his presidential campaign, the Undercover Brother (Eddie Griffin) is hired to work undercover in the white organization and find what happened with the potential candidate. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Recruit (2003)431) A brilliant young CIA trainee is asked by his mentor to help find a mole in the Agency. In an era when the country's first line of defense, intelligence, is more important than ever, this story opens the CIA's infamous closed doors and gives an insider's view into the Agency: how trainees are recruited, how they are prepared for the spy game, and what they learn to survive. James Clayton might not have the attitude of a typical recruit, but he is one of the smartest graduating seniors in the country - and he's just the person that Walter Burke wants in the Agency. James regards the CIA's mission as an intriguing alternative to an ordinary life, but before he becomes an Ops Officer, James has to survive the Agency's secret training ground, where green recruits are molded into seasoned veterans. As Burke teaches him the ropes and the rules of the game, James quickly rises through the ranks and falls for Layla, one of his fellow recruits. But just when James starts to question his role and his cat-and-mouse relationship with his mentor, Burke taps him for a special assignment to root out a mole. As the suspense builds toward a gripping climax, it soon becomes clear that the CIA's old maxims are true: "trust no one" and "nothing is what it seems." wild62 James Clayton is one of the top prospects in the new crop of CIA recruits. His intelligence and unconventional attitude attract the attention of veteran Walter Burke who squires him through the Agency's difficult training courses and helps him to quickly rise through the ranks. Clayton is then given a special assignment, to root out a suspected mole that has infiltrated the Agency. IMDb Editors Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. James Clayton (Colin Farrell) is constantly looking for information about his father, who presumably had gone missing when Clayton was quite young. While at MIT, Clayton helped to develop a computer program called Sp@rtacus, which turns computer terminals to which it is networked into its slave. The program impresses a grad recruiter for Dell at a career fair, and it appears that Clayton's future is on track. Later that night, Clayton meets Walter Burke (Al Pacino), who he had previously noticed hanging around at the career fair. The two begin talking, during which time Burke reveals that he is a CIA recruiter. Clayton, however, is not interested and Burke walks away, casually revealing to James a familiarity with his father. Clayton becomes intrigued and decides to attend the interview and selection process for the CIA's clandestine service. Upon arriving at the CIA headquarters in Langley, Clayton takes part in numerous assessments including psychometric, numerical reasoning, psychological, psychoanalytical, aptitude, as well as a polygraph test. During the testing he meets fellow recruit Layla Moore (Bridget Moynahan). Having been apparently successful in the selection process, he and the other successful candidates, including Moore, are driven by bus to the CIA training facility, The Farm, where Burke then briefs the candidates on the training regimen and various issues of espionage. Clayton and the other candidates then begin their training in covert ops and intelligence gathering. Throughout the various stages of the training, the instructors become increasingly impressed by Clayton's natural ability in the "black arts" of espionage such as weapons, classroom exercises, and his ingenuity and fast thinking when he manages to escape from a botched training drill by dramatically jumping through a glass window. One night, Burke takes the recruits present (all males) to a nearby bar to conduct a training exercise with one simple objective: to pick up a girl. Clayton appears to do exceedingly well at first, until he spots Moore, alone at a table, apparently quite inebriated. He abandons the girl to whom he was talking and learns from Moore that she was dropped from the program. Clayton offers to call a cab for her as an act of sympathy, but Moore manages to draw him outside where, upon reaching the parking lot with her, Clayton learns that she had a training mission of her own: to prevent him from completing his mission. In another test, Clayton and Moore are paired up for a training exercise in counter-surveillance. During this exercise, the two recruits are kidnapped by men apparently from a foreign intelligence service. Clayton is interrogated for several days in a dungeon-like cell and tortured. He is asked to give up the names of his instructors, but he holds out until one of his interrogators provides evidence that his defiance is contributing not only to his suffering, but also to that of Moore. He yells out Burke's name and suddenly the rear wall of the cell rises up revealing that Burke, Moore, and the other recruits sitting in the lecture theater had witnessed the entire event. Clayton is informed that he has been cut from the program, and he stays in a motel, getting drunk. To Clayton's surprise, Burke arrives in the morning to tell him that he feigned cutting Clayton from the program in order to appoint him as a non-official cover operative. Burke tells Clayton that he was paired with Moore in order to spy on her, as the CIA has evidence that she is a mole for a foreign intelligence service recruited to extract a top secret new computer virus from the CIA. Clayton reluctantly agrees to spy on her and re-establishes contact with Moore, pretending to be a low-level CIA data-entry office worker. During this time, they become romantically involved and the tension is apparent when, after making love, Clayton bugs Moore's coat with a listening device. Clayton eventually uncovers proof that Moore is removing the virus from the CIA piece-by-piece using a USB flash drive concealed in the bottom of a thermal coffee mug. He follows her to uncover the identities of her contacts and winds up pursuing one contact through a train station. The identity of the contact is concealed by his hooded jumper until Clayton shoots and kills him in a scuffle. Layla's contact turns out to be another CIA agent who had been a recruit with Clayton and Moore at The Farm. Clayton escapes the scene and confronts Moore with evidence of her treachery, demanding an explanation. She explains that, in fact, she and the now dead agent had been commissioned by the CIA to test the security protocols of the facility by attempting to remove a "fake" virus. By virtue of his familiarity with computer programs, however, Clayton suspects differently and confronts Burke (Pacino) with these contradictions at an abandoned warehouse. Burke, at first, congratulates Clayton on passing his final test. The virus, he says, was not real, nor is the agent dead. Burke invites Clayton to shoot him with a gun he supplied Clayton with, claiming it is only filled with blanks. A tense moment ensues and Burke knocks the gun away, shooting out a car window. Burke chases Clayton through a warehouse, boasting that he organized the scheme in order to sell the virus. He also shatters Clayton's hopes about his father by saying that the story that his father was a CIA agent was only a ruse to trick James into befriending Burke. Clayton agrees to give Burke the laptop containing the completed virus, and shows Burke the screen running his own software program Spartacus, apparently relaying Burke's entire confession back to CIA headquarters. Burke becomes incensed, chasing Clayton outside, where a CIA SWAT team has assembled to track them down. Unknown to Burke (Pacino), however, Clayton's (Farrell's) link to the CIA was a fake. The CIA had no knowledge of Burke's treachery and was there to arrest Clayton. Not knowing this, Burke rails at his unjust treatment by the CIA, and the CIA agents realize that Burke is the traitor. Upon discovering that he himself had foiled his own plan, he commits suicide-by-cop. Afterward, Layla consoles Clayton before he heads back to Langley for debriefing. On the drive to Langley another CIA employee tells Clayton "you were born to do this, it's in your blood", confirming that his father did in fact work for the CIA. 
 Naked Lunch (1991)431) After developing an addiction to the substance he uses to kill bugs, an exterminator accidentally kills his wife, and becomes involved in a secret government plot being orchestrated by giant bugs in a port town in North Africa. Not an adaptation of beat writer William S. Burrough's novel but a mix of biography and an interpretation of his drug- induced writing processes combined with elements of his work in this paranoid fantasy about Bill Lee, a writer who accidentally shoots his wife, whose typewriter transforms into a cockroach and who becomes involved in a mysterious plot in North African port called Interzone. Wonderfully bizarre, not unlike Burrough's books. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> Exterminator Bill Lee finds himself following his wife into an addiction to the bug powder he uses. After accidentally killing her, he descends into a hallucinatory existence in which he imagines himself a secret agent answering to a series of bizarre creatures. He channels his energies into writing "reports" on his delusional mission, while trying to break his addiction. The story loosely reflects events in the life of author Burroughs as he wrote the novel. scgary66 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. New York City, 1953. While spraying an apartment for insects, Bill Lee runs out of bug powder, to the annoyance of his employer, A.J. Cohen, who rations it carefully. In a local bar, Bill meets with two writer friends who debate technique. Martin endlessly rewrites while Hank disagrees with any form of self-censorship. Bill's opinion is "exterminate all rational thought". Bill tells them that he no longer writes because it's "too dangerous". Bill arrives home to find his wife, Joan, shooting up the powder. She tells him that he should try it too by saying: "it's a Kafka high... you fee like a bug." Bill is arrested for possession of illegal drugs, and at the police station narcs Hauser and O'Brien leave him a interrogation room with a giant beetle. Gorging itself on the powder, it asks him to rub it into it's sphincter-like "lips" on its back, and says it's his "case officer". Bill's assignment is to kill his wife, who is an inhuman agent for Interzone Incorporated. Bill crushes it with his shoe and escapes from the station. Bill finds Joan and tells her that he was arrested for bug powder and he's hallucinating. A work colleague gives him a card for Dr. Benway, who can cure his addition. At Dr. Benaway's office, the mysterious doctor dispenses black centipede powder, which he says is like "an agent who's come to believe his own cover story but who's in there, in a larval state, just waiting for the proper moment to hatch out". Passing a marker stall selling giant centipedes, Bill feels nauseous. When he gets home, Hank is having sex with Joan while Martin recites stream of consciousness prose. He inject himself and Joan with narcotics and then says "I guess it's about time for our William Tell routine." She places a glass on her head and he shoots, killing her. In a bar, a young Asian man introduces Bill to a mugwump, a bizarre gangly alien creature who recommends a Clark-Nova portable typewriter for his report on his wife's death, to be written in Interzone. It hands him a ticket. In a pawnshop, Bill exchanges his gun for a Clark-Nova. In Interzone, a North African coastal enclave, Bill and many other men type reports. He is propositioned by German bon vivant Hans, whose drug factory synthesis black centipede 'meat'. In Bill's room, his drug haze is interrupted by his Clark-Nova's semi-transformation into a beetle - a bug writer - which tells him that homosexuality is an agent's best cover. At a party, Bill meets expiate American writers Tom and Joan Frost. Joan looks like Bill's death wife, and whom has the same name. Tom confesses to Bill that he is killing her slowly, using their housekeeper Fadela. He does this telepathically - her lips says something else entirely. Bill crashes out on Interzone beach, and in the morning he is picked up by enigmatic Swiss dandy Cloquet. The Frosts tell Bill that he impressed Cloquet, and Tom lends him his sleek Martinelli typewriter. Bill writes that he seems addicted to something that doesn't really exist. He wakes up to find his bug writer devouring the Martinelli, which is indignantly informs him it is a enemy agent. It suggests that he seduce Joan Frost for information. Bill goes to see Joan and confesses to wrecking Tom's Martinelli. She tells him that she has another, in Arabic - a Mujahedin (!) As she types something erotic, it mutates into organic form. A vaginal orifice opens, into which she thrusts her fingers as Bill caresses her. Their arousal escalates and the typewriter transforms into a 'sex blob' and jumps on them in uncontrolled ecstasy. They are interrupted by housekeeper/witch Fadela, who whips the thing over the balcony. It crashes to the street in front of an incensed Tom, becoming a typewriter once more. Bill and Joan walk through the kasbahs, finding Fadela with her cover on a stall selling black centipede meat. Joan is her power. The bug writer tells Bill that he was programmed to kill his wife. She was a "special case", an elite-corps-centipede. Tom storm in for his Martinelli, only to find it smashed, and captures the bug writer in exchange. On Interzone beach, Bill is found by Hank and Martin, who encourage him to complete his book 'Naked Lunch', which they have been receiving installments. He doesn't know what they're talking about. They get him on the bus back. Bill passes out in an alley and is helped by Kiki, who takes the broken Martinelli to a forge where a new mugwump-head typewriter is cast. The 'mugwriter' tells Bill that Benway is behind Interzone Inc. His powder is based on the black centipede meat; however, he's too elusive to catch. Bill and Kiki takes a ride in Cloquet's "wonderful car", and Bill relates a story about a man who taught his asshole to talk, but found it aspired to a life of its own. At his sumptuous house, Cloquet takes Kiki into the bedroom. When Bill investigates, Cloquets has become a giant centipede, literally sucking Kiki dry inside a huge cage. Bill takes the mugwriter to Frost to swap for his Clark-Nova. It has been tortured, but before expiring, it tells Bill to go to Hans' drug factory in the medina, where he'll find Interzone Inc. The factory is now a dispensary, where mugwumps are strung up and highly addictive jissom is milked from teat-like protrusions on their heads. Fadela supervises the process, while Hans and other dissipated addicts consume the jissom. Fadela reveals herself to be Benway in a prosthetic disguise. Bill agrees to work for Benway in Annexia, as long as Joan can accompany him. Bill drives a strange red half-truck vehicle to the border, where the border guards demand proof that he is a writer. Bill wakes Joan and says it's time for the William Tell routine. She places a glass on her head, and once again he shoots her. He is devastated, but the guards merely welcome him to Annexia and wave him on. 
 Dracula 2000 (2000)321) A group of thieves breaks into a chamber expecting to find paintings, but instead they release the count himself, who travels to New Orleans to find his nemesis' daughter, Mary Van Helsing. In the millenium version of this classic Gothic horror we find Abraham Van Helsing (Plummer), who has tangled with Count Dracula (Butler) in the past, working as an English antiques dealer. Simon (Miller) is a vampire hunter in training under his apprenticeship. Van Helsing and Simon travel from London to New Orleans to rescue Van Helsing's daughter Mary (Waddell) from the family's life long nemesis - Dracula. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 1897 England: The schooner Demeter is nearing England. The crew is dead, and the captain is lashed to the wheel. Dracula has arrived. 2000 London: Matthew Van Helsing [Christopher Plummer], an aging collector of antiques, and his protegee Simon Sheppard [Jonny Lee Miller] are discussing the purchase of a medieval crossbow that Matthew means to add to his personal collection in the Carfax Museum. Among the artifacts on public display, Carfax Museum also houses a heavily-protected vault, and no one knows what it contains. It must be pretty valuable, though, so another employee, Solina [Jennifer Esposito], has arranged to break into the vault and steal whatever is in there. While Matthew sits in his office at the end of the day, Solina and her companions (Marcus, Trick, Nightshade, Dax, Charlie, and J.T) break the computer codes and make their way to the main vault, passing numerous vampire skulls and crosses along the way, only to find...a coffin. No one would think to look for treasure in a coffin, they reason, so this must be it. In searching for a way to open it,Eddie and Dax are impaled by spikes causing an alarm to go off in in Matthew's office. "It's not possible!" Matthew whispers to himself, arms himself with a gun that shoots silver bullets, and goes down to the vault to find that the coffin is gone, the thieves having removed it through a hole they've blasted in the vault's wall. "God help us all!" Matthew exclaims. When Simon comes into work the next day, he finds Matthew preparing to travel. But Matthew won't reveal where he is going, so Simon follows him...all the way to New Orleans. New Orleans: Mary Heller [Justine Waddell] is awakened by a dream in which a vampire is attacking her. Mary has been having this dream for all her life and finds them troubling enough that she is receiving counseling from her family friend, Father David [Nathan Fillion]. She thinks the dreams have to do with something that happened to her mother before she died, and she thinks Fr David might know what it is. But Fr David isn't talking. On the other hand, Mary's roommate, Lucy Westerman [Colleen Fitzpatrick] thinks that all Mary needs is a real man in her bed. But it's Mardi Gras, and Mary vows not to let it bother her. Meanwhile, the thieves are transporting the coffin on a cargo plane. Still trying to open it, Nightshade cuts himself. His blood is sucked into the coffin and the lid opens to reveal a body, a bunch of leeches, and a crucifix set with a ruby. As Nightshade searches the coffin for more treasure, Dracula [Gerard Butler] awakens. One by one, the thieves are drained of their blood, and the plane ultimately crashes in a swamp near New Orleans, the pilot lashed to his seat. While newscaster Valerie Sharpe [Jeri Ryan] is covering the crash, Dracula emerges from the swamp and makes her his second vampiress (Solina being first). Matthew and Simon go to the townhall where the bodies from the plane crash have been taken. By now, they're all vampires. Matthew and Simon manage to destroy some of them, but Solina and Marcus escape. As Matthew and Simon drive away, Matthew finally fills Simon in on what's happening. Stoker's Dracula is real, he says, and Matthew Van Helsing is really Abraham Van Helsing, kept alive by injections of Dracula's blood, which he has been filtering through leeches. Van Helsing has been keeping Dracula's body ever since he bested him in 1897. Unlike other vampires, who can be destroyed by piercing their hearts or cutting off their heads, Dracula cannot die, and Van Helsing intends to remain alive until such time as he can learn the secret to Dracula's origin and find the way to end him. So far, all he has managed to learn is that Dracula hates God and is repulsed by all things Christian. He also reveals that he (Van Helsing) has fathered a daughter, Mary Heller, and that Dracula has come to New Orleans to find her. The two decide to go looking for Mary, Van Helsing to her house and Simon to the Virgin Megastore where she and Lucy both work. Dracula is apparently following the same plan. He comes to Virgin looking for Mary, but Lucy tells him that she isn't there. Lucy takes Dracula home to wait for Mary. Dracula seduces Lucy and turns her into vampiress #3. When Simon arrives at Virgin, Mary has returned. Simon tries to tell her about her father. As they leave the shop, Simon is attacked by Marcus. "Never ever fuck with an antiques dealer," Simon warns Marcus just before beheading him. Meanwhile, Van Helsing arrives at Mary's house, only to find Dracula waiting for him. "You can't have her!" Van Helsing exclaims, but Dracula refuses to listen. "You stole life from my blood and passed it to another," he hisses. "She's MY Mary now." With that, Dracula kills Van Helsing by tossing him into a mirror. Mary goes home to find her father dead and the three vampiresses and Dracula awaiting her. She escapes into Simon's arms. Looking for a sacred place to spend the night, they go to a church. While in the parish library, they research Dracula's background, learning only what they already know about his despise of all things Christian--holy water, the cross, the Bible. Only his dislike of silver remains unexplained. Suddenly, Dracula appears. Mary flees into the church cemetery while Simon attempts to divert Dracula with an open Bible. Dracula *is* diverted...right into the cemetery where he explains to Mary, "I have walked the earth for centuries in search of a soul not bitten but born. Everything I am is yours, and all that you are is mine." Dracula takes Mary to the church roof where he reveals to her the secret of his long existence. He is Judas Iscariot, the disciple who sold out Christ to the Romans for 30 pieces of silver (hence, Dracula's dislike of silver). In atonement, Judas hung himself, but the rope broke and God scourged him with eternal life as a vampire. In a soliloquy in front of a lighted crucifix, Dracula cries out to God, "Now I drink the blood of *your* children. You made the world in your image. Now I make it in mine." Meanwhile, Simon sees the three vampiresses feasting on Mardi Gras revelers. He stakes Valerie, but the remaining two capture him. Dracula takes Mary to Simon and tells her to feed from him. "I'd like his head," Mary says while unsheathing a sword. Just as she prepares to swing the sword, Lucy cries out, "She's faking!" In the melee that follows, Mary beheads Lucy instead of Simon, Simon beheads Solina, and Dracula winds up hanging by his neck from the lighted crucifix...just as the sun comes up. Dracula bursts into flames. Mary vows to take over her father's job of keeping Dracula's ashes, lest Dracula find a way to return to life. [Original by bj_kuehl.] 