nm0010095:

 Mad Bomber in Love (1992)Summaries A no-budget grunge classic about the nightmares of shared accommodation with an urban terrorist as your new flatmate. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 WillFull (2001)Summaries In this supernatural comic fantasy, C. Thomas Howell plays a motivational speaker whose girlfriend is contacted by her dead mother who follows her around offering unsolicited advice. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tuesday Night Live: The Big Gig (19901991)Summaries The series brought a number of new comedy acts to national prominence and made major stars of its host, Wendy Harmer, who later became a top-rating host on morning radio in Sydney, and the regularly featured act, the Doug Anthony All-Stars. Paul Gerard Kennedy It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Magic Mountain (1997 )Summaries Magic Mountain follows the adventures of Lion, Tortoise, Panda and Dragon, four friends having lots of fun with a little Dragon magic thrown in. Magic Mountain follows the adventures of Lion, Tortoise, Panda and Dragon, four friends having lots of fun with a little Dragon magic thrown in. Tortoise is a motherly figure, always looking out for the others and trying to help them. Dragon lives in a cave, and is very wise, with magical powers that often get the others out of trouble. Panda is a little bit vain, but still a likeable character who is quite smart, and Lion is very playful, full of ideas and is constantly getting into mischief. These four creatures enjoy wonderful times as they invent unusual games, play tricks on each other, and have exciting adventures as they explore their enchanting world. Paul Gerard Kennedy It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 