nm0004590:

 Troy (2004)321) An adaptation of Homer's great epic, the film follows the assault on Troy by the united Greek forces and chronicles the fates of the men involved. It is the year 1250 B.C. during the late Bronze age. Two emerging nations begin to clash after Paris, the Trojan prince, convinces Helen, Queen of Sparta, to leave her husband, Menelaus, and sail with him back to Troy. After Menelaus finds out that his wife was taken by the Trojans, he asks his brother Agamemnon to help him get her back. Agamemnon sees this as an opportunity for power. So they set off with 1,000 ships holding 50,000 Greeks to Troy. With the help of Achilles, the Greeks are able to fight the never before defeated Trojans. But they come to a stop by Hector, Prince of Troy. The whole movie shows their battle struggles and the foreshadowing of fate in this adaptation of Homer's classic "The Iliad." Mensur Gjonbalaj Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story takes place in the fertile, eastern lands bordered by the Mediterranean Sea and kept by the gods. Within the cradle of ancient civilization empires are built, wars fought, alliances forged, and heroes born. Agamemnon ( Brian Cox ), king of Mycenae, has united most of Greece's kingdoms under his rule and now advances his army upon the nation of Thessaly, hoping to include it in his collection of ever-growing conquests. King Triopas ( Julian Glover ) bargains with Agamemnon to each let one of their best fighters decide who wins the battle rather than engaging in open war. Triopas calls upon the giant Boagrius ( Nathan Jones ) while Agamemnon calls to Achilles, but the legendary warrior is nowhere to be found. A messenger boy ( Jacob Smith ) is sent to fetch him and Agamemnon curses the stubborn nature of the fiercest warrior Greece has ever seen. A half-god and blessed with incomparable strength and skill, Achilles lives to fight but he refuses to associate with Agamemnon, preferring instead to seek his own destiny and be immortalized in history. Achilles easily defeats Boagrius, sealing Agamemnon's control over the nation, and calls out if there is anyone else worthy enough to fight him. Triopas offers the Scepter of Thessaly to Achilles to pass on to Agamemnon. Achilles refuses the request and stalks off. Meanwhile, Prince Hector ( Eric Bana ) and Paris ( Orlando Bloom ) of Troy feast in the banquet hall of King Menelaus of Sparta ( Brendan Gleeson ) as honored guests and peace ambassadors to their home nation. However, young Paris sneaks away to be with Menelaus' beautiful wife, Helen ( Diane Kruger ), whom he loves dearly. He convinces her to come back with him to Troy, stowing her away on his brother's ship. When Hector finds out he is clearly angry but it is too late to return to Sparta with Helen and seek pardon. Finding Helen gone, Menelaus vows revenge on Troy and seeks the approval of his brother, Agamemnon, who is only too happy to oblige, though Agamemnon's decision comes mostly from his desire to sack Troy the seemingly undefeatable city. Odysseus ( Sean Bean ), king of Ithaca and under command of Agamemnon, goes to convince Achilles to accompany them in the conquest of Troy. He finds him sparring with his young cousin, Patroclus ( Garrett Hedlund ), who is more than eager to join in the fighting. Achilles refuses to go, despite Odysseus' assurance that this war will go down into history. Achilles later seeks advice from his mother, the sea nymph Thetis ( Julie Christie ), who is gathering shells to make a new necklace for him. She tells him that if he chooses to stay home he will find a wife, raise a family, and die old and loved. If he goes to Troy, he will find his eternal glory and history will remember his name for thousands of years. However, should he go to Troy, he is doomed to die and will never return. Meanwhile, Hector and Paris return to Troy with Helen, greeted warmly by their fellow Trojans. The city is guarded by a high, thick wall that has remained impenetrable since its founding. They meet their father, King Priam ( Peter O'Toole ), who welcomes Helen and praises her beauty. Hector is reunited with his wife, Andromache ( Saffron Burrows ), and his infant son. Achilles decides to join Agamemnon's campaign against Troy but brings his own warriors, the fierce and infamous Myrmidons, led by Eudorus ( Vincent Regan ). Patroclus accompanies them as well. The Myrmidons prove to be faster rowers than the Greeks and arrive on the shores of Troy before anyone else. Achilles gives an impassioned speech to his men, telling them that they will be immortalized in the campaign. Concerned for this cousin's safety and inexperience, Achilles tells Patroclus to stay and watch the ship. The Myrmidons take the beach with ease and sack the Temple of Apollo where priestess and cousin of Hector and Paris, Briseis ( Rose Byrne ), is taken captive. In a defiant move, and despite a warning from Eudorus not to offend the gods, Achilles decapitates the statue of Apollo. Prince Hector leads an offensive to keep the Greeks at bay and runs into the temple where Achilles confronts him but refuses to fight him. Achilles explains that their fight would be suited best in front of an audience and he allows Hector to leave. Briseis is brought to Achilles' hut as his prize. She berates him for killing priests of Apollo before he is summoned to see Agamemnon who is preparing to celebrate the victory. There, tensions rise as Achilles and the king argue over claims to the victory. Agamemnon goes further by bringing in Briseis, claiming her as his own spoil of war, enraging Achilles. He threatens to fight for her but she angrily interjects, saying that no one else will die for her. Achilles stays his blade, to the surprise of Agamemnon. Achilles vows that Agamemnon will one day fall under his sword. That night, Priam seeks the advice of his advisors and elders with his sons in attendance, discussing how best to defend against the Greeks. Paris offers an alternative to bloodshed; he will fight Menelaus for Helen's hand. The winner will take her home and the loser will burn before nightfall. Later, Priam speaks with Paris in a courtyard and admits that, in all the wars hes fought for power or land, a war fought for love makes more sense. He gives Paris the Sword of Troy, forged at its founding and containing the history of their nation. He explains that as long as a Trojan wields it there is hope for their people. Hector goes to see his wife and son. She fears for his life and can't imagine living on without him. He comforts her before getting up to see his brother. In the halls, he sees a cloaked figure and gives pursuit to find that it's Helen trying to leave the city. She is remorseful for being the sole reason so many Trojan men died that day but Hector tells her that returning to Menelaus will not end the war and that she is a princess of Troy now. Helen returns to Paris. The next day, Agamemnon's army marches for Troy while Achilles, still seething over his loss of Briseis, watches from a nearby hill with his men. Hector and Paris ride out to meet Agamemnon and Menelaus before battle. Agamemnon demands that the Trojans return Helen to his brother and submit to his rule. Hector bravely rebuffs but Paris offers to fight Menelaus one-on-one, hoping that will settle the dispute. While Agamemnon could care less about returning Helen to his brother, he allows Menelaus the opportunity to issue revenge. The two begin their fight and Menelaus is clearly stronger. Paris, fighting under his brother's advice of waiting until Menelaus tires, is wounded and disarmed but, before Menelaus can deliver a death blow, ducks away and crawls back to his brother. Stunned at his cowardice, Menelaus demands the fight to continue but Hector defends his brother and drives his sword through Menelaus, killing him. Enraged, Agamemnon charges forward with his army. Watching from his hilltop, Achilles curses under his breath at Agamemnon's inability to keep his ranks in formation. Hector proves to be the more able warrior and overpowers the Greeks with his tactics. One of the strongest Greek warriors, Ajax ( Tyler Mane ) is felled by Hector. Odysseus advises Agamemnon to fall back before he loses his entire army and the Greeks retreat to the beach where their archers provide defense. With Menelaus dead, the primary reason for the assault on Troy is gone and Agamemnon struggles to think of a way to rally the troops to his cause. Odysseus suggests that Agamemnon put his reservations aside and enlist Achilles to fight again. Outside, Briseis is tossed around between Greek soldiers, having been given to them by Agamemnon. Before she can be cruelly branded, Achilles steps in and takes her back to his hut. He gives her a wet cloth to clean with and some food. When she questions why he fights and defies the gods, he shows her a more reflective side to his nature and explains that the gods are jealous of men for their short, mortal lives. As such, everything is more beautiful. Priam consults with his advisors again while Paris laments over his cowardice. Helen assures him that, though Menelaus was a strong warrior, she hated her life with him. She'd rather have someone to love and grow old with than to see him die on the battlefield. Hector advises his father that the Greeks underestimated Trojan strength and that they should not do the same. However, General Glaucus ( James Cosmo ) wants to strike preemptively. High Priest Archeptolemus ( Nigel Terry ) claims Troy is favored by the gods, citing bird omens. Despite Hector's warnings to keep behind their walls, Priam favors his advisors and issues an attack before daybreak. As Achilles sleeps that night, Briseis takes a dagger and holds it to his throat. Without opening his eyes, he encourages her to kill him but she hesitates. They realize their feelings for each other and make love. Achilles decides that he's had enough of war and offers to take Briseis away from Troy. Afterwards, he speaks with Eudorus and tells him that they will go home. Patroclus is devastated, having hoped to take part in battle. Achilles returns to his hut. Just as dawn approaches, the Trojan army, led by Hector, set up on the dunes and sent hundreds of lit arrows into the sand. The Greeks awake in time to see large balls of hay being rolled down the hill towards camp, ignited in huge fireballs by the torched arrows. Banging their shields to intimidate their enemy, the Trojans advance towards the Greek camp. Suddenly, Achilles appears in his armor and rallies the troops to fight. Achilles fights his way towards Hector and the two engage in combat. Greeks and Trojans alike surround them, edging them on, until Hector slits Achilles' throat with a swift slash of his sword. Achilles falls, gasping for breath, while the Myrmidons look on in horror. But when Hector removes his helmet, he discovers that the man he wounded is not Achilles but Patroclus. Hector, repentant but resolute, drives his sword into the boy's chest to finish him. He addresses Odysseus and tells him they've fought enough that day. Before leaving, Odysseus tells Hector that Patroclus was Achilles' cousin. The Myrmidons return to camp as Achilles emerges from his tent. Seeing them battle-worn, he asks why they disobeyed him. Eudorus laments that Patroclus disguised himself in Achilles' armor, even moved like him, and fell under Hector. Achilles is outraged and attacks Eudorus. Briseis tries to stop him but he throws her to the ground. Hector returns to his wife. He admits that he killed a boy who was much too young and feels that his actions will have severe repercussions. He shows his wife a hidden passage under Troy that she can take civilians through to get to the mountains should he die and the walls be breached. Though she is upset to have to consider the plan, she heeds his advice. Achilles puts his cousin on a funeral pyre and sets it alight. Agamemnon watches and says, "That boy may have just saved the war for us," knowing that the rage of Achilles will not wane until he's had revenge. Meanwhile, Helen watches as Paris practices his archery in preparation for battle, hitting his target with increasing accuracy. The following morning, Achilles sets off to enact vengeance upon Hector. Briseis begs him not to go, but he ignores her. He takes his chariot to the gates of Troy and calls for Hector who dresses in his armor and says goodbye to his wife. He meets Achilles outside alone. Achilles throws down his helmet so that Hector can see his face. Though Hector tries to reason, Achilles is bent on bloodlust. As they begin to fight, Priam and Paris watch while Helen comforts Andromache who can't bring herself to look. The two fight furiously, breaking each other's spears. Hector trips on an embedded stone and is ordered by his opponent to stand and resume the fight. Achilles overpowers Hector when he throws the tip of a spear into his chest and finishes him off with his sword. He then ties Hector's legs together behind his chariot and drags him away, back to the beach while the Trojans look on in horror. When he returns to his hut, Briseis cries out and asks when the killing will stop before leaving. That night, Achilles is visited by a stranger in a cloak. The stranger kisses Achilles' hand before revealing himself as King Priam. Having stealthily entered the Greek camp unnoticed, Priam begs for the return of his son's body to be given a proper burial. He tells Achilles that, while Hector killed his cousin, he did not know who it was and he asks Achilles how many cousins and brothers he's killed in his time. Despite being enemies, he asks for respect. Achilles relents. He weeps over Hector's body, promising to meet him in the next life, before giving him to Priam. When Briseis comes forward, Achilles allows her to go home and apologizes for hurting her. He gives Priam his word that the Greeks will not attack Troy for 12 days to allow for proper mourning. When Agamemnon hears of Achilles' secret treaty with Priam, he becomes incensed. Odysseus, who notices the sculpture of a horse a fellow soldier has made for his son, proposes a plan, using the 12 days of mourning to their advantage. After 12 days, the Trojans discover that the beach has been abandoned and various bodies lie in the sand. They appear to have been taken by disease and, where the heart of the camp once was, a large wooden horse has been erected. Priam is advised that the horse was left as a gift to the god Poseidon and is encouraged to bring it back to Troy. Paris, who is suspicious, urges his father to burn the horse immediately, but Priam brings the horse into the city where its revered as a sign of the end of the war. A Trojan scout, hiking through the cliffs outside the city, comes upon a cove apart from the main beach and discovers the Greek armada hiding there. However, he is killed by arrow before he can warn the rest of Troy. Meanwhile, the whole city celebrates into the night. Once everything has quieted down, the horse opens and Achilles, Odysseus, and a small detachment of Greek soldiers emerge and slay several guards and open Troy's gates. The Greek army quickly pours into the city, pillaging and burning homes and killing any Trojan who stands in their way while a tearful Priam can only watch. Soldiers of Troy attempt to defend the royal palace, but fail. As Priam prays before the statue of Apollo and asks why he's been forsaken, Agamemnon approaches behind him and stabs him in the back. Achilles, meanwhile, searches the city for Briseis. Paris and Andromache lead surviving civilians down to the secret passage where Paris gives a young boy, Aeneas ( Frankie Fitzgerald ) (a progenitor of the Romans), the Sword of Troy, reciting what his father told him. He then returns with his bow and arrow to help fight. Briseis is praying before a statue of Apollo when she is grabbed from behind by Agamemnon. Achilles finds them and rushes to her rescue. Agamemnon tells Briseis his intent to take her back to Greece as his slave before she takes a concealed knife and fatally stabs him in the neck. His guards accost her but Achilles kills them. As he is helping her up, Paris arrives and shoots an arrow through Achilles' left heel. Standing up to face Paris, despite Briseis' cries, Achilles is shot again through the chest. He removes the arrow only to be shot several more times. He finally collapses and tells Briseis that she was his peace in a lifetime of war and urges her to escape. Briseis goes with Paris and they leave as the Greeks arrive at the palace to find Achilles dead, seemingly taken by a single shot to the heel (thus perpetuating the myth surrounding his death). Achilles' body is burned honorably on a funeral pyre within the ruins of Troy the following day as Odysseus watches and exalts, "If they ever tell my story, let them say I walked with giants. Men rise and fall like the winter wheat, but these names will never die. Let them say I lived in the time of Hector, tamer of horses. Let them say I lived in the time of Achilles." 
 Edge of Tomorrow (2014)541) A soldier fighting aliens gets to relive the same day over and over again, the day restarting every time he dies. An alien race has hit the Earth in an unrelenting assault, unbeatable by any military unit in the world. Major William Cage (Cruise) is an officer who has never seen a day of combat when he is unceremoniously dropped into what amounts to a suicide mission. Killed within minutes, Cage now finds himself inexplicably thrown into a time loop-forcing him to live out the same brutal combat over and over, fighting and dying again...and again. But with each battle, Cage becomes able to engage the adversaries with increasing skill, alongside Special Forces warrior Rita Vrataski (Blunt). And, as Cage and Vrataski take the fight to the aliens, each repeated encounter gets them one step closer to defeating the enemy! Warner Bros. Pictures When an alien race called Mimics invades and destroys Europe, London is the last resistance in the Old Continent. General Brigham plans an attack to France expecting to defeat the Mimics and orders Major William Cage, who is an American public relation officer, to cover the invasion. However Cage does not accept the assignment and threatens General Brigham to expose the casualties. He is arrested, accused of desertion, demoted to private and assigned to fight in the invasion under the command of the tough Sergeant Farell in the Heathrow Base. Humans are slaughtered in the invasion and Cage kills a Mimic and is sprayed by his blood; in less than five minutes combat, Cage dies. Surprisingly he awakes in the Heathrow Base and relives the same day over and over after dieing. Each time, Cage tries to fix the deaths of his squad and he meets Sergeant Rita Vrataski who asks him to find her when he awakes in the base. Rita brings Cage to meet Dr. Carter who explains to him that he killed an Alpha and his blood has given the ability to reset time. Further, the last hope of earth is the destruction of the Mimic leader, referred to as the Omega, who is hidden. Will Cage and Rita succeed in their solitary mission? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Before the numbing technological superiority of the omnipotent extraterrestrial menace known only as the "Mimics", mankind stands helpless, doomed to accept an ignoble fate. Having harnessed an unfathomable ability, the hordes of the ferocious alien race are practically invincible; unless we, humans, come up with an unexpected and drastic counter-attack. When the unseasoned officer, Major William Cage, learns firsthand the magnitude of the problem with his own life, he quickly realises that death is only the beginning--each blood-drenched battle with the formidable foes brings him back to square one, only with a dash of improvement in his fighting capacity. Perhaps now, Cage, his legendary brother-in-arms, Rita Vrataski, and the rest of the world have a fighting chance against the otherworldly opponent. Can we solve the enemy's enigma? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A series of fragmented news broadcasts describes how an asteroid carrying an alien race called the Mimics has crashed in Europe and devastated the continent in a deadly war. Losing battle after battle over five years, the NATO-led United Defense Forces finally win a victory at Verdun, France, utilizing new mechanized "jacket" combat suits. UK Special Forces soldier Sgt. Rita Vrataski ( Emily Blunt ) is hailed as "The Angel of Verdun" after killing hundreds of Mimics single-handedly. She becomes an instant icon and a recruiting boon for the human military as the united human armies prepare to use the momentum at Verdun to commit all their forces in a multi-pronged final assault on Europe. One of the talking heads on the newsreels telling Vrataski's story and boosting the war effort is Major William Cage ( Tom Cruise ) of the US Army. Cage awakens from a doze on a helicopter trip to London the morning before the invasion of France is set to take place. He meets with the Commander of the Western allies, General Brigham ( Brendan Gleeson ), assuming the General wants Cage to help him boost his public image or prepare for a post-war political career. Instead, the General orders Cage to accompany the first wave of Allied troops to land in France and provide ground coverage for the media. Cage, who was a college ROTC Cadet and majoring in advertising and has no experience in combat, tries all of the tricks he can think of to avoid the order to embed with combat units and avoid deployment, ending with an effort to blackmail the General using his media skills. The General agrees that Cage won't film the invasion, but orders Cage arrested. Cage attempts to escape but the guards Taser him, rendering him unconscious. Cage wakes up on a pile of duffel bags in the afternoon at Heathrow Airport, which has become a huge military base and the jump-off point for the invasion of the Continent. A Sergeant kicks him and calls him 'maggot' before Sergeant Farrell ( Bill Paxton ) takes over. Sgt. Farrell has orders received from General Brigham that describe Private Cage as a deserter who has impersonated a Major. Cage is assigned to a band of odd-ball soldiers, J-Squad, who are caught gambling while playing poker by Farrell when Cage is introduced to them. Farrell forces J-Squad to eat the cards they are gambling with and then instructs them to get Cage ready to deploy with them tomorrow. Cage is immediately taken by the squad for Physical Training (PT). The next day Cage is a nervous wreck. He is given a battle suit but the members of J-Squad won't teach him how to use it, including how to disable his weapon' safe mode, because they believe he will just die quickly. As they are about to drop from aircraft onto the French coast, the back of their aircraft is struck by an enemy weapon and the squad drops prematurely. Although the operation to retake Europe was meant to be a surprise attack, the Mimics are completely prepared, and slaughter the humans. Sgt. Vrataski also lands on the beach but is killed within minutes. The surviving members of J-Squad are all killed rapidly. Still shell-shocked and about to die, Cage grabs a Claymore mine as a giant blue Mimic, an Alpha, jumps on him. The ensuing blast kills the Alpha Mimic, and just before Cage dies, the Alpha's blue blood covers Cage's wounds. Cage immediately awakes in a panic in the same spot he was the day before, on top of the duffel bags. The same sergeant calls him a 'maggot' and Farrell again takes him to J-squad. Despite his desperate attempt to explain that the Mimics will ambush the entire invasion, nobody believes him. Stuck in a time loop, he is repeatedly deployed and dies in a variety of ways, only to wake up again and again on the duffel bags. With each time loop, he becomes slightly more adept at killing Mimics and saving members of J-Squad and Vrataski, but the Mimics are too numerous and eventually kill everyone. In one loop, he survives long enough to tell Vrataski that he is stuck in a time loop. Recognizing his situation, Vrataski tells Cage to "Find me when you wake up," before they are both killed again. Cage awakens on the duffel bags again, but cooperates with Sgt. Farrell and J-Squad to buy himself time to find Vrataski. After several fatal attempts in the base at slipping away, Cage finally manages to get away during PT and finds Vrataski in a training bay surrounded by training drones. The special forces soldiers are all hostile towards him and Vrataski greets him rudely, but when he explains that Vrataski asked for him, she whisks him away to a weapons building bay where her acquaintance, Dr. Carter ( Noah Taylor ) works. There they go to a back room and Vrataski and Carter explain the time loop. Carter was formerly a researcher in General Brigham's HQ, and devised a theory that all Mimics are just neural manifestations of one overmind 'Omega' alien creature. He tells Carter that the aliens posses the ability to turn time back, so each time an Alpha Mimic is killed, they cycle time backwards, enabling them to precisely anticipate the invasion forces' next actions. Vrataski explains she got into the loop when the blood of a large blue 'Alpha' Mimic was spilled on her, just as Cage experienced. She was stuck in a time loop at Verdun, allowing her to kill hundreds of Mimics single-handedly in what became her final loop. She explains that she was wounded and received a human blood transfusion, causing the alien blood to lose its effectiveness, and breaking the time loop. Vrataski tells Cage that he must repeat the loop until he is shown some piece of information that will help them succeed. She also tells him to always make sure he dies on the battlefield or in training or she'll have to kill him to start over. Carter created a device that could locate the Omega if it is stabbed into an Alpha Mimic but no one believed his theory and he was demoted and relegated to a mechanical repair unit. Cage tries to understand what he is saying but Vrataski says that to find the Omega they must first survive the invasion tomorrow. Through a large number of loops, she trains Cage, in some instances killing him over his protests when he is seriously injured so that he will resume the loop. Cage and Vrataski improved their combat skills and progress on the beach during the invasion, but despite their efforts, they both keep dying and Cage remains stuck in his loop. Cage becomes attracted to Vrataski and watching her die in repeated loops starts to take an emotional toll on him. Cage finally experiences a vision showing the Omega hiding deep inside a dam in Germany. Vrataski and Carter believe the visions are due to Cage being exposed to an Alpha Mimic's blood. They believe the Omega can manipulate time and perception. Cage and Vrataski focus their efforts on surviving the invasion beach and getting inland to Germany. After multiple failures and deaths, Cage and Vrataski finally make it inland. During the repeated attempts Cage develops an attraction to Vrataski, and he slowly gathers details about Vrataski. In one loop, Vrataski tells Cage that she had a boyfriend at Verdun who she watched die three hundred times until she could no longer loop and he was dead for good. After they find a helicopter at a farmhouse, Vrataski realizes Cage is trying to coax her to stay in the farmhouse while he goes alone and confronts Omega. Cage admits they have looped to the farmhouse multiple times already, but every single time Vrataski dies, so he is trying to prevent her from dying again by going alone. Shocked and offended, she intentionally gets them killed. During one loop, believing the fight is pointless, Cage decides not to meet Vrataski and instead goes to London and stops in a pub. There, Cage sees the Mimic's next step in its attack: a large-scale amphibious assault on London in which Operation Downfall forces are destroyed. Cage is killed in London, and Vrataski and Cage work on a plan to get off the beach. After numerous loops, they make their way inland towards the Omega. Cage eventually succeeds in making it to the German dam alone, but finds nothing and is almost captured by the Mimics before he manages to drown himself. In the next loop, Cage, Vrataski, and Carter put the pieces together and figure out the visions: Vrataski's success in Verdun was all a ruse by the Omega Mimic. The Omega had let the humans win at Verdun in order to lure the humans into invading Europe, where all the human armies would be ambushed and annihilated. With no other leads, the device Carter made which got him fired is their last chance. Vrataski and Cage switch focus to getting the device, which is at Whitehall in a safe in General Brigham's office. They infiltrate the Ministry of Defense and, after numerous loops, persuade Brigham to give them the transponder. Brigham relents and gives them the transponder before sending troops after them as they attempt to escape by car. As they escape, Vrataski stabs the transponder into Cage's leg. Cage sees the true location of the Omega: deep under the Louvre Museum in Paris. As they attempt to escape from the Allied headquarters, their car is stopped by a soldier in a mechanical jacket, and the airbag knocks out Vrataski before she can kill Cage. Cage awakens strapped to a hospital gurney, under arrest. He sees that he is receiving a blood transfusion and realizes that he can no longer loop in time. Vrataski helps Cage escape, but without the ability to loop in time again and only several hours before the doomed invasion, Cage decides to recruit the misfit J-Squad to help them get to Paris. Cage's now-intimate knowledge of J-Squad and Vrataski's credibility convinces J-Squad to accompany them. They steal an aircraft and fly to Paris. Once in the vicinity of the Louvre, the Mimics attack their aircraft. They must avoid killing the Alpha Mimic guarding the Omega, because that will cause the Omega to reset time, so all the team members are told to "take one for the team" - that is, to accept death - and not try to kill any Alpha Mimic in case they find themselves with one face-to-face. In the ensuing firefight half of J-Squad are killed. Cage, Vrataski, and three remaining J-Squad members decide to use the remaining engine power to slide the aircraft into the Louvre. Once inside, they plan to use grenades to destroy the Omega. The rest of J-Squad sacrifice themselves in the slide, and Cage and Vrataski make it into the museum. Once there, Vrataski tells Cage she will distract the Alpha Mimic while he attempts to drop a belt of grenades onto the Omega, which is under water deep under the Louvre. Vrataski tells him that neither one of them will survive the ordeal and kisses him, telling him that she wishes she had more time to get to know Cage better. Vrataski leaves to distract the Alpha Mimic and Cage dives underwater to find the Omega. After a brief chase, the Alpha catches and kills Vrataski. The Omega senses Cage and dispatches the Alpha to kill Cage. The Alpha dives after Cage and stabs him, but before he dies, Cage pulls the grenade pins and drops the grenade belt into the Omega. The Omega explodes and dies, and all the Mimics die with it. After Cage dies, the Omega's blood washes over and seeps into him, like the Alpha's blood did on the first day of the loop, and his eyes open. Cage wakens suddenly, confused, and finds himself on the helicopter en route to London on the morning before the invasion and his meeting with General Brigham. He disembarks and hears the celebratory pealing of bells. He watches a news conference during which the General announces that a huge mysterious energy blast was detected in Paris. The General says that the Mimics have died and the human forces will commence a huge sweep through Europe the next day. He sees J-Squad engaging in PT at the base. Cage looks for Vrataski and everyone treats him with respect due an officer. He finds Vrataski and she greets him with the same rudeness she has every time they meet in every loop. Cage smiles broadly. 
 Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation (2015)871) Ethan and his team take on their most impossible mission yet when they have to eradicate an international rogue organization as highly skilled as they are and committed to destroying the IMF. CIA chief Hunley (Baldwin) convinces a Senate committee to disband the IMF (Impossible Mission Force), of which Ethan Hunt (Cruise) is a key member. Hunley argues that the IMF is too reckless. Now on his own, Hunt goes after a shadowy and deadly rogue organization called the Syndicate. After an excoriating official US government review of its history of questionable missions with high stakes and considerable collateral damage, the IMF is disbanded. Regardless, Ethan Hunt is undeterred from his personal mission to stop a sinister counter-organization to the IMF, the Syndicate. Now a fugitive from the CIA, Hunt secretly calls his colleagues together to accomplish that, which soon also involves a mysterious woman who has an agenda of her own with those criminals. With both sides playing deadly complex games of intrigue, Hunt and his team must take even more risk with difficult options to protect the world. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) IMF agent Ethan Hunt is looking for a group of rogue agents known as the Syndicate. When Ethan foils one of their operations, they capture him. Ethan escapes because one of them, a woman, helped him. Ethan then contacts Brandt but Brandt tells him that IMF has been shut down. So Ethan goes out and tries to find them on his own. Months later Brandt and Benji are working at the CIA under the man who shut down IMF, Hunley. Benji gets a trip to Vienna and when he goes he meets Ethan. They attend an opera wherein the Chancellor attends. Ethan sees that someone is about to shoot the Chancellor but he stops him but he sees the woman who helped him there too and with a gun too but she helps Ethan. The Chancellor is evacuated but when he gets in his car it explodes. The woman who says her name is Ilsa tells Ethan who the leader of the syndicate is and Ethan lets her go. Ethan then goes to try and find him. Hunley upon learning if what happened in Vienna and thinking Ethan is involved tells Brandt to get him. rcs0411@yahoo.com Ethan is labeled as a rogue agent after the IMF is disavowed by the CIA. The CIA believes that the Syndicate is a figment of Ethan's imagination so they try desperately to take him in. Meanwhile, the Syndicate grows stronger and a British Secret agent who is undercover as a member of the Syndicate, joins with Ethan and his team to take down the Syndicate at last. Brandon B After another operation breaking the protocol, CIA Director Alan Hunley decides to shutdown the IMF. Ethan Hunt is trying to prove the existence of the evil organization The Syndicate but he captured by his agents. However he succeeds to escape with the help of mysterious Syndicate agent Ilsa Faust. Trapped in London, Ethan requests support from William Brandt that tells him that can not do anything to help him since the IMF does not exist anymore. The lonely Ethan decides to follow his only lead, the rogue Syndicate agent Lane. A couple of months later, Ethan summons his friend and former colleague Benji Dunn to go to Austria to help him since he believes the Syndicate will try to assassin the Austrian Chancellor during the opera Turandot. Ethan saves the Chancellor from three snipers but he is killed by a bomb in his car. One of the snipers is Ilsa that gives a lead of Lane's scheme to Ethan. Who is the agent Ilsa Faust? Will Ethan be capable to prove that the Syndicate does exist? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After intercepting nerve gas being sold to Chechen terrorists in Minsk, IMF agent Ethan Hunt is determined to prove the existence of the Syndicate, a criminal consortium the CIA does not believe exists. Hunt is captured by the Syndicate at a record shop in London, while their leader, a blond man in glasses, kills the female IMF agent stationed there. Hunt escapes a torture chamber led by Syndicate member Janik "Bone Doctor" Vinter with the help of disavowed MI6 agent and now Syndicate operative Ilsa Faust. In Washington, D.C., CIA Director Alan Hunley and IMF Field Operations Director William Brandt testify before a Senate committee. The IMF, currently without a secretary in charge, is controversial because of its destructive methods and other misconduct. Hunley succeeds in having the IMF disbanded and absorbed into the CIA. Brandt, knowing Hunley will try to capture Hunt, warns him to stay undercover. Cut off from the IMF, Hunt follows his only lead: the man in glasses, later identified as former MI6 agent Solomon Lane.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Impossible Missions Force Agent William Brandt ( Jeremy Renner ) is directing two members of his team, Benji Dunn ( Simon Pegg ) and Luther Stickell ( Ving Rhames ), in an attempt to retrieve a package from a cargo plane that's about to take off in Minsk, Belarus. Luther is connecting Benji to the plane's electronics by hacking a Russian satellite, which is likely to get them into trouble -- and Brandt reminds them that they're already under investigation for misconduct. As the plane rolls onto the runway, Benji finds that most of the plane's systems are secured -- he can't shut down the fuel pump, the electrical system, or the hydraulics. Just then the missing member of the team, IMF Agent Ethan Hunt ( Tom Cruise ), sprints over a hill by the runway and leaps onto the plane, demanding that Benji open the plane's door. By the time Benji gets the right door open the plane is up and away, but Ethan escapes with the package -- many canisters of toxic nerve gas, conveniently prepared for a parachute drop. The nerve gas was being sold to a terrorist group, but none of the people who sent it from Belarus had the means to obtain it. Ethan is convinced this trail will lead him to the Syndicate, an international criminal consortium whose very existence has been in doubt. Reporting to an IMF substation that's disguised as a London record shop to receive his next orders, Ethan is captured by the Syndicate and watches in horror as a Syndicate agent kills his contact. He wakes up in a torture chamber, where he observes some discord -- Syndicate operative and disavowedMI6agent Ilsa Faust ( Rebecca Ferguson ), who's preparing to interrogate Ethan with drugs, is forced to step aside by her colleague Janik Vinter ( Jens Hultn ). He's called the Bonedoctor and has a case full of scary instruments to prove his right to the nickname. Ethan escapes with help from Ilsa, but she refuses to go with him. Meanwhile, Brant appears with CIA director Alan Hunley ( Alec Baldwin ) before a Senate oversight committee. Brandt must respond to every question by refusing to confirm or deny anything without permission from the secretary (of defense, presumably) ... which he cannot get because there is, at the moment, no secretary in office. This allows Hunley to have his way with the committee. At his request the IMF is disbanded and absorbed into the CIA, guaranteeing that Ethan -- who Hunley thinks has gone rogue -- will be captured within the day. Six months later, Ethan is still on the run. Unable to find the Syndicate without help, he enlists his former colleague Benji, who's happy to take a break from the CIA -- Hunley is sure Benji knows how to find Ethan and subjects him to weekly polygraphs (which Benji beats handily). Ethan arranges for Benji to attend Turandotin Vienna to search for Solomon Lane ( Sean Harris ), who Ethan suspects is the leader of the Syndicate. Although Ethan and Benji thwart three snipers at the opera (one of whom is Ilsa), the Austrian chancellor ( Rupert Wickham ) is killed by a car bomb. Ethan reveals to Benji that the Syndicate has been assassinating minor world leaders for some time; the murder of the chancellor of Austria is an escalation and a signal that the Syndicate is stepping out of the shadows. Brandt recruits Luther to help find Ethan and prevent Hunley's team from killing him. Using a likeness of Ilsa left by Ethan, Brandt and Luther are able to track Ethan, Benji, and Faust to Morocco, where they're infiltrating a secure server underneath a power station. Their target is a well-protected ledger containing the names of all Syndicate agents and information on where the Syndicate keeps its money. The three of them execute an elaborate scheme in which Ethan is nearly drowned. As soon as he starts breathing again, Ilsa whacks Benji and takes the drive holding the ledger. During the ensuing chase, Brandt and Luther catch up with Ethan and Benji, while Ilsa joins a team of Syndicate motorcycle goons just long enough to get a bike of her own. Ilsa manages to escape, but Benji reveals he had already made a copy of the data. Ilsa returns to London and attempts to pass the drive containing the Syndicate ledger to her handler, MI6 Director Attlee ( Simon McBurney ), who compels Ilsa to return to the Syndicate and finish her mission. She returns to Lane, only to find that Attlee has wiped the drive, which in fact contained an encrypted "red box." A red box is a data safe programmed by the British government; unlocking it requires the prime minister's biometrics. The former IMF agents confront Ilsa, but when Lane's men abduct Benji, Ethan and company are told they must deliver a decrypted copy of the drive to Lane. Brandt contacts Hunley and reveals their location. At a charity auction, the two try and prevent Ethan from attacking the prime minister, whom they and Attlee take to a secure room. Ethan, having posed as Attlee, reveals himself and has the prime minister confirm the existence of the Syndicate, a classified project to perform missions without oversight (though the prime minister insists that he cancelled the project while it was still in the planning stages). When the real Attlee arrives, Ethan subdues him and he admits that he had been covering up the existence of the Syndicate since Lane hijacked the project and went rogue. Luther discovers the file actually contains access to billions of pounds. Ethan memorizes the data and destroys the file to force Lane to release Benji and Ilsa in exchange for what he knows. He goads Lane, drawing him into the open and luring him into a bulletproof cell where he is taken into custody. Ilsa drives away, telling Ethan, "you know how to find me." Some time later, Hunley and Brandt return to the oversight committee, where Brandt once again refuses to confirm or deny anything without permission from the secretary. Hunley secures the reinstatement of the IMF, claiming that his previous efforts to have it disbanded were all to allow Hunt to go undercover. The committee, though skeptical, approves, and on the way out Brandt addresses Hunley as "Mr. Secretary." 
 Mission: Impossible - Fallout (2018)761) Ethan Hunt and his IMF team, along with some familiar allies, race against time after a mission gone wrong. Two years after Ethan Hunt had successfully captured Solomon Lane, the remnants of the Syndicate have reformed into another organization called the Apostles. Under the leadership of a mysterious fundamentalist known only as John Lark, the organization is planning on acquiring three plutonium cores. Ethan and his team are sent to Berlin to intercept them, but the mission fails when Ethan saves Luther and the Apostles escape with the plutonium. With CIA agent August Walker joining the team, Ethan and his allies must now find the plutonium cores before it's too late. Anonymous After a mission goes wrong and anarchist Solomon Lane (Sean Harris) escapes custody, Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) and his IMF team are blamed and their loyalty is questioned. They attempt to fulfill their initial mission and recapture Lane while also trying to outrun a ruthless CIA agent (Henry Cavill) tasked with taking them out. As Hunt fends off these old and new threats, he also realizes allies within IMF might have other motives. Produced, written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie. Alec Baldwin, Angela Bassett, Rebecca Ferguson, Simon Pegg, Ving Rhames and Michelle Monaghan co-star. Two years after Solomon Lane's capture, the remains of his organization The Syndicate have reorganized as a rogue terrorist group called the Apostles. IMF agent Ethan Hunt is assigned to buy three stolen plutonium cores in Berlin from "elements of the Eastern European underworld". He is joined by Benji Dunn and Luther Stickell for the mission, but the team fails when Stickell is taken hostage and Hunt's attempt to save him allows the Apostles to make off with the plutonium. The team later captures nuclear weapons expert Nils Delbruuk, who designed nuclear devices for an extremist named John Lark, in order to find Lark.. After successfully defeating and dismantling the powerful terrorist cabal, The Syndicate, Ethan Hunt finds himself dealing with the repercussions of his actions; a dangerous new enemy, known only as "John Lark", emerges from the darkness, hatching a master plan that pits Ethan and his team back against his old nemesis, Solomon Lane. Two years after Solomon Lane was taken into custody, the remaining agents of the Syndicate have evolved into the Apostles. After a mission to recover a deadly weapon goes wrong, IMF agent Ethan Hunt and his team are forced to work alongside CIA agent Augustus Walker as they must race against time to continue their assignment. When Lane escapes from prison, Hunt must do whatever it takes to capture him once more. Unknown to Hunt, his old ally Ilsa Faust has been assigned to kill Lane. On a side note, the team finds out too late that they are up against a mysterious new enemy named John Lark who is waiting for his moment to strike. Blazer346 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Ethan and Julia getting married by a pastor who turns out to be Solomon Lane. He tells Ethan that Ethan should have killed him when he had the chance. There is a fallout all of a sudden and Ethan wakes up from his dream. Following the capture of Solomon Lane, the remaining members of 'Syndicate' have become known as 'The Apostles' and Ethan receives a message about one of their members called John Lark set to buy 3 plutonium cores from black arms dealers in Berlin, Germany and how John also had a Russian nuclear weapons specialist captured (Ethan did). At the buy, Ethan poses as John Lark but things don't go well when Luther is taken hostage with Ethan choosing to save Luther and the 3 plutonium cores go missing. Ethan then interrogates the weapons specialist in the hospital while he is watching a CNN news story of the plutonium cores having caused an attack on Jerusalem, The Vatican and Mecca. The specialist agrees to give Ethan the code to his laptop to track John Lark if John's testimony about there being no peace without first a great suffering being read on CNN. After this occurs, the specialist gives the code with it turning out that the whole CNN news story was faked and no attacks have occurred as of yet. It is revealed that Benji was posing as the news reporter and they were not in a hospital but a facility made to look like one. TITLE SCREEN. Ethan finds out about John set to buy the plutonium cores from a woman called the 'White Widow' at a gala in Paris, France. She runs a charitable organization which in secret deals weapons and nuclear arms. CIA agent August Walker accompanies Ethan to Paris in order to keep an eye on him due to having lost the plutonium cores in Berlin. Using a CIA Cargo plane, they plan to HALO jump into Paris, undetected. On board, they do not get along too well and Walker insists on jumping despite Ethan's warnings about the storm. During their jump out of the plane, Walker - ironically - is struck by lightning but Ethan manages to save his life after providing him with his own oxygen and the 2 successfully manage to land. At the gala, they find John Lark with the intention of Ethan stealing his face and voice to pose as him for the white widow. Lark ends up fighting back at them in the toilets however where Ilsa unexpectedly shows up and kills Lark by shooting him in the face. With no face to make a mask, Ethan then goes to the white widow pretending to be Lark with Ilsa warning him that if he does, he will die as many operatives are in Paris to kill Lark. Ethan is successful in winning the widow's trust and they manage to escape from the assassins sent to kill Lark with help from Walker and Ilsa. It turns out that the widow only has 1 plutonium core and that for the other 2 cores, Solomon Lane must be handed to her courier (who is working for The Apostles) in London, England. The only way to do this is extract Lane from a police transfer whom since being captured, has been interrogated and interviewed by many governments around the world. Ethan surmised that all police officers have to be killed in the process, which shocks him inside. However, Ethan agrees to the deal pretending that he has no line (since he is posing as Lark). During the event itself, Ethan takes the help of the widow's men, including her brother. However, Ethan changes his plan without informing such that no cop has to be killed. Lane's van is pushed into the water and Ethan and Walker drive away while being chased by the police. In the meantime, Benji and Luther extract Lane underwater. Walker and Ethan switch from their truck to motorbikes which they already set up and while Walker manages to get away, due to technical difficulties, Ethan's cover is blown. However, he manages to escape and the team now has Lane under their custody. When they come out into the open, a cop lady finds them in an awkward moment. The widow's men catch up with them and shoot the cop and then point their guns at Ethan for betraying them. Ethan quickly makes a decision and kills those men and saves the cop's life. They proceed to take Lane to the widow in their car when a mysterious person on a motorbike targets them. This turns out to be Ilsa who ends up revealing that she is being forced to kill Lane by British intelligence due to all the secrets he has on them. Ethan has no choice but to evade her so as to keep Lane alive. They manage to find a tracking device planted in Lane and take it out. Ethan manages to have Lane abducted to await exchange of him to the widow's courier for the 2 cores. Walker provides documents to Salone with a theory on how Ethan might in fact be John Lark based on losing the cores in Berlin as well as pretending to be Lark in Paris as a means to frame him. The team then get ready to have Benji take on Lane's appearance and voice due to not intending to actually hand him over. However Agent Hunley is already waiting for them at their hideout who says the operation is a failure and is a trap. Ethan disagrees and wants to continue on. An argument breaks. It is revealed that there is no courier but that the widow is actually a CIA employee who needs Lane to buy her good will following several bad calls in the past. Walker is then shockingly revealed to be in allegiance to Lane and the real John Lark when he states to a captured Lane how the deal was for him to get all 3 cores in exchange for framing Hunt meaning he already has the 2 cores to begin with. It turns out Walker has confessed this to Benji and not Lane which has also been recorded. Salone, who has been hearing all of this through Hunley's phone says she does not trust anybody anymore and sends her men to get them. However, some of those men turn out to be Walker's men and a gunfight pursues. Ilsa manages to catch up at this point and is also dragged into the fight. Walker ends up killing IMF director Hanley and escapes along with Lane. However, Luther smartly implanted a tracker on Walker giving Ethan a chance to to pursue Walker. He catches up but Walker reveals that if Ethan does anything, Walker will kill his wife. Walker then escapes in a chopper with Lane. Based on their tracking device they implanted in Lane (which they did when they took the other one out), the team find out he is headed to Kashmir. Benji also discovers that if 1 core (bomb) was to be disarmed, the other would immediately begin countdown. After eventually arriving in Kashmir, Benji finds out that the only way to disarm the 2 bombs is by removing the key from the remote detonator but only after the countdown on both cores has been initiated. Disarming the 2 cores before the key has been removed will result in the cores going off. They also realize that based on the location of the 2 cores, Walker plans to wipe out the entire water supply of China, Pakistan and India and cause 1/3 of the world's population to starve. They head to a medical facility in Kashmir which is where they track Lane but Ethan instead finds his wife Julia and that she has also remarried. Luther and Julia manage to find the 1st core and after the 15 Minute countdown begins, they begin to disarm it with Benji and Ilsa going after the location of the 2nd. Two helicopters take off from Kashmir with the detonator being in the possession of Walker. Ethan manages to grab onto the payload of the 2nd helicopter and climb up to the inside where he takes out both the driver and his guard and takes control of the helicopter. A lengthy chase then occurs with Ethan pursuing Walker whom is in the other helicopter. Ilsa manages to find the 2nd core but is knocked out and tied up by Lane whom also takes Benji captive. She manages to break out and knock out Lane as well as save Benji and the 2 of them begin to disarm the 2nd core. Ethan manages to ram Walker's helicopter and also causes the hook on his helicopter to set off steam from his helicopter which disfigures him. The 2 then take part in a fistfight at the edge of a cliff. Walker being naturally beefier than Ethan gains the upper hand. Ethan uses momentum to counter which results in them hanging off the cliff by holding on to the helicopter rope. Ethan manages to have the hook hit Walker in the face where he falls along with the helicopter and dies. Ethan then removes the key from the detonator 1 second before Benji and Ilsa disarm the 2nd core. Salone arrives there with her men and save Ethan. Lane is once again captured and taken to MI6 and Julia thanks Ethan for giving her the life she currently has based on his willingness to do good. 