nm0000124:

 The Rocketeer (1991)541) A young pilot stumbles onto a prototype jetpack that allows him to become a high-flying masked hero. Straight from the pages of a pulp comic from a past era, the Rocketeer recreates 1930's Hollywood, complete with gangsters, Nazi spies, and the growth of the Age of Aviation. Young pilot Cliff Secord stumbles on a top secret rocket-pack and with the help of his mechanic/mentor, Peevy, he attempts to save his girl and stop the Nazis as The Rocketeer. Greg Bole <bole@life.bio.sunysb.edu> In 1938, in Los Angeles, the pilot Cliff Secord crashes his plane after being hit in the air in a shoot-out between gangsters and FBI agents in a car chase; completely broken, his best friend and mechanic A. 'Peevy' Peabody tries to fix an old plane to raise some money in an exhibition show. However, Cliff finds a package hidden by one of the gangsters with a rocket with belts and they find that the device allows man to fly. Meanwhile, his beloved girlfriend and aspirant actress Jenny Blake succeeds in an audition to make a small part in a movie of the great actor Neville Sinclair who is ranked third in box-office. During a flight exhibition, the mechanic Malcolm (Eddie Jones) has an accident, and Cliff uses the rocket to save him, being called Rocketeer by the public. With his picture in the front page of the newspaper, Cliff is chased by the FBI, the gangsters and German spies that abduct Jenny and forces Cliff to rescue her. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the years leading up to World War II, stunt pilot Cliff Secord takes a trial run in a Gee Bee racing aircraft to prepare for an upcoming air show. But he accidentally comes into possession of a rocket-propelled backpack much coveted by the Nazis. With the aid of his mechanic pal, he gets it up and running, then uses it to foil a plot by a gang of vicious Nazi spies led by Timothy Dalton. Jennifer Connelly is on hand as the love interest, but the real fun here is when the Rocketeer takes off. There's also a nifty battle atop an airborne blimp to defeat his foes who are anxious to use the device in an evil plan to rule the world! The dangerous mission transforms the ordinary young man into an extraordinary hero. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie takes place in Los Angeles in the year 1938. At an airfield, a flight crew is moving a new plane (the GeeBee) out onto the runway. The pilot, Cliff Secord (Bill Campbell) is discussing the plane with his mechanic and best friend, Peevy (Alan Arkin). Cliff and Peevy intend to use the GeeBee in a national air show within a year. Cliff sticks a piece of Beeman's chewing gum on the tail of the plane for good luck and takes off to test out the GeeBee. Meanwhile, a duo of gangsters are engaged in a gun fight with members of the FBI while fleeing in a sedan. Cliff flies overhead and the gangster (thinking Cliff may be law enforcement) shoots at the GeeBee. Cliff's engine begins to stutter as he maneuvers back toward the runway. The gangsters arrive at the same runway and hide in a hanger. The driver, Wilmer, sees that his partner has been fatally wounded in the shootout. Wilmer hides the package the two of them had stolen and heads back out into the fight. Cliff's GeeBee bumps into a car on the runway, crash landing. The mechanic crew gets Cliff out alive, but he quickly rushes back in to retrieve a photo of his girlfriend. The GeeBee bursts into flame and Wilmer crashes his car into a fuel truck, causing an explosion. The FBI refuses to accept responsibility for Cliff's crash. They question Wilbur about the stolen package, who merely responds that it is "blown to Hell." They find a metal device in the wreckage of the fuel tank, and they assume this is the device in question. They report to the owner, Howard Hughes (Terry O'Quinn) who is upset when he discovers the device the FBI brought him is an old vacuum cleaner but decides not to build a replica of the device because the theft proves the technology too dangerous. Cliff and Peevy argue with the owner of the air field, Bigelow (Jon Polito) who is holding them responsible for the damage to the fuel truck. He talks them into doing a pitiful "Clown Act" at his annual air shows, which Peevy calculates would result in taking a minimum of four years to settle their debt. Cliff decides to work on the biplane they will be using for the Clown Act, putting his girlfriend's photo in the cockpit. He tries to sit down but finds something hidden under the seat. It is the package Wilmer had hidden. They open it to reveal a strange metal contraption. Cliff notices a switch on the side and presses it. The device roars to life and rockets round the room, finally crashing into an office. They quickly shut it off again, and Peevy wonders what such a device could be for. Cliff, noticing some straps on the metal, gets an idea. He picks up the item and attaches it to his back. Both men are shocked: the item is a rocket pack. They steal a statue of Charles Lindbergh from the local flight school and test it. They theorize that a person could, theoretically, fly with such an item. Cliff wants to use it to make money, but Peevy doesn't think its a good idea (since they have technically stolen this item). Peevy relents, and Cliff suggests they make a helmet to go with it after seeing the head of the statue destroyed because of the landing. The leader of the gangsters, Eddie Valentine (Paul Sorvino) confronts the man who hired him- Neville Sinclair (Timothy Dalton)- about the job going wrong. Neville is anxious to get the rocket package, and contacts his enforcer Lothar (Tiny Ron), ordering him to confront Wilmer in the hospital and find the package's location. Cliff then goes to pick up his girlfriend, Jenny Blake (Jennifer Connelly). Jenny is an aspiring actress who recently tried out for a part with Neville Sinclair, an Errol Flynn-type actor who's next movie is a swashbuckling film about a mysterious swordsman. She then tells Cliff that she wants to see Sinclair's newest movie. Cliff is against it, until he finds out that it is an aviation movie called "Wings of Honor." En route to the theater, Cliff lies to Jenny about the GeeBee test flight, stating that it went fine except for "a few bumps" on the landing. At the hospital, Lothar (revealed to be a tall, ugly gentleman) confronts Wilmer. Wilmer confesses that he put a fake package in the car before it blew up, concealing it from the Feds. He tells Lothar the package is in an old plane at the airfield. Lothar kills WIlmer by literally folding him in half. After the movie, Cliff and Jenny have dinner at a local restaurant called the Bulldog Cafe. Cliff's old friend Malcolm (Eddie Jones) reveals the truth about what happened during the test flight. Angry that Cliff lied to her, Jenny storms out. Cliff returns home to the place he rents with Peevy and finds the helmet Peevy designed for him next morning -- it seems to have a rudder built into it. He is not thrilled with the design. Next day, Jenny is performing in a scene as an extra on Neville Sinclair's new movie. Cliff comes by to see her (having decided to be honest with her and tell her about the rocket) and accidentally knocks down part of the set. Outraged, Neville orders Jenny fired. She is devastated and walks off. Neville overhears Cliff talking to Jenny about the rocket and decides to find out what she knows. Neville invites Jenny to be his date to the South Seas Club that night. She happily accepts. At the air field, the stunt show is in process. Bigelow tells Peevy that if Cliff doesn't arrive soon and begin the Clown Act, they will both be fired. Malcolm, selling programs, overhears and sees a way to help out his friend. Malcolm takes the clown costume and lifts off in the old biplane. Eddie Valentine and his gang are at the airfield. They did not find the rocket, but took the picture of Jenny that Cliff left in the plane, thinking she may know who took the package. Cliff and Peevy realize what Malcolm is doing and are worried (Malcolm hasn't flown a plane in over 20 years). The biplane begins to stutter and smoke billows from the engine. Cliff decides to take the rocket and save Malcolm. Peevy is hesitant, but lets his friend go (first grabbing a piece of Cliff's Beeman Gum and sticking it to the rocket pack for luck). Cliff blasts off in the rocket, flying over the stands and stunning the crowd. He grabs Malcolm shortly before the biplane crashes and safely drops his friend off on the ground before blasting off again. Cliff flies over the city, passing a commercial plane in the process. He salutes them, but in the process accidentally shuts off the rocket. He falls to earth but manages to turn the thrusters back on again, speeding off in a disoriented pattern. Peevy finally finds Cliff after he's crash-landed in a nearby pond. Cliff is dazed, but thrilled by the experience. They both see cars coming, thinking it is news reporters. Cliff uses the rocket pack when standing in Peevy's truck to help them make a speedy getaway. In truth, the cars belonged to Valentie's gang and they are angry that someone else has found the rocket. Reporters question Bigelow for information about the flying man, and he comes up with the name "Rocketeer" for him. The news boys love it and The Rocketeer is soon front-page news. Neville Sinclair reads the paper and is outraged. Howard Hughes also sees the paper and is upset that the FBI have failed in reclaiming his invention. The FBI agents go to talk to Bigelow about the Rocketeer, only to find him murdered in a matter similar to Wilmer. Before he died, Bigelow wrote down something on a pad of paper. It turns out to be Cliff & Peevy's address, which is where Lothar is heading. Lothar confronts Peevy and Cliff about the rocket, which they have hidden. The FBI arrive to question them as well and Lothar opens fire on the agents. The ensuing gunfire tears the house to shreds, but Cliff & Peevy manage to escape with the rocket. Jenny and Neville are at the South Seas Club, and Jenny is enjoying being Neville's date. She meets a number of his celebrity friends, including W.C. Fields. Neville excuses himself to have a meeting with the Clubs' owner, which turns out to be Eddie Valentine. Eddie is not happy about Wilmer's death, or about Neville "romancing some dame" while he is doing all the hard work looking for the rocket. Cliff and Peevy are hiding out above the Bulldog Cafe. Peevy finally convinces Cliff to return the rocket pack to its rightful owners. Cliff is about to call the local FBI office when two of Valentine's thugs come in. They demand to know where Secord is (having no idea what Cliff looks like), going so far as to torture Peevy for information. One of them recognizes a photo of Jenny on the wall as being identical to the one they recovered from the plane. They call the number associated with the photo and find out that Jenny is out with Neville Sinclair. Cliff and a few of the patrons attack the gun-wielding thug, knocking him out cold. Cliff puts on the rocket, worried about Jenny's safety and intending to rescue her. He vows to return the rocket as soon as Jenny is safe. Peevy stops him from blasting off, noticing that the rocket is leaking (probably from a ricochet). Peevy pries off the chewing gum he put on the rocket earlier for luck, and makes a rudimentary patch. It appears to work, and Cliff flies off into the night. Cliff infiltrates the South Seas Club posing as a busboy, bringing some complimentary soup to Neville and Jenny. He "accidentally" spills some on her to get her away from Neville. Cliff tells Jenny that his boss Bigelow is dead and the people who killed him may also be after Jenny. He asks Jenny to leave and stay with her mother north of town for the next few days. Jenny is skeptical, but Cliff swears that he is looking out for her best interest and not motivated by jealousy. The thugs recognize Secord and chase after him. Cliff reclaims the rocket he had kept hidden in the laundry room. The Rocketeer hovers out over the ballroom of the club, stunning the guests. Jenny stays for a moment to watch Cliff fly. The thugs open fire, heavily damaging the club. Cliff manages to escape by flying through the glass tile roof. Neville sees Jenny still at the club and ambushes her with chloroform. Jenny wakes up at Neville's place. He claims innocence, saying that he is being blackmailed. Jenny doesn't believe him, realizing that Sinclair is merely reciting lines from his old movies in an attempt to gain her trust. Jenny knocks out Sinclair with a flower vase and runs off. She discovers a secret room in his house full of radio equipment. She attempts to call for help, but only hears men speaking in German. She then notices a book with a swastika symbol and Jenny realizes that Neville Sinclair is a Nazi spy. Lothar attacks Jenny and subdues her. Cliff returns to the Bulldog Cafe to find Peevy gone. He gets a phone call from Eddie Valentine saying that they are holding Jenny hostage and wish to trade her for the rocket. They tell Cliff to come to the local observatory at 4 AM to carry out the deal. Before Cliff can react, the FBI agents come in and arrest him. The FBI agents bring Cliff to Howard Hughes, finding Peevy there, happily discussing the schematics and workings of the rocket pack and a few improvements Peevy made. Hughes is also very impressed with Peevy's helmet, marveling at the addition of the rudder. Peevy told Hughes everything about their finding the rocket, and Hughes believes they are telling the truth. Hughes tells Cliff that the rocket pack was stolen from his factory and they must get it back. Hughes shows them film that was snuck out of Germany, footage of German scientists working on a similar rocket pack, but their model backfires and the test pilot is burned. He then shows everyone a Nazi propaganda film that features rocket-pack equipped soldiers flying out to other countries (including the United States) as an unstoppable airborne army. Cliff does not relent, and requests that he use the rocket once more in order to save his girlfriend. The FBI agents tell him that the Valentine Gang is merely hired muscle, working for a Nazi agent they haven't been able to identify. Cliff realizes that Neville Sinclair must be the agent, but the agents merely laugh at the thought. Cliff escapes from Howard Hughes' factory by gliding on a prototype "Spruce Goose." The Rocketeer meets up with Neville Sinclair and the Valentine gang at Griffith Observatory. They demand he take off the rocket before they let Jenny go. Cliff asks Valentine if he enjoys working for a Nazi. Valentine is shocked, but Sinclair merely laughs off the thought. Jenny supports Cliff's claim by mentioning the Germans on the radio at Sinclair's house. Valentine is disgusted by the thought of working on the side of the Nazi's, and turns on Sinclair. However, Sinclair is prepared for the betrayal, and by his orders a team of German Strike Commandos to emerge from the bushes. They are supported by a German zeppelin, which hovers ominously over the observatory. Searchlights flare up over the site. The FBI, having found the ransom details among Cliff's possessions, order everyone to throw down their weapons. The Germans try to evacuate, so the Feds and the gangsters unanimously open fire on the Germans. They warn each other to keep the fire away from the zeppelin, which is full of hydrogen gas and highly explosive. Neville takes Jenny hostage aboard the zeppelin, certain that Cliff (and the rocket) will then come right to him. Cliff grabs a weapon from a fallen German commando and blasts off towards the zeppelin. He tears through the covering on the tail section, damaging their steering. Lothar attacks Cliff on top of the zeppelin, held up by a suspension cord. Cliff manages to knock Lothar over the side, where he dangles like a worm on a hook. Cliff comes inside and sees Neville holding a gun to Jenny's head. Seeing no other choice, he takes off the rocket. Before he slides it over to Neville, Cliff slyly removes the gum Peevy put over the bullet hole. Cliff and Neville struggle, and Jenny tries to assist with a gun she found in the storage compartment. Cliff warns her against it but Jenny fires- not realizing that the item was a flare gun. Fire breaks out in the cockpit, and Neville Sinclair decides to fly off in the rocket. Moments after he takes flight, the fuel leak causes Sinclair to burst into flames. Screaming, he crashes into the legendary "Hollywoodland" sign, destroying the last four letters. Neville and the rocket are destroyed. Cliff climbs back up to the top of the zeppelin with Jenny, explaining that they have almost no hope for survival. Jenny proclaims that she loves Cliff, and they embrace. Lothar returns to fight Cliff again, but the explosions from the zeppelin cause all three to run in fear. Lothar is still held in place from his tether and cannot escape the blast. Peevy and Howard Hughes fly up in Hughes' prototype auto-gyro, dangling a rope ladder for Clifford and Jenny. They escape shortly before the Zeppelin is engulfed in flames. Next morning, Peevy reads the newspaper. The FBI has decided to cover up Neville Sinclair's Nazi involvement, releasing a cover story that Sinclair was killed by debris from the zeppelin in a tragic accident. Cliff, Peevy and Jenny go outside to see a small plane (in similar design to the GeeBee from the opening) landing in the street. Howard Hughes is the one flying the plane, and he takes Cliff aside and reveals that this plane is a gift for helping him with the rocket pack fiasco. Cliff is so stunned that he cannot even thank Howard Hughes. Jenny says that she also has a gift - for both of them. Jenny reveals that she stole the schematics for the rocket pack from Neville Sinclair's house. Cliff and Jenny enjoy a romantic moment while Peevy plans to rebuild the rocket pack with a variety of improvements. 
 Requiem for a Dream (2000)761) The drug-induced utopias of four Coney Island people are shattered when their addictions run deep. Sara Goldfarb (Ellen Burstyn) is a retired widow, living in a small apartment. She spends most of her time watching TV, especially a particular self-help show. She has delusions of rising above her current dull existence by being a guest on that show. Her son, Harry (Jared Leto) is a junkie but along with his friend Tyrone (Marlon Wayans) has visions of making it big by becoming a drug dealer. Harry's girlfriend Marion (Jennifer Connelly) could be fashion designer or artist but is swept along in Harry's drug-centric world. Meanwhile Sara has developed an addiction of her own. She desperately wants to lose weight and so goes on a crash course involving popping pills, pills which turn out to be very addictive and harmful to her mental state. grantss Drugs. They consume mind, body and soul. Once you're hooked, you're hooked. Four lives. Four addicts. Four failures. Despite their aspirations of greatness, they succumb to their addictions. Watching the addicts spiral out of control, we bear witness to the dirtiest, ugliest portions of the underworld addicts reside in. It is shocking and eye-opening but demands to be seen by both addicts and non-addicts alike. Jeff Mellinger <jmell@uclink4.berkeley.edu> Requiem for a Dream exposes four paralleled individuals and their menacing addiction to heroin, cocaine, and diet pills (speed). Taking place in Brooklyn amidst the waning Coney Island, the drugs are very easily obtained and keep each main character in its cycle of dependence. The protagonist Harry Goldfarb is your typical heroin junky with an ambitious plan of "Getting off hard knocks," with help from his cocaine crazed girlfriend Marion and his long time friend Tyrone. Meanwhile his widowed mother is obsessed with the glamor of television and eventually finds her way to a dietitian who pushes her into the cycle of drug induced enslavement. spiro muqhar A film paralleling the lives of Sara Goldfarb, a lonely, TV obsessed widow, and her son Harry, his girlfriend Marion, and his drug dealer friend Tyrone. After learning that she will make an appearance on a TV game show, Sara tries to lose weight so that she can fit into her prized red dress, and becomes hooked on diet pills. Meanwhile, Harry and his friends are taking heroin and cocaine. We then witness the disasterous consequences and the downward spiral their lives take as a result of their addictions. richie-29 Pills and heroin offer fulfillment of the dreams of four residents of Brooklyn's Brighton Beach in the shadow of a crumbling Coney Island amusement park. Sara dreams of appearing on television wearing a red dress that's a bit snug. So she starts a diet assisted by uppers. Her son Harry, his girlfriend Marion, and his best friend Tyrone pin their hopes for money on moving up from pushing nickel bags of heroin to buying in bulk. They also deal to support their growing habits. Things are going well: Harry buys his mom a new TV, she's losing weight, she has status among her friends, Tyrone's girlfriend is cool, and the team has money in a shoe box. These dreams are addictive. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Harry Goldfarb ( Jared Leto ) and Tyrone Love ( Marlon Wayans ) are two friends who live in Brooklyn, New York. They regularly do various drugs paid for by such petty thefts as Harry pawning his mother's TV set. Sara Goldfarb ( Ellen Burstyn ), Harry's mother, is a widow living alone in Brighton Beach who must regularly buy back her TV set from the pawn shop owner, Abe Rabinowitz ( Mark Margolis ). Abe tries to get Sara to turn Harry in, but she doesn't have the heart for it, as Harry is all she has left after the death of her husband, Seymour, twenty years prior. Harry and Tyrone eventually come up with a plan to make money by reselling heroin on the street so that they can get away from their dead-end lives. Over the summer, they make a fair amount of money. They talk regularly about buying a pound of extremely pure heroin as their 'big score' that will give them comfortable lives when they invest that money in a legal business. Marion Silver ( Jennifer Connelly ), who is Harry's girlfriend, has a distant relationship with her parents (who are never seen on camera), but sometimes goes out with Arnold ( Sean Gullette ), her psychiatrist, in order to appease them. She, along with Harry and Tyrone, snort and shoot heroin and cocaine, drop speed, and talk a lot about their dreams for a better future. As Harry starts earning money, he and Marion talk about opening a clothing store where Marion can earn a living as a clothing designer. Meanwhile, Sara is a TV junkie, obsessed with an infomercial hosted by self-help guru Tappy Tibbons ( Christopher McDonald ), based on the acronym JUICE (Join Us In Creating Excitement). One day she receives a mysterious call from someone who claims that she has been selected to appear on a TV show. Thinking she's being invited to appear on the Tappy Tibbons infomercial, Sara is suddenly obsessed with the idea of flaunting Harry on the show before a national audience. She wants to wear a particular red dress that she wore at Harry's high school graduation; a dress that Seymour loved to see her in. However, she is now too overweight to fit into it. One of Sara's friends, with whom she sometimes sits outside her apartment, gives her a diet book; but of course the "grapefruit and coffee" diet leaves her constantly hungry. She then hears about a way to lose a lot of weight by taking certain medications from a doctor, so she decides to try it. Tyrone and Harry have made a lot of money by dealing drugs, gradually filling up a shoe box Tyrone hides in a wall in his apartment. Gazing at the money in the shoe box, he reminisces about running home and into his mother's arms before making love to his girlfriend. As summer progresses to fall, so do the debilitating effects of the drugs that Harry, Tyrone, Marion, and Sara use. The money that Harry and Tyrone had saved starts to dwindle. First, Harry buys Sara a large, new TV/entertainment set. Tyrone gets caught in the middle of a drug gang assassination, lands in jail and needs to be bailed out. While visiting Sara to tell her about the new TV set he's gotten her, Harry finds out that the diet pills that Sara is taking are methamphetamine 'uppers,' or 'speed,' and warns her of the dangers involved. However, Sara delivers a passionate monologue about how her upcoming television appearance is giving her a new lease on life. Harry leaves in a taxi, shattered emotionally by his mother's situation, but he won't do anything to prevent her addiction growing. Eventually, Tyrone, Harry and Marion all run out of both drugs and money. Without money they cannot buy more drugs. Harry pleads with Marion to ask Arnold for $2,000 so that Harry and Tyrone can make a purchase from a notorious mob figure. As Marion fears, Arnold wants her to sleep with him in return, and she reluctantly complies with Harry's acceptance. At the site of the drug deal, a scuffle breaks out among buyers trying to push ahead in the line, and the supplier opens fire before driving away, leaving several people -- Harry included -- without any drugs. Sara loses weight gradually, the zipper on her dress coming tantalizingly closer to zipping up completely. But she also develops a tolerance for the pills that lead her to continually increase her dosage without consulting her doctor, and she slips into drug-induced psychosis that causes her to experience hallucinations involving her refrigerator, which get more and more intense. Sara begins to regularly hallucinate that she is the guest of honor on Tappy Tibbons' infomercial and gets to speak with the man himself. Harry's relationship with Marion starts to crumble when the need for drugs starts to overcome their sensibilities and the love they have for each other. Marion blames Harry for the failed purchase from the mob figure. After one major fight, Harry gives her a phone number for a major dealer named Big Tim (Keith David), who he heard about from Tyrone. Harry and Tyrone couldn't buy from Tim because he was more interested in 'pussy' than money. Harry also discovers a black spot on his arm where he injects the heroin. Fall fades into winter. As a result of increasing drug gang violence and police crackdowns, Harry and Tyrone cannot find any heroin in the city, so they decide to drive to Florida to make a purchase. Marion goes through severe deprivation withdrawal and she tearfully begs Tyrone and Harry's regular contact, Angel, for help, but he rebuffs her because she is broke. In desperation, she calls Big Tim and goes to his house. Although she is hesitant for a moment, she gives him a blow job in return for a fix. Pleased with her performance, Big Tim invites her to a big orgy event at his house later in the week. The invitation for Sara to appear on TV has not arrived, and her hallucinations with the refrigerator reach a climax as she takes more and more pills, thinking they will make the refrigerator stop. But instead, she finally hallucinates that the refrigerator lurches through the kitchen straight towards her and opens a wide toothy mouth. Sara runs from her apartment in fear, wearing no winter coat even though shoveled snow lines both sides of the streets. She wanders in a stupor, gets on the subway and finds her way to a Manhattan television station, begging to know when she will be on television. The receptionist and TV executives stall for time so they can contact paramedics who take her to a mental hospital. As Harry and Tyrone are headed to Florida, the black spot on Harry's arm grows to an alarming size and he begins complaining about the pain. Tyrone drives Harry to a hospital. One look at Harry's arm and the triage doctor knows that Harry is a drug addict. He discreetly excuses himself taking all drugs with him and calls the county sheriff's department, taking the medicine and drugs which were previously lying around with him, just in case. Tyrone and Harry are arrested and sent to jail, where Tyrone is subjected to racist guards and punishing work detail. Harry uses his phone call to contact Marion. She begs him to come home right away, and he promises her he will, but she knows he is lying. As they speak on the phone, Marion is getting dressed up to attend Big Tim's party. At the mental hospital, Sara refuses treatment and refuses to eat, and her psychosis only deepens. Still delusional, she unwittingly and unknowingly signs an authorization for doctors to put her through electro-shock therapy. While clearing prisoners for work detail, a prison doctor finds Harry's arm has become almost completely black and gives off a foul odor, and the pain is too much for Harry to bear. He is sent to the prison infirmary, where the doctors quickly determine they must immediately cut off Harry's arm at the shoulder to save his life. At Big Tim's party, Marion engages in a variety of sex acts including an 'ass to ass' with another woman. Harry has a dream of running toward a smiling Marion as she waits for him on a Coney Island pier, and then awakens in a hospital ward with a beautiful, kind nurse ( Lianna Pai ) watching over him. Hearing him speak Marion's name, the nurse promises to contact her and arrange to have her come see him. But Harry knows she will not come; he knows he's lost her. Marion arrives home from Big Tim's party, clutching a large plastic bag to her breast; she's been paid very well and Big Tim likes her enough to be her supplier as long as she pleases him. She lies down on her couch and smiles blissfully. Tyrone and several other prisoners are ushered into a common cell after work detail and Tyrone lies down on a cot, exhausted, with only a pillow and no blanket. Two of Sara's friends visit her at the mental hospital, and are so horrified and shocked at the sight of her as a hollow shell of her former self that they sob uncontrollably in each others' arms while waiting for their bus back home. All four main characters are shown curling up in a fetal position: Harry in the hospital bed with his arm amputated, Marion on her couch after gaining a regular drug supplier in return for her favors, Tyrone on a cot in prison as he dreams of his childhood and his mother, and Sara in a bed at the mental hospital. The movie closes with Sara having another hallucination where she is a grand prize winner on the Tappy Tibbons show, wearing her red dress and looking beautiful; showing off Harry, who in her dreams, has become a successful businessman engaged to marry Marion, to a cheering audience. 
 House of Sand and Fog (2003)651) An abandoned wife is evicted from her house and starts a tragic conflict with her house's new owners. An emotionally broken woman, Kathy, suddenly finds herself homeless after her house is wrongly repossessed and auctioned. Seeking respite from his marriage, Lester, a sympathetic sheriff's deputy comes to the aid of Kathy and becomes intimately involved in her situation. Soon, Behrani, a proud emigrant Iranian and his family move into the house only to find their new lives burdened by harassment from Lester and Kathy as they attempt to reclaim her former home. The once prosperous colonel denies Kathy's pleas for he knows his recent purchase promises a profitable return and a better future for his adolescent son and his wife. But latent consequences lie beneath Behrani's well intentioned plan as Kathy's emotions spiral out of control and her actions spark a tragic chain of events that will leave no resident unscathed in the House of Sand and Fog. Tiler Faisal Massoud Amir Behrani, an Iranian immigrant, has spent most of his savings trying to enhance his daughter's chances of a good marriage. Once she is married, he spends the remaining funds on a house at an auction, unwittingly putting himself and his family in the middle of a legal tussle with the house's former owner. What begins as a legal struggle turns into a personal confrontation, with tragic results. lcheala@imdb.com House of Sand and Fog is the story of an Iranian political refugee family who are in struggle for a better life in the United States. Amir Behrani, who was a colonel in Shah's regime, spends most of his savings on a fancy wedding ceremony for his daughter. Once she is married, he purchases a house in auction in the hope of making a profit by selling it for a higher price. Behrani's goal is to spend the money he earns from selling the house to achieve his dream of building a place like the villa they used to have in north of Iran, and save the rest of the money for his son's education. However, Kathy, who was the former owner of the house and lost it mistakenly charged for unpaid taxes, steps in and makes the life difficult for them. She meets a policeman and starts a relationship with him. To help Kathy get the house back, the police officer threatens the Behrani family with deporting them from the country if they do not leave the house. The struggles for the house lead to a tragic end. Saman_Yaghmai Kathy is an emotionally unstable and neglectful woman evicted from the house she inherited from her father when she is mistakenly charged for unpaid taxes. After the immediate auction, the house is sold in a very low price to the Iranian Colonel Behrani, a refugee who sees the chance to give some stability to his family and make a profit in the resell of the property to raise money to send his beloved son to the university. Kathy has a relationship with the abusive officer Lester, who tries to force the family leave the place, ending his attempt in a tragic way. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins on a foggy night with a young woman sitting on a widow's walk. Below, ambulances are leaving the house. A police officer asks if she is Kathy Nicolo. On the day it all began, Kathy was awakened by a 6:00 a.m. phone call from her mother, who lives on the east coast. Kathy lies and says her husband is there when in fact he left her six months earlier. After revealing that Kathy's brother's wife is pregnant, her mother says she is coming to visit friends in two weeks and will drop in. This is unwelcome news. The house is a mess, with unwashed dishes in the kitchen and unopened mail spilling across the floor. Suddenly there is a sharp knock at the door. Outside, Kathy sees two police officers and two other men. She is informed that the house is being seized for non-payment of a business tax and that she must vacate the property at once. Stunned, Kathy tries to explain that she inherited the house from her father and there is no tax owed. But the tax office has sent her several notices, none of which she opened. One of the police officers tells her that unless she moves her belongings out, they will be auctioned along with the house. He advises her to call friends or family to help her move. But there is no one to call. The officer takes pity on her and introduces himself as Lester Burdon. He knows of some movers who owe him a favor. He sends the other officer for cardboard boxes so they can help her move. By the end of the day, Kathy's belongings are in storage and she gets a room at a cheap motel. She is a house cleaner and cannot afford anything nicer. Colonel Massoud Behrani was forced to flee Iran with his family. He and his wife Nadi have two children, Soraya and Esmail. They are all American citizens now. Soraya is being married and her parents throw her a lavish wedding. With that out of the way, Behrani must begin saving money for his son's college education. No one knows that he works two menial jobs to support his family. By day he is a highway worker and at night he works in a convenience store. He has saved money and plans to invest in a house he can fix up and sell for more than he paid. In the newspaper he sees an advertisement for the auction of a seized property. It is the house taken from Kathy Nicolo. Behrani attends the auction and buys the house for a fraction of what it is worth. He is advised to add a widow's walk to increase the resale value. Kathy's visit to Connie Walsh, a lawyer, doesn't go well. Clearly there has been a mistake. She recalls signing a paper months ago that she owed no tax, but since she didn't open her mail she was unaware of any problems. Kathy is stunned to learn that the house has already been sold. Connie says she can sue the county but that would take months. Or their office can contact the owner and ask if he would be willing to sell the house back to the county for what he paid. Kathy is adamant that she must have the house back in two weeks for her mother's visit. Connie warns her to let them handle it and on no account approach the owner. Nadi does not want to move but Behrani gives her no choice. She is reminded of the time back in Iran when he cut down several beautiful trees at their summer home so they would have a better view of Caspian Sea. Kathy drives to her former home and is outraged to see the widow's walk being constructed. She orders the workmen to stop but they tell her to speak to the owner. Then Kathy steps on several nails and cuts her foot badly. The workmen help her to the door. Nadi is kind to her and bandages the foot. Her English is not good so Kathy doesn't really explain why she is there. Reporting all this to Connie results in a letter to Behrani, explaining the mistake and requesting that he vacate the house at once rather than later. Behrani is outraged and pays Connie a visit. He has had the house appraised and its current market value is $174,000. If the county wants to pay that amount, he will sell the house back. But he will not sell it for what he paid for it at auction. Kathy is in her storage unit when Lester drops by. He is off duty and in the area, so he decided to check on her. They go out for drinks, although Kathy explains that she is a recovering alcoholic. She brings Lester up to date on what is going on with her house. He is sympathetic and gives her his direct line at the station. The motel owner tells Kathy that her credit card was declined and she must leave. Wearily, Kathy asks if it could wait till Friday when she will get paid. The answer is no and Kathy is now forced to live in her car. She is already drinking again and now she starts smoking. Lester comes to the rescue and installs her in a nice motel room. They begin an affair after he leaves his wife and children, which he has been wanting to do for a long time. The widow's walk is finished and Behrani is showing the house to prospective buyers. Then Kathy pulls up in the driveway. Behrani lies and says she is there to pick up some tools left behind by her construction worker boyfriend. He grabs her arm and forces her back in the car. As she drives off, she yells that the house is stolen. The buyers decide that they are no longer interested. Soraya and her husband are back from their honeymoon. Behrani and Nadi host a party for them on the widow's walk. Kathy and Lester drive by and are disgusted by the merrymaking. Lester squeals the tires as they make a u-turn and leave. Even though they are in Lester's car, Kathy feels Behrani's eyes on her. Lester and Kathy move to a fishing camp owned by one of his friends. There is no electricity or running water so they use lanterns and a gas stove. He notices the bruise on Kathy's arm where Behrani grabbed her and decides to do something about it. After putting on his uniform but removing the name tag and whatever else might identify him, they drive to Behrani's. When Behrani comes to the door, Lester identifies himself as Officer Joe Gonzalez. He tells Behrani that it is illegal to post a sign on a telephone pole, as Behrani did when he advertised the house for sale. Lester then attempts to intimidate Behrani by asking if he is in this country legally. Behrani identifies himself as an American citizen. Esmail and Nadi come out of their rooms in time to hear Lester threaten to deport the family unless Behrani sells the house back to the county. After Lester leaves, Nadi angrily asks Behrani what he has done. The quarrel escalates and he slaps her. Esmail helps her out of the room and Behrani spends the night alone. Lester returns to his car where Kathy is waiting and tells her it is obvious that Behrani isn't just off the boat. The next day, Behrani goes to the police department and reports Lester to Internal Affairs. He remembers that Lester was wearing an unusual pin, one with two pistol barrels crossed and the letters FTO. Since there are only eight field training officers on the force, Lester is easily identified. It is his day off and Lester has gone home to see his wife, who has told the children that their separation is only temporary. The phone rings and it is Internal Affairs, ordering Lester to come in at once. Meanwhile, Kathy is back at the camp waiting for him. When he doesn't come, she decides he has reconciled with his wife. She goes to the Behrani home and tells Nadi everything. Nadi is very sympathetic and promises to talk to her husband. Behrani arrives just as Kathy is leaving. In a fury, he grabs her and shoves her into her car, shouting that she is nothing and to tell her idiot deputy that his superiors know what he did. Kathy drives away and calls her brother from a phone booth, intending to ask for his help but he cuts her off. She then goes to a liquor store, where she purchases several bottles. She decides to burn the house down. If she can't have it, then neither can Behrani. After filling a gas can, she opens the trunk and sees Lester's gun belt. She takes the gun and leaves the gas can sitting on the sidewalk. Behrani looks outside and sees Kathy once again parked in his driveway. He runs out and starts yelling until he sees the gun. Kathy is aiming it at her head, sobbing wildly. He takes it away from her and carries her into the house. He and Nadi put her in Esmail's room to sleep it off. Lester goes to the camp and finds the meal Kathy had prepared for them still on the table. He realizes she must have gone to the Behrani home and might be in danger. Meanwhile, Kathy has gone into the bathroom and swallowed Nadi's pain medication. When Nadi realizes what she has done, she makes Kathy throw up the pills. Behrani and Nadi are in the process of getting her back to the bedroom when Lester breaks the kitchen door down. He charges in and seizes the gun, which was left on a table. Holding the family at gunpoint, he demands to know what they have done to Kathy. Esmail explains about the pills and produces the empty bottle. There is nothing to do but let her sleep off the effects. While she is sleeping, Lester orders the family into the bathroom and locks the door. They remain there the entire night. By morning Behrani has come up with a plan. He offers to sell the house back to the county, then give Kathy the check in exchange for her signing the house over to him. Kathy wakes up and Lester sees she is fine. He tells her of the offer made by Behrani but Kathy is skeptical. She asks several times if they can't just leave. But Lester points out that she will need money to make a fresh start. Over her protests he leaves, taking Behrani and Esmail with him. Earlier he unloaded the gun and gave Kathy the bullets to keep. The Beharnis do not know they are being held hostage with a useless gun. Behrani tries to get Lester to allow Esmail to wait in the car but he won't. Keeping the gun hidden, Lester marches them toward the county office. He is very nervous at seeing a number of police officers about. Then a rookie cop stops him to thank him for all he learned by riding with Lester. The trio start up the steps leading to the county offices. Suddenly Behrani grabs Lester and yells at Esmail to get the gun, which he does. It was Behrani's intent to hold Lester captive while Esmail got help. But the plan fails. Esmail is confused when officers draw their weapons and order him to drop the gun. When he doesn't, they shoot him in the chest. Behrani drops to his knees and cradles his son, wailing aloud. An ambulance arrives and takes Esmail to the hospital, while Lester and Behrani are taken into custody. Covered with his son's blood, Behrani prays aloud that the boy will live. Lester confesses to everything and Behrani is cleared. He runs all the way to the hospital, but Esmail has died. After saying a tearful goodbye to his son, Behrani returns home. Meanwhile, Lester is booked into the nearest jail. He tries to call his wife but she doesn't answer. Nadi falls ill with a headache and goes to bed. Kathy then leaves the house and drives to the pier. She stays there for a while. When Behrani arrives home, Nadi is just waking up. He cannot bear to tell her about Esmail. After changing his blood-soaked shirt, he brings her a cup of tea laced with an fatal overdose of medication. She drinks it and soon dies. Behrani then dresses himself in his Iranian colonel's uniform and puts a plastic bag over his head. Lying next to his wife, he commits suicide by suffocation. Kathy returns to the house and finds the bodies. She rips the plastic from Behrani's head and performs CPR but it is too late. She realizes it is her fault and curls up on the bed. Eventually the police come. The movie ends with Kathy answering the officer's question. Yes, she is Kathy Nicolo. He asks if this is her house and she says no. 
 A Beautiful Mind (2001)541) After John Nash , a brilliant but asocial mathematician, accepts secret work in cryptography, his life takes a turn for the nightmarish. From the heights of notoriety to the depths of depravity, John Forbes Nash, Jr. experienced it all. A mathematical genius, he made an astonishing discovery early in his career and stood on the brink of international acclaim. But the handsome and arrogant Nash soon found himself on a painful and harrowing journey of self-discovery. After many years of struggle, he eventually triumphed over his tragedy, and finally - late in life - received the Nobel Prize. Universal Pictures and DreamWorks Pictures At Princeton University, John Nash struggles to make a worthwhile contribution to serve as his legacy to the world of mathematics. He finally makes a revolutionary breakthrough that will eventually earn him the Nobel Prize. After graduate school he turns to teaching, becoming romantically involved with his student Alicia. Meanwhile the government asks his help with breaking Soviet codes, which soon gets him involved in a terrifying conspiracy plot. Nash grows more and more paranoid until a discovery that turns his entire world upside down. Now it is only with Alicia's help that he will be able to recover his mental strength and regain his status as the great mathematician we know him as today. rmlohner John Nash goes through a myriad of highs and lows from his time as a Mathematics student in graduate school at Princeton in the late 1940's to his Nobel Prize win for Economics in 1994. A brilliant but somewhat arrogant and antisocial man, Nash preferred to spend his time with his thoughts, which were primarily of seeing mathematical formula associated with everyday occurrences, than with people. Two people he did make a connection with were Charles, his roommate at Princeton, and Alicia Larde, one of his students when he was teaching at M.I.T. in the early 1950's. He and Alicia eventually marry. As time goes on, Nash lives more and more within himself which causes major problems in his life. But Alicia stands by her husband to his redemption to the Nobel Prize win. Nash learns that his graduate school colleagues, with whom he had a cordial but somewhat distant relationship, are closer friends than he imagined, although in his later life he really does miss Charles' company more than anything despite knowing that spending time with Charles is not in his or anyone's best interest. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. John Nash ( Russell Crowe ) arrives at Princeton University as a new graduate student. He is a recipient of the prestigious Carnegie Prize for mathematics. Though he was promised a single room, his roommate Charles ( Paul Bettany ), a literature student, greets him as he moves in and soon becomes his best friend. Nash also meets a group of other promising math and science graduate students, Martin Hansen ( Josh Lucas ), Sol ( Adam Goldberg ), Ainsley ( Jason Gray-Stanford ), and Bender ( Anthony Rapp ), with whom he strikes up an awkward friendship. Nash admits to Charles that he is better with numbers than people, which comes as no surprise to them after watching his largely unsuccessful attempts at conversation with the women at the local bar. Nash is seeking a truly original idea for his thesis paper, and he is under increasing pressure to develop his thesis so he can begin work. A particularly harsh rejection from a woman at the bar is what ultimately inspires his fruitful work in the concept of governing dynamics, a theory in mathematical economics. After the conclusion of Nash's studies as a student at Princeton, he accepts a prestigious appointment at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), along with his friends Sol and Bender. Five years later while teaching a class on Calculus at MIT, he places a particularly interesting problem on the chalkboard that he dares his students to solve. When his student Alicia Larde ( Jennifer Connelly ) comes to his office to discuss the problem, the two fall in love and eventually marry. On a return visit to Princeton, Nash runs into his former roommate Charles and meets Charles' young niece Marcee ( Vivien Cardone ), whom he adores. He also encounters a mysterious Department of Defense agent, William Parcher ( Ed Harris ). Nash is invited to a secret United States Department of Defense facility in the Pentagon to crack a complex encryption of an enemy telecommunication. Nash is able to decipher the code mentally to the astonishment of other codebreakers. Parcher observes Nash's performance from above, while partially concealed behind a screen. Parcher gives Nash a new assignment, to look for patterns in magazines and newspapers, ostensibly to thwart a Soviet plot. He must write a report of his findings and place them in a specified mailbox. After being chased by the Russians and an exchange of gunfire, Nash becomes increasingly paranoid and begins to behave erratically. After observing this erratic behavior, Alicia informs a psychiatric hospital. Later, while delivering a guest lecture at Harvard University, Nash realizes that he is being watched by a hostile group of people. Although he attempts to flee, he is forcibly sedated and sent to a psychiatric facility. Nash's internment seemingly confirms his belief that the Soviets were trying to extract information from him. He views the officials of the psychiatric facility as Soviet kidnappers. Alicia, desperate to help her husband, visits the mailbox and retrieves all of the never-opened, "top secret" documents that Nash had delivered there. When confronted with this evidence, Nash is finally convinced that he has been hallucinating. The Department of Defense agent William Parcher and Nash's secret assignment to decode Soviet messages was in fact all a delusion. Even more surprisingly, Nash's friend Charles and his niece Marcee are also only products of Nash's mind. After a painful series of insulin shock therapy sessions, Nash is released on the condition that he agrees to take antipsychotic medication. However, the drugs create negative side-effects that affect his relationship with his wife and, most dramatically, his intellectual capacity. Frustrated, Nash secretly stops taking his medication and hoards his pills, triggering a relapse of his psychosis. While bathing his infant son, Nash becomes distracted and wanders off. Alicia is hanging laundry in the backyard and observes that the back gate is open. She discovers that Nash has turned an abandoned shed in a nearby grove of trees into an office for his work for Parcher. Upon realizing what has happened, Alicia runs into the house to confront Nash and barely saves their child from drowning in the bathtub. When she confronts him, Nash claims that his friend Charles was watching their son. Alicia runs to the phone to call the psychiatric hospital for emergency assistance. Parcher urges Nash to kill his wife, but Nash angrily refuses to do such a thing. After arguing with Parcher, Nash accidentally knocks Alicia to the ground. Afterwards, Alicia flees the house in fear with their child, but Nash steps in front of her car to prevent her from leaving. After a moment, Nash realizes that Marcee is a figment of his hallucinations because she has remained the same age since the day he met her. He tells Alicia, "She never gets old." Only then does he accept that all three people are, in fact, part of his hallucinations. (It is important to note that in real life, Nash suffered from auditory hallucinations and possible delusions, instead of visual hallucinations). Caught between the intellectual paralysis of the antipsychotic drugs and his delusions, Nash and Alicia decide to try to live with his abnormal condition. Nash consciously says goodbye to the three of them forever in his attempts to ignore his hallucinations and not feed his demons. However, he thanks Charles for being his best friend over the years, and says a tearful goodbye to Marcee, stroking her hair and calling her "baby girl," telling them both he wouldn't speak to them anymore. Nash grows older and approaches his old friend and intellectual rival Martin Hansen, now head of the Princeton mathematics department, who grants him permission to work out of the library and audit classes, though the university will not provide him with his own office. Though Nash still suffers from hallucinations and mentions taking newer medications, he is ultimately able to live with and largely ignore his psychotic episodes. He takes his situation in stride and humorously checks to ensure that any new acquaintances are in fact real people, not hallucinations. Nash eventually earns the privilege of teaching again. He is honored by his fellow professors for his achievement in mathematics, and goes on to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics for his revolutionary work on game theory. Nash and Alicia are about to leave the auditorium in Stockholm, when John sees Charles, Marcee and Parcher standing and smiling. Alicia asks John, "What's wrong?" John replies, "Nothing." With that, they both leave the auditorium. (Source: WikiPedia. Bangs_McCoy) 