nm0011386:

 The Kominsky Method (20182021)Summaries An aging actor, who long ago enjoyed a brush with fame, makes his living as an acting coach. Michael Douglas plays an actor who made it big a long time ago and who now is an acting coach at his studio named after himself, "The Kominsky Method." His best friend and agent loses his wife to cancer, which leaves both of them questioning their existence as they struggle through choices and relationships, old and new. As Kominsky teaches a class to actors he meets a woman whom he has deep feelings for, but lacks the skills to make a relationship work. Meanwhile his agent struggles with the pain of his wife's death and a drug addicted daughter. Throughout the series it becomes clear that their advanced age has challenges that neither one knows how to overcome, and as they keep onboard this train of life, which is closer to death then ever before, they learn to navigate their way through pain and character growth and set backs. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Good Girls Revolt (20152016)Summaries A look at the personal and professional lives of employees at an American news magazine in the late 1960s. Based on the true story, Good Girls Revolt follows the lives of women working in fictional "News of the Week" newsroom (based on Newsweek magazine) as "researchers" under a group of male reporters. The story focuses on the lead up to their battle for equal rights in the workplace, notably their right to be reporters. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 All Rise (20192021)Summaries A look at the personal and professional lives of the judges, lawyers, clerks, bailiffs and cops who work at an L.A. County courthouse. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 This Is Us (20162022)Summaries A heartwarming and emotional story about a unique set of triplets, their struggles and their wonderful parents. Rebecca Pearson once had a difficult pregnancy with triplets. The resulting births occurred on the same day as her husband Jack Pearson's thirty-sixth birthday. The lives of Rebecca, Jack and their three offspring - Kevin, Kate and Randall - are presented at different points in time. The Rebecca and Jack stories generally take place during the early stage of their marriage, surrounding the birth of the three children or at different phases of the children's upbringing, which was not always smooth sailing for any of the five. Separate stories concerning Kevin, Kate and Randall are also presented in their adult years, each who has his or her own baggage resulting from that upbringing: Kevin who was generally the neglected one because he had no outward issues; Kate who has always had weight issues; Randall, the gifted one, being the visible outsider and being the "non-K" child. These stories may demonstrate the emotional ties that exist not only because of being family, but also because of four of them having the same birthday and some of them having always been together, meaning since conception. Huggo The Pearson family's generational story unfolds in this emotional drama. In moments of love, joy, triumph and heartbreak, revelations emerge from parents Jack and Rebecca's past, while triplets Kate, Randall and Kevin discover deeper meaning in their present day lives. Successful businessman and father Randall searches for information about his biological parents. Kate finds love and self-acceptance while battling obesity. Kevin pursues a more meaningful career, which brings some difficult choices. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 