nm0003741:

 They Came from Somewhere Else (1984 )Summaries The new town of Middleford is taken over by aliens. Not quite a sitcom or a sketch comedy but it fell somewhere in between. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mr. Bean (19901995)44) Bumbling, childlike Mr. Bean has trouble completing the simplest of tasks in day-to-day life, but his perseverance and resourcefulness frequently allow him to find ingenious ways around problems. Mr Bean (portrayed by Sir Rowan Sebastian Atkinson) is a lazy, crazy, clumsy, mischievous and destructive lunatic alien man from outer space who has fallen to earth out of his UFO. join him on his adventures of solving problems and creating worse disasters in this hilarious slapstick science fiction comedy Television sitcom series for the entire family. The opening credits show Mr. Bean being dropped from the heavens fully grown, and it certainly seems that way. He has a complete ignorance of how to do many simple tasks, but is also incredibly creative and usually can come up with a solution to any problem that a smarter man would never think of. Driving around in a Mini with his faithful teddy bear, he also has a nasty habit of knocking over three-wheeled cars... rmlohner A hilarious show of ingenuity and very little brain power, Mr. Bean is about a man named Mr. Bean with a child-like nature. When faced with life's problems, he'll always be sure to come up with something inventive to assist him. Armed with his teddy and famous green car, Mr. Bean with leave you rolling on the floor! Morticon It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bean (1997)761) The bumbling Mr. Bean travels to America when he is given the responsibility of bringing a highly valuable painting to a Los Angeles museum. Bean (Rowan Atkinson) works as a caretaker at Britain's formidable Royal National Gallery, and his bosses want to fire him because he sleeps at work all the time, but can't because the chairman of the gallery's board defends him. They send him to the U.S., to the small Los Angeles art gallery instead, where he'll have to officiate at the opening of the greatest U.S. picture ever (called "Whistler's Mother"). Mr. Bean (Rowan Atkinson) is an eccentric caretaker working for the British National Gallery in London, England. He is going to get fired by the museum's board of directors, because he doesn't do his job and all he does is sleep. But the board instead decides to send Mr. Bean to Los Angeles, where David Langley (Peter MacNicol), curator of a museum in downtown Los Angeles has requested that the board of directors of the British national gallery sends a art scholar to talk about their latest purchase, the famous painting "Whistler's Mother" which military officer General Newton (Burt Reynolds) has donated to the museum, at a opening conference. But Mr. Bean's arrival in Los Angeles causes mayhem, as David invites Mr. Bean to stay with his family and begins causing problems for David's marriage. But Mr. Bean doesn't know anything about paintings and although they think he is a brilliant, eccentric art scholar, he really isn't the right man to protect the painting as his behavior also threatens the painting. Daniel Williamson This movie features Mr. Bean (Rowin Atkinson) in new adventures. The painting "Whistler's Mother" has been acquired from the Musee d'Orsay in Paris by the Grierson Gallery in California. As an attempt to get him out of the country, Mr. Bean is sent to Los Angeles, California to unveil the painting and present it to everyone, even though he knows nothing about the painting. Livia Cheng <rhonda@post1.com> Mr. Bean (Rowan Atkinson) works as a caretaker in a British gallery. He is a very bad worker (keeps sleeping at work), but his bosses are prevented from firing him, because the head of the gallery wants him as his worker. So his bosses send him to another gallery in Los Angeles, California. But things in Los Angeles go wrong. An important painting arrives to his new gallery, and somehow Mr. Bean suppose to present it to a selected audience, and to protect it as well. The thing is that Mr. Bean does not know anything about paints, and he is exactly the most unsuited man to protect the paint. rsilberman Even though he works only as a caretaker, Britain's Royal National Gallery just can not get rid of the clumsy Mr. Bean (Rowan Atkinson). That is until a Los Angeles, California art gallery requests assistance from the best man in Britain. This is the perfect opportunity for Britain to get rid of Mr. Bean and to unleash Los Angeles with the same problems. FilmFanUk Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mr. Bean (Rowan Atkinson) is a well-meaning, but hopelessly clumsy and destructive guard at the Royal National Gallery in London. Attempts by the gallery's board of directors to fire Bean are thwarted by the chairman who, for unspecified reasons, is very fond of him. Desperate to rid themselves of the turmoil Bean unintentionally causes, the board members send him to the United States to represent them at the unveiling of the portrait Whistler's Mother, which has been purchased for $50 million by the Grierson Art Gallery in Los Angeles. Bean's visit has been arranged by the gallery's curator, David Langley (Peter MacNicol) who is being very impressed by the National Gallery's fabricated praise of "Dr. Bean", decides to board him in his house. On his flight to Los Angeles, Bean attempts to amuse a child with air sickness by blowing up his M&Ms bag and popping it to wake up the man in front of him, but without success. After the child throws up into an air sickness bag, Bean takes the bag from him and repeats the bag popping over the man's face, only to splatter him with vomit. He hides from the man upon his arrival to Los Angeles, where he is detained at the airport due to pretending to have a gun. His arrival at David's house is initially met with subtle hostility from David's wife Alison (Pamela Reed), son Kevin (Andrew Lawrence), and daughter Jennifer (Tricia Vessey). Alison refuses David's request to allow Bean to live with them for two months, and David promises Alison that he will talk to Bean and take him to a hotel after their meeting at the gallery. Bean's unorthodox arrival at the gallery worries many of David's colleagues, particularly his boss, George Grierson (Harris Yulin), who subtly warns David that he will be responsible for Bean's actions at the unveiling of the painting, but David promises that he can handle Bean, convinced that he is merely a little eccentric. When David takes Bean back to his house, Alison departs for her mother's home, unwilling to live with Bean. With his family gone, David decides to take Bean on a tour of the Los Angeles art galleries. However, Bean decides that he and David should go to Pacific Park instead, but lands in police detainment for the second time after accidentally tampering with the controls of a motion simulator ride, making it go dangerously fast after deeming that his first ride earlier was too slow. This prompts Lieutenant Brutus (Richard Gant), who dealt with Bean at the airport, to make David accountable for Bean, threatening to arrest Bean if he ever steps out of line again. Following a miserable dinner with Grierson which David had forgotten about, where Bean accidentally blows up the microwave after attempting to cook their Thanksgiving turkey in it, David finally realises that Bean is not a doctor and knows nothing about art. He is obliged to continue with the deception, however, as he has already staked his professional career on Bean's supposed reputation as a noted art scholar. The next day, Whistler's Mother arrives at the Grierson Art Gallery, and Bean is given a few minutes alone to study it, in an effort to keep him out of trouble. While dusting the frame, Bean accidentally sneezes on the painting and wipes it with a handkerchief, not knowing that it is covered in blue ink from a broken pen, and therefore the painting is stained. Terrified, Bean takes it to the caretaker's cupboard to get some agent by which to remove the ink. He uses lacquer thinner, which also dissolves the painted face from the painting. Much to his horror, Bean attempts to patch it up with an extremely unconvincing cartoon face. Upon seeing it, David is also horrified and hides the painting behind its metal security shutters. Fearing that David will lose his job and possibly face criminal proceedings for his vandalism, he and Bean head off to a bar to drown their sorrows. During the night, Bean hatches his plan to restore Whistler's Mother. He gathers a few items from David's house and makes his way to the Grierson Art Gallery. He distracts the only security guard on duty by putting laxative in his coffee, followed by switching the men's bathroom keys with some other set. He removes the destroyed painting from its frame and replaces it with a poster version of itself, glossing it with an egg and varnish mix to make it appear authentic. At the unveiling of Whistler's Mother the next day, David is overjoyed to see the painting is restored, but expects Bean, who has totally forgotten to come up with a speech, to make a fool of himself on national television when he takes the podium at the press conference. However, Bean's brief but effective off-the-cuff speech regarding the work is both very simple and very deep, cementing the public's perception of him as a scholarly virtuoso. Despite initial doubts, the officials and hierarchy appear to take his words to heart and enjoy the speech. After the unveiling, Brutus finds David and informs him that Jennifer has been involved in a motorcycle accident because she rebelled against David for not getting rid of Bean, and is in intensive care. Bean and David are given a police escort to the hospital to see Jennifer, but Brutus stops on his way to deal with an armed robber, who shoots Brutus in his stomach before being arrested. Due to a mix-up at the hospital, Bean is mistaken for a medical doctor and pushed into an operating theatre containing Brutus, who is shot in the stomach and barely alive. While the other doctors and nurses are distracted, Bean unconventionally retrieves the bullet and eventually rescues Brutus, earning the admiration of his colleagues. Bean is again mistaken for a doctor and this time, David takes him to see Jennifer, who is unconscious. Bean, unsure what to do, attempt to use a defibrillator to bring Jennifer back to life, but accidentally shocks himself and is sent flying across the room and lands on Jennifer in her bed and waking her up in the process. Still not recognising Bean, David and Alison tell him that they will offer him anything. Bean reveals himself and then asks if he can stay with them for another week before returning to London. Though baffled, the Langleys gladly accept. After another week in Los Angeles with the Langleys, for which he gives the family gifts, and explores the city, a bald man shows him his middle finger, bean thinks it is a sign of good luck. So he shows this to everybody. In his flat, Bean, getting ready to bed for the night, turns off the light and looks at the original vandalised Whistler's Mother, which now has pride-of-place on his wall, and shows it to his Teddy before closing his eyes and going to sleep. 
 Mr. Bean's Holiday (2007)431) Mr. Bean wins a trip to Cannes where he unwittingly separates a young boy from his father and must help the two reunite. On the way he discovers France, bicycling, and true love. Mr. Bean enters a church raffle and wins a vacation trip to France as well as a camcorder. After boarding a Eurostar train and arriving in Paris, the French language proves a barrier for Bean, as he struggles to get across the city to catch a train to the south of France from the Gare de Lyon. Taking time to order a meal, he finds the consumption of a seafood platter to be a challenge. Just before catching his train, he asks Emil, a Russian film director on his way to be a judge at the Cannes Film festival to use his camcorder to record his boarding, but accidentally causes Emil being left behind at the station. Bean attempts to cheer up the director's son Stepan as the train continues south but matters are made more hectic by the fact that Emil has reported his son to have been kidnapped and Bean losing his wallet and essential travel documents at a pay phone where he and Stepan attempt to contact Emil. Heading in the direction of Cannes, Bean finds himself in the cast and disrupting the flow of a commercial being shot by the egotistical director Carson Clay. He and Stepan finally hitch a ride with the young and vivacious actress Sabine who is heading to Cannes to attend the premiere of Clay's film, in which she appears. After Bean sneaks into the showing, his camcorder images are destined to enliven the proceedings. Brian Greenhalgh Much to his delight, the clumsy but mainly well-intentioned, Mr Bean, wins a trip to the South of France at the picturesque French Riviera, after entering a church fundraiser. Without delay, the loveable man-child Londoner sets off for a relaxing holiday at the sunny beaches of Cannes equipped with a brand-new video camera; however, it is not before long when Bean's dreamy vacations will turn into an odyssey of unforeseen consequences. Inevitably, on his journey across France to finally get to the beach, disaster will follow, but who knows what will happen when Mr Bean's wild adventure ends up at the renowned Cannes Film Festival. Will Bean catch a glimpse of the sea? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mr. Bean (Rowan Atkinson) wins a raffle and claims his prize a holiday involving a train journey to Cannes, a Sony Handycam DCR-HC96, and 200. Bean proceeds to film his trip to the French Riviera beach on the video camera. On the train, Bean buys some coffee. Bean arrives in Paris, France where accidentally taking a taxi from the Gare du Nord railway station to the arch at La Defense in Paris, Bean is forced to make his way on foot with the help of compass, literally walking through Paris (with disastrous effects) towards Gare de Lyon from La Dfense to board his next train towards Cannes. He misses his train when his tie gets stuck while trying to buy a sandwich from a vending machine. Discovering that a back-up train won't be leaving for another hour, he has time to try some French food at Le Train Bleu restaurant. Unable to communicate with the waiter in French and misunderstanding his suggestion, he accidentally orders oysters and langoustines, disgusting the taste of oysters. He pours the oysters into a nearby lady's handbag and eats a whole langoustine without removing the shell. He quickly escapes when the lady sees the oysters inside her bag. Back on the platform, Bean asks a man, who happens to be a Cannes Film Festival jury member and Russian movie critic Emil Dachevsky (Karel Roden), to use his camcorder to film his walking onto the train. By the time they are done, the TGV is about to leave. Although Bean manages to get onto the train, the doors close before Emil can get on. Emil told Bean to open the door but there is no button and then helplessly films Emil while running. Emil's son, Stepan Dachevsky (Max Baldry) is left on board by himself. Bean attempts to befriend Stepan, who gets off at the next stop to meet his father. While confronting a threatening stranger who approaches Stepan, Bean accidentally misses the train's departure, losing his bag aboard. The train that Stepan's father has boarded does not stop at the station, and he holds up a mobile number which reads 0608080797, but the last two digits are covered by his fingers. Bean and Stepan write down the possible numbers, but their first three attempts of calling Stepan's father prove fruitless. They end up calling a hairdresser, an undertaker, and a two-year-old kid. They board the next train, accidentally leaving Bean's ticket, passport and money behind which results in the duo being forced off the train at the next stop. They ask a lady for money to try and contact Stepan's father, but still, they are unable to reach him. Ironically, they end up contacting a maid who is cleaning Stepan's parents' hotel room. Then, a security camera takes a picture of Bean making a fake evil face. The station master sees Bean and Stepan trying to get money out of some public phones and chases them out of the station, suspecting them as vandals. Feeling hungry and low on money, Bean and Stepan decide to attempt at busking by miming to Puccini's O mio babbino caro (sung by Rita Streich) and other music and it proves successful. Afterwards, Bean buys two bus tickets to Cannes, and some food to eat on the way, but loses his ticket when it gets caught in the breeze and then snagged in the talon of a chicken, which is subsequently loaded into a farm pick-up. Bean steals a nearby bicycle and follows the pick-up, and passes a bicycle race in the process. When he reaches the farm, he finds a large chicken pen with thousands of chickens and realizes that he'll never find the ticket. As he leaves the farm, he finds the bicycle destroyed by a passing tank. Bean attempts to hitch a ride on a moped, but it wouldn't go since it couldn't hold two people. Ironically, a VW van with Stepan in it passes by when Bean accidentally locks himself in an old outhouse by the side of the road. After almost getting killed by a passing truck when he has managed to move the outhouse out on the road, Bean sets off for a place to settle for the night. Bean wakes up the next morning to see German World War II soldiers attacking a village he was sleeping in. Eventually he realizes that the village that he was in was used as a set for a commercial, which is being directed by Carson Clay (Willem Dafoe). Carson joins Bean as a soldier but it is fired when Carson sees Bean's camera attached on a rifle. When Bean's video camera battery dies, he decides to recharge it, but accidentally blows up the set afterwards, injuring Carson and losing his hat. Hitchhiking, Bean is picked up by actress Sabine (Emma de Caunes), whom Bean encountered at the commercial filming, driving the same type of car as Bean. She is on her way to the 59th Cannes Film Festival where Carson Clay's new film, in which she makes her debut, is going to be presented. When they stop at a petrol station, Bean finds Stepan in its caf. Continuing to drive to Cannes, Bean finds Sabine's cell phone, which gives him an idea to try and contact Stepan's father, but yet again, they still are unable to reach him. They end up calling a man who accidentally drops his phone in a urinal, a man who commits suicide by jumping off a bridge (after he broke up with his lover) and even the waiter from the Le Train Bleu restaurant. When Sabine falls asleep behind the steering wheel that night, Bean takes over the driving but struggles to stay awake himself. The next morning they finally reach Cannes. When Sabine goes into a petrol station to change for the premiere, she watches TV news depicting Bean as Stepan's kidnapper and Sabine as an accomplice. The news anchor also informs that road blocks have been set up all over France, trying to catch them. There were even wanted posters with Bean on them. In order not to get caught before they reach the premiere venue, Stepan dresses up as Sabine's daughter, while Bean dresses up as Sabine's mother. They manage to get past the police and Sabine arrives at the premiere on time. The three sneak into the premiere of "Playback Time", a shameless vanity production written by, produced by, directed by, and starring Carson himself. From the first few moments, the audience is horribly bored. Sabine tells Bean that her big scene is coming up, but is disappointed to see that her role has been cut from the film. Seeing that Carson uses a similar video camera as him, and hoping to cheer up Sabine, Bean goes to the projection room and plugs his camera into the projector. The ensuing scenes, heavily featuring Sabine and Bean, fit Carson's narration. When Bean, chased by security guards, ends up on stage while his video is being played, Emil sees footage of his son, where the film ends, and claims that Bean has kidnapped him. But just as Bean is about to be arrested (Bean starts to run on the backs of the chairs as Roberto Benigni in the 71st Academy Awards when his film Life Is Beautiful won) Stepan also appears from behind the screen and is finally reunited with his father. The audience gives a standing ovation for what they believe to be part of Carson's movie. Carson's initial anger fades and he embraces Bean and takes credit for the film's success. After the screening, Bean picks up his camera, leaves the building and finally arrives at the beach, encountering many of the other characters including Sabine and Stepan. The film ends with Bean and the whole cast miming Charles Trenet's famous song "La Mer". In a post-credits scene, Bean writes "FIN" on the wet sand using his foot. He films it until the sea washes the words away and the screen cuts to black as his camera's battery dies again. 