nm0000571:

 RED (2010)541) When his peaceful life is threatened by a high-tech assassin, former black-ops agent Frank Moses reassembles his old team in a last-ditch effort to survive and uncover his assailants. Frank (Bruce Willis) is retired, bored, and lonely living off of his government pension in a nondescript suburb in an equally nondescript house. The only joy in Frank's life is his calls to the government pension processing center when he gets to talk to his case worker, Sarah (Mary-Louis Parker). Sarah is as bored and lonely as Frank and marks her conversations with the unknown Frank and her spy novels as the only things fun in her life. When something in Frank's past forces him back into his old line of work and puts an unwitting Sarah in the middle of the intrigue, Frank and Sarah begin a journey into his past and the people with whom he used to work. Like Frank they are all "R.E.D." - Retired Extremely Dangerous. Malcolm is Crazy Former C.I.A. Agent Frank Moses (Bruce Willis) adjusts himself to retirement and even decorates his house for Christmas. He keeps on tearing up his checks as an excuse to keep on conversing with Sarah Ross (Mary-Louise Parker), a Pension Department employee. Then one day, his residence is attacked by heavily-armed, masked assailants. He escapes, but his house is destroyed. He meets with Sarah, abducts her, and convinces her that she in danger. He seeks the assistance of the Russians, and breaks-in to the C.I.A. headquarters and finds his file is tagged as "R.E.D." (Retired Extremely Dangerous). He contacts his former associates: Joe (Morgan Freeman), Marvin (John Malkovich), and Victoria (Helen Mirren), who join him with a plan that will pit them against security forces, especially when he announces their agenda is to kill Vice President Robert Stanton (Julian McMahon). But then things get complicated after Sarah is apprehended and held for interrogation. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Frank Moses (Bruce Willis) used to be a C.I.A. top Agent, but now that he is retired, the secrets he knows make him a C.I.A. target. He unites with ex-Agents Joe (Morgan Freeman), Marvin (John Malkovich), and Victoria (Dame Helen Mirren) to use all of their abilities to stay alive and stop the operation. They are labelled "R.E.D.": Retired Extremely Dangerous, so an impossible mission is just another day at work. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Frank Moses ( Bruce Willis ) lives a very routine life alone in the Cleveland suburb of Parma Heights, Ohio. He wakes up early (6 a.m. on the dot on the morning we meet him, with no alarm), exercises, and retrieves his mail. Upon receiving a government pension check in the mail, he calls the pension office to speak to his case worker, Sarah Ross ( Mary-Louise Parker ). He tells her the check didn't arrive as he tears it up. She's exasperated and promises that they'll send another check right away. It's evident that Frank calls just to speak with her, and she enjoys talking to him too. They chat about things like the book she's reading (it's a trashy romance called Love's Savage Secret -- "It's terrible -- I love it") and how many leaves are growing on Frank's avocado pit. Christmas is approaching and Frank decides to follow his neighbors' example and decorate his property, putting a team of reindeer on the lawn and a snowman on the porch. It's not clear whether he does it because he's really feeling it or to make his already nondescript house blend into a neighborhood where everyone else has Christmas decorations. One day on the phone with Sarah, Frank plucks up the courage to say that he'll be in Kansas City the following week, where she lives. She tells him to call her when he gets there. Later, they're in their separate homes reading in bed -- and they're both reading Love's Savage Secret. In the middle of the night, Frank wakes up, dons his robe, and wanders sleepily downstairs. As he turns a corner towards the kitchen, three men wearing SWAT gear follow silently behind him. They watch as he enters the kitchen and closes the door. With the go-ahead, one man kicks the door in but finds the kitchen empty. As they look for him, Frank suddenly appears and takes them all out one by one with silent precision. When their radio asks for a report from Unit 1, Frank realizes there must be more assassins outside. He takes a handful of bullets, puts them in a frying pan with a little oil, and turns on the stove. He goes into the basement and sledgehammers through the floor to a hidden depository where a packed bag, money, weapons and ammunition, and passports are stored. Upstairs, the bullets cook off, giving the impression of a gunfight, and a second team of three operatives opens fire on Frank's house with automatic rifles. They enter the house but Frank quickly kills all three of them. He walks away from his house unscathed as his front porch collapses. Sarah returns home from a bad date, muttering about the man's not-so-ideal qualities. "And you live with your mother? Awesome!" she says to herself as she grabs a beer from the fridge and walks into her livingroom... right past Frank, who's standing in her hallway. He tentatively waves at her and smiles but she begins throwing things at him and demands that he leave. She interrupts herself to ask "Is that my bag?" (He admits that it is, and he packed it), and "Did you vacuum?" (He did, a little.) He tries to calmly tell her, with no success, that someone is trying to kill him and that they will have been listening in on his calls, thereby knowing who Sarah is and where she lives. As if on cue, a black SUV full of operatives arrives outside. Frank apologizes to Sarah and takes her with him just before the assassins break into her apartment. As he drives, Frank tries to smooth things over with Sarah, who is tied and gagged with duct tape in the back seat. She mumbles and rants unintelligibly behind the tape and gives Frank looks of disgust. In a modern house with lots of glass, a guy ( Karl Urban ) in a nice black suit talks to his wife ( Michelle Nolden ) on a Bluetooth headset about a bullying problem their son is having at school. As he talks, he takes hair from a bag and carefully places some on a hairbrush and some in a shower drain, then plants a fingerprint. He goes through some photos before promising to pick up milk on the way home. As he hangs up, he approaches a man who's standing on a chair wearing a noose. The guy in the suit pulls the duct tape from the second man's mouth. The second man says "I can make you rich! Do you know who I am?" "Of course I do," suit guy replies. He kicks the chair out from under his victim, who kicks and struggles briefly. As soon as he stops, suit guy removes the dead man's handcuffs. Ten minutes later, suit guy is picked up in a limo in D.C. by his boss, Cynthia Wilkes (nm068207), and assigned to kill Frank, who's described as a retired CIA analyst. Frank drives through the early hours of the morning to a motel in New Orleans. Frank leaves Sarah tied to the bed, apologizes once more, comments on her beautiful eyes (which she rolls at him), and leaves, telling her he'll be back soon. He goes to meet one of his oldest friends, a fellow retiree living in Green Springs Rest Home. Joe Matheson ( Morgan Freeman ), dressed in a red track suit, asks a young aide, Marna ( Jaqueline Fleming ), to fix the television reception for him but fixes his attention on her rear end as she bends over. Frank enters the room and greets Joe, telling him in private about his visit from the "wet team." When Joe asks if Frank ID'd any of them, Frank says "Kind of," and hands Joe a manila envelope full of severed fingers. In a small jet, suit guy peruses papers, some of which are torn or crumpled. He puzzles over the torn half of a pension check until he finds the other half: he's looking at Frank's recycling. A little later, he finds his way to Sarah's records, criticizes someone over the phone for not being suspicious of Frank's 22 calls to her in pension services, and realizes that Sarah has just called 911. He arranges for someone to pick Sarah up in New Orleans and tells his pilot to change course. Joe makes a call and tells Frank a hit squad from South Africa apparently the same one that came after him -- killed a New York Times reporter called Stephanie Chan. They don't know who she is, but there's some connection to Frank's case. Joe is bored, 80 years old and has stage 4 liver cancer. He reminisces about the things they've been through and admits he never thought about getting old and the perils involved with it. Meanwhile, Sarah has managed to escape from her bonds by slamming the headboard of the bed against the wall. She calls 911 and is soon met by police and an ambulance. The paramedics dismiss her and she's led away by an officer who tells her that the police need her to make a statement and a couple of Feds also want to ask her some questions. When she asks to retrieve her purse from the motel room, the officer grabs her forcefully and begins to inject her with a drug. However, the officer is swiftly killed or incapacitated by Frank, who got back just in time. He commandeers the police car and drives away with Sarah, who begins to slip into a drugged stupor. Their car is T-boned by a black SUV. Frank is out of the car and shooting at the SUV before the car even stops spinning. The SUV driver is none other than suit guy, a CIA assassin called William Cooper. Cooper is a force to be reckoned with, but severely underestimates Frank's ingenuity. Frank calls 911 to report an officer down and fingers Cooper as the suspect. As Frank escapes the city with Sarah, Cooper is surrounded by police. Frank and Sarah drive to New York City to follow up on the reporter's death. Sarah becomes more trusting of Frank and accepts that he is ex-CIA. They find the reporter's mother living in Chinatown and Sarah asks to speak with her, believing she'll be able to gain the womans trust better than Frank could. Mrs. Chan ( Emily Kuroda ) tells them that her daughter was murdered in what was described as a robbery gone bad, but nothing was taken from her apartment. Mrs. Chan shows them a postcard from Stephanie that arrived the day she was killed. On it, Frank reads a series of numbers that no one had been able to decode. Frank asks where Chan's daughter went to college and follows that lead to the school's library stacks. He reveals to Sarah that the numbers on the postcard are from a library classification system and indicate the location of a book. The lead takes them to a section of the library where Sarah finds the book containing a piece of paper with a list of names on it. As they check the names, Frank realizes that most of the people on the list have recently been killed. Joe sits quietly in his room and is approached from behind by an assailant ( Lawrence Turner ), who Joe can see in the mirror. Joe asks if "this is how it's going to be." Frank attempts to contact Joe but his persistence is finally greeted with the saddened voice of nurse Mary ( Justine Wachsberger ) as she stands outside the retirement home near an ambulance. Deflated by the news, Frank tells Sarah that there is still another person who can help them. Cooper, meanwhile, goes to the records room of the CIA where the records keeper, Henry ( Ernest Borgnine ), provides some background on Frank. A retired black-ops agent (not an analyst as Cooper was told), Frank served in the CIA doing a variety of work and is an expert in practically every known kind of spycraft, weaponry, and combat. Labeled "RED" (Retired, Extremely Dangerous) after his retirement, Frank is a top ex-agent. However, it's clear that Cooper is also in the top rank. As an assassin working for the CIA, he has access to top secret information and is highly skilled in his profession. Frank and Sarah drive to Pensacola, Florida and steal a boat to travel to a dilapidated house on a bayou. Frank advises Sarah to stay close and not make any sudden moves. They're accosted by a wild-looking man dressed in camouflage and armed with a crossbow. Frank tells his old peer, Marvin Boggs ( John Malkovich ), that he's not there to kill him despite Marvin's paranoia. Satisfied, Marvin takes them into his home...a beat up car out back with a secret stairwell descending from inside the hood of the car; he explains that the house is a decoy. When questioned by Sarah about Marvin's paranoid behaviors, Frank tells her that Marvin suspected correctly that he was part of a mind control program when serving the CIA. He was given daily doses of LSD for eleven years. Frank briefs Marvin on his assassination attempt and their findings, showing him the list of names. Marvin recognizes most of the names as people who were involved in a mission in 1981 in Guatemala, a mission that Marvin and Frank were also a part of. Marvin recalls the clean-up they had to do in a village there after most of the inhabitants were massacred and theorizes that all the people involved are now being silenced. However, one person on the list remains alive. Gabriel Singer ( James Remar ) now works as a cargo pilot. When they stop for lunch, Sarah works the phone and discovers Singer is flying into Mobile the next day. Marvin is distracted by a passing helicopter and notes its ID number. The next day as they prepare to leave for Mobile, Marvin becomes excited and exclaims that he's "going to get the pig!" They arrive in Mobile by train, Marvin holding a stuffed, pink pig beneath his arm, and walk through the train station only to see Marvin grab a woman in a business suit and threaten her with a gun, demanding to know who she works for and saying "You smell like Washington." He tells the bewildered Frank that the woman was following them, she has a camera in her bag, and she's "one of them." Frank empties the woman's purse and finds no camera, so he orders Marvin to let her go and go rent a car. Marvin is embarrassed and dejected by his failure. At the airport, they find Singer and inquire about the Guatemala mission. Under pressure, Singer takes them to the privacy of a traffic control tower and tells them that the purpose of their mission was to extract a person of interest from the village and erase all evidence of his involvement there. Before he can say anything else, Marvin notices a helicopter flying toward the tower. Nobody else finds this noteworthy they are, as Sarah observes, at an airport but Marvin panics because it's the same helicopter he saw yesterday at lunch in Pensacola. Before they can do anything, a sharpshooter in the helicopter kills Singer. Cooper orders them to "shake the tree," so they keep shooting, destroying the tower. The trio manages to escape and takes refuge among large shipping containers stored near the terminal. They're attacked by multiple assassins as they dodge among the containers. Marvin gives Frank his pig, which turns out to house a folded grenade launcher. The woman Marvin accosted earlier shoots at them (just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you). She calls Marvin an old man, which makes him indignant. "Can I kill her now?" Frank's all for it. When the woman takes aim with a rocket launcher Marvin takes his revenge, firing a bullet into the oncoming rocket (an amazing feat), which triggers a premature explosion, killing the assailant. They continue to fight their way out of the terminal before Cooper and his men can kill them. In the aftermath, Frank determines that they need more information and must infiltrate the CIA itself to obtain it. Marvin slanders this as a suicide mission but Frank knows where to go to get some help. This news doesn't improve Marvin's morale. They drive to Russian Federation headquarters and Frank enters alone. He is escorted to a large basement room where he meets Ivan Simanov ( Brian Cox ), an old secret agent and long-time adversary whose cousin Frank killed. They share some vodka and Frank reveals, to Ivan's amusement, that his cousin Igor is still alive -- Frank turned him. Igor owns a string of 7-Elevens and weighs 500 pounds. Ivan laments that he's bored and hasn't killed anyone in years. He agrees to help Frank and give him the blueprints, credentials, and tools he needs to infiltrate the CIA in Langley on condition that Frank perform a favor to be named later. Frank and Sarah enter the CIA with fake IDs, courtesy of Ivan, and are nearly caught when Sarah drops Frank's contact lens (with false optics for an eye scanner). They find their way down to the records room where Henry recognizes Frank and eagerly gives him the file on Guatemala. He tells Frank that Cooper was down in the room looking for information on him the other day. Frank sends Sarah off to wait for him while he goes to confront Cooper in his office. The two fight fiercely, both getting injured in the process. After gaining an early advantage, Cooper mockingly calls Frank "Grandpa" which turns out to be true, in a professional sense: Frank trained Kordesky, the agent who trained Cooper. Frank asserts that he is far better skilled than Cooper and that he won't back down easily before escaping, but not before getting shot in the shoulder. He reunites with Sarah and they improvise a bomb in a maintenance closet using acetone, bleach, and Clog Buster. They pull the fire alarm and slip out with the evacuating crowd. Frank steals a fireman's helmet and jacket to escape and he and Sarah return to Marvin, who has taken an ambulance. Inside, they find Joe, alive and well and eager to join the team. Joe reveals that he faked his death after an assassin arrived at the retirement home to kill him. Joe was prepared and killed the assassin with a hidden gun and silencer. Meanwhile, Cooper recuperates in his office from his scuffle with Frank. His superior, Cynthia Wilkes, berates him for having his ass handed to him by a retiree. She tells him nothing in the mission has changed (i.e. he still needs to kill Frank). The team drives to the home of Victoria ( Helen Mirren ), a fellow wetwork retiree. They're nervous about going there, but Frank still has a bullet in his shoulder and they can't go to a hospital. Frank enters the house alone and finds Victoria arranging flowers in her living room. She greets Frank as an old friend and immediately takes note of his wounds. She agrees to help him, provided that Marvin (who's hiding in a bush outside the window behind her, aiming a rifle at her) stand down "before he hurts himself." As she stitches Frank up, she admits that she too misses the old life and even takes the odd job on the side every once in a while. She is thrilled to meet Sarah and, with the others, goes over all the information they've collected. The review reveals that one man is on the deceased reporter's list but not in the Guatemala file taken from the CIA records department: arms dealer Alexander Dunning ( Richard Dreyfuss ). Dunning lives secluded and well-guarded in his mansion, but is happy to invite Joe to meet with him because Joe is posing as the defense minister of an African dictatorship in need of weaponry. Marvin and Frank act as his bodyguards. Dunning, under audio surveillance by the FBI due to his history of arms merchandising, activates a prerecorded speech about his services before leading them into a sound-proof study. Sarah and Victoria wait outdoors, hidden in the woods and keeping watch with a sniper rifle. Victoria tells Sarah that she's never seen Frank so happy and, if Sarah breaks his heart, she will kill her and hide her body in the woods. Victoria also tells Sarah that when she was in MI6, she was in love with a fellow agent but that their relationship wasn't "sanctioned." When Victoria's loyalty was brought into question, she was ordered to kill her lover... so she put three bullets into his chest. Frank, Joe, and Marvin reveal themselves to Dunning and secure him in a chair with duct tape. Dunning confesses, under threat of torture, that the person extracted from the village in Guatemala was none other than Vice President Robert Stanton ( Julian McMahon ), who was a lieutenant at the time. Apparently, he suffered a breakdown and went AWOL, killing everyone in the village. Now that he's about to run for president, Stanton has ordered hits on everyone who was involved in cleaning up his mess in order to tie up loose ends, using the CIA as his personal hit squad. Dunning believes he'll be targeted too. At that moment, the recording in the house begins to skip and the surveillance team outside sends the order to surround the house. Victoria relays this message via radio to Frank. He realizes that there's no clean way out of the house and Joe proposes a plan, one that will sacrifice himself but ensure the escape of the others. Cooper, following a tip from Cynthia, arrives on the scene and calls in to negotiate the peaceful surrender of Frank, who responds that he is simply uncovering a scandal involving the cover-up of the vice president's treachery. This news shakes Cooper's faith in his mission, but he remains firm in his demands. Frank agrees to come out while Cooper orders his men to hold their fire. Frank walks out the front door in a trench coat and hat. No sooner does he cross the threshold than he's shot down by an unseen sniper. Cooper runs to the body, followed closely by Victoria's sights, and discovers that "Frank" is really Joe in disguise but of course, he's dead. Victoria fires on Cooper, intentionally missing, giving Frank and Marvin time to escape out a window and into the woods. However, Sarah trips on a snow-covered incline and Victoria is forced to leave her behind to be captured. When Ivan picks up Frank, Marvin, and Victoria, Frank is surprised to find that Victoria and Ivan know each other and startled by something Ivan says to Victoria (possibly in Russian): "Did he just call you bunny?" Frank resolves to save Sarah and calls Cooper just as an interrogator begins to question her, telling Sarah that nobody knows she's there, so he can do anything he needs to do to make her talk. Frank's call is already being traced before the tech hands the phone to Cooper. Frank tells Cooper that they all must protect the things they love. Cooper is horrified to find out that Frank is calling from his own home, watching his wife and children ( Jake Goodman and Tess Goodman ) play outside. Frank tells him that he will rip his family from him and then kill him if anything happens to Sarah. Cooper promises to keep her safe. Before he hangs up, Frank confesses his plan to kill the vice president for his past misdeeds and for ordering the hits on them. A squad rushes to Cooper's house and, when he arrives, he finds his family perfectly safe. On a table inside, he sees that Frank left him the Guatemala file and the CIA ID he'd previously stolen from Cooper. The team regroups and Ivan joins the fray. He relates the turmoils of love to Frank and reveals that the love of his life shot him three times in the chest to save them both; that when he woke up alive, he knew she still loved him. He tells Frank not to worry about Sarah. They formulate a plan to get Sarah back and to expose the vice president for what he did. They go to Chicago where Stanton is holding a fundraiser. It's a black tie event and security is high but the team manages to gain access with minimal effort. Victoria attends the gala in an elegant white gown while Marvin sneaks in as a waiter. Stanton arrives with his Secret Service detail (to which Cooper has been seconded) and addresses the attendees with thanks and the formal announcement that he is to run for president, asking them to give him their monetary consideration for his campaign. The music plays and people begin to dance. Ivan approaches Victoria and invites her to dance with him as he confesses his love for her. Victoria plays it off, trying to keep cool and, as the dance ends, hands Ivan a spray canister from her purse. Ivan walks away, spraying the smelly contents of the canister throughout the room. Victoria leaves the ballroom and uses her heavy necklace to chain the double doors shut behind her from the outside. At that moment, Ivan begins shouting that he smells gas, causing a panic and the evacuation of the VP. With the fire alarms blaring, people screaming, and the main doors locked (courtesy of Victoria) the Secret Service is forced to move Stanton through an alternate exit into the parking garage. They load Stanton into a limo but come quickly under machine gun fire by Victoria and Marvin. When they attempt to load Stanton into a backup limo, Ivan emerges from an elevator on cue and detonates a bomb, destroying the second limo. Cooper, meanwhile, catches up to the Secret Service and cuts through the gunfire towards the machine gun. He finds the station empty; the gun is being fired automatically by a leverage system. He pulls the cord, allowing the secret service to move Stanton back inside through another ext. They run through the kitchens but are confronted by Victoria and Marvin once again, who continue to fire at them. The Secret Service agents return fire and Victoria is wounded in the hip. She and Marvin try to escape but, in pain, Victoria is unable to move fast enough and she tells Marvin to go on alone. He takes off without arguing the point. She runs to the end of the kitchen where the exit is blocked off by a grate. Unable to open it, she backs into it and prepares herself for her fate as the Secret Service agents draw closer. Ivan appears behind her and opens the gate before taking her in his arms and carrying her away. She tells him she loves him. Meanwhile, Stanton is escorted out of the building, where he and his two remaining guards have a weird standoff with Marvin, who runs at them wearing explosives. They run the run other way and jump into another limo marked the vice-presidential seal. Cooper chases after them and demands that the limo stop, but Stanton orders the driver to keep driving. The driver is actually Frank. He turns around and tasers his passengers, leaving the Secret Service agents on the side of the road and taking Stanton hostage. Early the next morning, Frank contacts Cooper and arranges a trade: Stanton for Sarah. At the designated spot, the Evanston power plant, Frank and Stanton watch the others arrive: first a limo backed up by a small truck with a large man and a large gun in back, then Cooper on his own. Cynthia and some bodyguards climb out of the limo, followed by Sarah and Alexander Dunning. Nearly in tears, Stanton says that Dunning, not Stanton, ordered the killings. Stanton is willing to expose everything; he just wants it to be over. Dunning confesses that he is actually the mastermind behind all the hits and has been working closely with the CIA and Cynthia to ensure that it gets done; he's been using Cooper and the CIA to kill all the loose ends, while Stanton is simply a pawn. Dunning demands Frank's gun in exchange for Sarahs release. Sarah shakes her head no. Frank says "I tore up all those checks I just wanted to talk to you." He drops his gun. Dunning orders Cooper to handcuff Frank and Cooper, in an act of faith, does so but places the key in Frank's hand. Dunning tells Cooper to kill Frank and Sarah, and he'll be head of the CIA. Cooper considers the offer and Cynthia, her gun to Sarah's head, says "This is going to happen either way." Cooper says "Fuck you, Cynthia," and shoots her down as Frank strolls towards Dunning and crushes his windpipe. Dunning's bodyguards, before they have time to react, are gunned down by the hiding Victoria, Ivan, and Marvin. Cooper, realizing the scale of the scandal, agrees to take care of the mess and promises to let Frank go. He calls Frank Grandpa again. Cooper and Frank shake hands and Frank, always scrupulous, returns the handcuffs. Marvin satisfies his paranoid tendencies by shooting Dunning in the head. He asks if they want to get pancakes. Driving out together, Ivan reminds Frank that he owes him a favor; a minor, nuclear thing in Moldova. Sarah asks if they can go (she's getting very into this secret agent stuff) and Frank agrees before kissing her. The final scene shows Frank wheeling Marvin, dressed as a woman and carrying a stolen nuclear warhead in his lap, in a wheelbarrow somewhere in the fields of Moldova being chased by the Moldovan army. Marvin asks Frank why his girlfriend couldn't be the one to wear the dress as mortars explode around them. 
 Weeds (20052012)44) When a suburban mother turns to dealing marijuana in order to maintain her privileged lifestyle after her husband dies, she finds out just how addicted her entire neighborhood already is. Creator/showrunner Jenji Kohan's hit Showtime satirical drama series told of Nancy Botwin (Mary-Louise Parker), a widowed mother of two boys - Silas and Shane (Hunter Parish and Alexander Gould) - who begins selling marijuana to support her family. Other main characters include Nancy's lax brother-in-law Andy (Justin Kirk) moving in to help raise her children; foolish acquaintance Doug Wilson (Kevin Nealon); narcissistic neighbor Celia Hodes (Elizabeth Perkins), who lives with her husband Dean (Andy Milder) and their daughter Isabelle (Allie Grant); as well as Nancy's wholesalers Heylia James and her son Conrad (Tonye Patano and Romany Malco). Over the course of the show, the Botwin family become increasingly entangled in illegal activity. Eli Allen and Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia After her husband's unexpected death and subsequent financial woes, suburban mom Nancy Botwin (Mary-Louise Parker) embraces a new profession: the neighborhood marijuana dealer. As it seems like everyone secretly wants what she's selling, even city councilman Doug Wilson (Kevin Nealon), Nancy is faced with keeping her family life in check and her enterprise a secret from her neighbor, pseudo-friend, and P.T.A. President, Celia Hodes (Elizabeth Perkins). IMDb Editors (Corrected by bdb4269) When her husband, Judah, dies of a sudden heart attack while out with his ten-year-old son, Shane, Nancy Botwin finds herself in a financial crisis. With no other option available to her, she turns to Conrad Shepard and his family to sell cannabis, using a fake bakery to move the goods. Aided by her wayward black-sheep brother-in-law, Andy (Judah's younger brother), she struggles to keep her new means of bill-solving secret from suspicious P.T.A. members and her nosy neighbors, as well as from her children, Shane and his teenage brother, Silas. Coping without Judah as the patriarch of the family reflects in the Botwins, especially Shane, who is going through the painful process of growing up without his dad, with Andy as the reluctant and rather poor substitute for father-and-son topics that go with growing up. suspiciouscrabs It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 RED 2 (2013)431) Retired CIA agent Frank Moses reunites his unlikely team of elite operatives for a global quest to track down a missing portable nuclear device. Retired C.I.A. Agent Frank Moses (Bruce Willis) is in love with Sarah Ross (Mary-Louise Parker) and enjoying their normal life. Out of the blue, Marvin Boggs (John Malkovich) meets Frank in the supermarket and tells that Wikileaks has released the information that they had participated and know the whereabouts of the Nightshade, a portable nuclear weapon that was smuggled in pieces and hidden in Russia. Now the top agents in the world are under contract to seek them out to discover where Nightshade is. The trio travels to Paris and teams-up with the Russian Katja (Catherine Zeta-Jones) to track down the former Russian Agent "The Frog" (David Thewlis) to get more information about the operation. They learn that the brilliant inventor Dr. Edward Bailey (Sir Anthony Hopkins) might know where the weapon is. They discover that Bailey has been interned in an asylum in London by the MI6 for thirty-two years and the British Victoria (Dame Helen Mirren) joins the team. They rescue Bailey and find that the nuclear device is hidden in the Kremlin. Soon, the dangerous South Korean Han Cho Bai (Lee Byung-hun) joins the group expecting to retrieve the weapon. But dangerous killer Jack Horton (Neal McDonough) is hunting Frank down and will not stop until he recovers the nuclear bomb. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Frank (Bruce Willis), Sarah (Mary-Louise Parker), and Marvin (John Malkovich) fight an unrelenting onslaught of hired killers, heavily armed terrorists, and powerful government officials in their desperate race to prevent a missing portable nuclear device from falling into the wrong hands. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. While trying to lead a normal life with girlfriend Sarah Ross (Mary-Louise Parker), Frank Moses (Bruce Willis) is approached by Marvin Boggs (John Malkovich), who is afraid that there are people following them, but Frank shrugs him off. After appealing a second time, Marvin drives off, but his car is blown up. Sarah convinces Frank, who does not believe Marvin is dead, to go to Marvin's funeral, and after the funeral, Frank is taken to be interrogated at a Yankee White Facility. During the interrogation, Jack Horton (Neal McDonough) appears, killing most of the facility's personnel, and tells Frank that he will torture Sarah in order to get information out of Frank. Frank manages to escape with the help of Marvin, who turns out to be alive, and they go on the run with Sarah. Marvin explains that he and Frank were being hunted down because they were listed as participants in a secret operation codenamed Nightshade. The operation was conducted in the Cold War in order to smuggle a nuclear weapon into Russia piece by piece. Victoria (Helen Mirren) calls and tells them she has accepted a contract from MI6 to kill Frank. Meanwhile, top contract killer Han Jo-bae (Lee Byung-hun) is given a contract to kill Frank as well. Frank, Marvin, and Sarah travel to Paris to track down a man nicknamed "The Frog" (David Thewlis), with Han, whose plane they stole, and the Americans on their tails. As they arrive in Paris, they are stopped by Katya (Catherine Zeta-Jones), a Russian secret agent who Frank had a relationship with earlier in his career. Katya is in search of Nightshade as well, and teams up with them to find The Frog. After The Frog flees from them, Frank and Katya catch him and bring him back to his house, where Sarah succeeds in wooing him to help them. The Frog gives them the key to his security box, which Katya attempts to take from Frank after drugging him, but Marvin gives her a fake key. He, Frank, and Sarah find documents in the security box which point to Dr. Edward Bailey (Anthony Hopkins), a brilliant physicist, as the creator of the bomb involved with Operation Nightshade. They find out that Bailey is still alive, having been held in an asylum for the criminally insane in London for thirty-two years. After arriving in London, the trio are confronted by Victoria, but Victoria helps to fake their deaths. Victoria then poses as an insane woman in order to gain access to the asylum. Frank and Victoria meet Bailey, who is hyperactive and does not respond to their questions. After a while, Bailey reveals that the bomb is still in Moscow. They go to Moscow, and after a close call with Han, Bailey comes to the conclusion that he hid the bomb in the Kremlin. They break into the Kremlin, and Bailey locates the bomb, but as they are about to leave, they are stopped by Katya. Frank convinces her to return to their side As they celebrate their success, Victoria calls Frank from London and tells him that Bailey was locked up because he wanted to see the bomb go off. Bailey holds Frank at gunpoint and confirms Victoria's message, revealing that he made a deal with Horton and the Americans to leave with the bomb. He then shoots Katya, staging her death at Frank's hands, and leaves. Horton reneges on his deal with Bailey, intending to question him, but Bailey escapes by using a nerve agent he created. Bailey moves to the Iranian embassy in London, and as Frank attempts to follow, he is confronted by Han, and after a fistfight, Frank asks Han to join sides with him and stop the bomb. Han eventually relents, and they set in place a plan to recapture Bailey and the bomb. Sarah seduces the Iranian ambassador and takes him hostage on the pretext of women's rights in Iran. Marvin sets in place a diversion, and the rest come in disguise to "fix" the problem. When they arrive, they discover that Bailey has set the bomb timer off. Bailey kidnaps Sarah and goes to the airport to escape the imminent explosion. Frank, Marvin, Victoria, and Han give chase, but are themselves chased by guards from the embassy. After they escape, they arrive at the airport, and Frank saves Sarah from Bailey, but is forced by him to take the bomb off the plane. They reunite with Marvin, Victoria, and Han and wait for their imminent deaths, but the bomb explodes in the air, killing Bailey. Frank reveals that he sneaked the bomb on the plane. The movie closes with a scene showing Sarah enjoying herself on a mission with Frank and Marvin. 
 R.I.P.D. (2013)761) A recently slain cop joins a team of undead police officers working for the Rest in Peace Department and tries to find the man who murdered him. In Boston, the dirty cop Nick hides gold that he has stolen from drug-dealers with his partner Hayes in the backyard of his house. However, on the next morning, Nick tells Hayes that he will deliver the evidence to the police since he loves his wife Julia and he could not face her acting that way. Nick and Hayes are assigned to a raid against a dangerous gang and unexpectedly Hayes kills Nick. Nick is drawn by a tunnel and based on his previous experience in the police department, he is assigned in the afterlife by the Proctor to join the Rest in Peace Department that protects the living world from the undead and work with the old-fashioned agent Roy. Roy and Nick accidentally find that Hayes in plotting a scheme to revert the sense of the tunnel to the afterlife and bring the Apocalypse to Earth. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Nick, a cop, gets murdered by his own partner. He joins the R.I.P.D. (Rest in Peace Department), an alternate reality and a police force. They find Deados, souls that refuse to go to the afterlife, from wreaking havoc on life as we know it. Upon joining the R.I.P.D., Nick is paired with a lawman of the Old West, Roy. Upon returning back to Earth, Nick has the appearance of an old Chinese dude, while Roy has the appearance of a smoking hot blonde chick. It might be bad enough that Nick is unable to reunite with his wife, but what's worse is that these Deados will bring upon diabolical worldwide disaster. Nick and Roy must put a stop to these Deados before it's too little too late! gamergcfan Nick Walker, a narcotics detective with the Boston Police Department, has just been killed in the line of duty. Rather than face judgment to determine his final resting place, Nick is recruited by Chief Mildred Proctor into the Rest in Peace Department (R.I.P.D.). Part of the reason for he ending up in this limbo of sorts is that on Earth, he and his partner, Detective Bobby Hayes, in the process of a drug raid, found a stash of gold pieces, which they took for themselves, Nick doing it solely in the want to make a better life for his wife, Julia. The limbo is also despite Nick, before his death, feeling remorse for this action and vowing to turn in his share of the gold, in the process not turning in Bobby. The mandate of the R.I.P.D. is to go back to Earth to find and destroy deados - dead people who have been able to evade judgment and are now back in human form among the living on Earth - so that they will face that judgment, ultimately sending them "down there" as their final resting place. Initially, Nick, learning that he will be going back to Boston, expects that he will be able to reunite with Julia and avenge his death in this job, that is until he learns that R.I.P.D. members are given new appearances and thus new identities. Nick is partnered with Roy Pulsipher, a longtime R.I.P.D. member who was a southern US Marshal during the Civil War era in his life on Earth. Judgmental Roy, who is not told of Nick's criminal actions, hopes to be able to retire soon to go to his final resting place. In the process of their work, they will discover that the gold pieces have a higher more nefarious purpose which, if in the wrong hands, could spell the end of life on Earth as it is known. As such, Nick tries to do this work while attending to his own initial goals of avenging his death and reuniting with Julia, which may not be easy considering the role of the gold pieces and with Roy and Proctor constantly looking over his dead shoulder. Huggo Nick Walker (Ryan Reynolds) was a cop with a reputation for getting a results when he was brutally gunned down during a violent raid. The next thing Nick knew, he was sitting in the headquarters of the Rest in Peace Department -- a supernatural police force tasked with arresting lost souls who are hiding out on Earth. His new partner Roy Pulsifer (Jeff Bridges) is a veteran sheriff with a knack for spotting a fugitive soul in disguise. Now Roy and Nick are about to face a menace that threatens to upset the ethereal balance between the physical world and the supernatural realm, and should they fail in maintaining that balance Earth will be flooded with a wave of very angry -- and very powerful -- lost souls.. Killed in the line of duty after burying evidence in his backyard, the otherwise conscientious Boston police detective, Nick Walker, becomes the newest member in the Rest In Peace Department. In exchange for redemption, Nick teams up with the veteran R.I.P.D. officer, Roy Pulsipher, to track down and return where they belong the stubborn rogue souls who refuse to cross over. However, dark forces are amassing against them, as a sinister scheme threatens to put in jeopardy not only the supernatural police force but also the frail cosmic equilibrium between this world and the afterworld. Can the cops from beyond save the day? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A monstrous, hulking like figure busts through a door after Nick Walker ( Ryan Reynolds ) gives a voiceover saying he's probably had a tougher day at work than the viewer. He then says the monstrous hulk isn't him. Nick and his partner chase the hulking figure into the streets, where it bounds off a truck and onto the side of a building. Standing on the side of the building, the figure taunts them. Nick aims a large revolver as he says that three or four days ago, he didn't know this kind of world existed-- but he wasn't in the RIPD. We go back to three or four days ago (Nick isn't sure which), and we see him burying several broken fragments of what appear to be golden disks, in his back yard. He plants a small orange tree sapling in the hole where he buried the gold. In the morning, he's playfully awoken by his wife Julia ( Stephanie Szostak ), who asks him about the tree. He plays innocent, but says it's a symbol of prosperity, and hopefully soon they can get a good house, better than the one they have now, and a good car. Julia says she's less worried about money than Nick, and having her husband waking up beside her is all she really wants. Nick arrives at work in the Boston Police Dept, greeting his partner, Bobby Hayes ( Kevin Bacon ). It turns out Bobby and Nick have secretly stolen the golden pieces from a previous drug bust, and nobody else in the department knows about it. Nick and Bobby planned to keep it for themselves. But Nick suddenly tells Bobby that Julia's assertion that she was happy as long as she had him, has changed his mind. Nick won't turn Bobby in, nor tell anyone he has half the gold, but Nick is going to turn his half in to evidence. He's unwilling to risk Julia's happiness on something he realizes she doesn't really need. At that moment, another officer comes up to call everyone to action; an informant has given up a whole meth operation belonging to a drug lord named Garza, and the department is mobilizing to raid the place and put him out of business. As the officers and a SWAT van ride out, Nick briefly ribs Bobby about a St. Christopher medal he wears around his left wrist, 'for protection.' The hideout is breached, but surprise lasts only a few brief seconds before Garza's men come out with all their firepower brought to bear. Nick spots Garza and pursues him up toward the roof of the building. High up on a catwalk, Nick sees Garza has slipped out a window when Bobby arrives. Bobby doesn't look very cheerful as he approaches his partner, and for good reason: he tells Nick that he can't let him turn the gold in. Bobby opens fire, his semi-automatic rifle knocking Nick off the catwalk to fall down to the ground. He lands right on his neck, which is broken by the impact. Nick's eyes open and he stands, looking around dazed. Time appears to be standing still at the moment he hit the ground. He walks around, looking at the frozen scene of the firefight going on, and outside a breached gate where an explosion has a squad car and several officers frozen still in mid air. Nick's attention is caught by a strange whirlpool like formation among the clouds, and his feet lift off the ground, and he's rising ino the air, higher and higher, and into the whirlpool. He flies up through a surreal vision, one of many countless human figures in a stream toward a hole high above. But then he's pulled sideways, landing in a stark white room, seated in a desk chair before a desk. Sitting behind the desk is an attractive dark-haired woman ( Mary-Louise Parker ) who watches him with a slightly amused expression. The name Proctor is on a name sign on her desk. Proctor tells Nick that she's here to help him, and she understands what he's feeling right now because she's sat in the same chair he's sitting in. Nick was heading toward Judgement, and Proctor assures him that he could probably use a good word and recommendation, especially after having stolen the gold. Proctor's offer: she's a chief for the RIPD, or Rest In Peace Department. Some people 'slip through the cracks' (Earth's population has grown so large that more people die every day than 'the system' can handle) after dying and remain among the living; this rots their soul, although they continue appearing as normal humans to the living. The RIPD's job is to find these 'deados,' as Proctor calls them, and round them up. Nick must serve among the RIPD for 100 Earth years, and will be operating back in Boston. Nick promptly volunteers to do what he's being asked to do, but Proctor shows she's not so easily fooled; she has a thorough 'case file' on Nick's life, and he wouldn't be sent back to be with Julia again. Proctor takes Nick into the main room for Boston's RIPD 'precinct,' manned by officers from many different times, always adapting to Earth's ever-changing society. Nick's first task is to meet his new partner-- a trigger-happy, rough as sandpaper, wise-talking 'lawman' with an attitude, named Roysephus 'Roy' Pulsipher ( Jeff Bridges )... who doesn't like having to have a partner. Seeing that Proctor isn't giving him any options, Roy tells Nick to come with him. A bathroom in the department leads them (when the 'toilet' is flushed) into the bathroom of a VCR repair shop on a Boston street. Their car has the shop's logo on it, as a cover identity. Roy tells Nick that Proctor wants to start Nick off 'with some closure.' This closure, for Nick, means watching his own funeral. He's given a full 21-gun salute, a flag draped over his coffin and then folded up and given to Julia, as she cries softly. But Nick gets angry when he sees the partner who betrayed and killed him, Bobby Hayes, go up to Julia and hug her. Roy doesn't try to stop Nick as he starts running off the hill he's standing on, and into the dispersing funeral crowd to try and talk to Julia. Nick reaches Julia, only to find that she doesn't recognize him. Bobby hurries up, aggressively protecting Julia from Nick, and also apparently not recognizing him. Boston officers grab Nick and keep him away as Bobby protectively gets Julia into a car and they ride away. Roy is waiting for Nick's return, and then explains that he no longer looks like Nick Walker, nor has the same voice. His words will come out jumbled and garbled if he tries to tell anyone who knew Nick, that it's him. The higher powers of the universe don't allow RIPD officers to reveal who they are to anyone that used to know them. Roy hands Nick a set of ID's that allow him access to various private places. The ID's show what he looks like to the living: Nick appears as an elderly Chinese man named Jerry Chen ( James Hong ). As for Roy-- the living see him as a sexy female blonde bombshell ( Marisa Miller ). Only to other RIPD do they appear as their former selves. As they drive through the streets of Boston, Nick learns one of the reasons for Roy's dislike of having a partner-- like Nick, Roy was betrayed and murdered by his Earthly partner. He was a Marshall in the 1800's and has been in the RIPD since then. Roy also re-iterates that Nick needs to remember that his wife is now a widow and he can't have her back. They arrive at a building where Roy has heard a deado is hiding in. He explains that a deado's rotting soul infects everything around them, and that anything broken is a strong sign of a deado's presence, such as a broken elevator and signal light. Roy hands Nick a special clip for the gun Proctor gave him; as Roy explains, Earthly weapons are useless against deados. The special handcuffs given Nick are the only way to subdue a deado, and if they are unable to bring one in alive and must defend themselves, the 'soul eraser' bullets will disperse a deado soul if they're struck in the head with them, causing the deado to be "erased" and cease to exist. RIPD can also be erased and cease to exist if struck by such bullets, as Roy cautions Nick. Roy finds his way to an apartment door beside a flickering wall light and a moldy wall. The door is answered by a meek, wimpy-looking man who Roy addresses as Stanley Nawicki ( Robert Knepper ). Roy flashes his Department of Health ID to get in. Nawicki looks hopelessly confused as Roy has Nick read a question off a card, on whether he'd accept a plate of chicken vindaloo from a teenager on an Ash Wednesday. Roy opens a container of take-out Indian food and makes like he's starting to eat it. Nawicki starts to look ill as Roy does this. Roy makes Nick read off more crazy-sounding questions, but all including the name of a dish from Indian cuisine. Nawicki continues acting more odd and more ill as this happens. When Roy starts exclaiming the name of one of the dishes loudly, some of the food spills from his mouth onto the table right in front of Nawicki, who reacts, revealing his rotted deado nature, with a humongous mouth (Roy says he was a snitch in life). Apparently cumin, a spice in Indian food, forces a deado to reveal itself. But as Nick starts to place the deado cuffs on Nawicki, he pulls off the refrigerator door and wields it as a weapon. Nick fastens the other cuff around his own wrist, so Nawicki pulls off his cuffed arm and grabs a container of milk from the fridge as he runs. He swallows the contents before jumping through the building window. Roy charges at Nick, pushing him through and falling after, and on top, of him. They land on top of Nawicki and corner him. When Nawicki mocks Nick over one of Roy's wise-cracks, Nick beats Nawicki silly with the arm he pulled off, causing Nawicki to regurgitate what he'd swallowed-- several chunks of gold looking just like the ones Nick and Bobby found during the Earthly drug bust. When Nick starts examining these chunks, Nawicki suddenly attacks him, and is erased by Roy. Nick is absorbed in the gold chunks as Roy yakety-yaks about Nick's 'grade' during the bust. Losing his patience, Nick grabs Roy and throws him in front of a bus, which runs him over. This can't harm Roy, like the jump out the window couldn't, but Roy's hat is blown off into the wind, which pisses him off royally. Back at HQ, they note that officers are mobilizing for a surge in deado presence in Boston. Nick, however, is still concerned about the gold, even as it's placed in a storage vault in evidence. Nick knows that Nawicki was trying very hard to protect and hide it, and he's sure that means something that should be followed up on. He's sure that a long-time RIPD veteran like Roy will have a deado informant that can help with the investigation. Roy's informant is named Elliot ( Mike O'Malley ), and he's a huge Red Sox fan who works in Fenway Park. Roy takes him there and busies himself trying on spare hats Elliot has while Nick questions him about the gold. Elliot seems more interested in mocking Nick and the RIPD in general, but gives in when Nick gets rough. Unfortunately, Elliot insists he really knows nothing about the gold, saying that deados are sentimental and that's why they tend to care about useless things, including what Elliot calls 'talismanic junk.' Nick tosses the chunk of gold to Elliot and tells him to keep his ears open. Nick knows, of course, that Elliot was still lying, and let him keep the gold for a reason. Sure enough, Elliot sneaks out of the stadium and waits with shifty eyes. Even Roy is impressed as he and Nick watch Bobby drive up, and Elliot gives him the gold. Roy and Nick follow Bobby, watching him drive... to Nick's house. Nick is sure, however, that Bobby isn't taking Julia for himself. Hiding, they eavesdrop as Bobby questions Julia about whether Nick seemed okay to her the day he died. Confiding in her that Nick claimed to have buried something, Bobby learns about the orange tree and digs up the gold Nick hid there, letting Julia think Nick stole it. Bobby promises that no heat will come down on Julia for this. Roy grills Nick about his apparently being a dirty cop. It escalates into Nick hitting Roy, but that stops when Bobby puts the gold in the trunk of his car and prepares to drive off. They follow him again and watch as he enters a commercial building and sits down on a public bench. As they wait, Roy schools Nick on more post-death recovery, pointing out that he's far from the only one who now has regrets (Nick knows Julia doesn't know what to think of him right now), and Roy, like Nick, can't resolve them himself, so they all have to learn to live with it. A dog starts barking, which alerts Roy. The dog is agitated at a stout man with dark shades, a tan suit, long sideburns, and a short goatee. Roy knows the man is a deado, and Nick is sure that Bobby is here to meet with him. Bobby hands a briefcase to the deado, which contains the gold. Roy and Nick follow him, grab him and push him through a kitchen into a freezer, grabbing some cumin powder from a shelf. The deado, Pulaski ( Devin Ratray ), sees Roy and Nick as Jerry Chen and the blonde bombshell, but knows they're RIPD. When Nick shakes some cumin into his hand, offering to 'pop' Pulaski and reveal him, Pulaski grabs Nick's hand and inhales the powder deeply. Roy and Nick watch as Pulaski is revealed as the hulking figure they chase in the beginning of the movie. As Pulaski lands on the building wall and mocks them, Roy attaches a harpoon extension to his soul eraser gun, but Pulaski still proves a tenacious target to take down, dragging Roy along on a zany chase scene across the city scape; a multi-vehicle smash-up resulting when a truck driver sees the blonde bombshell swinging from some cable through the air. Nick fires at Pulaski, who shields his head with the briefcase, leaping up onto a roof. When Roy is still holding on to the harpoon, Pulaski smashes through a window into a corporate board room and rips open the elevator doors. Nick and Roy converge there, Nick shooting the elevator cable so its counterweight yanks it upward. The elevator crashes through the roof of the office building and is wrecked atop it. Nick and Roy recover the gold, but Pulaski escapes, creating more mayhem as he goes. Back at HQ, Proctor, now furious, berates Roy and Nick for allowing a deado to be seen by the living, not to mention the amount of destruction to city property resulted by the bungled arrest. Proctor doesn't care about the gold, only about the failure to contain, that resulted in an exposed deado running loose in Boston in the middle of the day, which is now all over Boston TV. Proctor marches Roy and Nick into a room where a container drops down from a golden-colored chute pipe reaching as far, far up as they can see-- RIPD's "Eternal Affairs." Proctor takes the container and opens it. But as she reads the proclamation, she suddenly appears quite chaste. Although Eternal Affairs is pretty angry at Pulaski's revelation and escape, the proclamation says that the golden chunks recovered by Roy and Nick are components of an extremely dangerous artifact known as the Staff of Jericho. As Proctor explains, the cloud tunnel that Nick was rising through when he died, before he was pulled into Proctor's office, is a one-way tunnel to the afterlife. The Staff of Jericho can reverse the flow of deceased humans, bringing them all back down to Earth, eventually causing the Apocalypse. Aside from the golden components, the artifact requires 'the blood of thine enemy' (human blood) to power it up. Another container drops down from the chute. Proctor reads it and looks unhappy. Eternal Affairs is suspending Nick and Roy from the case, even though recovery of all the artifact components is now red alert priority for the whole RIPD worldwide. A hearing is scheduled for tomorrow, and the chances are high that Roy and Nick will both be erased. Sullen at this verdict, Nick walks away, saying he has somewhere more important to be. Nick goes to a track where he knows Julia still goes to run many evenings. Although he still appears as Jerry Chen to Julia, she recognizes this elderly man from the cemetery and stops, wanting to know why he's following her. Nick walks up to Julia and touches her chin with his forefinger and thumb in a way that makes her smile without realizing it. Snapping herself out of this trance, Julia tells Chen to stay away from her and resumes running. Roy is at the track, telling Nick that trying to say another goodbye to Julia isn't helping. Whether or not they get erased, Julia must live on as a widow, and find her own closure. Roy tells Nick he must do the same. This only makes Nick upset and an argument results in Nick insulting Roy pretty close to home. On a pier, Nick and Roy make peace, and Nick decides he's not taking this lying down; suspension or not, he intends to stop Bobby and the threatened apocalypse, which Roy admits paints him into a corner on whether to take part. Nick and Roy know that Bobby is more than a bagman in the whole deado operation to restore the artifact. He's a major operative, and most likely, a deado himself. What bugs Nick is that he was partners with Bobby for five years, and in all that time as a living Boston police officer, never noticed Bobby having any kind of 'soul stank' that deados exude. When Roy mentions he's heard of rare artifacts capable of masking it, and would be something that Bobby would carry on his person at all times, Nick figures out what Bobby meant when he said he wore his grandmother's St. Christopher medallion around his wrist 'for protection.' Bobby meets a man in a sports jersey in a coffee shop, handing him half of some kind of metallic sphere. They talk about how they've finally built the network to take down RIPD and restore the Staff of Jericho, something no deado has ever been able to do in the past 3,000 years. Bobby tells his cohort to 'find himself some trouble.' Come morning, Julia calls Bobby to tell him about the elderly Chinese man finding her at the track. She can't help but think that Nick is trying to reach out to her from the other side. Bobby tells Julia she probably shouldn't be alone, and he'll take her to lunch later on and they can talk. As Bobby hangs up, he sees a VCR repair shop car pull up in front of his house and watches it knowingly. He punches in a code to unlock and open one of two small, secure containers, one of which is already open. In the other container is another metallic hemisphere like the one he gave to the contact the previous night. He takes it out and puts it in his pocket. Nick and Roy walk toward Bobby's house and agree that Roy will take point at the front while Nick goes around the back. Roy knocks on the door, shows an ID and says he wants to ask a question about a tandoori clay oven. Bobby, of course, knows this sexy blonde lady is an RIPD officer, but plays it cool, inviting 'her' in and then offering a drink. Bobby goes into his kitchen, but stops as Nick darts out of hiding, holding a soul eraser rifle Bobby had hidden there. Bobby sees "Jerry Chen" and knows it's Nick. Roy enters and starts to read one of the cards, but Nick reminds him they can skip that part, and tells Bobby to take off his St. Christopher's medal. Bobby agreeably does so, and the house immediately falls apart from the soul stank. Roy finds and extracts a large cross-shaped piece of gold from the water heater. Nick and Roy put the soul cuffs on Bobby, put the gold in the trunk and drive off to take Bobby in to RIPD headquarters. During the drive, Bobby reveals that a time he was shot during a bust and got a medal after miraculously pulling through, actually killed him. He intends to stay on Earth because he doesn't accept someone or something else deciding what happens to him. But his comment about having 'taken a little on the side to pay for lap dances' arouses Roy's suspicion. RIPD officers at the Boston HQ are bringing in a gothic female deado, sitting her on a bench where several other deados await 'booking' and incarcerating to await final Judgement. Among them is the one in the sports jersey. All of the deados are 'popped' and looking non-human. As Roy and Nick book Bobby and take the metallic hemisphere, Roy raises his voice to his usual loud bluster as he reveals what made him suspicious about the 'lap dance' comment: He and Proctor were briefly lovers, and this might have had a hand in Roy being on the RIPD. Bobby is still cocky as Nick pushes him to the bench with the popped deados, and they all look at each other, a few nodding and watching. Roy brings the metallic hemisphere and the cross-shaped piece of gold to evidence for tagging and storing. One of the evidence clerks mentions that another similar metallic hemisphere was just tagged a few moments ago, and she puts the one brought in by Roy, with the other one that is still in a bin, awaiting storage. As the clerk tosses the hemisphere into the bin with the other hemisphere, the two pieces of metal, finally in close proximity, float a little into the air and begin to spin, moving toward each other to assemble into a complete sphere. Right on cue, Bobby 'casually remarks' to his fellow deados that one of the perks of being a deado is that they can't hear certain frequencies so well. Nick looks toward the evidence vault and sees the metallic sphere assembling itself. But just as he shouts a warning, the sphere gives off a huge sonic pulse that paralyzes all the RIPD staff. Bobby taunts Nick, saying he and the other deados let themselves be captured because they were planning a raid on RIPD HQ. The artifact they smuggled in freezes up RIPD officers but doesn't affect the deados. They storm the evidence vault and grab all the golden components that are in storage. By the time the freeze and stun starts to wear off enough for Roy to shoot the sonic pulse bomb and neutralize it, Bobby and the deados have escaped through the makeshift bathroom and storm out of the VCR repair shop back in Boston, living people scattering in terror. A female unpopped accomplice passes Bobby a cell phone, who tells Pulaski that the raid was a success. Pulaski shouts to a number of deados gathered atop the Boston Commonwealth building, all of whom are carrying more components for the Staff of Jericho. Hurriedly, they all begin putting them together like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle, assembling the ancient artifact. As they build, energy starts to rise from the spot into the sky, opening a hole in the overhead clouds. Nick, Roy and a number of other RIPD officers race in pursuit. Some of the deados are waiting there, exchanging soul eraser gunfire to slow the RIPD down. As several drive off in a sanitation truck, another jumps down from it, blasting automatic fire from a minigun like soul eraser weapon that wipes out a number of the RIPD officers. Nick and Roy duck back into the shop for cover as the deado's minigun jams. He ducks behind a car where the gothic female deado crouches, and works to fix the jam. Meanwhile, Roy is reloading his twin soul eraser revolvers. This 'Dodge City' like environment is just like his old home turf in the 19th Century as a Marshall in the Old West. He stomps back out into the street, ready for a quickdraw showdown. Just as the minigun wielder and the female deado jump out to resume fire, Roy draws both sixguns and blasts them down, erasing them. He and Nick pick off two other deados hiding in ambush, having figured out their hiding spots from Roy's knowledge of Old West fighting. A wind starts to pick up, and Nick and Roy watch various debris swept off by it. Whirling wind funnels start to form as the artifact nears completion. Meanwhile, two Boston police show up to bring Julia to her planned meeting with Bobby. Their tones of voice and facial expressions show they're unpopped deados in league with Bobby. As Bobby and several deados arrive at the Commonwealth building, Pulaski and a number of other deados prepare a barricade and lots of soul erasing firepower to guard all approaches. Roy and Nick see the largest wind funnel massing over the Commonwealth building and know that's where Bobby is heading. Several cars with deado drivers and passengers pursue them and try to stop them. Using some modern Boston police driving, Nick leads them through a wild chase among several collapsing buildings and garages, that drop parked automobiles that destroy the other deado cars. At the Commonwealth, Bobby tells the deados with him to bring the last components up top while he waits for 'the final piece.' Just then, the car carrying Julia arrives. Bobby takes out some cumin powder and inhales it, 'popping' himself and revealing his deado nature in front of Julia. He grabs her and takes her up to the roof of the Commonwealth. A news helicopter flies near the Commonwealth, trying to make sense of what they're reporting, when a small jeep collides with them, and is knocked back atop the Commonwealth roof. As Roy and Nick approach the barricade, Pulaski fires at them, using his deado agility and acrobatics to his advantage. Nick speeds up, scooping Pulaski atop the hood of the car, then driving it up so the barricade's construction launches the car, with Pulaski and several other deados still clinging to it, up over the barricade. It hits the street on the opposite side and races on, most of the other deados being thrown off, but Pulaski tenaciously clinging to the hood. Nick and Roy both shout the mantra 'relax body' as the car speeds up again, plowing into the side of a building. Pulaski is pinned atop the car hood, between its roof and the building wall-- and Roy and Nick with their guns pointed at him through the broken windshield. They both fire and Pulaski is finally erased. On the Commonwealth roof, the many-armed deado holds Julia fast while Bobby finishes assembling the Staff of Jericho; the cross-shaped piece of gold an apparent centerpiece/console. Bobby then tells Julia that one final piece is needed: the blood of a living human sacrifice, which Bobby intends for Julia to serve as. Nick and Roy bust onto the roof, weapons drawn. Bobby grabs Julia and holds her as a shield, and then takes a long metal rebar with a sharp point, and drives it through Julia's body, impaling her. As the free for all shoothout begins, and Roy's Old West sharpshooting blends with Nick's more modern markshmanship to eradicate the deados, Julia's blood is sucked from her wound into the artifact, a small globe of her blood congealing in an opening within it; powering it up to full. The afterlife tunnel is reversed; dead spirits beginning to free fall back down to Earth. It's time for the final showdown, and Nick and Roy are fighting mad. Reloading their weapons, they storm the roof, erasing all the defending deados. Roy reaches the staff and tries to pry out the cross-shaped centerpiece. As Nick reaches Bobby, the last deado standing, his weapon is empty. Bobby attacks him hand to hand, and is clobbering him as Roy struggles to pull the console centerpiece from the Staff of Jericho. Needing to improvise, he grabs a loose power cable and makes a lasso. Spotting the jeep lying atop the Commonwealth sign, he lassos the jeep and, pulling with all his might, finally dislodges it, bring it down atop the artifact, smashing it. Bobby turns around in disbelief as he sees the jeep crush the Staff of Jericho, breaking apart the components and halting the reverse flow of deceased spirits. When he turns to face Nick again, Nick has slipped one last bullet into his soul eraser and chambers the round; the barrel pointed at Bobby's face. Taking great satisfaction at the vengeance moment's poetic justice, Nick fires, erasing Bobby. Nick hurries to the stricken Julia, who lies dying on the Commonwealth roof. Julia looks around, time seeming paused as she sees Nick at her side, seeing him as he used to be while living. Nick knows this is because Julia has just died and is not rising up toward the afterlife tunnel only because seeing Nick anchors her near. Julia kisses Nick, happy to see her husband with her again, but this moment finally helps Nick to do what he has to do: accept his own death and let go, telling Julia she must live her life without him. Telling Julia he'll always love her, he finally says goodbye. Julia awakens abruptly in a hospital room, a doctor watching over her... or someone Julia merely sees as a doctor, but is actually Proctor. Seeing Julia awaken, the 'doctor' nods to her and heads out, where Nick and Roy are waiting. Proctor tells Nick that Julia will recover. As they leave the hospital building, Proctor tells Nick and Roy that Eternal Affairs conducted the disciplinary hearing without them, despite their having missed it only because they were saving the world. As a new recruit, Nick has been let off with a warning, but Roy has had his term of service extended by fifty-three more years. Annoyed, Roy calls Proctor by her first name, Mildred. Proctor reaches into a bag she's been holding and gives Roy back his hat, which she's managed to recover for him. This appeases Roy's anger promptly. Showing her lingering attraction to Roy, Proctor leans in and gently bites on his goatee before walking off. Roy remembers something he's gotten for Nick. He pulled some strings and gotten him some new ID's, so he will appear to the living as someone other than the elderly Jerry Chen. Nick is happy at this, until he sees the new ID's. Roy just shrugs and says that's all he was able to acquire. They enter their car and we see them in their 'avatar' forms-- Nick now appears to the living as an early adolescent girl scout ( Piper Mackenzie Harris ). 