nm0007664:

 The Boys (2019 )Summaries A group of vigilantes set out to take down corrupt superheroes who abuse their superpowers. The Boys is set in a universe in which superpowered people are recognized as heroes by the general public and owned by a powerful corporation, Vought International, which ensures that they are aggressively marketed and monetized. Outside of their heroic personas, most are arrogant and corrupt. The series primarily focuses on two groups: the titular Boys, vigilantes looking to keep the corrupted heroes under control, and the Seven, Vought International's premier superhero team. The Boys are led by Billy Butcher, who despises all superpowered people, and the Seven are led by the egotistical and unstable Homelander. As a conflict ensues between the two groups, the series also follows the new members of each team: Hugh "Hughie" Campbell of the Boys, who joins the vigilantes after his girlfriend is killed in a high-speed collision by the Seven's A-Train, and Annie January/Starlight of the Seven, a young and hopeful heroine forced to face the truth about the heroes she admires. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Return to Christmas Creek (2018 TV Movie)Summaries With Christmas approaching, a career-focused Chicago app developer returns to her small hometown to rediscover the meaning of Christmas. There she reunites with her estranged uncle and her childhood best friend, who she begins falling for. As Christmas approaches, Amelia Hughes, a career-focused Chicago app developer lacking in holiday spirit, returns to her small hometown of Christmas Creek to rediscover the meaning of Christmas. There, she reunites with her childhood best friend Mike and her estranged uncle Harry, whose mysterious rift with Amelia's father divided her family during the holiday season when she was a child. As she engages in local holiday festivities - and begins falling for Mike - Amelia finds herself feeling the Christmas spirit. Happy_Evil_Dude It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 What We Do in the Shadows (2016 )Summaries A look into the daily (or rather, nightly) lives of three vampires, who've lived together for over 100 years, on Staten Island. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Baroness Von Sketch Show (20162021)Summaries This show, a sketch comedy, has a decidedly female bent. It is written by a primarily female staff, and performed by an all female primary cast (with both female and male supporting players). They tackle a variety of subjects, most dealing with current cultural topics of everyday life, but from a female perspective. Unlike most sketch comedy shows of the day, the sketches in this show are rapid fire in that they are relatively short - none lasting more than approximately five minutes, with most being in the one to two minute range - and are filmed largely on location, rather than on a sound stage or in a studio in front a live audience. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 