nm0000111:

 The Producers (2005)321) After putting together another Broadway flop, down-on-his-luck producer Max Bialystock teams up with timid accountant Leo Bloom in a get-rich-quick scheme to put on the world's worst show. New York, 1959. Max Bialystock was once the king of Broadway, but now all his shows close on opening night. Things turn around when he's visited by the neurotic accountant Leo Bloom, who proposes a scheme tailor-made for producers who can only make flops: raise far more money than you need, then make sure the show is despised. No one will be interested in it, so you can pocket the surplus. To this end, they produce a musical called Springtime for Hitler written by escaped Nazi Franz Liebken. Then they get the insanely flamboyant Roger De Bris to direct. Finally, they hire as a lead actress the loopy Swedish bombshell Ulla (whose last name has over 15 syllables). As opening night draws near, what can go wrong? Well, there's no accounting for taste... rmlohner Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with the opening night (which is also the closing night) of washed-up producer Max Bialystock's ( Nathan Lane ) latest Broadway endeavor, Funny Boy: A Musical Version of Hamlet. The crowd leaves the theater exclaiming about how awful the show was ("Opening Night"). Later, Bialystock's new accountant, Leopold Bloom ( Matthew Broderick ), comes to check the books for Funny Boy. Leo's visit is interrupted when Hold-Me-Touch-Me ( Eileen Essell ), one of Max's elderly backers, stops by to drop off a "checkie" and play naughty games with Max. Leo confesses that he's always wanted to be a producer. However, he's extremely nervous -- he carries his blue baby blanket with him, rubs his face with it when he becomes anxious, and descends into full-blown hysterics when Max takes the blanket away. After calming down and looking at the show's books, Bloom gets an idea and muses that you could make more money with a flop than with a hit, though it would be illegal. Bialystock tries to convince the insecure Bloom to collaborate with him to put on the biggest flop in history, then take the money and go to Rio de Janeiro ("We Can Do It"), but Bloom refuses and goes back to his accounting firm. Leo finds himself unhappy with his job and fantasizes about being a Broadway producer ("I Wanna Be a Producer," a big production number with elaborate sets and chorus girls wearing costumes made of pearls -- a riff on the line "beautiful girls wearing nothing but pearls" from "We Can Do It"). He has an epiphany and quits, returning to Bialystock and agreeing to help him with his flop. They form a partnership, Bialystock & Bloom. Max and Leo search for the worst play ever written and settle on Springtime for Hitler, a "singing love-letter to Adolph Hitler" written by Neo-Nazi Franz Liebkind ( Will Ferrell ). The lederhosen-wearing Liebkind receives them on his roof, where he raises carrier pigeons. The partners ask him to sign over the rights to produce the show, but first they are coerced into wearing swastika armbands while singing and dancing to "the Fhrer's favorite tune" and taking the sacred Siegfried Oath ("Der Guten Tag Hop-Clop"). They swear, under penalty of death, to never never never dishonor the spirit or the memory of Adolph Elizabeth Hitler. They then meet the worst director in town, a flamboyant homosexual named Roger DeBris ( Gary Beach ), and his equally flamboyant assistant Carmen Ghia ( Roger Bart ). DeBris, claiming that he's going to a costume party, appears in an elaborate sequined evening gown in the style of the Chrysler Building. It takes some persuasion -- and Max and Leo have to meet DeBris' live-in production team, who resemble the Village People -- but at the mention of a Tony Award, DeBris agrees to direct ("Keep it Gay"). DeBris' middle name, as it turns out, is also Elizabeth. Max and Leo return to their office to find Swedish bombshell Ulla Inga Hansen-Bensen-Yanson-Tallen-Hallen-Svaden-Swanson ( Uma Thurman ) wanting an audition, though none are scheduled. Bialystock allows her to try out anyway ("When You Got it, Flaunt it"), and they hire her as their secretary and cast her. At one point as they're preparing to go out, Leo asks Max if he can wear one of Max's black hats. Max tells him it's a Broadway producer's hat, and Leo can't wear it until he has a show on Broadway. Next, they need to raise the money: two million dollars. Bialystock pimps himself out to every rich old lady he can get his hands on in exchange for the dough ("Along Came Bialy"). Max and Leo return to their office to find that Ulla has painted everything white, from the walls and the furniture to the knickknacks and the telephone. Max leaves and Leo laments the danger that a relationship will distract him from his work, but he allows himself to kiss Ulla anyway ("That Face"). After the kiss, he throws away his blue blanket. Auditions are run by DeBris and his assistant Ghia, with Liebkind, Bialystock, and Bloom observing. During the singing auditions for Hitler, Liebkind flips out over a performance and shows the auditioner how the song is supposed to be sung ("Haben Sie Gehrt Das Deutsche Band?"). Max hires Liebkind to play Hitler on the spot. On opening night ("Opening Night (Reprise)"), Leo turns up at the theater with the special Broadway producer's hat, but Max admonishes him not to wear it until the curtain has gone up and come down. Leo wishes everyone good luck, and the others (minus Bialystock) chastise him for breaking the ancient theater taboo while Bialystock invokes bad luck in every way he can think of, from breaking a mirror and walking under a ladder to throwing a black cat in front of people going backstage ("You Never Say Good Luck on Opening Night"). As Liebkind goes backstage there's a loud crash, and he exclaims that he's broken his leg. Desperate, they recast Roger DeBris as Hitler and file into the theater to watch Springtime for Hitler. The audience is horribly offended by the opening number and people begin to walk out. Then Roger DeBris enters as Hitler. After seeing the flamboyant Hitler playing the Nazis for laughs, the crowd views the show as a satire and loves it ("Springtime for Hitler"). Bialystock and Bloom return to the office, distraught at the success of their show. Bloom fishes his blue blanket out of the wastebasket, grabs the two sets of books (one labeled "Show to the IRS," the other "Never show to the IRS") and attempts to go turn himself in, but is stopped by Bialystock. As they tussle, DeBris and Ghia arrive to celebrate. Liebkind, wearing a cast and carrying a crutch and a gun, bursts in shooting and shouting that Bialystock and Bloom must die because they broke the Siegfried Oath. There is commotion, DeBris and Ghia hide in the closet, and Liebkind runs out of bullets. Just as Max thinks he's saved the day by convincing Liebkind that it was the actors who mocked Hitler and therefore Liebkind should go kill them all, the police show up. They arrest Liebkind, who promptly breaks his other leg while trying to escape. Then they find the duplicate sets of books and arrest Bialystock for tax fraud, as Bloom is nowhere in sight. After they all leave, Ulla comes in and finds Bloom hanging on the back of the door. She convinces him to take the money from the safe and run away with her to Rio. In jail, Bialystock gets a postcard from Bloom about how much fun he and Ulla are having in Rio. Bialystock laments his predicament ("Betrayed"). However, Leo and Ulla come to Max's aid in court because Leo realizes that Max, despite being sleazy and manipulative, has been a good friend to him ("'Til Him"). Ulla reveals that she's now Mrs. Bloom ("he wouldn't do it unless we got married!"). Bialystock and Bloom are each sentenced to five years in Sing Sing penitentiary -- the judge ( David Huddleston ) conveniently ignoring the fact that Bloom is not being tried for anything. ("It breaks my heart to break up such a beautiful friendship, so I won't.") They write and produce a musical in prison ("Prisoners of Love," with piano accompaniment by Liebkind), selling 700% of the ownership shares to the prisoners and prison staff. They're pardoned and released because they lifted the spirits of the other inmates. Bialystock and Bloom take Prisoners of Love to Broadway, where Ulla and chorus girls play the prisoners and Max and Leo's prison buddies sit in the audience in chains. Leo finally gets to wear the producer's hat, and the partners become successful producers ("Leo and Max") of such blockbusters as A Streetcar Named Murray, South Passaic, Maim, and Katz. 
 Election (1999)761) A high school teacher meets his match in an over-achieving student politician. The high school Class President election is approaching and it looks like Tracy Flick is going to win, unopposed. However, teacher Jim McAllister has other plans. He convinces jock Paul Metzler to run, sparking off an interesting chain of events. grantss Perky, overachieving high schooler Tracy Flick ( Reese Witherspoon ) gets on the nerves of social-studies teacher Jim McAllister ( Matthew Broderick ) to begin with, but after she launches her campaign for student-body president and his personal life starts to fall apart, things spiral out of control. In Alexander Payne 's satire Election, the teacher becomes unhealthily obsessed with cutting his student down to size, covertly backing a spoiler candidate to stop her from steamrolling to victory, and putting in motion a series of dirty tricks and reckless promises with uncanny real-world political parallels. Adapting a then-unpublished novel by Tom Perrotta , Payne grounds the absurdity of his central dynamic in the recognizable-the setting is his hometown of Omaha, Nebraska, and the accomplished cast is rounded out with nonprofessionals-and distills his closely observed take on deeply flawed humanity to its bitter but stealthily sympathetic essence. Tracy Flick is running unopposed for this year's high school student election. But school civics teacher Jim McAllister has a different plan. Partly to establish a more democratic election, and partly to satisfy some deep personal anger toward Tracy, Jim talks popular varsity football player Paul Metzler to run for president as well. Chaos ensues. R. P. Falvey <falvey@scf.usc.edu> Jim McAllister is a Social Studies teacher at Carver High. A student of his, Tracy Flick, tends to rub him the wrong way. Flick, a loner and ambitious girl, decides to run for class president. McAllister convinces football player Paul to run against her. His lesbian sister Tammy joins the election after her girlfriend starts going out with Paul. During the campaigns, Tracy plays dirty, plying students with muffins and gum. Tammy adopts an anarchist attitude that the student body responds to. Paul has few skills to offer the position. Meanwhile, McAllister's going through a bad time with his wife. Alejandro Frias Tracy Flick is the most driven student at Carver High, who just happens to be having an affair with one of her teachers. Another teacher--Mr. McAllister--is having an affair with his wife's best friend. Student Elections are under way, when Mr. McAllister persuades football jock Paul to run against Flick for his own pleasure. Flick, of course, is mortified that Paul is even trying to compete. Tammy, Paul's lesbian sister who got dumped by her girlfriend to go with Paul, decides that running against her brother is the best revenge. Who will win the election this year? Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jim McAllister (Matthew Broderick) is a much-admired high school history teacher living in the suburbs of Omaha, Nebraska, who is actively involved in many after-school activities, one of which is overseeing the student government election process. Tracy Flick (Reese Witherspoon) is an overachieving junior with an insufferable air of self-importance. She lives with her bitter and divorced mother who encourages her to "to whatever it takes" to succeed in life. Earlier in the year, another teacher, Jim's best friend Dave Novotny (Mark Harelik) was fired from his job and divorced by his wife, Linda (Delaney Driscoll) after it came out that he and Tracy were having a sexual affair, while Tracy's reputation was unscathed. Against this backdrop, Tracy announces that she is running for student council president. Initially she is unopposed, as she is widely seen as the natural candidate for the job. When Tracy presents Mr. McAllister with her list of nominating signatures to qualify for the election ballot, she makes a remark about "working closely" together... which he interprets as an indication she may later try to seduce him as she did with Dave. Perhaps annoyed by Tracy's presumptuousness, and/or concerned that he might give in to this seduction and share the same fate as his friend Dave, Mr. McAllister decides to persuade junior Paul Metzler (Chris Klein), a slow-witted, but affable and popular football player to enter the race. Paul is unable to play football as he is recovering from a ski injury that resulted in his left leg being broken, and Mr. McAllister suggests a new way to explore his talents through student council. Although Paul is ambivalent at first, he agrees to run, much to Tracy's consternation. Meanwhile, Paul's adopted younger sister Tammy (Jessica Campbell) is rejected by her romantic interest Lisa (Frankie Ingrassia), who dismisses their time together as "experimenting." Lisa then engages in a passionate relationship with Paul. In retaliation, Tammy decides to run for school president as well. During a school assembly to hear the candidate's speeches, after Tracy only draws polite applause and Paul is barely able to read his speech, Tammy announces that the office of school president is useless and promises nothing, except to try and dissolve student government. The speech rallies the students to a standing ovation, but her subversive diatribe results in her getting a suspension from school. While working on another project after school, Tracy has an uncharacteristic fit of rage and destroys all of Paul's campaign posters. She then drives to a local power plant to dispose of the shredded posters in a nearby dumpster. Unbeknownst to Tracy, her attempted cover-up is witnessed by Tammy who was meditating near her favorite spot, an electric substation. The next day, when Mr. McAllister confronts Tracy about the missing posters and lectures her that "all of our actions can carry serious consequences," Tracy adamantly claims innocence, despite his insistence that all evidence points to her as the chief suspect. At that moment, Tammy knocks on the door and tells Mr. MacAllister she knows who tore down the posters. Tracy is asked to wait outside the room while Tammy speaks to Mr. McAllister. Tracy experiences a moment of sheer panic when she peers in the window only to see Tammy revealing the shredded posters. What Tracy can't hear is that Tammy is falsely confessing to a skeptical Mr. McAllister that it is she, not Tracy, who perpetrated the poster sabotage. As a result, Tammy is disqualified from the election and expelled from school. Tracy is now off the hook. But this clearly does not sit well with Jim, who still suspects Tracy is the guilty party. Meanwhile, Tammy's punishment of being sent to an all-girls Catholic school secretly pleases her and is the reason she took the blame for the vandalism. The day before the election, Linda Novotny asks Jim to come over to help unclog her bathtub drain. After Jim completes the job, Linda unexpectedly initiates a sexual liaison with him and then suggests that he book a motel room for them to continue their dalliance later that day, a proposition Jim himself had half-jokingly made to Linda shortly after her breakup with Dave. However, Linda apparently has a change of heart and is nowhere to be found when Jim arrives at her house to pick her up for their tryst. Not knowing where Linda could be, Jim walks into her backyard where he has the misfortune of being stung by a bee on his right eyelid, causing a terribly painful and unsightly allergic reaction. He then drives back to the motel and desperately tries to reach Linda by phone, but to no avail. Jim eventually returns to his own house later that evening only to find Linda and his wife (Molly Hagan) huddled together crying in the living room. Realizing that Linda has disclosed the infidelity to his wife and that he is no longer welcome at home, Jim spends a miserable night sleeping in his car outside Linda's house. The next day election day Jim oversees the counting of the ballots, though by now his right eyelid is grotesquely swollen and almost completely shut as a result of the bee sting. Paul had voted for Tracy, feeling that it would be arrogant to vote for himself. But this turns out to be a costly decision. The ballots are meticulously counted by a duo of student auditors, who determine that Tracy has prevailed by a single vote. It is then up to Jim to perform a final ballot count to certify the outcome. When Jim happens to spot Tracy dancing excitedly in the hall, he deduces that she may have been tipped off about the vote count. Angered by Tracy's unseemly display of glee and her dirty-tricks campaign tactics, Jim decides to take matters into his own hands by surreptitiously disposing of two of Tracy's ballots and declaring Paul the official victor. This turnabout elicits incredulity and shock from the two student auditors, who are certain that their original vote count was accurate. Tracy is shocked and despondent upon hearing the unexpected news of her defeat. Jim goes to the same motel he intended to commit adultery in, only this time to actually use it for lodging. The next morning, Jim wakes up and is confident of patching things up with his wife now that the election is behind him. However, the school janitor, to whom Jim had been unknowingly rude earlier by creating unneeded extra work for him, discovers the two discarded ballots in the trash and presents them to the principal. When Jim is confronted with the evidence of his fraudulent intervention, he admits everything and resigns from his job. The rigged election becomes a nationwide email trope, and as a result Jim's wife fails to forgive him. Divorced, publicly humiliated and ostracized by everyone he knows for this one half-hearted attempt to thwart Tracy's evil schemes to win the election, Jim leaves Nebraska forever, choosing to fulfill his longtime dream of moving to New York City, where he becomes a tour guide at the American Museum of Natural History and begins a quiet relationship with a new woman. After serving her senior year as the new hard-line and strict dictator-like class president, Tracy graduates at the top of her class and gets accepted into Georgetown University in Washington D.C., with a full scholarship and a desire to go into politics as both her major and future career, but she soon finds the experience disappointing. Despite having gotten everything she ever wanted in life, Tracy still has no friends, no social life, and cannot fit in anywhere at the university as most outgoing students there have slid-on-by connections. Tracy comes to accept the fact that it is indeed lonely being at the top of everything. Despite losing the student body president election, Paul enjoys a mostly happy-go-lucky senior year highlighted by being elected homecoming king and prom king, though he ends up getting dumped by his girlfriend, Lisa. After graduation, Paul gets into the University of Nebraska with a scholarship of his own where he joins a popular fraternity, makes many new friends, and resumes his career at playing football for the university. The misanthropic Tammy becomes romantically involved with a fellow student at the all-girls Catholic school that her parents made her enroll, and later runs away with her for places unknown. Jim's friend, Dave, moves to Milwaukee, Wisconsin and takes a low-paying job stocking shelves at a local supermarket. As the film draws to a close, the film skips forward seven years after Jim's dismissal from Nebraska where Jim recalls a final encounter he had with Tracy. On one cold winter day, Jim is at a conference in Washington D.C. and while walking the streets, he sees Tracy from a distance as she enters a limousine outside a fancy hotel with a congressman (revealed to be Mike Geiger, a Republican representative from Nebraska) whom she appears to work for as a member of his congressional staff. Suddenly enraged at the thought of Tracy, yet again, lying, cheating, seducing and manipulating her way into political success for her own selfish reasons, Jim hurls a soda cup at the limousine, and then makes a quick getaway. The film ends with Jim safely back in New York City at his tour guide job posing questions to a group of young elementary school children who are visiting the museum, deliberately ignoring the raised hand of an overeager little blonde-haired girl who reminds him of the ruthless and insufferable overachiever Tracy Flick. 
 Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986)761) A high school wise guy is determined to have a day off from school, despite what the Principal thinks of that. High school student Ferris Bueller wants a day off from school and he's developed an incredibly sophisticated plan to pull it off. He talks his friend Cameron into taking his father's prized Ferrari and with his girlfriend Sloane head into Chicago for the day. While they are taking in what the city has to offer school principal Ed Rooney is convinced that Ferris is, not for the first time, playing hooky for the day and is hell bent to catch him out. Ferris has anticipated that, much to Rooney's chagrin. garykmcd One fake sick day sends high school senior Ferris Bueller, his girlfriend Sloane and his best friend Cameron on the adventure of their young lives, as they ditch school and take off on a raucous journey through Chicago as they stay one step ahead of their principal and Ferris's sister. A high school slacker pretends to be sick to skip school and have an exciting day off alongside his girlfriend and his best buddy through Chicago, while trying to outwit his obsessive school principal and his unconformited sister along the way. MadMovieManiac Ferris is a street-wise kid who knows all the tricks. Today he decides to take the day off school. When Ferris takes the day off, so must his best friends, Cameron and Sloane. Cameron is reluctantly persuaded to borrow his father's Ferrari, and together they hatch a plan to get Sloane out of class. Suspicious dean of students Ed Rooney knows all about Ferris, but can never catch him. Ferris' sister Jeanie is also frustrated that Ferris always gets away with his tricks and she doesn't. Furthermore, Ferris is an 'angel' in his parents eyes. It's Ferris' day off, he's out to enjoy himself, and he does!. Rob Hartill Ferris Bueller has played hooky numbers of times, and this time he's got the entire school and more believing he is on the verge of death. On this special day off, Ferris invites his friend Cameron Fry and girlfriend Sloane Peterson to his day of fun, while taking Cameron's father's precious Ferrari for transportation. All the while, the principal Ed Rooney is determined to prove Ferris is faking his illness and Ferris's agitated sister Jeanie also has a goal to catch Ferris off guard. Ferris enjoys his day with his friends, until the mileage of the Ferrari reads one too many miles driven and Cameron has a blow out. commanderblue Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. High school senior Ferris Bueller (Matthew Broderick) decides to skip school on a spring day by faking an illness to his parents (Lyman Ward and Cindy Pickett), then encourages his girlfriend, Sloane (Mia Sara), and his pessimistic best friend Cameron (Alan Ruck) to spend the day in Chicago as one of their last flings before they graduate and head off to different colleges. He sets up an elaborate ruse in his bedroom with a mannequin, a trophy and his stereo in case anyone decides to check on him. Ferris persuades Cameron to let them use his father's restored 1961 Ferrari 250 GT California to pick up Sloane (as part of their cover) to travel into the city. He also has Cameron impersonate Sloane's stuffy-toned father to have Sloane excused for the day due to a faked death in the family. The rest of the school and many residents learn of Ferris' exaggerated illness and offer donations to help "Save Ferris". However, only two people are not convinced by Ferris' deception: his sister, Jeanie (Jennifer Grey), outraged at Ferris' ability to defy authority easily, and the school principal, Edward Rooney (Jeffrey Jones), believing Ferris to be truant. Ferris and his friends arrive downtown and leave the Ferrari with two garage attendants (Richard Edson and Larry Jenkins), who drive off in it a short while later to take a joyride. Ferris, Sloane, and Cameron enjoy the sights, including taking in a game at Wrigley Field, visiting the Sears Tower, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and taking part in the Von Steuben Day Parade, with Ferris lip-syncing to "Danke Schoen" and the Beatles' version of "Twist and Shout." Ferris also uses his ploys to pretend he is Abe Froeman, the Sausage King of Chicago, to dine at an upscale restaurant on Rush Street (while narrowly avoiding his own father who is dining out with some business associates). Meanwhile, Mr. Rooney has gone off-campus to try to find Ferris, first at a local hangout, then to Ferris's home, where Mr. Rooney attempts to gain entry, but ends up getting stuck in the mud and losing his shoe and wallet while being chased by the dog. Jeanie comes home to look for Ferris, instead discover Mr. Rooney, whom she mistakes for a burglar, kicking him several times in the face and retreating. She calls the police, forcing Mr. Rooney to flee the scene. When the police show up, they haul Jeanie in for prank calling, and at the police station, she talks to a drug dealer (Charlie Sheen), who tells her that she needs to stop obsessing about her brother and focus about herself. Jeanie's mother shows up to collect her, upset at having to do so, and finds Jeanie making out with the boy. At the end of the day, Ferris and his friends retrieve the Ferrari, but discover on the way home that hundreds of miles have been added to the odometer, sending Cameron into a panic fearing his abusive father's reaction. After calming Cameron down, Ferris comes up with a plan to run the car in reverse, in place, with its rear wheels jacked up, at Cameron's father's hillside garage, hoping to reverse the odometer. When they realize this is not working, Cameron unleashes his pent-up anger against his father, yelling about how his father loves the car more than his own son and damaging the front of the car, but comes to realize he is long due to stand up to his father, and vows to accept the consequences. Cameron calms down and rests himself against the car, but his previous actions have unbalanced it from the jack it was on, the car hits the ground, races in reverse, and crashes through a glass wall, landing in a ravine. Despite Ferris's offer to take the blame, Cameron still plans to admit his actions to his father and take the consequences. Ferris walks Sloane home, then quickly races through the backyards of his neighborhood. While running across a street, he's nearly hit by a car: it is his sister and mother driving home. His mother doesn't spot him but Jeanie does and she floors the gas pedal, trying to beat him home. Ferris continues his race home. When he gets there, he finds Mr. Rooney waiting for him. However, Jeanie, apparently having come to appreciate her brother's craftiness, has beaten him home despite her mother's demands and getting a ticket for speeding. She pretends to scold Ferris for trying to walk home from the hospital while he is so ill, and thanks Mr. Rooney for driving him home, making sure to show Mr. Rooney the wallet he left behind when he broke in earlier. Rooney is once again chased by the dog. Ferris races to his room and makes it into bed just as his parents check on him. After they leave, he breaks the fourth wall and imparts some wisdom to his audience: "Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it." As the credits roll, Mr. Rooney in his disheveled state is forced to catch a ride back to school on a school bus as it drives students home. In the tag at the very end of the credits, Ferris emerges from the bathroom, pleading to the audience directly, "You're still here? It's over! Go home! Go!" before he turns around and reenters the bathroom. 
 WarGames (1983)541) A young man finds a back door into a military central computer in which reality is confused with game-playing, possibly starting World War III. A young computer whiz kid accidentally connects into a top secret super-computer which has complete control over the U.S. nuclear arsenal. It challenges him to a game between America and Russia, and he innocently starts the countdown to World War 3. Can he convince the computer he wanted to play a game and not the real thing ? Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com> The US Air Force has decided to change their missile strike planning and command procedure from a human directed one, where in simulations many officers were unwilling to "turn the key" upon order, to an intelligent computer process, which takes that fallible human factor out of the equation. This change has its supporters, such as NORAD chief engineer John McKittrick who suggested it, and its detractors, such as Air Force General Beringer. The system chosen is called the War Operation Plan Response, or WOPR for short, developed by brilliant but now deceased scientist Stephen Falken, who programmed the system to learn continually through game simulations. Meanwhile, David Lightman, an intelligent but academically unmotivated Seattle based high school student, is a computer whiz. In trying to hack into a video game software company, he unknowingly hacks into WOPR using one of the listed games, Falken's Maze, as the path to discovering the system's back door password, Joshua, the name of Stephen Falken's son who died at age five. David and his new friend, popular but equally unmotivated student Jennifer Mack, believe he's hacked into a games company and they start to play the most intriguing game listed, namely Global Thermonuclear War. David and Jennifer soon realize that what they are doing is not a game when news of simulated attacks on the US, exactly the type David and Jennifer plotted in the "game", hits the media. David believes he's in even more trouble when Joshua calls him back, still playing the game, with its ultimate goal of winning. WOPR or Joshua, in playing the game, is still simulating Soviet attacks on the US, which Beringer believes to be real and who orders appropriate responses against the Soviets. As the authorities close in on David, with people like McKittrick believing him to be a spy, David tries to enlist the help of the one person who knows Joshua's end goal and can probably stop Joshua from achieving that goal, while he needs to elude capture by the authorities. Huggo In Seattle, teenager David is a lazy but bright teenager that prefers to hack and change his grades in the high-school computer than study. One day, David's best friend Jennifer is with him and he decides to hack into toy company Protovision, seeking new games, and he accidentally connects the War Operation Plan Response system in a computer located at the North American Aerospace (NORAD) at Cheyenne Mountain in Colorado Springs, Colorado using the password Joshua that was the name of the son of its creator, the deceased scientist Stephen Falken. David challenges the computer to play a Thermo War game between USA and the Soviet Union. Soon he realizes that the computer is playing for real and the United States of America is changing its condition to DEFCON 1 in a game with no winners. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. David Lightman (Matthew Broderick) is an intelligent, underachieving teen who spends most of his free time playing arcade video games or messing around on his computer. During an automated modem search, he finds a strange computer that appears to be affiliated with a game company. A list of games appears, but Lightman doesn't have the password. After doing extensive research, he correctly guesses it. As would-be girlfriend Jennifer (Ally Sheedy) watches, he begins playing "Global Thermonuclear War" and targets his hometown (Seattle) and Las Vegas for Soviet strikes. Unknown to the teens, the computer behind "Global Thermonuclear War" is not a game software company -- it is the War Operations Plan Response (W.O.P.R.) -- a top-secret military system that helps the Air Force decide what to do in the event of a Soviet attack. On their situation screens deep below Cheyenne Mountain, Colorado, the military actually thinks a first-strike is occurring. Top programmer Dr. McKittrick (Dabney Coleman) figures out what has happened, but it seemed all too real for a few minutes. The government soon finds out who broke into their system, and Lightman is arrested and taken to Cheyenne Mountain for debriefing. It is assumed that he is affiliated with the Soviet KGB! He realizes that the W.O.P.R. is still "playing" Global Thermonuclear War, and needs to be stopped. The computer is feeding false data to the Americans, trying to get them to "move." General Beringer (Barry Corbin), a hawkish sort, is putting US forces on increasingly higher levels of Alert (known as Defense Conditions, or DefCon). When the computer convinces him that full-scale Russian attack is inbound, the General will order a counterattack. Lightman cleverly escapes from Cheyenne Mountain, seeking Dr. Stephen Falken (John Wood), the original programmer of W.O.P.R. Dr. Falken grew increasingly concerned about the program, took an assumed name and retired to Oregon. Jennifer helps Lightman to find the Doctor, and they manage to convince the cynical programmer to stop World War Three. At the last minute, while W.O.P.R. is busy feeding "game" data of inbound Soviet nuclear missiles to General Beringer's staff, Lightman and Falken arrive. They convince the General to wait and see if actual nuclear hits take place (which of course doesn't happen). The computer then tries to "guess" the encrypted launch code that will allow it to launch the US missiles and "win." Lightman and Falken try playing Tic-Tac-Toe against the super-computer, which ultimately teaches it the concept of futility. Just before launching the US missiles, W.O.P.R. quickly runs all the possible nuclear scenarios looking for a situation where it can truly triumph. It ultimately decides that Global Thermonuclear War is futile: there is no winner. Better to play a nice game of Chess. ================================ In a remote part of a desert, two Air Force members, one an office, the other enlisted, arrive at a seemingly abandoned house. They go through a strict security check and walk into a nuclear missile command room, bidding the previously stationed men a good night. The two begin their shift with a few checks of the equipment. After a few moments of conversation they receive a "flash traffic" message ordering them to confirm launch codes for the missiles. The codes are confirmed at the men insert the keys that will launch the missiles. The commanding officer, Jerry, demands that his subordinate, Steve, try to get Strategic Command on the phone. Steve argues that calling someone isn't the correct procedure but Jerry insists. When Steve is unable to reach anyone, Jerry continues the procedure for launch. However, when the moment arrives to turn both keys to "Launch" Jerry takes his hand off the key. Steven threatens him with a pistol... The scene suddenly cuts short and the opening titles of the film begin. Two United States government officials are arriving at NORAD (North American Aerospace Defense Command) in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado. The two men meet with the commanding general, Beringer, and the chief computer systems programmer, John McKittrick, about the two Air Force men who failed to launch their missiles. Unbeknownst to Jerry and Steve, their launch mode order was a simulation designed to test the psychological resolve of both men to launch their missiles when ordered to. After a brief discussion about the mental limits of committing such an order, with Beringer defending the tradition of having actual human beings in the command bunkers, McKittrick recommends that they "take the men out of the loop" and put computer software in the bunkers, with command of that software resting at NORAD. McKittrick also shows the officials the WOPR (War Operations Programmed Response) computer, a supercomputer system that takes all incoming data from the NORAD war room and analyzes it, creating endless scenarios of nuclear war. If McKittrick's idea is accepting and implemented by Washington, then WOPR would provide instructions as to how the United States will respond in a nuclear attack. The government men decide to pass McKittrick's idea on to authorities in DC and to the president. In Seattle, Washington, in a video arcade, a high school student, David, is playing a game called Galaga when he looks at his watch and realizes he's late for school. He passes the game on to a younger friend of his and rushes to school, late for his biology class. After a few moments sitting and reviewing a test that he'd failed, David insults his belligerent teacher and is sent to the school's disciplinary officer. While he waits in the outer office, he slyly checks a hidden list of passwords. After school, David is picked up by his biology classmate, Jennifer, who'd inadvertently helped him acquire the password -- David regularly gets in trouble with the express purpose of stealing the password, which is changed every few weeks. She takes him to his house and he shows her his room where he's set up an elaborate personal computer system. David is a computer hacker and he quickly logs in to the school's system using the password he'd stolen. He accesses his own grades and jovially changes his biology grade from an F to a passing grade. Jennifer is stunned by his actions and becomes agitated when David pulls up her grades. He changes her biology grade as well but she insists he change it back, which he does. After she leaves, he changes her grade to an A. In the bunker that Jerry and Steve worked in, their personal command equipment is removed and replaced with a remote device that will do their jobs for them. Jerry looks crestfallen. While dining with his indifferent parents, David finds an advertisement for a software company called Protovision, which plans to release new video games. David calls Information and gets the number for Protovision, as well as the the other prefixes for the area of Sunnyvale, California. He has his computer begin dialing all the numbers in the area, not only looking for the software company but other businesses that could be useful in his hacking. Later, at the video arcade, Jennifer finds David and asks if he could change her grade again. David suggests that the password might have been changed again but Jennifer insists. When they go back to David's room, David shows Jennifer that he's programmed his computer to dial every number in the Sunnyvale area, mining them for other businesses. He also tells Jennifer that he changed her biology grade already. When David checks the numbers he's mined, he finds one that will not allow him to log on. He asks it to "list games" & a list appears showing some standard games like Chess, Backgammon and Tic-Tac-Toe and "Falken's Maze". However, the last two games on the list are named "Theater-wide Biotoxic and Chemical Warfare" and "Global Thermonuclear War." David takes the list to a computer technician who tells him that though David can't get in the system through normal channels so he should look for a "back door", a password left by the original programmer that may give him access. David begins to research the name "Falken" and discovers that it's the name of a computer programmer and artificial intelligence expert from the 1960s named Steven Falken. Falken himself had a son named Joshua who died in a car accident with his mother. Falken's health deteriorated and he himself died several years before. When Jennifer visits David again, David suddenly realizes that Falken's password is his son's name. He types in the password and is granted access to the system where he poses as Falken and asks the computer if they can play Global Thermonuclear War. David chooses the side of the Soviet Union and orders both Las Vegas and Seattle to be primary targets for nuclear strikes. At NORAD, the attack suddenly appears on the screens of their command center. The simulated warheads have already gone over the North Pole, causing a brief panic -- the staff of the command center wonder how their early warning system failed to detect the actual launch. Beringer orders a change in DEFCON (DEFense CONdition) to a status level of three. Back at his room, David and Jennifer are delighted at the complexity of the "game" when David's father yells for David to clean up some garbage the family dog had spilled. David abruptly turns his computer system off and the simulation disappears from NORAD's screens. A technician rushes in yelling that the scenario isn't real. He goes on to explain that someone from the outside has hacked into the system and ordered a simulation. Though they can't pinpoint David's precise location, they determine he's in Seattle. David returns home one night to see a news report about the alert he inadvertently triggered. David quickly becomes anxious and disappears to his room. Jennifer calls saying she'd seen the news report too. David panics, worrying that government officials will find him. Jennifer tells him not to call the phone number again. While he destroys all the printouts of his research on Falken, the phone rings; the WOPR computer, AKA, Joshua, has called him. David tries to tell it that he's not Falken and that Falken is dead. Joshua doesn't accept the truth and tells David that the game program is still running; in a matter of hours Joshua will be able to launch a full-scale nuclear attack. David hangs up the phone but receives another call with the same computer tone; he unplugs his phone. Some time later David is leaving a 7-11 store when he's suddenly surrounded by FBI agents and forced into a waiting van. He's taken to NORAD and held in custody while McKittrick & Beringer meet with the FBI. They discuss how David was able to hack into the WOPR; somehow the phone lines in Sunnyvale had gotten crossed. They also assume David had either been working with another operative and was recruited by the Soviet government to be a spy. McKittrick requests that he be allowed to talk to David himself. David is temporarily released and shown around NORAD by McKittrick - David is slightly awed when he actually sees the WOPR, realizing that it's Joshua. In McKittrick's office, David is grilled for a bit - McKittrick wants to know how David could bypass his security. McKittrick receives a phone call and has to leave his office immediately. David uses McKittrick's office computer to talk to Joshua and finds out that Falken may still be alive, getting an alias and an address in Goose Island, Oregon. Moments later, he's seized by the guards, ranting to McKittrick about Joshua and Falken. He's returned to his "cell" a small, locked room in the facility's infirmary. David searches the drawers and finds some surgical instruments and a mini-tape recorder. He tricks the guard into opening the door and makes a recording of the code, opening the door himself. He rigs the door to lock permanently and escapes the infirmary through an air duct. David joins a tour group in the facility and escapes NORAD. David hitches a ride with a truck driver who drops him off near Grand Junction, Colorado. He jimmies a pay phone and calls information, asking about Falken's address in Oregon. There is no phone listing for Falken, or his alias. David next calls Jennifer in Seattle, who tells him that his parents are freaked out at their son being arrested and that he should come home immediately. David tells her he can't & asks her for money to buy a plane ticket to Goose Island. When he lands, he's surprised by Jennifer, who drove down to meet him. The two catch the ferry over to the island; on board David explains that Joshua is still playing the "game" and plans to launch US missiles in a 1st strike attack against the Soviets. Jennifer says she believes him & the two of them kiss on the way to the island. While walking around the island looking for Falken, they are nearly hit by a remote-controlled model pterodactyl. The artificial bird's owner is a friendly gentleman who turns out to be Falken himself, who tells them they're trespassing and begins to leave. When David mentions Joshua, Falken relents and invites them to his house. While showing them a film depicting extinct prehistoric creatures, he tells the teenagers that the threat of nuclear war is too great to stop and that humans are meant to become extinct, much like the dinosaurs, therefore he's not interested in stopping Joshua from completing it's mission. Falken also asks Jennifer if she ever played Tic-Tac-Toe. Jennifer says she did but doesn't anymore because it always ends in a tie. Falken reinforces his logic, saying the game is pointless. David and Jennifer argue that life is worth living and that Falken would try to stop the coming holocaust if his son were still alive. Falken doesn't have an answer & tells the two that they've missed the last ferry to the mainland. He invites them to stay but they refuse. While walking around the island again, they look for a boat. Jennifer suggests they swim to the mainland but David tells her he never learned to swim. Saddened by his failure with Falken, David becomes depressed and Jennifer comforts him. Suddenly a helicopter appears and chases them for a few minutes before Falken reveals himself as the pilot. He has them board the helicopter and they take off. At NORAD, a staff member in the war room is alerted to a missile launch from a Soviet submarine. Beringer assumes it to be a preemptive strike by the Soviets and orders the mountain facility to be sealed and orders DEFCON to be set at one. David, Jennifer and Falken arrive at the mountain just before the thick pressure door is closed and sealed. In the war room, Falken meets McKittrick and tells him the situation is a bluff engineered by Joshua. He suggests to Beringer that the Soviet Union would never attack unprovoked with all the weapons shown on the screens. He also suggests that they "ride out" the attack and let the 1st strike happen. Beringer communicates with officers from three military bases that will be hit first. He tells them to ride out the attack. When impact finally occurs, the officers report that they are very much alive. The war room celebrates and Beringer happily orders his bomber planes and missiles back to "stand down" status. Falken discovers a strange code running on one of the screens that shows 10 random numbers and letters cycling endlessly. He tells David and Jennifer that the digits are codes to launch the missiles and that Joshua is rapidly deciphering them. Falken and McKittrick try their own passwords but all access to the system is locked out. Furthermore, simply depowering the system is out of the question: WOPR would interpret that as the destruction of the NORAD base and initiating a fail-deadly function that would have the US military's total nuclear arsenal to launch at once in retaliation. Jennifer scolds David for playing the game and David has a revelation: Joshua must be taught that certain games are unwinnable. He uses a terminal & commands Joshua to play Tic-Tac-Toe which gives him access to Joshua. David plays Joshua, resulting in a few tie games. He has Joshua play itself, resulting in hundreds of tie games until the screens change and show several hundred scenarios of 1st strikes by and on various nations, each with no winner listed. Suddenly the screens go blank and Joshua's electronic voice pops up, greeting Falken himself. Joshua says calls the game "strange" and says "the only winning move is not to play." Joshua has learned that there can be no winners in nuclear war. Joshua asks if anyone wants to play chess. McKittrick, Falken, David, and Jennifer join the celebration in the war room as a much relieved General orders NORAD to return to DefCon 5. 