nm0000405:

 Kalifornia (1993)321) A journalist duo go on a tour of serial killer murder sites with two companions, unaware that one of them is a serial killer himself. Brian Kessler, a journalist researching serial killers, and his photographer girlfriend Carrie set out on a cross-country tour of the sites of the killings. Sharing the ride and their expenses are Early Grayce, a paroled white trash criminal, and his girlfriend Adele. As the trip progresses, Early begins to appear more and more unstable, and Brian and Carrie begin to fear that they may have a real-life killer in the back seat of their car. Scott Renshaw <as.idc@forsythe.stanford.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Brian Kessler (David Duchovny) is a graduate student in psychology and a journalist, who has written an article about serial killers, which draws interest from a Publisher that offers him a book deal. After the book deal advance is spent, Brian realizes that he needs to start working on finishing his book. His photographer girlfriend Carrie Laughlin (Michelle Forbes) persuades him to move to California, they decide to drive from Pittsburgh to California and visit infamous murder sites along the way. Short on funds, Brian posts a ride-share ad. Meanwhile, sociopathic parolee Early Grayce (Brad Pitt) has just lost his job. His parole officer (Judson Vaughn) learns of this and comes to the trailer park where Early lives with his young girlfriend Adele Corners (Juliette Lewis). Early refuses the officer's offer of a job as a college janitor, saying he wants to leave the state. The officer informs him that, if he does not keep the appointment, he will be returned to prison. Early decides to go to the job interview; and, when he is on his way out, he is confronted by the landlord over non-payment of rent. Early grows violent and spins out in his car, chasing the man all over the park. Early spies the ride-share ad at the college and calls Brian, who agrees to meet him the following day. Early sends Adele ahead and, as revealed later, murders the landlord before joining Adele to wait for Brian and Carrie. Carrie's first response to seeing the rough-hewn couple is to suggest Brian turn the car around and leave, but Brian asks her to give the plan a chance, and she reluctantly agrees. On the road, unknown to his companions, Early murders a man in a gas station bathroom and steals his money. When they arrive at the first hotel, he cuts Adele's hair to match Carrie's. At another hotel, Early invites Brian out to play pool, leaving Adele and Carrie alone together. Adele reveals to Carrie that she is a rape victim and that she views Early as her protector, even though her mother did not approve because Early had just been released from prison. Carrie is alarmed by Brian's growing fascination with Early and nonchalant response to the news that Early has been in prison. She gives him an ultimatum; either they rid themselves of Early and Adele, or she will leave. At the next gas station, Carrie glimpses a newscast with footage of Early and the announcement he is a suspected murderer. Early kills the gas station attendant and continues the trip with the couple as hostages. They encounter two police officers, whom Early shoots. Early orders Brian to finish off one of the wounded officers, but Brian refuses. They next come to the home of an elderly couple. Early beats the man to death, but Adele allows the woman to flee. As Early rushes to find the woman, Adele confronts him and says she wants nothing more to do with him. Early fatally shoots Adele, strikes Brian on the head, and kidnaps Carrie. Brian regains consciousness, and the elderly woman gives him the keys to her truck. Brian arrives at an abandoned nuclear testing site and surprises Early, hitting him in the head with a shovel. Brian finds Carrie bloodied and handcuffed to a bed, having been sexually assaulted. Early, who was only stunned, attacks Brian and they struggle until Early is hit over the head by Carrie. When Early continues the attack, Brian shoots him in the abdomen. Early is not mortally wounded, Brian realizes this and shoots him again, killing him. The film ends with Brian and Carrie in a California beach house. Carrie, who now sports long hair (eschewing the short style that Early had Adele emulate during the trip), tells Brian that a gallery is interested in her art, and he suggests they go out to celebrate. He leaves his tape player on; and Adele's voice is heard, talking about how good Carrie and Brian were to her and Early, and how much their friendship means to her. 
 True Blood (20082014)44) Telepathic waitress Sookie Stackhouse encounters a strange new supernatural world when she meets the mysterious Bill Compton, a southern Louisiana gentleman and vampire. Set in modern times, vampires roam the Earth and are humans' mortal enemies. However, a substitute has been found for human blood, a substitute that vampires can consume with the same effect as human blood. This is True Blood. Now humans and vampires can co-exist in harmony, and even form relationships. But there will always be rogue elements on both sides ready to exploit the uneasy truce. grantss Vampires have been around for centuries, but they have only recently "come out of the coffin" and entered mainstream life. Sookie Stackhouse, a telepathic waitress in a small Louisiana town, finds her world turned upside down upon meeting her first vampire, Bill, and falling in love with him. The series follows Sookie through many adventures with humans, vampires, and, eventually, other supernatural beings. She discovers that the world and the people in it are not always as they seem. The series follows Sookie Stackhouse (Anna Paquin), a barmaid living in Louisiana who can read people's minds, and how her life is turned upside down when the vampire Bill Compton (Stephen Moyer), walks into her place of employment two years after vampires "came out of the coffin" on national television. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 (2015)651) Katniss and a team of rebels from District 13 prepare for the final battle that will decide the fate of Panem. After young Katniss Everdeen agrees to be the symbol of rebellion, the Mockingjay, she tries to return Peeta to his normal state, tries to get to the Capitol, and tries to deal with the battles coming her way...but all for her main goal: assassinating President Snow and returning peace to the Districts of Panem. As her squad starts to get smaller and smaller, will she make it to the Capitol? Will she get revenge on Snow or will her target change? Will she be with her "Star-Crossed Lover," Peeta, or her long-time friend, Gale? Deaths, bombs, bow and arrows, a love triangle, hope... What will happen? baileyyybroooks After Katniss Everdeen, the girl on fire, accepted the role of the Mockingjay, the symbol of rebellion against the autocratic Capitol, she and the rebels of District 13 poise an all-out war against them; however, this time Katniss has a personal agenda: assassinating President Snow herself to gain revenge not only for Panem's sake but for her own as well. After accepting her role as the Mockingjay, Katniss Everdeen, along with her team, prepares to take their fight straight to the ruthless Capitol. While her mission is to bring President Snow down once and for all, Katniss finds that her squad dies at the hands of either Mutts, Peacekeepers or both. Once in the Capitol, Katniss discovers that there is another threat rising that could decide not only her fate but the future of all Panem. Blazer346 For all past deaths made as entertainment, and for the insidious modification of Peeta, Katriss deems to strike out on her own to take down President Snow once and for all, but being the Mockingjay, the living symbol of the rebellion now headed by Alma Coin, has its drawbacks. Recognition, for one, and she finds herself saddled with a team of expert warriors (which surprisingly includes the ailing Peeta) aimed to penetrate the Capitol that has barricaded itself behind Hunger-Game-style death traps. As she closes in on carrying out her private agenda through more deaths and mayhem, President Snow himself makes her aware of another threat to peace for Panem equal to himself, leaving her to consider how to truly end the bloodshed. statmanjeff Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, Katniss Everdeen ( Jennifer Lawrence ) is getting vocal therapy after being nearly choked to death by Peeta Mellark ( Josh Hutcherson ) in the previous film . Once she can properly speak, she sees her younger sister Primrose "Prim" Everdeen ( Willow Shields ) entering Peeta's cell. The programming inflicted on Peeta in the Capitol eventually makes him freak out. He thinks that Katniss is a dangerous Capitol-created mutation, and tells Prim to kill Katniss. Katniss goes to District Two with her military escort to film more propaganda videos for the rebel cause. Gale Hawthorne ( Liam Hemsworth ) accompanies her. He admits that he has seen Peeta, and realized that if he stays this way, Katniss will always chose him over Gale out of pity. On the way, she kisses Gale, but he calls it "the kiss of a drunk person." She jokes that with Peeta safely in Thirteen, he doesn't have to be jealous anymore. Katniss overhears Gale and Beetee ( Jeffrey Wright ) discussing a dubious trick they mean to employ. It involves setting off a bomb that will kill many people and force the survivors to flee, and then deploying a second bomb in their direction to maximize the number of victims. Once in District Two, Commander Paylor ( Patina Miller ) mentions that the Rebellion failed to capture the arsenal from the Nut, a huge mountain containing Capitol infantry. Gale suggests that they use the special bombs that he and Beetee designed to blow up the Nut and take it over from the inside. Katniss protests, saying that there are a lot of civilians in there, but the rest are convinced that those people made their choice by collaborating with the enemy. When the hovercrafts go, Katniss says that it's horrible as lives will be lost. Gale tells Katniss that this is war. Katniss is rushed off to shoot a propaganda speech, and then the captured refugees arrive by train. The rebel troops treat the refugees with suspicion, ordering them to drop their weapons and shooting some who don't comply. Katniss stops her speech and screams at everyone to stop.... and then a refugee holds her hostage. He tells Katniss, "Give me a reason why I shouldn't shoot." Katniss replies that she can't, but that the Capitol has been setting the Districts against each other, providing them with plenty of reasons to kill each other. She's so tired that dying would be a relief. The refugee lets her go and Katniss begins an anti-President Snow speech, only to be shot. Chaos ensues. In the Capitol, President Snow ( Donald Sutherland ) celebrates with his delegates with a toast at his dinner table, but they all drink without stating what it is they're drinking to. Snow asks one of his ministers, Antonius ( Robert Knepper ), what they are celebrating. He replies that it's Katniss's death. Snow replies that if Katniss were really dead, the resistance would have made a martyr out of her already. Antonius then says that they toast since Katniss has failed. Snow disagrees and tells him that they are celebrating the ending of an era. Antonius drops dead, having been poisoned. Katniss wakes up from her injuries to find a bald, morphine-crazed Johanna Mason ( Jena Malone ) in her room. Johanna is mad at Katniss and blames her for everything, although she admits her anger is partially jealousy, since Katniss was always intended to be irreplaceable for the uprising. She pulls out Katniss's morphine drip and attaches it to her own arm. Katniss manages to ease Johanna's sarcasm by admitting that Johanna would have made a better Mockingjay. Next, Katniss visits Peeta, who's still locked in a cell and strapped to his bed. Peeta is no longer enraged but still blames Katniss for everything, going so far as to say if he'd never given her the overdone bread from his parents' bakery, they would never have ended up in that state. Katniss is visibly upset and goes on to a conference with President Coin ( Julianne Moore ) and Plutarch Heavensbee ( Philip Seymour Hoffman ). Katniss wants to go to the Capitol and fight, but Coin, saying she's in no shape to fight and too valuable to lose, orders her to stay and shoot more propaganda films. Plutarch offers no objections, so Katniss agrees. Katniss then attends the wedding of Finnick Odair ( Sam Claflin ) and Annie Cresta ( Stef Dawson ). At the reception, everyone is happy and dancing except Katniss. Johanna finds her brooding and when Katniss says she wants to kill Snow, Johanna offers to cover for her and suggests a plan: sneak on board a medical supply hovercraft headed for the Capitol. Katniss goes off to dance with her sister Prim, hugging her before following Johanna's plan. When the hovercraft drops Katniss with the medical supplies outside the Capitol, Katniss tries to be unobtrusive but is recognized by almost everyone she encounters. She finds Gale and people crowd around, curious about why she's there. Commander Paylor makes a speech. The Capitol is surrounded by rebels and its citizens are abandoning the streets. The Peacekeepers have placed deadly "pods" all over the Capitol. The pods are traps armed with deadly weapons, similar to traps used in the games created by the Capitol. Being unable to control her, President Coin has integrated Katniss into Squad 451, whose job it is to shoot propaganda videos while locating and destroying the pods. They are ordered to remain behind the front lines to stay as safe as possible, while boosting morale with their propaganda videos. The squad is commanded by Boggs ( Mahershala Ali ) and includes Katniss, Gale, Finnick, filmmaker Cressida ( Natalie Dormer ), Homes ( Omid Abtahi ), Lt. Jackson ( Michelle Forbes ), Mitchell ( Joe Chrest ), Messalla ( Evan Ross ), the twins Leeg 1 and 2 ( Misty Ormiston and Kim Ormiston ) and Castor ( Wes Chatham ) and Pollux ( Elden Henson ), an avox (mute). They are each given a Nightlock pill, which causes instant death if they need to commit suicide to stay out of the Capitol's hands. Boggs has been issued a holo, a device that displays a holographic map and helps detect pods; however, the information on the pods is based on intelligence from spies, and may be outdated. The holo can also act as a bomb if the word "Nightlock" is repeated three times (important later). The squad assembles and finds the first pod. Katniss fires an arrow toward it, which triggers a giant explosion. The squad decides to camp out in an abandoned restaurant for the night, when Peeta is unexpectedly dropped off by a military escort. Katniss is on edge, but the soldiers delivering him explain that President Coin wants Peeta in the videos as well, to show him actively fighting the Capitol alongside Katniss. Boggs takes Katniss aside and tells her about Coin. He says Coin wanted Peeta saved and not her; now that victory is at hand, Katniss may be a liability for Coin, who wants to be the next President of Panem. Though Katniss has no political aspirations, her allegiance to any candidate carries considerable weight. Because Coin can't be sure Katniss will endorse her, she prefers to be rid of Katniss now. She may have added Peeta to the team in the hope that he would kill her in a fit of rage and fear. Boggs tells Katniss to watch out. Night falls and Peeta can't sleep. He and Katniss talk, and they play a game to help Peeta figure out what is real and what parts of his memories are planted by Capitol programming. As day comes, Finnick helps Peeta as they explore the city, entering an oval courtyard surrounded by abandoned apartment buildings. They're getting ready to shoot a propo. A pod of machine guns appears, but everyone dodges the hail of bullets. As they walk forward, Boggs is suddenly shot in his chest and Leeg 1 takes a bullet in the leg. Boggs, with his dying breath, gives Katniss full security access to the holo. He also tells her not to trust them, and to kill Peeta if necessary. Leeg 2 accidentally activates a trigger hidden under the pavement, releasing a torrent of black ooze which floods towards the team and quickly submerges the courtyard. While escaping, Peeta becomes frightened; his Capitol programming is activated and he tries to kill Katniss with a bow. Mitchell intervenes and in the process, Peeta shoves him in the ooze which causes him to fly up and get impaled by spikes. The surviving members of Squad 451 run inside a building. Jackson, as Boggs' second in command, demands the holo from Katniss. Katniss says that Boggs transferred the voice-activated holo to her (which is true) and that she is on a personal mission to kill Snow, on orders of President Coin (which isn't). Cressida backs up Katniss' story, saying that Plutarch wants the assassination of Snow to be televised, hoping that it will quickly end the war. Jackson doesn't believe it and commands Katniss to transfer the holo to her (Jackson). Katniss shows her it's programmed for her, but Jackson still has doubts. A Mexican standoff occurs, but eventually Jackson backs down and allows Katniss to keep the holo as long as she obeys orders. Leeg 2 decides to stay behind with her injured twin; Jackson promises to send help as soon as they can. Peacekeeper soldiers arrive as soon as the rest of the squad exits the building and they take refuge in a vacant apartment across the courtyard. They watch in horror as the Peacekeepers blow up the building they just left, killing the Leeg twins. Peeta feels extremely guilty over snapping and killing Mitchell and nearly killing Katniss. Suddenly, a broadcast pops up. Caesar Flickerman ( Stanley Tucci ) announces the death of Katniss and her squad as the building blowing up is televised. Snow pops out and says that he's happy to see Katniss dead and that the rebellion is over. Then Coin hijacks the broadcast, defending the Mockingjay (Katniss) and asserting that she is still the face of the revolution, even in death. The squad heads for the president's mansion, but the holo shows multiple traps on the street. Pollux signs to Castor that they can go down into the sanitation system instead, a place where he did slave labor and is reluctant to go back to, but they have no choice. Underground, they hide from the peacekeepers but are seen on the security camera. President Snow, whose nose is bleeding, then sees the security camera footage and is surprised. In the sewage system, after narrowly avoiding a steam pipe burst, the team decides to sleep. Katniss indulges Peeta in more games of 'Real or Not Real' and then Peeta reveals that the Capitol used wasp Tracker Jacker venom in his programming. Katniss promises to keep them alive. Katniss then hears something and the group investigates. Something has been sent after them. After some intense searching (almost like a horror movie), suddenly dozens of hideous, lizard-human hybrid creatures which are called "mutts" (short for mutants?) appears from all directions and attack. Jackson is quickly overwhelmed and is either torn apart and/or bitten to death by the weird creatures. The remaining group fights them off and tries to escape. Castor is trampled and killed by the creatures. Cressida and Messalla are separated from the rest of the group as more creatures converge on them. The squad is corralled into a junction area space with a ladder leading up to the ceiling. Here, Katniss is nearly killed by one creature but she and Peeta fight them off (she with her bow and explosive-tipped arrows, and he with his assault rifle) as they stand back to back fighting. Cressida and Messalla reappear where they assist the group and order them to escape up the ladder. Cressida takes on and guns down several of the creatures herself, showing more of her fearless combat skills. Finnick uses his trident to fight off the creatures while the remaining members of the squad escape up the ladder. Unfortunately, this turns out to be his sacrifice; as he tries to ascend the ladder, the creatures overwhelm him. Not wanting Finnick to die in vain, Katniss says "Nightlock" three times and throws the holo into the melee of mutts and a screaming Finnick. The holo explodes, killing the creatures and ending Finnick's suffering. In an underground space that looks like a subway station, the surviving members of the squad run across a floor, fired upon by Peacekeepers. As the floor begins to collapse, lethal beams in the light fixtures kill those who pass under them. Messalla runs into a beam and disintegrates into black ash while Peeta panics, thinking he's about to activate again. Katniss stops and kisses him, which fixes him right up. They get out to the surface and Cressida takes them to a fashion shop owned by Tigris ( Eugenie Bondurant ), who sports elaborate tiger-stripe tattoos and has apparently had some surgery to make her mouth and nose look more feline. She hides the five surviving members of the squad in a secret basement under her shop. Katniss eventually recognizes Tigris as one of the stylists who worked with contestants at the games. Tigris indicates that her tiger makeover was forced on her by President Snow "because I wasn't pretty enough any more." While hiding underground, Pollux weeps over the loss of his brother Castor, while Cressida tends to Gale's wounds, sustained while fighting the mutts. A distraught Katniss says that her mission was fake and that she feels responsible for all those deaths. Cressida tells her that they all knew she wasn't on a mission ordered by Coin. But everyone, even Jackson, decided it was worth the risks. Peeta mentions his Capitol programming and tells Katniss to end all of it. He tells her that if Snow dies, all of the deaths will be for something. He tells Katniss to handcuff him again to be safe from him.(Peeta has been handcuffed most of the time he's been with Katniss's squad.) While Katniss tries to sleep, Gale and Peeta reconcile. Gale tells Peeta that she loves Peeta, not him ("she never kissed me like that"). An emergency broadcast pops up with President Snow ordering Capitol residents to take shelter in the presidential mansion -- the Rebellion has arrived. As the pods near the mansion will presumably be deactivated, Katniss decides to walk with the refugees and take down Snow once and for all. Gale decides to go with her; Katniss uncuffs Peeta. While Cressida and Pollux will have to stay behind since their rugged appearances are too noticeable -- and someone needs to watch Peeta -- Katniss and Gale, wearing coats with hoods that partially obscure their faces, march towards Snow's mansion with the other refugees. Katniss is almost recognized by a little girl who is carried by her mother. When they see Peacekeeper soldiers checking everyone's faces, they try to go back, but are forced to follow the crowd when the Peacekeepers start closing in from behind as well. Just as a Peacekeeper is about to expose Katniss, a nearby tank explodes -- the Rebellion soldiers have arrived in the Capitol. Katniss sees the little girl weeping over her dead mother. Gale is captured by the Peacekeepers and dragged away. He screams at her to shoot him with her bow, but she doesn't. Katniss runs to the front of Snow's mansion, where she sees parents passing their crying children from hand to hand through the crowd to get them through the mansion's gate -- children were the first priority in the evacuation. Then suddenly, a plane carrying the Capitol logo drops dozens of small, odd silvery pods on little parachutes. The crowd watches them fall; some people even reach out for them. The pods explode, killing many in the crowd, both adults and children. Katniss sees Prim, now a combat medic, trying to tend to the children. She screams a warning at Prim, only for another batch of bombs to drop and explode, killing Prim and knocking Katniss unconscious. A wounded and burned Katniss wakes up inside Snow's mansion while her mother ( Paula Malcomson ) tends Katniss's wounds. Haymitch ( Woody Harrelson ) informs her that the rebellion was successful, and that Coin is now leading them. From the moment that the Capitol bombs fell on the citizens, the Peacekeepers immediately turned against the Capitol, and the palace was taken within a short time. From her mother's wordless tears, Katniss learns that Prim died. When she's in shape again, Katniss explores the mansion and eventually goes to the garden, where Snow is held under guard in the conservatory. Though no one is allowed access, Commander Paylor grants her an audience with him. Snow is his cheery old self, as always, not seeming to mind his defeat. He tells Katniss that he was not responsible for the parachute bombs; he may not be above killing children, but he does not approve of waste either. He reveals that the bombs were part of Coin's secret plan to discredit him, and they worked -- even his guards turned against him for killing the children. He coughs up some more blood and wipes it away with his handkerchief. Katniss says in disgust, "I don't believe you." Snow answers, "Oh, my dear Miss Everdeen, I thought we had agreed not to lie to each other." Katniss is awaiting an audience with Coin. She meets first with Gale. Katniss indirectly blames him for Prim's death, as the circumstances of her death closely resemble the 'bomb trap' she heard him discuss earlier. He admits that he honestly doesn't know whose bombs killed Prim, though he apologizes for not protecting her. Katniss bitterly says "Goodbye, Gale." A meeting takes place with Coin and the surviving victors. Coin has appointed herself interim President of Panem and says she'll call elections when the time is right, but the people are currently in no state to vote yet. Snow is to be executed, but Coin fears that this will not satisfy the need for vengeance among the citizens of Panem. She has an idea: she wants to have another Hunger Games, but with Capitol children. She asks the victors to vote on it. Peeta, Annie, and Beetee are strongly against the idea, but Johanna and two other victors are in favor. It's all up to Katniss and Haymitch. After demanding that she be allowed to execute Snow, which Coin agrees to, Katniss says 'yes' for Prim, although she becomes aware of Coin's motive. Haymitch, after looking at Katniss as though she's lost her mind, nonetheless says "I'm with the Mockingjay," meaning the vote goes in Coin's favor, 4 to 3. Effie Trinket ( Elizabeth Banks ) dresses up Katniss for the execution, and Katniss pockets a Nightlock pill. Katniss marches alone into the arena, the large parade ground where the tributes used to be showcased, and where Snow is bound to a pole. President Coin (who is conveniently standing on a stage just beyond Snow) makes a speech before saying to Katniss, "May your aim be as true as your heart is pure." Katniss aims her arrow at Snow, who appears unfazed. Thinking of her last conversation with Snow and the meeting with Coin before the execution, Katniss realizes that Snow was telling the truth about Coin: she ordered the bombing of Capitol refugees that caused Prim's death. So rather than shooting Snow, Katniss turns her arrow and shoots Coin, killing her. The crowd is shocked as Coin tumbles to the ground, dead, while President Snow almost chokes from laughter. As the livid crowd charges towards the laughing Snow, Katniss tries to commit suicide by taking the pill, only for Peeta to smack it out of her hand. Katniss is dragged off and taken into custody as the crowd reaches Snow and they brutally beat him to death. Katniss is placed in a vacant, guarded room where Haymitch soon arrives and reads a letter written to her by Plutarch. Plutarch says that he regrets not meeting face to face, but in the light of what happened, it is better if he is not seen with her. He expresses his approval of what Katniss did. Nevertheless, she will be exiled for some time to her old District Twelve. He says the leaders of the districts are choosing an interim leader to replace Coin. It will probably be Commander Paylor, who will eventually pardon her for killing Coin. Plutarch says at the end: "We may mess up, but perhaps we may learn from our mistakes this time." Katniss is sent back by train to her home in the Victors Village in District Twelve, accompanied by Haymitch. After saying goodbye to Effie, Haymitch tells Effie not to be a stranger and kisses her. Back in Twelve, when Katniss enters her home, she sees Prim's cat Buttercup in the kitchen. She has an emotional meltdown over Prim, shouting at the cat that Prim is gone and never coming back. Then she hugs the cat and cries. She slowly builds herself up again by hunting. One day she finds Peeta planting primroses in her garden -- the flower her sister was named for. They hug and then after a montage of them living together, Peeta asks Katniss: "You love me. Real or not real?" Katniss answers: "Real." Several years later, Katniss and Peeta are married and have two children. Peeta is playing with the older child while Katniss peacefully holds the sleeping baby in the same field that opened the first Hunger Games film . The baby wakes up and fusses a little and Katniss asks, "did you have a nightmare?" She says someday she'll tell her children her story, and that nightmares are like a game played over and over again, and can feel tedious at times... "but there are worse games to play." 
 Escape from L.A. (1996)761) Snake Plissken is once again called in by the United States government to recover a potential doomsday device from Los Angeles, now an autonomous island where undesirables are deported. The year is 2013 and Snake Plissken is back but this time it's L.A., which through the agency of earthquakes has become an island of the damned. But something has gone wrong in this new moral order, because the President's daughter has absconded to L.A. with a detonation device, and Snake is commandeered to retrieve it. But just below the surface there is a coiled Snake ready to strike. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} In the year 2013, the city of Los Angeles has been separated from the country by a series of earthquakes, and like its neighbor New York, has transformed from a wonderful city to a corrupted prison. Plus, The United States has become a more moral society. Cuervo, a Cuban terrorist has used the president's daughter, Utopia to steal a device that controls a special orbiting EMP weapon system. The President has called upon the untrustworthy mercenary Snake Plissken. To ensure his cooperation, they have implanted a virus bomb inside his body, and it will inject the virus into his body in 9 hours, so Snake must stop Cuervo, rescue Utopia and get back the Weapon's device. John Wiggins The year is 2013 and Snake Plissken is back from Escape From New York. An earthquake has separated Los Angeles from the mainland. In the New Moral America, all citizens not conforming to the new laws (no smoking, no red meat, no Muslims in South Dakota) are deported to L.A., now a penal colony. The President's daughter has stolen a doomsday device and has fled to L.A. It's up to Snake Plissken to find the President's daughter and retrieve the doomsday device before its too late. Anonymous The year is 2013. Like New York, Los Angeles has been turned into a prison island for the United State's most undesirable criminals, like New York, Los Angeles is surrounded by a wall so no convict can escape from L.A and once deported to L.A. you can never return to the American mainland which has become a moral society. 16-years after he escaped from New York, One-Eyed former soldier Snake Plissken now the United State's most wanted outlaw is once again given another job for his freedom by the new President and L.A's security commander Malloy. Snake is sent into L.A. to recover a doomsday device that shuts all power sources on Earth from brutal terrorist Curevo Jones and the President's runaway daughter Utopia who has been brainwashed by Curveo into stealing the doomsday device, and the President personally wants Snake to eliminate Utopia for betraying her country. Like New York, Snake is injected with a engineered virus which will kill him in 9 hours if Snake fails the mission, if Snake succeeds in completing the mission, he will be given the antidote. Entering L.A, now inhabited by criminals, runaway teenagers, prostitutes and brutal gangs. Snake sets out to recover the doomsday device and kill Utopia, as Curevo and his army of terrorists prepares to invade the United States and can Snake escape from L.A. before the virus kills him in 9 hours? Daniel Williamson Sequel to "Escape From New York". In 2000, a huge earthquake hits Los Angeles which causes the whole city to be now situated on an island. In that year the new life-term US President, an out-spoken moralist declares that all people not conforming to the high morals he sets for the country will be deported to the Los Angeles island. Like New York, a wall is built, guards posted to stop any escapes and if sent there - you can't return to the US. In 2013, Cuervo Jones, a terrorist invades the dreams of the President's daughter, Utopia, and brainwashes her into stealing a device from a weapons establishment and runs with Cuervo to the island. Snake Plissken, hero of Escape From New York, is forced again to go to the island to get the device by the President (who doesn't care if Utopia returns or not.) and he is poisoned to ensure his co-operation. Like New York, Los Angeles is now a decaying city, a hot-bed of scum and weirdos and Snake has 9 hours to find the device and Utopia, and get out before the poison kicks in. Lee Horton <Leeh@tcp.co.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On August 23, 2000, an earthquake reaching 9.6 magnitude hits the city of Los Angeles, causing it to be separated from the continental mainland by flooding the San Fernando Valley (now called the "San Fernando Sea") and turning it into an island from Malibu to Anaheim. Just prior to this, an American presidential candidate (an obscure reference to Jerry Falwell; played by Cliff Robertson), who is also an out-spoken, Christian theocracist, had made a doomsday prediction of the disaster during his campaign, saying L.A. was a "city of sin", and that; "Like the mighty hand of God, waters will rise up and separate this sinful, sinful city, from our country." In the chaos that followed, the candidate is elected as the new President and a new constitutional amendment appoints him for life in office. This President declares that all people not conforming to the new "Moral America" laws he sets for the country (banning such things as smoking, alcoholic beverages, red meat, owning firearms, profanity, non-Christian religions (including atheism), and non-marital sex) will lose their citizenship and be deported to Los Angeles Island. Like New York City in Escape from New York, Los Angeles is turned into a penal colony of sorts. A containment wall is built around the shores of the mainland, armed guards and watchtowers are posted everywhere and those sent to the island are exiled permanently. In 2013, Cuervo Jones (Georges Corraface), a Che Guevara-like Shining Path Peruvian Revolutionary, seduces the President's daughter, Utopia (A.J. Langer), via a holographic internet system and brainwashes her into stealing her father's remote control to the "Sword of Damocles" super weapon a series of high-tech satellites capable of destroying electronics anywhere on the planet using a focused electromagnetic pulse. The President had threatened to use the system to render enemies of America "unable to function", and eventually dominate the world. Utopia gets away in an escape pod from Air Force Three and lands on L.A. Island to be with Cuervo. With the satellites under his control, Cuervo promises to take back America with the assistance of an allied invasion force of Latin American nations that are standing by for his signal to attack. Cuervo threatens that if the President tries to stop him, he'll "pull the plug" on the country and demonstrates his power by blacking out the capital (which has been moved to the President's hometown of Lynchburg, Virginia, also the real-life hometown of Jerry Falwell). Cuervo also knows the secret "world code", (which is 666), that can activate all the satellites and knock out power for the entire planet. Meanwhile, Snake Plissken (Kurt Russell), is captured for another series of crimes. The Duty Sergeant (Peter Jason) welcomes Snake to the deportation area, but he instead escorts Snake and leaves him in a vacant room. A minute later, the President, the police base camp commander Malloy (Stacey Keech Jr.) and his aide Brazen (Michelle Forbes) arrive and offer him a deal: Snake will go to the island as an exile to retrieve the remote device. The President says he will give Snake a full pardon for all the crimes he has ever committed if he is successful. The President indicates he doesn't care if Utopia is returned or not, saying she is a traitor and "dead to me". Initially, Snake refuses to get involved, but to ensure his compliance, Malloy tells Snake that he was secretly infected minutes earlier with the man-made Plutoxin 7 virus which will kill him in 10 hours. If he completes the mission, Snake will be given the antidote. Snake is given a sub-machine gun, a personal holographic projector, a thermal-camouflage overcoat, and a countdown clock for how long he has to live. The virus works fast, and Snake is given a device to records the minutes counting down from 10 hours to find the device and get out before he dies. Like New York, Los Angeles is now in ruins, and a hot-bed of crime. Snake sneaks into the city with a nuclear-powered mini submarine which he soon loses when the unsturdy platform it landed on crumbles, causing the sub to sink into the ocean. Making his way across the island, Snake meets an array of characters. One of them is 'Map to the Stars' Eddie (Steve Buscemi), a swindler who makes a living selling interactive tours of L.A.. Next, Snake runs into, a knife-wielding skinhead (Robert Carradine) who uses corpses for target practice. Snake also passes by Pipeline (Peter Fonda), a hippie surfer who surfs the frequent tidal waves that frequent the coastline. Snake then meets a young woman (Valeria Golino) whom directs him to the location of Cuervo Jones camp, but they both get captured by a group of mutant people and held in the former Beverly Hills hospital where they are threatened by the insane and deformed "Surgeon General of Beverly Hills" (Bruce Campbell). Snake uses a knockout dart hidden in his clothing to subdue the Surgeon General and forces his people to release him and the young woman. Snake and the woman escape to a nearby junkyard where after, she reveals her romantic feelings for Snake, she is killed in the cross fire of a gangland shooting. Snake has a run-in with 'Map to the Stars' Eddie again who tries to lead him to Cuervo's camp, only to betray him and Snake is captured. An increasingly sick Snake is brought to the former L.A. arena where he is forced to play basketball by trying to get five two-point basket shots within 10 seconds of each other. Snake manages to defeat the basket shots and earns praise and recogniton from the crowd (similar to in New York when he defeated a rival in a boxing ring). Snake escapes from the arena during another aftershock earthquake and gets away with a little help from Pipeline who shows him how to surf the tsunami waves that wash over the area. Snake hides out on board the former Queen Mary cruise ship located in former Long Beach where he meets local gang leader Hershe Las Palmas (Pam Grier) whom was formerly Bill 'Carjack' Malone, a transsexual and former accomplice of Snake from Cleveland, Ohio, who after hearing about his mission to find the black box remote control device, tells him the Plutoxin virus is a propagandized lie and won't kill him. She agrees to help Snake attack Cuervo Jones main camp to get the remote control device and escape from the island. Snake and Hershe's men commandeer hand gliders and fly to Cuervo's staging area. Snake and Hershe's men land at the former amusement park, Happy Kingdom by the Sea, and in a climatic gun battle, defeats Cuervo by gunning down most of his men and claiming the remote control device. Eddie appears again and offers his help to Snake, despite being a double agent playing both sides. Snake commandeers a police helicopter that lands and grabs Utopia with him as they, along with Eddie, Hersche and her few surviving men, board the helicopter to fly away. But then Cuervo fires a rocket at the helicopter, damaging it and killing Hershe and her men. Eddie manages to shoot and kill Cuervo, but he falls out of the helicopter. Eddie lands on the ground unharmed, but is now facing several of Cuervo's armed and angry men. Snake manages to fly the damaged chopper to the mainland where he and Utopia abandon the helicopter before it crashes. Just then, Commander Malloy, Brazen, and the President appear with a platoon of soldiers. Snake then hands off the wrong remote to the President (similar to what Snake did to Hauk in 'New York') while Utopia is taken to the electric chair for execution, despite her pleas for forgiveness. Snake is relieved, but only more angry then ever when the timer for his life runs out and he learns that the Plutoxin 7 virus was indeed to be nothing more than a fast, hard hitting case of the flu virus, not in the least bit lethal to Snake. Thinking he has control of the satellites, the President tries to use it to stop a Cuban invasion force threatening Florida. Activating the remote, the President hears only Eddie's "Map to the Stars" intro over 'I Love L.A.' instead. In anger, the President orders Snake to be executed, but Snake had activated his hologram projector and the Snake that gets shot is an illusion. Snake activates the device, entering the world code (666), against pleas to stop. All over the world, the satellites activate their EMP weapons at the world, thus shutting down every electrical device, and turning the world back into the Dark Ages. At the deportation center, Utopia praises Snake for "turning off the world", and saving her. The illusory Snake disappears, since he has "turned off the Earth". In the final shot, Snake is a few hundred yards away from the President and his soldiers, who are now looking for him, where he finds a pack of cigarettes on the ground and lights one up. The cigarette box is labeled "American Spirit." As Snake walks off into the woods as dawn is starting to break, he then says to himself: "Welcome to the human race." 