nm0003784:

 In a Madman's World (2017)Summaries Directly based upon the infamous Houston Mass Murders, the film centers around Elmer Wayne Henley's life before, during, and immediately after his involvement with Dean Corll and David Brooks, and their killing spree of over 28 victims from 1970 to 1973. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lars the Emo Kid (2015)Summaries Lars Hyde is depressed. He's lost his best friend, he's being bullied at school, his parents are divorcing... He is ready to give up. It takes a group of misfits to show him what real friendship is. Follow Lars as he tries to find his place in this dark, funny and ultimately uplifting teen coming of age tale. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Conjoined (2013)Summaries When a lonely man finds out the love of his life has a conjoined twin, who happens to be a serial killer, he must take drastic measures to keep his love life intact while keeping himself out of big trouble. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Laughing Boy (2000)Summaries Is having fun and saying what you really think politically incorrect? Or is it impossible to do both? Cody McKenzie thinks nobody has parties anymore. Maybe they do, but he just isn't invited to any. However, tonight, Cody and his wife Judy are going to a very special party. Elizabeth Sheridan, star of Cody's fantasies, is giving it for the engagement of his best friend. Elizabeth also happens to be a very important player where Cody works. Judy sees the party as a chance for Cody to advance; he sees it as a chance to impress the woman of his dreams. The fact that he bungles it horribly is perfectly natural. He couldn't do it any other way. The guests are all impossibly proper - preppies, yuppies, culturally elite - which are simply trendy labels for snobbish bores. His reputation precedes him, and once Cody arrives, he trips all over it. The harder he tries to be one of them, the more he fails. From his first bizarre comment to his outrageous exit, Cody alienates almost every guest, disrupts the party and turns it into chaos. ...and there's a love story in here somewhere as well. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 