nm0002365:

 Dahmer (2002)Summaries Biopic about notorious American serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer , taking place in both the past and the present. Before his arrest and conviction for serial murders, chocolate factory worker Jeffrey Dahmer hunts Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for young attractive males to turn into unconscious (eventually dead) human sex toys, current acts which often prompt memories of earlier killings and of dealings with his suspicious but unaware father. statmanjeff It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Head Thieves (2018)Summaries Three brothers develop an elaborate plan to recover stolen cash and go on the run. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 3's a Couple (2014)321) Jimmy and Steven are best friends. They are complete opposites. They share everything, a house, bills, friends, and eventually... A girlfriend. Steven has been dating Michelle for two years, but when he breaks her heart, Jimmy is there for a shoulder to cry on. Or get drunk with. Too drunk. Jimmy and Michelle get caught in the throws of passion by Steven. Neither man willing to give her up, Michelle comes up with a plan to date both guys. She moves in with them and the relationship begins. Can it work? Anonymous There are rules for a love triangle.Over explain or under explain and keep it moving...and misunderstand " people"-more than they misunderstand. Confusion and double takes causes more confusion and double takes - and overstated thus good old-fashioned fun. Jimmy Page Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Our Story takes place in the Big City....the Big City, where we used to take the train , have adventures, see the ball game, go to the theatre, eat fine food, shopping at the downtown international goods, art, to pots and pans ,home decor to one of a kind objects...you can shop for your very reason to be.Play Boy ex- jock, dazzling Smile Steamy Charming Heart -Throb:jimmy & Steven, mild mannered Super Scrub... are friends. And being very good friends were sharing a place together.Jimmy & Steven & Michelle are friends. Steven and Michelle-Hot Dumb -Oversexded Dumb Blonde- were dating until Michelle broke Stevens heart. Jimmy being a good friend was there for Michelle . Now Jimmy and Michelle are dating and Jimmy & Steven & Michelle are living together and Steven needs a shoulder to cry on...it never gets less confusing or less fun- and it's "them" and not we y' all.. (intro).as free love ensnares enslaves and stowes away us all 
 Naked Brown Men (2003)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 