nm0005280:

 Tarzan (1999)431) A man raised by gorillas must decide where he really belongs when he discovers he is a human. The movie is about the life of Tarzan. Tarzan was a small orphan who was raised by an ape named Kala since he was a child. He believed that this was his family, but on an expedition Jane Porter is rescued by Tarzan. He then finds out that he's human. Now Tarzan must make the decision as to which family he should belong to... Extron Having survived the brutal attack of Sabor, the hungry leopardess, an orphaned English infant shipwrecked off the coast of Africa is rescued and adopted by the compassionate, childless female gorilla, Kala. As she takes the baby back to the safety of her virgin mountain hideaway, inhabited by a close-knit community of gorillas, the boy grows into Tarzan: an intelligent member of the simian family. Then, suddenly, the beautiful and independent Englishwoman Jane Porter, her intellectual father, Professor Archimedes Q., and their duplicitous guide, Clayton, arrive in the isolated green realm bringing change. As Tarzan discovers his true identity and begins to harbour deeper feelings for Jane, will he be able to protect his beloved apes and choose between his home in the jungle and a new life in England? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lightning flashes as a young woman and her infant son are lowered from a burning ship in a small rowboat. Her husband barely manages to escape the flaming ruins of the sinking vessel and reunites with her in the rowboat. As the storm continues, they turn warily towards the dark shadow of land on the horizon. On the mainland, in the jungles of Africa, a family of gorillas is settling down for the night. Young mother Kala ( Glenn Close ) and her mate Kerchak ( Lance Henriksen ), the leader of the clan, rest with their baby. The human family makes it to shore by morning and scope out their surroundings before deciding to build a new life for themselves. They construct a tree house using material from the wreckage while Kerchak and Kala play happily with their baby. Everything seems right until one night, while Kala and Kerchak are sleeping, their baby strays from the nest, chasing a butterfly. The leopard, Sabor, on its nightly prowl, comes upon the baby gorilla which cries out before being swept away. Kala and Kerchak run to the rescue, but arrive too late. Kala, grief-stricken, stays at the rear of the clan as they move to new nesting grounds the next morning. Suddenly, she hears a crying sound and runs through the jungle towards the source. She soon comes upon the tree house the human family had built and cautiously enters the dwelling. The place is in shambles; wind blows through a broken window and a spent shotgun lies on the floor. Kala notices shapes in the corner of the room and sees the outlines of two bodies against the wall. Bloody paw prints are scratched into the floor. Startled, she backs up onto a picture frame showing the faces of the family, including the baby. The cry starts up again and Kala finds the human baby still lying in his crib. They investigate each other for a moment and Kala is overcome with maternal instinct, deciding to adopt the baby. Before she can leave, Sabor, who had been hiding in the rafters, attacks. Kala manages to escape by jumping into the rowboat hanging outside the tree house, leaving Sabor tangled in the mess of ropes. Kala returns to the gorilla clan and shows her new baby to the other females, who react with confusion. Kerchak is not keen on the idea of Kala keeping a baby that is not of their kind and demands that she take it back. On Kala's fierce insistence, however, he allows her to keep the baby as long as it was alone but refuses to acknowledge it as his son. A young gorilla named Terk ( Rosie O'Donnell ) takes a liking to the baby, though she doesn't quite agree with his new name, Tarzan. Tarzan ( Alex D. Linz ) grows into a strong young boy with a penchant for mimicking animal noises, though he has a hard time keeping up with the moving clan. His best friend Terk looks out for him and always makes sure that he stays away from the disapproving eyes of Kerchak, but her friends label Tarzan a 'hairless wonder' and refuse to play with him. Determined to prove himself, Tarzan follows Terk and her friends to a cliff side where, in an attempt to intimidate him back to the clan, Terk instructs him to retrieve an elephant hair as a way of impressing her friends. However, Tarzan takes this ruse seriously and leaps off the cliff, belly-flopping into the water below. He quickly learns to swim and heads towards a herd of bathing elephants. A young and germophobic elephant named Tantor (voiced as adult by Wayne Knight ) mistakes Tarzan for a piranha, despite there being no piranhas in Africa. Tarzan manages to grab onto one of the elephants tails but incites panic on the whole herd who form a stampede and run ashore. Terk's friends are chased back towards the clan and, while no one is hurt in the stampede, Kerchak is forced to rescue a baby gorilla before its trampled. An unconscious Tarzan is pulled ashore by Terk. Tantor, still believing that Tarzan is a piranha, pulls Terk away until Tarzan comes to, revealing a single elephant hair in his hand. Kerchak and the other gorillas arrive and demand to know what started the stampede. Tarzan confesses and tries apologizing to Kerchak who argues Kala's defense to give Tarzan another chance. When Kerchak angrily states that Tarzan will never become one of the clan, Tarzan runs off. Later, he angrily splashes mud onto his face, thinking that it might make him look more 'gorilla'. Kala appears and affectionately shows him that they are actually one and the same; same hands, same eyes, same heart. Filled with a renewed sense of motivation, Tarzan promises to be the best ape ever. As he grows older, he learns to gain strength and inspiration from other animals of the jungle including creating his first spear after watching a rhino scratch a tree with its horns. Now an adult, Tarzan ( Tony Goldwyn ) has become stronger and swifter, managing to travel faster than the gorilla troop by surfing through the trees. During a wrestling match with Terk, the gorilla troop is attacked by Sabor. Kerchak rises to the defense but is overpowered. Seeing this, Tarzan swings in brandishing his spear and engages Sabor in a fierce battle, eventually coming out victorious. He presents the body of Sabor to Kerchak who reacts respectfully to Tarzan. The heartfelt moment is interrupted by a loud noise which encourages the gorillas to move out but arouses Tarzan's curiosity. He soon comes upon a trio of humans consisting of Professor Porter ( Nigel Hawthorne ), his daughter Jane ( Minnie Driver ), and their guide Clayton ( Brian Blessed ). Porter is on an expedition to study gorillas and becomes particularly excited when he stumbles on a nesting site; this proves his theory that gorillas are primarily social creatures that live in family groups. Jane shares his enthusiasm but Clayton remains under the impression that gorillas are wild, savage beasts. Tarzan is nearly discovered by the trigger-happy Clayton before the trio continues on its way. Jane stays behind when she comes across a baby mandrill baboon and whips out a sketchbook to draw him. The baby, taking a fancy to the drawing, steals it and runs off. Jane takes the drawing back from him which makes him cry, attracting the rest of his family, a rather large baboon troop, and they begin to chase Jane. Tarzan, watching all this from above, swings down and rescues Jane before she can fall into a chasm. Tarzan uses his acrobatic skills to navigate the tree tops and elude the baboons, but not before giving the drawing back to the baby. Tarzan brings Jane to a sheltered spot in the trees and recognizes her as someone like him. He gently holds her hand up to his and listens to her heartbeat, much to her discomfort. His ability to mimic allows him to make vocal contact and they successfully introduce each other. Then, Tarzan carries Jane and swings out of the trees towards Jane's campsite where they heard additional shots from Clayton's gun. Meanwhile Terk, a small band of gorillas, and Tantor are looking through the jungle for Tarzan. They soon come across the Porters' campsite and begin playing and making music with what they find, creating a large mess in the process. Tarzan and Jane arrive and Jane realizes, as Tarzan and Terk are reunited, that he's one of them. The rest of the gorilla troop arrives at the camp, attracted by all the noise, including an angry Kerchak. He orders the troop, and Tarzan, to leave before Porter and Clayton return. Jane tells them what happened and dreamily mentions how she met Tarzan. Despite Kerchak's warning that the gorillas must avoid the humans, Tarzan is adamant about continuing to visit them and angrily asks his mother why she didn't tell him there were other creatures like him. Over a period of time he goes back to the camp where Jane and Porter teach him English and all about the human world. After a while, they ask him if he can lead them to where the gorillas are, but Tarzan refuses, remembering how Kerchak felt about the humans. Clayton appears to be the most frustrated by this news. On one return to the camp, Tarzan discovers that more men have arrived and are loading items out of camp and towards a large steamer that is anchored off shore. Jane explains that they are to go home to England and asks Tarzan to go with them. When Tarzan realizes that he won't be able to come back to the jungle, he implores Jane to stay with him. She tearfully says no and runs away. Clayton slyly proposes to Tarzan that Jane will stay longer if she could see the gorillas, so Tarzan agrees to take them. In order to lead the Porters to the gorilla troop safely, he persuades Terk and Tantor to disguise themselves as the humans and lure Kerchak away. The plan works and Tarzan leads the humans to the troop. Everything appears to go smoothly until Terk and Tantor appear suddenly with Kerchak right behind. When he sees the humans he stops in shock but attacks Clayton when he sees him pointing his gun at another gorilla. Tarzan tackles Kerchak and holds onto him while Jane and the others escape. Tarzan then releases Kerchak, nearly choking him, as the troop watches. Tarzan tries to apologize but Kerchak accuses him of betraying the family. That night, Kala approaches a confused and forlorn Tarzan and takes him to the tree house where she found him. There, Tarzan discovers his true past and finds out who his real mother and father were. Kala advises him that no matter what he decides, he must do what makes him happy. Tarzan decides to leave with Jane and the others, donning a suit that belonged to his father. Before he leaves, however, he tells Kala that no matter where he goes, she will always be his mother. Tarzan leaves with Jane, her father, and Clayton the next morning, boarding a small dinghy towards the large steamer. Once on board, however, Tarzan is greeted by fierce looking thugs who force Jane and Porter into the hull of the ship. Tarzan attempts to escape, jumping onto a smoke tower, but the smooth metal is difficult for him to hold onto and he crashes to the deck below. Clayton reveals to be more than just a jungle guide; he intends to capture the gorillas and sell them for a hefty profit. Outraged by Clayton's betrayal and his own naivety, Tarzan lets out a yell which reaches the ears of Terk and Tantor. Already angry about Tarzan leaving, Terk is cynical to Tantor's statement that Tarzan could be in trouble. Showing a surprisingly assertive side to himself, Tantor grabs Terk and plunges into the ocean towards the steamer as Clayton and his thugs take a small boat inland. Tantor and Terk overcome the guards on the boat and release Tarzan and the others. As night falls on the gorilla family, a flare lights up the sky in red and the gorillas are overwhelmed by Clayton's gang. Many gorillas are tied up and put into cages, but Kerchak breaks through his ropes. Clayton strings him down again and claims that the silverback would be better off stuffed. Before Clayton can shoot, Tarzan lets out a loud battle cry, leading other animals of the jungle into the clearing, and frees Kerchak. Kerchak is amazed that Tarzan came back, to which Tarzan replies, "I came home." Jane and Porter arrive on Tantor and even the mandrill baboons, led by the baby, enter the fray. As Tarzan and Jane release Kala from her cage, Tarzan's arm is grazed by one of Clayton's bullets. Seeing this, Kerchak rushes at Clayton but is shot. Tarzan charges angrily at Clayton but is forced to run and hide as Clayton fires multiple shots at him. They both climb into the canopy and begin to fight on the tree branches. Tarzan wrestles Clayton's gun from him and points it at him, but hesitates. Clayton laughs and taunts Tarzan to become a man and shoot him. Tarzan mimics a gunshot, startling Clayton, before smashing the gun to pieces saying, "I'm not a man like you." Clayton brandishes a machete and swings it at Tarzan, forcing him to fall back. He catches onto some vines and backs into the trunk of a tree. Clayton follows but Tarzan brings down a nest of vines, entangling him. Clayton slashes blindly at the vines around him, not realizing that one is wrapping around his neck. Tarzan tries to stop him, but with one last swing, Clayton cuts the vines they were holding and they both fall. Tarzan lands safely on the ground, but Clayton is hanged. Tarzan returns to the troop to find Kerchak dying and asks for his forgiveness. Kerchak tells him that he was mistaken about Tarzan; that he had always been part of the family and must now lead them in Kerchak's stead. Kerchak then puts his hand on Tarzan's shoulder and calls him son for the first time before he dies. Tarzan then stands before the rest of the gorilla family as their new leader and leads them into the jungle. The following morning, Jane and her father say farewell to Tarzan as they leave shore in the dingy bound for the steamer. Tarzan waves goodbye from the shore but Jane is too heartbroken to return the gesture. Porter notices how sad his daughter is and encourages her to follow her heart and go back to Tarzan. Jane jumps excitedly into the water and runs into Tarzan's arms, kissing him. Porter follows, telling the captain rowing the boat to say that they were never found. "After all, people get lost in the jungle every day." The rest of the gorilla troop arrives on the beach, smiling as Tarzan and Jane kiss. Jane tells the gorillas, in the language taught by Tarzan, that she is staying. They all cheer and Tarzan, Jane, and Porter live happily together in the jungle. 
 Sleepless in Seattle (1993)761) A recently widowed man's son calls a radio talk-show in an attempt to find his father a partner. After his wife Maggie passes away, Sam Baldwin and his 8-year-old son Jonah relocate from Chicago to Seattle to escape the grief associated with Maggie's death. Eighteen months later Sam is still grieving and can't sleep. Although Jonah misses his mother, he wants his father to get a new wife despite Sam having not even contemplated dating again. On Christmas Eve, Sam (on Jonah's initiative) ends up pouring his heart out on a national radio talk show about his magical and perfect marriage to Maggie, and how much he still misses her. Among the many women who hear Sam's story and fall in love with him solely because of it is Annie Reed, a Baltimore-based newspaper writer. Annie's infatuation with Sam's story and by association Sam himself is despite being already engaged. But Annie's relationship with her straight-laced fianc Walter is unlike her dream love life in the movie An Affair to Remember (1957) . She even writes to Sam proposing they meet atop the Empire State Building on Valentine's Day. Back in Seattle, Sam has received hundreds of letters from women wanting to meet him. Jonah is excited by one letter in particular from Baltimore and will do whatever he needs to to get his father and Annie together. However, old fashioned Sam wants his future love life to be based on meeting a woman the traditional way and he, in turn, becomes infatuated with an unknown woman he spots a few times in Seattle. Will magic happen twice in Sam's life, and if so will it be with this unknown woman or Annie? Huggo Aching to experience a great romance in the likes of her new favourite film, An Affair to Remember (1957) , the Baltimore Sun reporter, Annie Reed, keeps telling to herself that her relationship and the imminent marriage to her frail fianc, Walter, is the best thing that could happen to her. On the other side of the country, in Seattle--tired of seeing his father still reeling from the untimely loss of his wife--the precocious eight-year-old son of the widowed parent, Sam Baldwin, takes matters into his own hands, and calls a late-night radio talk-show, concerned about his insomniac and still single dad. Now--among thousands of ecstatic and protective women across America--Annie feels an insuppressible need to meet in person the pained stranger with the lovely voice, starting to question her feelings for Walter. Are the Sleepless in Seattle and the Uncertain from Baltimore meant to be together? Nick Riganas Sam is a recent widower who is seeking someone new. Sam's son Jonah, is also looking for a new mother, so when Jonah puts his father on national radio, hundreds of women write to him. One of the women is Annie. She's engaged to Walter, but he's a bit strange. Annie goes to great lengths to meet Sam. Rob Hartill After his wife died, Sam Baldwin did not think about other women. His 8-year old son Jonah thinks that his father needs a woman in order to get his life back in order and calls in on a nation-wide radio-show. The voice and story of Sam is heard by hundreds of women, including Annie Reed, who is about to marry her fianc Walter soon. She can't find a rest until she really knows for sure that Sam Baldwin is not the one person for her. Thus, Annie travels to Seattle, where Sam and Jonah live, and there decides that Sam is not the one. The letter she never sent was posted by a friend of Annie, and therefore Jonah, who feels that she's the one for his dad, already booked a flight to New York in order to meet her on the roof of the Empire State building, just like in "An Affair to Remember". Of course, his father follows him instantly... Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> When Sam Baldwin's wife dies, he decides to move to Seattle with his son, Jonah. When Jonah sees how sad his father is, he calls a radio psychiatrist, who dubs him Sleepless in Seattle cause Jonah says he can't sleep. He starts to talk about his wife and women over the country hear his tale and one woman Annie who lives in Baltimore can't help but fascinated by his tale. Annie despite being engaged can't stop thinking of Sam and soon tries to find all she can about she even goes to Seattle to see him. And once she gets off the plane, Sam who was in the airport to see someone off, sees her and can't keep his eyes off her and tries to follow her but couldn't catch her. Jonah who has been going through the mail that his father has gotten ever since he was on the radio, sees the letter Annie wrote on a whim but didn't send it but her friend did. He tells his father this could be it. But Sam doesn't think he could have a relationship with someone who lives so far away. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sam Baldwin, a Chicago architect, has lost his wife (Carey Lowell) to cancer. He counsels his 8 year old son, Jonah (Ross Malinger), that it's hard to understand why she had to die, warning his son that if a person starts asking that question, they just go crazy. Sam decides he and Jonah should move to Seattle, Washington to make a fresh start. Sixteen months later Sam is still disconsolate and Jonah is worried. So, on Christmas Eve, Jonah calls Dr. Marcia Fieldstone, a clinical psychologist who hosts a national radio talk show, and he requests a new wife for his father. Dr. Fieldstone persuades Jonah to put Sam on the phone. Sam is upset, but he talks to Dr. Fieldstone about how he's been taking it a day at a time and that he's not sure he could ever love another woman. He admits that it would be best if Jonah had a mother figure. When Dr. Fieldstone learns that Sam has trouble sleeping, she decides to refer to him as Sleepless in Seattle. Thousands of women around the country, touched by the sad story of Sleepless in Seattle, send him letters (Jonah secretly provides Dr. Fieldstone with the address). Annie Reed, a journalist from Baltimore, Maryland, engaged to a nice but allergy-prone man named Walter (Bill Pullman), also hears the show with Dr. Fieldstone. Annie has been having doubts about her future with Walter and she begins to wonder about a possible connection between her and Sam. She actually drafts a letter to Sam, but decides not to send it. Her friend and co-worker, Becky (Rosie O'Donnell) secretly sends it to Sam. Jonah, who has been working his way through the flood of mail, finds Annie's missive and thinks the fact that shes a fan of Brooks Robinson of the Baltimore Orioles is a "sign." The movie includes a number of such signs or omens. Jonah tries to convince his father to go to New York City to meet Annie at the top of the Empire State Building on Valentine's Day (as her letter suggested), but Sam says no, it's too far away. Sam has resisted dating anyone, but after he comes home from work one afternoon to find Jonah sitting very close and listening to records with a precocious young girl named Jessica (Gaby Hoffmann), he feels an urgent need to try and find a mother-type for Jonah. Sam thinks it's probably best to associate with women he already knows, so he calls an acquaintance from work, Victoria (Barbara Garrick), and arranges a date. Jonah immediately dislikes Victoria her, because he didn't select her (he wants Sam to meet Annie) and she has a cackling, hyena-like laugh. On the advice of Jessica, Jonah mails a letter to Annie, pretending to be Sam and agreeing to meet her at the top of the Empire State Building on Valentine's Day. Annie decides to do a news story on Sleepless in Seattle, and she tells Walter that she needs to travel to Chicago to do an interview for the story. She then flies out to Seattle. Coincidentally, Sam and Jonah are at the airport in Seattle, dropping Victoria off for a flight, and Annie arrives at the same gate. Sam sees her and is immediately attracted, however she quickly disappears into the crowd. Annie rents a car and drives to Sam's house. Sam and Jonah have returned from the airport and are just taking a small boat out for a ride. Annie is able to follow them in her car, as they stay close to land. She watches Sam and Jonah playing on the beach together, but she doesn't try to approach them. She talks to Becky about it that night and decides that the next day, she will go up and talk to Sam. The next day, she gets out of her car and starts across the street, but stops short when she sees Sam and Jonah hugging Sam's sister, who came to visit. A truck driver blasts his horn at Annie, as she's standing in traffic. Sam looks up, sees her, and approaches her. They exchange hellos. Rather than wait for traffic to clear and go on across the street, Annie decides she is being silly about the whole thing, that Sam obviously has a girlfriend, and she goes back to New York and Walter. Jessica decides that Jonah should go to New York by himself to meet Annie, since Sam won't go. She then calls and makes the flight reservation. Jonah manages to get to New York and takes a taxi to the Empire State Building, telling the driver that he's going to meet his new mother. Once Sam finds out from Jessica where Jonah went, he rushes off in pursuit. He doesn't catch up to Jonah until he gets to the observation deck of the Empire State Building, where Jonah has been patiently waiting for Annie to appear. Meanwhile, Annie is at dinner with Walter at a high rise across the way. She's explaining the entire Sleepless in Seattle story to Walter. Walter doesn't want to be someone that Annie settles for in life, so he agrees to take back the ring he had given her. Annie then hurries on over to the Empire State Building just in case Sam's letter was legitimate. Jonah and Sam get on the down elevator just as Annie is exiting the elevator she's on. They miss each other. However, Annie discovers Jonah's backpack with Howard, his teddy bear, inside. As she's pondering that, Jonah and Sam come back out to the observation deck to retrieve the backpack, and they see and meet Annie for the first time. Sam notices the guard getting antsy, as the observation floor is officially closed, and says "we'd better go", then holds out his hand to Annie and adds, shall we? Jimmy Durante is singing Make Someone Happy as the camera pans around the outside of the Empire State Building, with the windows lit up like red hearts on each side, then the scene draws way back into space so that we see an outline of the entire U.S. with fireworks shooting high above as the movie ends. 
 The Flintstones (1994)Summaries In a parallel modern-day Stone Age world, a working-class family, the Flintstones, are set up for an executive job. But they learn that money can't buy happiness. The Flintstones and the Rubbles are modern stone-age families. Fred and Barney work at Slate and Company, mining rock. Fred gives Barney some money so he and Betty can adopt a baby. When Fred and Barney take a test to determine who should become the new associate vice president, Barney returns the favor by switching his test answers for Fred's, whose answers aren't very good. Fred gets the executive position, but little does he know that he's being manipulated by his boss to be the fall guy for an embezzlement scheme. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A League of Their Own (1992)651) Two sisters join the first female professional baseball league and struggle to help it succeed amidst their own growing rivalry. During World War II when all the men are fighting the war, most of the jobs that were left vacant because of their absence were filled in by women. The owners of the baseball teams, not wanting baseball to be dormant indefinitely, decide to form teams with women. So scouts are sent all over the country to find women players. One of the scouts, passes through Oregon and finds a woman named Dottie Hinson, who is incredible. He approaches her and asks her to try out but she's not interested. However, her sister, Kit who wants to get out of Oregon, offers to go. But he agrees only if she can get her sister to go. When they try out, they're chosen and are on the same team. Jimmy Dugan, a former player, who's now a drunk, is the team manager. But he doesn't feel as if it's a real job so he drinks and is not exactly doing his job. So Dottie steps up. After a few months when it appears the girls are not garnering any attention, the league is facing closure till Dottie does something that grabs attention. And it isn't long Dottie is the star of the team and Kit feels like she's living in her shadow. rcs0411@yahoo.com Two Sisters, Kit and Dottie, (Lori Petty and Geena Davis) participate in the Women's Baseball Association, along with other girls on the "Rockford Peaches" with Interesting and drunk manager Jimmy Dugan, (Tom Hanks) and wild girl Mae Mordibeto, (Madonna) they find themselves surrounded with drama and troubles. Grandmother Dottie Hinson has just stepped onto Liberty Field in Cooperstown, she there, somewhat reluctantly, to attend the unveiling of the new exhibit at the Baseball Hall of Fame celebrating the first professional women's baseball league of which she was a part as a catcher. The league was created in 1943 by businessman Walter Harvey solely in light of the threat to MLB with many men being away at war. Dottie and her younger sister Kit Keller, from a farming community in the Willamette Valley of Oregon, were among the sixty-four players cobbled together from all over North America to form the four teams representing Midwestern cities in that first year. Her coach was ex-MLB player Jimmy Dugan, whose playing career was cut short due to his drinking, which led to problems with her as she, as the one with the skill, needed to take over many of his responsibilities for the team in his inability and unwant in not believing in the league. Beyond Jimmy, Dottie's reluctance in attending what will be the reunion is in part due to a combination of problems of the league, which treated the players more as eye candy than athletes, her relationship with Kit, a pitcher who always felt caught in her older sister's shadow and who she has not seen in a while, and the way Dottie ended her tenure with the league at the end of the first year. Huggo In a small town in Oregon, farm girls Dottie Hinson (Geena Davis) and Kit Keller (Lori Petty) are sisters who compete with each other, even over the little things. Older, prettier, more settled and married Dottie is the catcher for the local softball team sponsored by Lukash Dairy. Kit is her younger sister, and pitcher on the same team, who feels that she can't measure up to Dottie in her own eyes, or in the eyes of others. With so many young men overseas fighting the Axis, there is a danger that professional baseball will be shut down for the duration of the war. A well-known candy manufacturer, Walter Harvey (Gary Marshall), contrives the idea to create a professional baseball league for women; both the keep the sport alive and to make a buck or two. Dottie is recruited by a scout (John Lovitz) for this new league but refuses to go unless her sister is allowed on the team. On the way to Chicago they also intervene to get an outstanding batter, Marla Hooch (Megan Cavanaugh) a try-out as well. Once in Chicago, they are introduced to the other girls who will be on one of the four teams: May and Doris (Madonna and Rosie O'Donnell) are close friends from New York; Shirley Baker (Anne Cusack) is an illiterate farm-girl. These women, along with their team-mates, begin a journey that opens up a whole new world, far beyond that of the baseball diamond, lead by team manager, Jimmy Dugan (Tom Hanks), a washed-up star ruined by alcohol and angered and embarrassed to be the coach of a girl's team. SilverMoonSparkling Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Elderly Dottie Hinson (Anne Cartwright) is a former player on the nation's first women's baseball league in the 1940s. As catcher for the Rockford Peaches, she helped break gender barriers and earn nationwide respect for herself and the teams. Recently widowed, she nervously prepares to attend a reunion with her former teammates, including her younger sister Kit, also a league player, who Dottie rarely sees. She arrives in New York, and ss she stands at the gate of Doubleday Field the memories flood back. In spring of 1943, the United States is at the height of its involvement in World War II. The draft has claimed the best talent from Major League Baseball, including Joe DiMaggio, Ted Williams and Bob Feller. Walter Harvey (Garry Marshall), a candy bar mogul and MLB team owner, holds an owners' meeting to determine what they should do if the American and National Leagues deem it necessary to shut down. He enlists one of his marketing gurus, Ira Lowenstein (David Strathairn), to come up with a solution. Some time later, one of Harvey's talent scouts, the sarcastic and often rude Ernie Capadino (John Lovitz), comes to Willamette, Oregon, to a farm-based co-ed fastpitch softball league. This particular game has the home team, Lukash Dairy, down by one, with two men on and one out in the bottom of the ninth inning. A young lady, Kit Keller (Lori Petty), is on deck. Before she goes to the plate, her sister, the aforementioned Dottie Hinson (Geena Davis), points out a gap in the infield that she can hit through, to tie or possibly win the game. She also warns Kit to lay off high fastballs, a pitch Kit claims to like but Dottie knows she can't hit yet. Sure enough, Kit swings at two fastballs, then takes a changeup right down the middle to strike out, drawing sneers from the crowd. When Dottie steps up to bat, she takes a ball inside, then swings at and hits a ball right in her wheelhouse, sending it to the outfield wall. As she stops at first, the two players on base score, and they win the game. Ernie takes note of her patience at the plate, and decides Dottie would be perfect for the league due to both her talent and her "dolly" good looks. Dottie is also married, with her husband Bob fighting overseas in the Pacific. Kit clearly has a rivalry with Dottie, believing that their parents (and the rest of the town) see her as inferior to her older sister. Dottie denies it, but she also has a competitive streak that urges her to outdo Kit. As they are milking the cows at their parents' farm, Ernie Capadino finds them and offers Dottie a tryout for the upcoming league. Dottie initially declines, but Kit desperately wants a chance to prove her talent. Ernie rebuffs Kit as he had seen her poor batting at the game, but Dottie explains that Kit is a great pitcher and it wasn't her turn to pitch that game. Ernie pats her on the arm, explaining that he doesn't need her but changes his mind when he sees that Kit has strong muscle tone in the upper part of her pitching arm. Ernie strikes a deal, offering Kit a tryout if Dottie attends too. Dottie eventually gives in. The next morning the sisters get a late start and must sprint after the moving train and jump aboard, meeting up with Ernie. En route to Chicago, the trio stops in Fort Collins, Colorado, to watch another girl, Marla Hooch (Megan Cavanagh), who is coached by her father, Dave (Eddie Jones). The tryout is in a gymnasium, where she hits several hard fastballs, breaking several windows, and also shows patience at the plate. She's even a switch hitter. Her father mentions that if she were a boy, he'd be talking to the Yankees. When she's done, and Ernie finally gets a look at her, he rejects her, because she is rather homely. The rejection angers both Dottie and Kit, who refuse to leave with Capadino. Marla's father manages to convince Ernie to take her, claiming it's his fault she isn't "pretty" since her mother died when she was young, and he raised her alone as a tomboy. All four make it to Harvey Field for the tryout. Ernie leaves the girls to go try out, as he has more scouting work to do. The three come upon a group of girls, including Mae Mordabito (Madonna) and Doris Murphy (Rosie O'Donnell). Mae and Doris look down on the new girls, and make an offhand claim that Dottie, Kit and Marla will be rejected. Kit takes offense to that, prompting Doris to throw a ball hard at her head. Kit ducks, but before the ball gets to her, Dottie catches it barehanded, to Mae and Doris' astonishment. As the tryout is given, a radio program is played with a debutante deriding the idea of women's baseball, calling it the "masculinization of women". Kit tries out as a pitcher, while Dottie plays her usual position of catcher, and shows incredible talent with playcalling and catching girls stealing. Eventually girls are chosen, split into four teams of sixteen girls each. Dottie and Kit both end up on the same team, the Rockford Peaches, to play in Rockford, Illinois. Marla, Mae and Doris are also on the Peaches. Before the introductions, one girl is lingering at the board, looking helplessly at the team lists. One of the girls assigned to the Peaches, Helen Haley (Anne Ramsay), approaches the girl and gets her name, Shirley Baker (Ann Cusack). As it turns out, Shirley cannot read. Finding her name on the lists, not only has Shirley made it, she's also on the Peaches. Charlie Collins (Don S. Davis), who will manage the Racine Belles, welcomes them to the All-American Girls Baseball League. During the introduction, the girls find out that many stereotypes of women will be involved. The "uniforms" feature short skirts that will make sliding very tricky, and all the girls will have classes at charm and beauty schools, in addition to their daily lives being monitored by chaperones. Lowenstein interjects to their protests, and insists that the rules be followed. One of these beauty school classes for the Peaches is shown, especially Marla's difficulties going through it. During a grading of their style, several girls are given stern suggestions to change their look. Dottie and Kit do not need such suggestions. The recommendation for Marla: "a lot of night games". Meanwhile, Walter Harvey is back at his mansion, doing business with former MLB player Jimmy Dugan (Tom Hanks). He asks the former player if he is still an alcoholic, but he implies he is when he can afford it. Harvey complains, since Dugan's playing career ended because of an alcohol-induced incident that left him with a blown-out knee (he'd jumped out of a hotel window after setting the room on fire). Harvey offers Dugan a manager position in the new girls baseball league, to give the league a name to cheer for while the girls play. In the clubhouse for their first game, the Peaches are getting ready, and eagerly awaiting the arrival of their famous manager. One of the girls, Betty Horn (Tracy Reiner), has her husband's baseball card of Dugan, hoping to get it autographed. Dugan arrives severely hungover, walks through the clubhouse to the bathroom, and proceeds to urinate right in front of the ladies. He takes so long, Mae actually starts timing him. When he's done, he leaves the clubhouse, ripping up Betty's baseball card along the way, leaving her in tears. The other girls are worried about not having a lineup. When Dottie stands and suggests making a lineup shouldn't be so hard, Mae and Doris challenge her to make the lineup herself. Dottie immediately names Mae the leadoff hitter, playing centerfield, to Mae's satisfaction. When they come out for the game's introductions, the guys in the stands catcall them mercilessly. The Peaches determine to suck it up and prove their mettle on the field in their first game, against the South Bend Blue Sox. During the introductions, a guy jumps up on top of one of the dugouts and makes fun of the players. The shortstop, Ellen Sue Gotlander (Freddie Simpson), throws the ball at his head, knocking him silly. The game goes on, and in the bottom of the ninth inning, Dottie hits a 3-0 pitch for a three-run home run to win the game for the Peaches. After the game, Lowenstein chastizes the indifferent Jimmy for napping during the entire game. A second newsreel plays, exhibiting the new women's baseball league, and profiling several of the players for the Peaches. The end fades back to color as another game ends with Marla, Ellen Sue and Helen turning a 4-6-3 double play to lock up another win for the Peaches. After the game, another of the players, Evelyn Gardner (Bitty Schram), asks Jimmy if she can take her son, Stilwell, on the team's road trips. On the bus the spoiled-rotten Stilwell (Justin Scheller) runs up and down the aisle of their bus and distracts the bus driver, running him off the road. He stops the bus, quits, and storms off. The team chaperone, Miss Cuthbert (Pauline Brailsford), chases him, trying to convince him to stay, but to no avail. As she's away, some of the girls reveal a scheme to Dottie to sneak off to a roadhouse during their road trip. Mae plans to give Miss Cuthbert food poisoning to get away with it. Miss Cuthbert returns, and wakes up Jimmy (who was napping) to drive the bus. In a drunken haze, he blindly grabs and kisses Miss Cuthbert, but screams when he realizes who he's kissing. He orders everyone back on the bus and they drive off. Sure enough, that night, Miss Cuthbert is ill, and as a doctor makes a house call, Mae, Doris, Kit, Marla and most of the team sneak to the road house, dancing all night. Eventually Dottie makes her way to the roadhouse to warn them that Lowenstein is on his way to find them. Marla lags behind--she had gotten drunk, and ended up falling in love with a patron named Nelson (Alan Wilder). It's clear the attraction is mutual, and Nelson offers to take Marla home himself. The next morning, the girls go to church. Mae went to confession and told the preacher "everything", leaving the man of the cloth stunned -- the team hears him drop his Bible a few times. That night, Jimmy takes batting practice alone with a pitching machine, drunkenly complaining to himself about his job. The next game is against the Racine Belles. Jimmy is reading a paper instead of watching the game, so Dottie is taking it upon herself to manage the team. Mae gets a hit to left-center, and stretches it into a triple. Jimmy sees Dottie giving signals to Marla, who is next to bat. Dottie is suggesting a squeeze play. Jimmy would prefer that Marla, their best hitter, swing away at the ball, and sends Marla his own signals. After a brief war of signals, Jimmy tells Dottie to stop, that he's the manager. Dottie retorts he should start acting like one. Jimmy takes over, and with his play, Marla gets a run-scoring hit. Jimmy is impressed, but still doesn't think the girls are "real" ballplayers. In another bus ride, their superstitious left fielder, Alice Gaspers (Renee Coleman), tells everyone to cross their fingers as they pass a cemetery. Mae is shown teaching Shirley how to read, using a pornographic novel. Shirley is surprised when she realizes what she is reading. Evelyn is writing a song about the league. Doris tells Betty about her on-and-off boyfriend, Charlie, who puts her down because she plays baseball. But now that she sees how many girls can play, she no longer sees a problem with it. After that, she tears up and throw away the photograph of Charlie she was carrying. In the next game, against South Bend, the Blue Sox finish the top of the sixth inning having tied the game. Jimmy cuts down Evelyn for throwing home instead of hitting a cut-off man on what should have been a single, allowing a runner on second and eventually letting two runs score. His yelling leaves her crying, and he ends up yelling at her a second time, telling her how "there's no crying in baseball". He relates a story about how he was once verbally abused by famous manager Rogers Hornsby, and didn't cry himself. The umpire comes over and suggests he treat his players more gently. Jimmy insults the umpire, getting himself ejected from the game, as the team applauds. The next game is at Racine, and barely anyone shows up. Lowenstein arrives and tells the Peaches that Life Magazine is there to do an article about the league, and Dottie is going to be their profile feature. He also reveals that the owners have threatened to shut the league down due to dismal attendance. The girls do not want to go back to their old lives. Dottie decides to do something: on a routine foul pop-up, she does a split to make the catch, impressing the crowd and getting the photographers for Life a cover picture for the issue. A montage of scenes through the middle of the season then plays out, with various plays and several fan promotions. The players quickly amp up their game, making flashy plays, increasing the excitement. Gradually the games bring in more and more fans. During the montage, it is shown that Marla has married Nelson, and leaves the team for the rest of the year. During another bus ride, Dottie and Jimmy talk about their personal lives, particularly her husband Bob, who is fighting in Europe but has been out of contact for a while. A key game is played, and Kit is getting tired on the mound in the final inning. During the game, Walter Harvey has a meeting with Ira Lowenstein, revealing he intends to close the league at the end of the season. Ira challenges Walter to give him the reigns of the league and let him continue the league himself. Before facing the final batter, Jimmy and Dottie visit the mound, and Dottie decides that Kit is finished. Jimmy sends an angry Kit to the dugout and calls Ellen Sue in to finish the game. After the game, Doris jokes to Kit that she's getting "too big" to finish her own games. This gets Kit mad, and she throws her glove at Doris, then tackles her. Jimmy has to break them up, and tosses Kit in the showers. Afterward in the clubhouse, Kit yells at Dottie, feeling like she's being held back. Kit feels like she's at home, like she's always second-best behind Dottie. That night, Lowenstein finds Dottie lingering in the clubhouse. Dottie says she is finished with baseball, not wanting to deal with Kit's jealousy. Lowenstein offers Dottie a trade instead. That night, an irate Kit reveals she's been traded to the Racine Belles. Dottie wanted herself to be traded, but Kit figured Lowenstein would never do that, because Dottie was the star of the Peaches. The argument continues in Kit's room. Dottie remarks that the only reason she joined was to get Kit in the league in the first place. Kit asks why she's still there, then. Dottie leaves, allowing Kit to pack. A few days later, the team is getting ready for another game, singing the song Evelyn wrote. Jimmy enters the clubhouse, revealing that he gets a bonus if they win the game and make it to the World Series. After some ribbing from Doris, a Western Union delivery man arrives with a telegram from the War Department, silencing the clubhouse. He reads the telegram stating that one of the team members' husbands has been killed in action. However, he turns to leave because the telegram isn't on his delivery list. Jimmy has to rip the telegram from the delivery boy's hands, not wanting the spectre of not knowing who lost their husband to distract them from the game. He reads the telegram, and gives it to Betty, who has to be helped out in tears. Dottie is somewhat shaken by the scene and that night, cries in her room alone because she does not know the fate of Bob. Suddenly, a knock on the door, and it opens to reveal her husband (Bill Pullman), walking with a cane. He was shot by a sniper, which was why he was out of contact. They have a tearful reunion. The next morning, as the rest of the team prepares to head to Racine to begin the World Series, Dottie decides to retire. Before she leaves with Bob, Jimmy warns her that she would regret the decision to leave so hastily, countering Dottie's argument that playing had become "too hard" for her. Jimmy says that few people have ever reached Dottie's level of skill and dedication and that the game being hard is what makes it great. The Belles and the Peaches split the first six games, leading up to a Game 7 in Racine. Jimmy, concerned about his team's chances and getting constantly heckled by Stilwell, leads a rare (and somewhat irreverent) locker room prayer vigil with the team. During warmups, Jimmy tells the replacement catcher to let him know of the first sign of tiring by Ellen Sue, who has taken over full-time as pitcher. The catcher reveals herself to be Dottie. Half-way to Oregon, she realized she had to finish the season out, and returned just in time for the decisive game. Bob was in the stands for the game, cheering her on. Although Alice had been playing in her place at catcher, he allows Dottie into the game to play. Her attitude gives Jimmy a renewed confidence that they just might win the game, and the series. The game plays out scoreless until the bottom of the eighth, when Evelyn again fails to throw a cut-off on a grounder to the outfield, allowing the Belles to score a run. Although they are now behind, 1-0, Jimmy manages to keep his cool to Evelyn, pointing out strainingly that she needs to work on her fielding before next season. The Peaches attempt to mount a comeback in the top of the ninth, leaving it up to Kit to pitch the Belles to victory. Mae starts it off with an infield single. Doris follows that with a flyball single to center, moving Mae to second. Evelyn hits a sacrifice bunt to advance Mae and Doris, getting out one. Helen gets squeezed, and grounds out to first base for out two. Dottie comes to the plate, and hits a line drive right at Kit's head, forcing her to duck. Mae and Doris score, giving the Peaches a 2-1 lead. After getting Ellen Sue to fly out to end the inning, Kit returns to the dugout crying, but she has to compose herself, because she will need to hit if the Belles want to win now. In the bottom of the ninth, one of the Belles' players gets a hit, giving Kit a shot to win the game for the Belles. Dottie reminds Ellen Sue to feed Kit high fastballs. Sure enough, Kit swings at the first two. But she gets a lucky shot on the third one, connecting and driving it into the rightfield gap. The Belles runner makes it home to tie thegame, but Kit decides to win the game herself, trying for an inside-the-park home run. Evelyn hits the cut-off this time, and Dottie gets the ball in time. Kit runs into Dottie, knocking the ball loose and touching home plate, winning the game for the Belles, 3-2. At the end of the game, Harvey comes up to Lowenstein, and agrees to keep the league running. After the game, Kit is signing some autographs, reveling in her growing fame. She encounters Dottie, and apologizes for running into her. Dottie assures her it's just part of the game. Dottie is about to return to Oregon with Bob, but Kit wants to stay in Racine and get an offseason job while waiting to play next year. Dottie confirms that she is indeed retiring. Kit insists Dottie will miss being in the league, and laments that Dottie is leaving right when she wants her to stay. When everyone prepares to leave, Jimmy finds his way to Dottie, who finally introduces him to Bob. Jimmy reveals that Harvey offered him a job managing a Triple A minor-league team in Wichita. He turned it down, deciding to remain the manager of the Peaches. Before Kit gets on her bus to leave for home, she and Dottie have one more playful shouting match, with Dottie insisting that Kit lay off the high fastballs. The scene fades back to the present day, with Dottie again at Doubleday Field. Doris (Vera Johnson) and Mae (Eunice Anderson) are the first to recognize her, and confirm it by throwing a baseball at her, which she again catches with her bare hands, even though she's now in her seventies. She reunites warmly with her teammates. Among them, Helen (Barbara Pilavin) became a doctor, and Ellen Sue (Eugenia McLin) married a plastic surgeon. Among others, she also met with Shirley (Barbara Erwin), Betty (Betty Miller) and Alice (Shirley Burkovich). Marla (Patricia Wilson) reveals herself; Nelson had recently handed his business to their son. It's here that Dottie reveals that Bob had died the previous winter. During their reunion, another former player (real-life women's baseball player Dolores "Pickles" Lee-Dries) points Dottie out to a reporter, saying that though "she only played one year", she was still the best player the league had ever seen. Afterward, a ceremony is held in the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum. Prior to the ceremony for their exhibit, Dottie meets with Stilwell (Mark Holton), who notes that his mother, Evelyn, died two years before. She also finds a placard for Jimmy Dugan (who had also passed). The Women in Baseball exhibit is opened by Ira Lowenstein (Marvin Einhorn) himself, since he was the one that kept the league going as long as it did. During the opening, Dottie looks through the exhibit, and eventually finding herself before a picture of herself and Kit. It is here that she is found by Kit (Kathleen Butler), who enters with her husband, children and grandchildren. Kit quickly finds and reunites happily with Dottie. During the credits, an "Old Timers' Game" is played at Doubleday Field. The last scene is one of the women arguing a questionable strike call with the home plate umpire. 