nm0004691:

 Queen of the Damned (2002)541) In this loose sequel to Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles (1994) , the vampire Lestat becomes a rock star whose music wakes up the equally beautiful and monstrous queen of all vampires. After losing interest in immortality, vampire Lestat goes to sleep, awakening after a long time to the sounds of punk rock. Taking up as the leader of an undead band, Lestat gains fame but exposes vampires, drawing the attention of vampire enthusiast Jesse. His music also awakens the queen of the damned, Akasha the first vampire, who decides to make Lestat her king. After learning of her bloodlust, and designs to take over humankind, Lestat teams with the other vampire nobility to take her down. Lestat then turns Jesse into his undead mistress to spend eternity together. MacGroovyJM After many years of sleeping in his coffin, the vampire Lestat awakens only to find that the world has changed and he wants to be a part of it. He gathers a following and becomes a rock star only to find that his music awakens the ancient Queen Akasha and she wants him to become her king... Andrew Main Lestat de Lioncourt is awakened from his slumber. Bored with his existence he has now become this generation's new Rock God. While in the course of time, another has arisen, Akasha, the Queen of the Vampires and the Dammed. He wants immortal fame, his fellow vampires want him eternally dead for his betrayal, and the Queen wants him for her King. Who will be the first to reach him? Who shall win the final battle of the vampires and survive? Cinema_Fan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lestat ( Stuart Townsend ) has slumbered for two ceturies, but the world above his tomb has changed from the colonial pretension of the 18th century to a more free and colourful world of new more revealing fashions, louder music, caring for the world's future and the hungry machine that is the media. He rises from his resting place and feeds upon a victim, feeling more revitalized that ever before. He then proceeds to go and find where the music he hears is coming from, delighted to discover that it is from his old house, and soon shows the young mortal band his talents and makes them famous, calling the rock band The Vampire Lestat. He is controversial, over the top and utterly sesuous, portraying all the sins of the world in his lyrics and his over all demour. But unaware to him a young member of secret vampire expert society, is in fact obsessed with him and reads the thoughts that he put in his diary that her boss, David ( Paul McGann ), found. She learns of his maker the talented painter Marius ( Vincent Perez ), who kidnapped him from his homeland and made him immortal to have an outside link to the everchanging world. Lestat proves to be more trouble than he's worth, wanting to be seen and heard by mortal, and not be in the shadows waiting to feed upon them. He learns to play the violin like an angel, but kills a Gypsy girl and her father after revealing his supernatural attributes while hunting with Marius. He then discovers the secret room that Queen Akasha [(link=nm0004691]) and her King slumber. He plays the violin for her, and falls into her trap of drinking her blood. But he is chained to the bed by Marius and discovers that Akasha and her King are the makers of all vampires, brutal and bloodthirsty, they had drank the ancient world dry and finally lost their will to drink. Later Lestat awakens alone, to find Marius is gone and so are Akasha and her mate, showing Lestat that after all is said and done, we are all alone. Even more intrigued by this nocturnal hearthrob, Jesse ( Marguerite Moreau ) sets out to a vampire club in the old section of London, only to be nearly devoured by a pack of yuppy vampires and be rescued by Lestat. She tells him of her reading his diary and asks him about his violin, telling him he can't have forgotten about it. He returns home and once again plays the treasured instrument. The next day he has a press conference with his band and stirs up trouble with both humans and vampires, saying that the immortals must come and find him at his one and only concert in the valley. Soon after he recieves a visit from Marius and hears that Akasha has awoken and drank her King to death. Now she is after Lestat, as is Jesse, but for different reasons, Akasha seeks to make him her new King and Jesse wants to learn more about immortality from him. The night before the concert Jesse's wish is almost answered, as Lestat very nearly turns her, but he disappears claiming that she doesn't truly want the dark gift. At the concert the vampires gather and try to kill Lestat, but Marius helps him fight them off. When Akasha arrives she promptly flies Lestat off to an island resort where she's killed the entire populous and makes love to him in a mixture of mortal love making, mental and also drinking from him and having him drink from her. Jesse wakes in the house where she lived as a child, in awe at the sight of her Aunt Maharet ( Lena Olin ), who hasn't aged, and is a vampire. Back on the island Lestat is able to walk in the sun, and is told by Akasha that they will rule all once more. He asks if their kingdom will include only corpses and she replies with a blissful affirmation of his theory. Finally Marius, Maharet and all the other vampire elders gather to make a plan against Akasha and Lestat. But they are interrupted by the queens arrival with her new king. She tells Lestat to kill Jesse, and mocks the girl when she says that it is what she desires. Jesse collapses and Akasha says that Lestat is most obediant, he drinks from her once more, but does not stop and she throws him off. The other vampires try to also kill her, some turn to dust and others survive. But it is Maharet who drinks the last drop from Akasha. Maharet turns to stone, to slumber forever for drinking the last drop of the vampire queen's blood. Akasha turns to ashes, blowing away into nothingness. Jesse and Lestat pay a visit to a very nervous David, returning the diary she took. She offers him the gift, but he says he is too old. The couple walk off into a haze of lights and flashing by figures who carry on with their normal lives. Marius enters David's office, well aware that David has obsessed over him for many years, and greets David with a polite tone. This ends the film with the question whether Marius will infact turn David, and if Lestat and Jesse will truly be lovers until the ending of the the universe. 
 Romeo Must Die (2000)651) An avenging cop seeks out his brother's killer and falls for the daughter of a businessman who is involved in a money-deal with his father. In this modern day Romeo and Juliet, kung fu action star Jet Li plays Romeo to hip-hop singer, Aaliyah Haughton's Juliet. Li is an ex-cop investigating the murder of his brother, who had ties with the Chinese mafia in America. Aaliyah plays the daughter of the American mob boss. Neither side approves of their romance, so, obviously, kung fu action ensues, with a soundtrack by Aaliyah. Pugnax the Great <pugnax@hotmail.com> The death of Han Sing's little brother catapults him out of a Hong Kong jail to the Oakland-San Francisco waterfront, where he vows to find his brother's killers. His quest lands him in the middle of a three-way deal between Chinese, Black and White "businessmen" who will stop at nothing to create a new money-making stadium. Han finds help from Trish, a woman with close connections to the Black mob, and together they work to find their brothers' killers. Djung Han Sing is an ex-cop who went to prison in Hong Kong to let his father, a Chinese crime lord, and his brother escape to San Francisco. When his brother is killed, seemingly by a black gang headed by Isaak O'Day, Sing breaks out of prison and gets to America to discover his brother's killer and avenge his death. Wayne West <wwphx@hotmail.com> When a Chinese gang lord's son is murdered in Oakland, his brother, Han, breaks out of a Hong Kong prison to find out how it happened and to avenge his death. He arrives on controlled turf, a waterfront run by the rival gang-lords Ch'u Sing (Han's father) and Isaak O'Day, and their respective Chinese and African-American crime organizations. When it is clear that something bigger is involved, Han teams up with O'Day's daughter Trish to continue the hunt for justice. LVJeff Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two rival gangs, one Asian, the other African American, are locked in a fierce and brutal turf battle, vying for control of Oakland's waterfront properties. But when the first casualty is the Asian warlord's son Po, the gang war becomes more dangerous than either side ever imagined. News of the murder gets back to Po's big brother Han (Jet Li - Lethal Weapon 4, Kiss Of the Dragon), a legendary ex-cop currently imprisoned in a Hong Kong jail. In a world of vicious rivalries and violent betrayals, Han has no choice but to escape and declare war himself. But unlike others, who can only use weapons, Han IS a weapon. And falling into his sightlines can be a deadly mistake. 
 Anastasia (1997)651) The last surviving child of the Russian Royal Family joins two con men to reunite with her grandmother, the Dowager Empress, while the undead Rasputin seeks her death. The daughter of the last Russian Czar, Nicolas II (Rick Jones), Anastasia (Meg Ryan) is found by two Russian con men, Dimitri (John Cusack) and Vladimir (Kelsey Grammer), who seek the reward that her grandmother, the Dowager Empress Marie Feodorovna (Dame Angela Lansbury), promised to the ones who'll find her. But the evil mystic of the Czar family, Grigori Rasputin (Christopher Lloyd), still wants the Romanov family to be destroyed forever. In 1916, as Rasputin, the malevolent monk, casts a terrible spell upon the house of Romanov, the beloved daughter of Czar Nicholas II, Anastasia, flees Russia with her grandmother, the Dowager Empress Marie Feodorovna, only to become separated. Almost a decade later, a band of scheming St. Petersburg con artists, Dimitri and Vladimir, stumble upon the eighteen-year-old orphan, Anya, and decide to groom her to pass off as the Empress' real granddaughter, in high hopes of collecting a satisfying reward. However, the evil spectre of the damned wizard won't rest until he fulfils his fevered curse. Will innocent Anya take Anastasia's place? Nick Riganas When the dark shadow of revolution falls on the house of the Romanovs, the royal family's youngest daughter, Anastasia, barely escapes the siege. Ten years later, knows herself only by the name Anya (Meg Ryan) due to amnesia caused by hitting her head that night. But Anya holds memories of a past which was full of palaces and parties. In order to discover more about this past, she travels to Paris with two con men, Dimitri (John Cusack,) and Vladimir (Kelsey Grammer), who plan on passing her off as Anastasia to collect the reward money offered by the Dowager Empress Marie Feodorovna (Dame Angela Lansbury) for the return of her granddaughter. But what they don't realize is that they have the real Anastasia? And what's worse, Grigori Rasputin (Christopher Lloyd), former confidant to the Czar, will not rest until he sees the last Romanov dead. O.G. The year is 1916. In St. Petersburg, Russia, Czar Nicholas II (Rick Jones) is throwing a grand ball to celebrate the 300th Anniversary of Romanov rule, while his mother, Dowager Empress Marie Feodorovna (Dame Angela Lansbury), gives her favorite granddaughter, eight-year-old Grand Duchess named Anastasia, a music box and a necklace reading "Together in Paris" which serves as its key. The ball is interrupted by the arrival of the villainous undead corpse Grigori Rasputin (Christopher Lloyd), a monk once trusted by the Russian Imperial Family, having since been cast out by Nicholas as a "traitor". He enacts his revenge through a demonic green reliquary, summoning a curse that sparks the Russian Revolution. Anastasia is reunited with her grandmother ten years later with the help of two con men, Dimitri (John Cusack) and Vladimir Kelsey Grammer). Then, just as all of the obstacles and plot complications are out of the way of romance, the final showdown with Rasputin occurs. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In St Petersburg, Russia, in 1916, a lavish ball is held to celebrate 300 years of the ruling of the Romanov family. Attending the event is the Dowager Empress Marie ( Angela Lansbury ), whose son Nicolas is the Tsar of Imperial Russia. At the event, Marie is happy to see her granddaughter Anastasia ( Kirsten Dunst ), who is sad that Marie will be going to Paris, France. Marie has chosen to give Anastasia a music box as a gift, which plays a melody that both of them know. The wind-up key to make the music box work is on a pendant, inscribed with the words, "Together in Paris." The mood of the party is soon silenced as Rasputin ( Christopher Lloyd ) enters, claiming to be Nicolas' "confidant." Nicolas instead brands Rasputin as a traitor, and orders him out of the Palace. Angered at Nicholas, Rasputin claims that he and his family will be dead within the fortnight, and vows to not rest until all the Romanovs are dead. Rasputin then sells his soul for the power to destroy the Romanov family. With his stronger dark powers, Rasputin uses them to cause dissent among the people, who soon revolt and charge the Palace gates. Anastasia and Marie are in a room in the midst of the chaos, but escape through a secret entrance with the help of a servant boy. As they attempt to make their way across a frozen river on the Palace Grounds, Rasputin confronts them, but ends up on thin ice, which cracks and gives way under him, causing him to sink into the cold waters, leaving behind his magic reliquary and a little fruitbat named Bartok ( Hank Azaria ). Anastasia and Marie attempt to board a train, but in the process, Anastasia loses her grip on Marie's hand, falling to the platform, where she hits her head and goes unconscious. 10 years after the revolution, St Petersburg is filled with gossip that Anastasia ( Meg Ryan ) may still be alive, with the Dowager Empress Marie (who still resides in Paris) promising to pay a reward for the return of her granddaughter. A conman in St Petersburg named Dimitri ( John Cusack ) and his assistant Vlad ( Kelsey Grammer ) are attempting to find a woman to pass off as Anastasia, in hopes of bilking Marie out of the reward. Meanwhile, Anastasia has grown up in an orphanage, under the name of Anya. Having developed amnesia after falling off the train onto the platform, no memory of her past life remains, except for the key/locket to the music box. The head of the orphanage has deemed it time for Anya to go to work, and sends her off to work at a fish factory. Anya soon comes to a fork in the road, with one way leading to the town where the fish factory is, and the other leading to St. Petersburg. Unsure which way to go, Anya is surprised when a little puppy appears, and seems to lead her to St. Petersburg. Once there, she attempts to take a train to Paris, but is denied transit because she does not have an exit visa. A woman who hears this tells Anya to see a man named Dimitri, who she claims can help her. Anya is informed that Dimitri can be found near the now-abandoned Royal Palace, and soon enters. Once inside, she is overcome by various memories, as she enters the now-dusty grand ballroom. Suddenly, a voice rings out, and Anya finds herself face-to-face with Dimitri and Vlad. Looking at her, Dimitri feels that Anya would be perfect for his plans, and convinces Anya that he can help her get to Paris if she will accompany him and Vlad to see the Dowager Empress and see if she may really be the missing Anastasia Romanov. Naturally, Anya goes along with the plan, having no knowledge of who she really is. Meanwhile, in a little alcove of the ballroom, Bartok has been hiding, and notices that Rasputin's reliquary has started to glow. As he lays a hand on it, it suddenly rockets the little bat into 'limbo,' where Rasputin has been for 10 years. Since Anastasia survived, he was not able to die completely, and has been stuck in limbo as a rotting corpse. When Bartok presents him with the reliquary, Rasputin uses its powers to conjure minions to destroy Anastasia. Anya, Dimitri, and Vlad board a train headed to Paris, but end up having to hide in the baggage car when their passports' coloration is overheard to not match the proper color. Rasputin's minions also intend to derail the train, but our group manages to escape before it plunges into a canyon. They continue on foot, with Vlad telling of the Dowager Empress' first cousin, Sophie ( Bernadette Peters ), who questions anyone claiming to be Anastasia. Anya gets indignant that no one told her she had to prove she was Anastasia. Vlad convinces her that there's nothing for her back in Russia, and that Paris could hold something special. His words convince her, and they begin going over proper etiquette and Romanov history. Eventually, they take a ship from Germany to Paris, where both Dimitri and Anya perform a waltz, which seems to bring the two a bit closer together. That evening, Rasputin invades Anya's dream, and causes her to almost sleepwalk over the edge of the boat, until Dimitri saves her. After the two setbacks, Rasputin decides he will return to the living world and deal with Anastasia himself. Bartok reluctantly follows. Anya, Dimitri and Vlad eventually make it to Paris, unaware that the Dowager Empress has had enough of the various impostors claiming to be her granddaughter, and decides to forgo the search. Just moments after this decision, Anya and the others arrive at the Empress' mansion, and Sophie answers the door. Even though she has been privy to the Empress' wishes, she still questions Anya. Eventually, the questioning turns to just how Anastasia was able to escape from the Palace. Dmitri thinks that they will be found out, but is shocked when Anya explains that a young boy opened a secret passage for her and the Empress to escape through. Sophie explains that Anya appears to have answered all the questions correctly, but explains about Marie's wishes to not see anyone else. Vlad insists that Marie meet Anya, and Sophie hints that Marie will be attending a performance of the Russian Ballet that night. Sophie then takes the three of them shopping for new clothes. Later that evening, Dimitri takes Vlad aside, and explains that with the escape story that Anya told, he is sure that their intended impostor is the real Anastasia, telling Vlad that he was that boy in her story. However, their talk is interrupted as Anya arrives, and they go to their box in the Opera Hall. During the intermission, Dimitri and Anya go to the Empress' private box, where Sophie allows Dimitri to meet with the Empress. However, Marie explains that she's heard about Dmitri, and knows about his schemes to deceive her. Dimitri is thrown out, having failed to see that the door to the box was partially open, and Anya heard the entire conversation. Dimitri tries to explain who she really is, but she storms off and heads back to their residence. Dimitri waits until Marie leaves the Opera House, and then takes the place of her chauffeur, driving her to Anya's residence, and demanding Marie see her. Marie still refuses, until Dimitri produces the music box that she had given Anastasia long before (the music box was left behind after Marie and Anastasia escaped through the secret door). Marie then gives into Dimitri's wish, and talks to Anya. Anya explains that all she wants is to find where she belongs. As they talk, Anya shows Marie the locket she has, and when Marie produces the music box, Anya's memory fully returns, and Marie is overjoyed that she has found her granddaughter again. Marie eventually calls on Dimitri, presenting him with the reward, and her gratitude. Even so, Dimitri refuses the reward, but is glad to see that he has reunited Anastasia with her true family. As he leaves, he encounters Anastasia, and the two exchange few words, with Anastasia believing that Dimitri got his reward after all. Later on that evening, Marie and Anastasia are in attendance at a social function in Paris, in which Anastasia will be revealed to those in attendance. Marie explains that her granddaughter should be happy, but she seems somewhat distant. Marie knows that Anastasia secretly loves Dimitri, and explains to her that he did not take the reward. Marie goes out to join the festivities first, telling Anastasia that whatever path she chooses should make her happy. After Marie leaves, Anastasia is distracted by her puppy, which leads her out into the garden near the building. As she makes her way to a nearby bridge, Rasputin emerges from the fog, and attempts to kill her. However, Dimitri (having had second thoughts) returns to try and save Anastasia. In the process, Anastasia manages to get hold of Rasputin's reliquary, and destroy it, causing the 'mad monk' to finally be destroyed. In the aftermath, Anastasia and Dimitri confess their feelings for the other, and elope, with Anastasia choosing to forgo her royal heritage for love, much to the delight of her grandmother, who declares it a "perfect beginning" for the two young lovers. 
 Doctor Dolittle (1998)Summaries A doctor discovers that he can communicate with animals. Dr. John Dolittle has the world in his hands: A beautiful wife at his side, two adorable daughters and a career that could not go better. One night, he nearly runs over a dog with his car. The dog yells "bonehead" and disappears. From then on, his childhood ability is back: To communicate with animals. Unfortunately, the word of Dolittle's ability is spreading quickly. Soon, many animals from rat to horse flock to his place to get medical advice. But his colleagues suspect he's going mad, and as the clinic Dolittle used to work for is about to being taken over for a huge amount of money, many decisions have to be made. Believe him? Put him into a mental institution? Sell the clinic? But also his family is close to breaking apart. Until a circus tiger falls seriously ill. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 