nm0001506:

 Clash of the Titans (2010)431) Perseus, a demigod and the son of Zeus, battles the minions of Hades and the Underworld in order to stop them from conquering Olympus and Earth. Born of god but raised by humans, Perseus, the demigod son of mighty Zeus, the king of the gods, vows to take his revenge on Hades, the terrifying ruler of the Underworld, when he sees his mortal family perish. As the race of men summons up the courage to rebel against the gods of Olympus, the doomed city of Argos becomes a battlefield, as Hades threatens to unleash the legendary sea-monster, Kraken, unless the fair Princess Andromeda willingly offers herself as a sacrifice. Now, having nothing more to lose, Perseus embarks on a daring, peril-laden quest to stop the forces of evil before Hades plunges the world into chaos and darkness. But, to survive the relentless onslaught of demons and terrible adversaries, Perseus must first embrace his destiny. Will Perseus defy the gods, and save humankind in the clash of the Titans? Nick Riganas Princess Andromeda is the daughter of King Cepheus, who has gained a victory against the gods. The vengeful god of the underworld, Hades, demands that Andromeda is offered as a sacrifice or he will unleash the Kraken against Argos. A desperate King Cepheus asks demi-god Perseus to find a way to defeat the Kraken. Perseus accepts the challenge because Hades was responsible for his family's death. He discovers that the way to kill the Kraken lies with getting the head of the gorgon Medusa. Kad Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Clash of the Titans (2010) is set in the Greek city of Argos, where a war is about to explode between man and the gods. A narration introduces the three Olympians who battled the Titans long ago: the brothers Zeus ( Liam Neeson ), Poseidon ( Danny Huston ), and Hades ( Ralph Fiennes ). Hades provided the means of defeating the Titans with his creation, the Kraken. After the Titans' defeat, Zeus created humans and ruled them while Poseidon ruled the sea, but Hades, having been deceived by Zeus, was forced to rule the Underworld. Zeus and Poseidon gain power from the prayers of humans, but Hades learns another way: fear. A fisherman named Spyros ( Pete Postlethwaite ) finds a coffin adrift in the sea, discovering a baby, Perseus, and his dead mother, Dana ( Tine Stapelfeldt ), inside. Spyros decides to raise Perseus as his own. Years later, Perseus ( Sam Worthington ) and his family are fishing when they witness a group of soldiers from Argos destroying a statue of Zeus as a declaration of war against the gods. Hades appears and commands harpies to massacre the soldiers before he himself destroys Perseus's family's fishing boat. Perseus tries to save his family, but to no avail. The surviving soldiers take Perseus back to Argos. During a feast for the returning soldiers King Kepheus ( Vincent Regan ) and Queen Cassiopeia ( Polly Walker and Katherine Loeppky ) of Argos compare themselves and their daughter, Andromeda ( Alexa Davalos ), to the gods, much to their daughter's dismay. After convincing his brother to let him loose on humanity to punish Argos for its hubris, Hades appears in the courtroom before killing the remaining soldiers while Perseus is unaffected. Revealing Perseus to be the demigod son of Zeus, and aging Cassiopeia to death, Hades threatens that if Princess Andromeda is not sacrificed to the Kraken, Argos will be destroyed in 10 days. Hermes ( Alexander Siddig ), the messenger god, approaches Zeus on Olympus, revealing the location of his son Perseus. Hermes suggests offering Perseus sanctuary, but Zeus declares that he shall be left to his fate, along with the other infidel mortals. The king seeks the help of Perseus after he is placed in the dungeon. Perseus refuses until he meets Io ( Gemma Arterton ), a woman who does not age as punishment for refusing to be seduced by a god. Io reveals that Perseus' conception was a punishment conducted by Zeus on Acrisius ( Jason Flemyng ), the former king of Argos who was married to Dana, for his actions against the gods. When Acrisius set Dana and the baby Perseus adrift in their coffin, an enraged Zeus struck Acrisius with lightning, leaving him hideously disfigured. After learning that killing the Kraken would allow him to have his revenge against Hades, Perseus agrees to help. He and Argos' finest soldiers embark on a quest to find the Stygian Witches with a pair of Persian monster-hunters named Ixas ( Hans Matheson ) and Kucuk ( Mouloud Achour ), and Io following. To counter this turn of events, Hades enlists Acrisius, now called Calibos, to kill off Perseus. Hades imbues Calibos with superhuman powers. In the woods, Perseus and his men discover a sword forged in Olympus that will only display power if it is wielded by Perseus. While separated from the group, Perseus encounters Zeus' sacred herd of flying horses, the Pegasus. However, Perseus refuses both the sword and the pure-black Pegasus that the gods offer as assistance, as he does not wish to be a god. Calibos attacks the group and tries to murder Perseus, killing several soldiers in the process, but Calibos is unsuccessful, losing his hand before escaping. However, Calibos's blood forms giant scorpions from the sand that attack Perseus and his group. Though they kill several scorpions, most of the group are slain, and the survivors are surrounded by more of the monsters. They are saved by the Djinn, a band of once-human desert sorcerers who have replaced their earthly flesh with ash and dark magic. The mysterious beings are able to hypnotize the scorpions into submission. Though not trusted prior to healing Perseus's wound, the Djinn leader, Sheikh Suleiman ( Ian Whyte ), joins Perseus's group. The Djinn want to see the gods' wish for destruction fail. The heroes arrive at Garden of Stygia, learning from the Stygian Witches that the head of the Gorgon Medusa ( Natalia Vodianova ) could kill the Kraken, but that Perseus and his group will die in the process. After leaving the witches, with the hunters taking their leave, Perseus is visited by Zeus who offers him asylum on Mount Olympus, but he refuses. Zeus gives him instead a golden drachma, which Perseus later learns is a means to bribe Charon for passage into the Underworld. While Io remains outside Medusa's lair, due to a spell that forbids any woman from entering the area, Perseus' remaining soldiers fight hard to stay alive but are turned to stone one by one by her gaze. But with Suleiman self-destructing and Draco's sacrifice, Perseus manages to behead Medusa and her stumbling body falls into a fire. Perseus emerges in time to see Calibos kill Io by stabbing her from behind. Perseus engages Calibos in combat and kills him using the sword from Olympus, turning him back into Acrisius in human form. With his final breath as Hades's power leaves him, Acrisius tells Perseus to never become a god. Perseus stays with the dying Io until she passes on, then rides Pegasus back to Argos with Medusa's head to find some of Argos' citizens have formed a cult of Hades and are planning to sacrifice Andromeda to the Kraken against the king's wishes. By then, Hades reveals to Zeus the destruction of Argos will give him enough power to overthrow the other Olympians before leaving his powerless brother to ensure his victory. Perseus returns to Argos, but Hades sends his harpies to stop him. Perseus defeats the creatures sent by Hades and uses the head of Medusa to turn the Kraken into stone as Kepheus is killed by the cult leader, who is then crushed under the shattering Kraken. Hades appears and sneers that Perseus cannot kill him, since he is a god. Perseus retorts that while Hades can live forever, it will not be in the world of men and uses the sword to banish Hades back to the Underworld. Because Perseus has saved Argos from destruction, Andromeda suggests that Perseus become king and rule Argos at her side, but he declines. Zeus appears before Perseus again and offers to make him a god, but for a second time he refuses. Zeus warns Perseus that Hades will return to rule the world in darkness when he amasses enough fear from mankind. Since Perseus is intent on staying on Earth, Zeus resurrects Io, and the two embrace while Pegasus flies above them. 
 Color of Night (1994)321) A color-blind psychiatrist Bill Capa is stalked by an unknown killer after taking over his murdered friend's therapy group, all of whom have a connection to a mysterious young woman that Capa begins having intense sexual encounters with. Psychologist Bill Capa gives up his practise when he unintentionally pushes a patient to commit suicide. In an effort to come to terms with this tragedy he visits an old colleague, Bob Moore, who is subsequently murdered. The quest to catch the killer centres around a group of Moore's psychologically disturbed patients, however equally as important is an affair which develops between Capa and the mysterious Rose. Drew McCormack <dam@ariel.ucs.unimelb.edu.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bill Capa ( Bruce Willis ) is psychoanalyst to the rich and unhinged in New York City. One day, Michelle ( Kathleen Wilhoite ), one of his most disturbed patients, arrives to her therapy session in a particularly fragile state of mind. Bill seems to make light of her problems, and when he flippantly tells her to "look in the mirror," and starts making a phone call in the middle of their session, she reacts by jumping out of the window of his office and falling to her death. The sight of Michelle's blood pooling, dark red around her bright green dress, causes Capa to suffer from stress-induced color blindness. He loses the ability to see the color red. The title of the film refers to the fact that, instead of red, he sees only shades of gray. His friend and mentor, Dr. Larry Ashland ( Jeff Corey ), urges Bill to forgive himself for his patient's death. Bill tells Larry that he's going to take some time off to visit an old college buddy in California and see if that helps give him a fresh start. Upon arriving in Los Angeles, Bill's friend, fellow therapist and best-selling author Dr. Bob Moore ( Scott Bakula ) invites him to join his Monday evening group therapy session. A bit reluctantly, Bill accepts, and meets the members of the group. Clark ( Brad Dourif ) suffers from obsessive compulsive disorder and insists on cleanliness and counting things. Sondra ( Lesley Ann Warren ) is a nymphomaniac and a kleptomaniac with a habit of marrying wealthy older men who die. Buck ( Lance Henriksen ) is a salty ex-cop who suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder after surviving the brutal murder of his wife and daughter. Casey ( Kevin J. O'Connor ) is a sado-masochist whose wealthy, abusive father subsidizes his artistic lifestyle on condition that he remain in therapy. Richie Dexter is a sixteen-year-old boy with a stutter and a gender identity problem, who has had run-ins with the law for drugs. The patients tease each other playfully, exhibiting an easy rapport, and yet the tension generated by some of their interactions hints at a dark side in each of them. After the session, Bob drives Bill to his luxurious Malibu home in his Mercedes convertible. The house is heavily protected by all sorts of electronic devices, because Bob has had some anonymous death threats, which he believes come from someone in the Monday group Bill just met. Bob quizzes Bill about his impressions of his patients-- he had hoped Bill could use his "tuning fork," a special intuitive sense he has for diagnosing mental illness, to determine which of them might be capable of murder. Bill wonders what Buck might be hiding and singles out Richie as a "genuine nut-case," but didn't detect a murderous vibe emanating from anyone. A couple of days later, Moore is stabbed to death in his office by a masked figure in black. Police Detective Lieutenant Hector Martinez ( Rubn Blades ) suspects one of the patients of the Monday group to be the killer and he asks Capa to inform the group of Moore's death. Capa doesn't want to get involved but agrees to break the news because he can do it with more sensitivity and tact than Martinez would use. The next day, as Bill is driving Moore's car, he gets rear-ended by a pretty young girl in a jeep. She introduces herself as Rose ( Jane March ). As Rose has no driver's insurance, Bill gives her his phone number and address so they can settle the matter later. Next Monday evening, Bill tells the group about Bob's death. They're shocked and devastated, and ask Bill if he'd be willing to take over the Monday evening sessions because they feel comfortable with him, especially after he shares his own recent, tragic experience. Martinez debriefs Capa about the last Monday night session. Since no one confessed to Bob's murder, Martinez orders Capa to shut the group down. Capa refuses, as he's just made both a personal and professional commitment to lead the group. Martinez rages at Capa but can't persuade him to abandon the group. He then reveals that he wired Bob's office and listened in on the last session. Capa returns to Bob's place to find that someone has broken in and left a hose running inside of the house, flooding the grounds. A couple of days later, Rose comes to Moore's house and, feeling a budding attraction, Capa takes her to a restaurant. After dinner, on the sidewalk near the restaurant, they kiss, but Rose leaves abruptly in a taxi, without even giving her phone number to Capa. Dale Dexter ( Andrew Lowery ), Richie's older brother and legal guardian, asks Bill for permission to take Richie out of therapy. Bill reminds Dale that, psychological issues aside, Richie was sentenced by the court to mandatory treatment-- Bill says that he will need to study Richie's file and deal with legal red tape before he can make that kind of decision. One morning while he is out jogging, Bill finds a live rattlesnake in his mailbox. Fortunately for him, he gets rid of it without being bitten. Martinez comes by and demands more answers, insinuating that Bill is now a suspect. Rose shows up shortly afterwards and since it's their second date, they immediately have sex, first in the swimming-pool, and then in Moore's fancy bedroom (and a few more places in the director's cut). Bill inquires within the social welfare system about Richie, and discovers that, when Richie was twelve, he was treated by a psychiatrist named Dr. Niedelmeyer. Meanwhile, we see Sondra return home after a shopping spree with her girlfriend Bonnie. Bonnie, who speaks with an english accent and flirts aggressively with Sondra, turns out to be Rose, Capa's lover, in a red wig and heavy make-up. Bonnie / Rose pitches a fit when Sondra tells her that Capa's on his way, then kisses Sondra on the mouth and rushes past Capa to make a quick exit. Sondra reveals to Capa that Richie was molested as a child but becomes incensed when he asks her if Richie might be violent. She screams that Clark is the one Capa should investigate. After Capa leaves, Sondra has sex with her personal trainer, a beautiful young male. Bill goes to Dale's workshop. Dale is a successful sculptor and furniture designer. The workshop itself is an old, disused iron factory that boasts a tower several storeys high. Bill tells Dale that he thinks it is a bit premature to take Richie out of therapy, which clearly doesn't sit well with Dale. Bill pays a visit to Edith Niedelmeyer ( Shirley Knight ), Dr. Niedelmeyer's widow, but, when he mentions Richie, she slams her door in his face. Another Monday rolls around. Bill asks the group about their current intimate relationships. Sondra tells the group about Bonnie, whom she wishes "was a guy," Casey mentions his beautiful new model, Buck describes the sweet and innocent young woman he has met. Richie says that he only has his brother. Clark, baited by Sondra, has a meltdown in group during which he admits that he, too, has a new "somebody" in his life. Bill checks on Clark who tells him more about this perfect new girlfriend of his. Bill guesses that Clark has been seeing Sondra, and Clark goes on to say that Sondra was so jealous of his girlfriend that she attacked Clark with a butcher knife and then came back the next day and hacked his girlfriend's dress to ribbons. Clark states that Sondra is dangerous. After leaving Clark, Bill is driving around Los Angeles when a mysterious red Camaro with tinted windows gives chase. After his car gets hit several times by the red car, he finally manages to lose it at a railroad crossing. Bill visits Martinez at his birthday party. Martinez informs Bill that Sondra stabbed her father with a knife and fork, Casey set his father's house on fire, Clark beat his wife so badly she wound up in intensive care and Richie has a history of drug abuse. Martinez claims that he couldn't find anything on Buck, so Bill swings by Buck's place after the party and discovers that his wife and small daughter died in a car-jacking, which Buck believes might've been "payback for something." When Bill gets back to Bob's house, he's frightened to see that someone's broken in again. He creeps around cautiously until he encounters Rose in the kitchen. She explains that she stole one of the house keys last time she was there. Bill yells at Rose that she doesn't seem to appreciate the gravity of the situation, but feels bad when she breaks down in tears. They eat and then have sex again. The next morning, Bill learns from Detective Anderson ( Eriq La Salle ), one of Martinez's deputies, that Buck discovered that his wife was cheating on him with Martinez two days before she died; that as veteran narcotics agents, both men had a lot of enemies on the street, and that anyone could have ordered a hit on Buck's wife, including Martinez or Buck himself. Bill has an appointment to meet Casey at his loft, but just before Bill arrives, Casey is strangled and bled to death. Bill breaks into Casey's loft when no one answers the bell. He finds the corpse and also some paintings burning in the fireplace. A face on one of the half-burnt paintings looks a bit like Bonnie. Bill belatedly notices that the puddle of grey paint soaking his jeans is actually Casey's blood. Meanwhile, Rose (in her Bonnie persona) is out for the evening with Sondra. At Sondra's house, they dance to some music and then spy Sondra's neighbors having sex. This excites the two women and they undress and make out with each other. But Rose / Bonnie stops before it goes any further, sobbing to Sondra that she's "jinxed." Sondra comforts Rose / Bonnie and tells her that she finds her beautiful without the red wig, which she removes. On another Monday afternoon, Rose appears at Bob's place. She and Bill start looking at Bob's photo albums. Rose abruptly decides that she doesn't want to see any more photos and lures Bill outside to sunbathe in the garden. Later, thinking Bill's in the shower, Rose hurries to remove some pictures from the photo album, but Bill sees her. She runs out of the house and drives away in her car. Bill drives after her, but loses her. Later that evening, it's time for the Monday group session. Clark, performing his usual counting ritual, notices that one book, which was missing a week before, is now back in place. Bill guesses that kleptomaniac Sondra stole it, and asks her to show him the book. Actually it is Moore's diary hidden inside an art book cover. In the diary, Bill finds a photo Bob snapped of Rose naked. Everyone in the group recognizes the woman in the photo as being his or her own girlfriend. Richie looks at the picture and leaves the room. Martinez arrives and berates everyone in the group for being idiots. Bill gives Detective Anderson the license number of Rose's car and asks him to find the owner of the car. Detective Anderson gives the name of the owner of Rose's car to his boss, Lieutenant Martinez. As Bill walks near a parking structure, the red car with the tinted windows pushes another car from the top of the structure, and the falling car misses Bill by a few inches. Bill consults once more with his friend Larry, who questions the wisdom of pursuing a serious relationship with a woman who at best suffers from a multiple personality disorder and could also quite possibly have killed his good friend (and her former lover) Bob Moore, as well as Casey. Bill maintains that he wants to continue to see young Rose. Bill knocks on Mrs. Niedelmeyer's door again and this time when she slams it in his face, he busts it down, demanding answers. Mrs. Niedelmeyer reluctantly tells Bill that Richie Dexter killed himself four years ago, because her husband, Richie's psychiatrist, molested him. Bill rushes to Dale's workshop, where he finds Richie sitting in a chair, bloodied and agitated. He takes off Richie's wig and glasses, and (as everyone expected) is it Rose. She explains that after Richie's suicide, her brother Dale forced her to dress and act like Richie, and if she resisted, he would beat and molest her. After "Richie" developed a bad drug problem that got him busted, s/he had to go to the therapy group. She started to feel she wanted to be a girl again, but she didn't dare, at first, to be Rose, so she was Bonnie. She started to be Rose again when she fell in love with Bill. When Bill tries to get Rose to leave with him, he discovers that her hands have been nailed to the arm-rests of the chair by Dale. He pries the nails up and frees Rose, but Dale comes back and starts shooting at them with his nail-gun. He nails Bill's arm to the wall and is about to kill him when Lt. Martinez appears and points his gun at him. Dale is faster than Martinez and while Martinez is bragging about his detective skills, he nails both of Martinez's hands to the wall. Bill and Rose run away, but Dale, using a forklift, dumps a cabinet on Bill, who pushes Rose out of the way. Rose escapes, but Dale catches Bill and ties him inside a metal cage. Bill touches a nerve in Dale when he uses his "tuning fork" to figure out that Dale's obsession with turning Rose into Richie must stem from his guilt over having allowed Niedelmeyer to treat Richie, knowing that Niedelmeyer was a sexual predator due to the fact that Niedelmeyer had previously molested Dale himself. Dale explains to the captive Bill that he killed Moore because Moore was beginning to understand who Richie really was. And he killed Casey because Casey, with his painter's eyes, would eventually perceive that "Bonnie" and "Richie" were the same person. Dale announces his plan to cut Bill into little pieces, but Rose aims the nail-gun at him and kills him with a nail to the head. Stricken with grief after killing her brother, Rose aims the nail gun at her own head and pulls the trigger-- fortunately, it's out of nails. She runs up the tower in the pouring rain, Bill clambering up after her. When she reaches the platform at the top, she wants to throw herself from it, but Bill catches her and puts her back on the platform, where they start kissing passionately. There is a red beacon flashing in the background and suddenly, Bill can see the real red color of the beacon: he has been cured of his color-blindness by love! In the final shot, Bill and Rose continue to kiss on the platform in the pouring rain while Martinez's voice manages to reach them loud and clear despite the fact that they're five storeys up in a torrential rainstorm-- he pleads for them to come back downstairs and "Get me out of heeeeeeerrrrre!!!" 
 Blood of Beasts (2005)Summaries Freya is the clan princess, pursued by Sven who wants only to become king after King Thorsson dies. Freya prefers Agnar, who was lost with a boatload of clansmen on a raid. The old king longs for one more grand adventure and takes a group to an island two days journey away. The island is cursed, being the realm of a great and brutal Beast - said to be protected by Odin. The King discovers that this is where Agnar and the others met their deaths. When the Beast attacks, most are quickly killed. The frail King is locked in battle with the Beast, and cowardly Sven runs away under the guise of helping a wounded Eric, leaving the King to die. Back in the village, Sven proclaims himself King and demands Freya wed him on the next full moon. Eric tells Freya the truth - that her Father might still be alive - and she sets out to free him, accompanied only be her friend Ingrid. They encounter the Beast and Freya exchanges herself for her wounded Father. Freya is left alone on the cursed island with the Beast and discovers all is not what it seems. Manthrax A medieval tale. Freya is the beautiful daughter of King Thorsson, who must undertake a deadly battle when her father and fianc are captured by a tormented monster - a man with the body of a beast, cursed by Odin and cast out by his people. Struggling to control the raging monster within, the Beast clings to the honor that he had as a man and battles with Freya for his redemption. Manthrax Timeless tale of Beauty and the Beast set in the period of the Vikings. Freya, a warrior and the beautiful daughter of a Viking king, is held prisoner on an island castle by a Beast whom has been cursed by his god Oden. by? me It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Lover (1992)431) In 1929 French Indochina, a French teenage girl embarks on a reckless and forbidden romance with a wealthy, older Chinese man, each knowing that knowledge of their affair will bring drastic consequences to each other. It is French Colonial Vietnam in 1929. A young French girl from a family that is having some monetary difficulties is returning to boarding school. She is alone on public transportation when she catches the eye of a wealthy Chinese businessman. He offers her a ride into town in the back of his chauffeured sedan, and sparks fly. Can the torrid affair that ensues between them overcome the class restrictions and social mores of that time? Based on the semi-autobiographical novel by Marguerite Duras. Cal Lott <cal.lott@gsb.uchicago.edu> An elderly French authoress, while writing her memoirs, is narrating the story of her first love. The year of that story is 1929, the place southern Indochina. Her mother and her two brothers lived in the house that came with the mother's poor paying teaching job, while she, across the Mekong River, lived in a boarding school dormitory in Saigon. The girl had an uneasy relationship with her family, largely because of her mother's inexplicable favoritism of her eldest brother, who was selfish, egotistical and thieving. The girl and her younger timid brother secretly wished he was dead. That year, she began a relationship with a Chinaman, who she met on the Mekong River ferry. He was western educated in Paris, came from a wealthy family and as such money was no issue for him, and had never worked a day in his life. They entered into their sexual relationship nervously if only because of the taboo associated with a relationship between races, and people of their respective ages (she telling him that she was eighteen, he telling her he was thirty-two). As time progressed, they were more open to the world at least about having a relationship. Her family disapproved of what they knew she was doing, while still savoring the Chinaman's showering of money at them. They talked openly to each other about their non-existent future, as she could never marry a Chinaman, and he was already betrothed to a woman from a wealthy family, she who he would not even meet until the wedding ceremony. But both began to think that there was the possibility of a future "them", driven by their passion and desire. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. One cannot speak of "the plot" of the film in the usual sense, since it is the autobiographical story of Duras. As such, the story is driven by the remembrances of the events in her life, rather than a formally constructed story. The story illuminates one and one-half years in the life of the adolescent Duras (Jane March), as they are recalled by the seventy-year-old writer. The film is also about life in South Vietnam, under French colonial rule. But it is also an example of this life turned upside down, as the girl is white and poor, while the man is Chinese and rich. The film opens in the present day (circa 1980) with Jeanne Moreau's voice-over as the elderly Duras reading the opening paragraphs of the novel. This is immediately followed by a flashback to an afternoon in 1929, on the Mekong River shore. On that particular day, the fifteen and one-half year old girl was returning to Saigon, as was the twenty-eight-year-old rich "Chinaman" (Tony Leung Ka Fai). They arrive at the Mekong ferry crossing, she in a public bus, and he in his black Morris Leon-Bollet limousine. The girl wears an old sleeveless silk dress, gold-spangled high-heels, and a man's pink fedora decorated with a black ribbon. She wears her hair in pigtails and her lips are painted with a brilliant red lipstick: this is a striking resemblance to the photographs of the young Duras, who wanted to be a woman before her time. The young man, impeccably dressed in a white cotton suit, emerges from his limousine and approaches the girl. At this point, we view the preceding night, at the girl's familial house in Sa Dec. We are introduced to the poisonous atmosphere which permeates it, and meet her older brother, the family tyrant (Arnaud Giovaninetti), her weak younger brother (Melvil Poupaud), and her listless mother (Frederique Meininger). We return to the ferry, where the Chinaman offers the girl a lift to Saigon. She accepts his offer of a ride to town, and in so doing, embarks on a lengthy, forbidden love affair. Each of the following days, the Chinaman arrives in his black limousine at the girl's lyce, where she attends class, and drives her to the boarding house, where she eats and sleeps. Soon, one afternoon, he picks her up at the boarding house and they drive instead to his garconnire in Cholon, the Chinese quarter of Saigon. The garconnire is a bachelor apartment provided for him by his father. It is there that the pair have their first sexual encounter. During the ensuing eighteen months, the couple meet countless times in the garconnire. In the course of the film, we are shown three such encounters, each for different reasons. The situation the lovers find themselves in is truly romantic and tragic. In the colonial society, it is totally out of the question for her, a white girl, to marry a Chinese man. The Chinese tradition forbids him to marry just anybody, especially a white girl. His wife will be chosen by his father (Xiem Mang), for social/financial reasons. Besides, following their first sexual encounter, he says that since she is no longer a virgin, he can no longer accept her as his wife. This is all right with her, she answers, since he is Chinese and, "[...], I don't particularly like the Chinese much." Therefore, they know that their love affair is doomed from the beginning, but they pursue it nevertheless to its cruel and inevitable conclusion. Eventually, the girl wants to show her "prize" to her family, and satisfy the family's curiosity. She arranges a dinner in town for her family to meet her lover. The result is an unmitigated disaster. The mother and the two brothers gorge themselves on food, get drunk, and never speak to the Chinaman, except for her older brother, who insults him and tries to provoke a fight. Following the dinner, the group goes dancing. The young brother and the girl dance together, alluding to the peculiar, somewhat incestuous relationship which exists between them, and awaken the jealousy of the Chinaman. This later leads to a violent scene between the girl and the Chinaman, back at the garconnire. Since the Chinaman is generous, the family pretends not to think about the relationship which likely exists between him and the girl. Deep inside, however, the mother is revolted by her daughter's relationship with the Chinaman, and she has several violent scenes with the girl, exacerbated by her oldest son's vicious interference. The Chinaman marries the young (sixteen years old), rich Chinese girl who his father chose for him, in a beautifully elaborate Chinese ceremony. The wedding proceeds in very festive mood, in sharp contrast to the Chinaman's demeanor, and the girl watches, impassive. A few days after the wedding, the girl leaves for France. She leans on the rail, dressed in the same clothes she wore on the first ferry ride. As her boat departs, she sees for the last time the long, black auto on the pier, and feels his gaze upon her. Many years later, the Chinaman comes to Paris with his wife. He calls her on the telephone and, as she says, "[...] told her that it was as before, that he still loved her, he could never stop loving her, that he'd love her until death." So ends this beautiful and tragic love story. In a "Hollywood" movie, the lovers could have eloped and lived "happy ever after," but this is real life, with its somehow inescapable rules. 