nm0011686:

 Out There (1995 TV Movie)Summaries A Pulitzer Prize winning photographer named Mosley gets kicked off his job by his boss (Bobcat Goldthwait) for not taking sensational pictures consistently. He finds an old camera in a pack-rat's yard sale, which he later finds has some undeveloped film in it. He develops it, sees proof of aliens abducting a man, and tries to ask different people, including the Air Force, newspaper, a UFO freak, and finally a tabloid to help him. The tabloid publishes his story in a way that makes fun of him. He heads to the tabloid office to confront the president, gets in a fight, and tossed in jail, where he meets yet another UFO freak (Billy Bob Thornton). He gets bailed out (just in time!) by a beautiful young woman named Paige whose father was in the pictures being abducted, and has disappeared ever since... Stephen Dickson <sdickson@bigfoot.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ripper Man (1995)Summaries An ex-cop turned hypnotist (Norris) battles a mysterious stranger (Bottoms) who believes himself to be the reincarnation of Jack the Ripper. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Munchie Strikes Back (1994)Summaries The magical Munchie is back, and if he gets in any more trouble it's off to the dullest constellation in the galaxy. Staying out of trouble has never been easy for Munchie, but this time he gives it his best shot. He is sent to earth and finds himself in the company of the McClelland family. As he proves himself, he becomes mixed up in the family's many problems. Munchie does his best to fulfill his duty on Earth, but not without getting involved in a little mischief. Concorde - New Horizons (with permission). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Clueless (19961999)Summaries A follow-up to the blockbuster movie of the same name, following the rich teenager Cher and her friends as they attend high school in Beverly Hills. A television series based on the popular movie of the same name. Many of the actors from the movie appear in the television series, including Dionne, Mr. Hall, Miss Giest, Amber, and Murray. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 