nm0005024:

 Crash (I) (2004)541) Los Angeles citizens with vastly separate lives collide in interweaving stories of race, loss and redemption. Over a thirty-six hour period in Los Angeles, a handful of disparate people's lives intertwine as they deal with the tense race relations that belie life in the city. Among the players are: the Caucasian district attorney, who uses race as a political card; his Caucasian wife, who, having recently been carjacked by two black men, believes that her stereotypical views of non-whites is justified and cannot be considered racism; the two black carjackers who use their race both to their advantage and as an excuse; partnered Caucasian police constables, one who is a racist and uses his authority to harass non-whites, and the other who hates his partner because of those racist views, but who may have the same underlying values in his subconscious; a black film director and his black wife, who believes her husband doesn't support their black background enough, especially in light of an incident with the racist white cop; partnered police detectives and sometimes lovers, one Hispanic female and the other black male, the latter who is dealing with a drugged out mother that feels he isn't concerned enough about taking care of family; an East Asian man who is run over but who is hiding some valuable cargo in the back of his van; a Persian store owner, who feels he isn't getting satisfaction from American society when his store is robbed time and time again; and a Hispanic locksmith, who just wants to keep his family, especially his young daughter, safe in a seemingly unsafe world. Huggo Against the backdrop of bustling Los Angeles, a vivid tapestry of multifaceted people, coming from both sides of the tracks, unfolds. Detective Graham, and his partner Ria, investigate a potentially racially motivated crime, and Farhad, a desperate Persian shop owner, seeks protection in all the wrong places. Elsewhere in the city, District Attorney Rick and his wife, Jean, fall prey to a pair of carjackers linked, somehow, to Park, a Korean man. Then, prejudice affects Daniel Ruiz, a Hispanic locksmith, and bigoted veteran police officer, Sergeant Ryan, locks horns with his rookie partner, Officer Hanson, after crossing paths with TV director, Flanagan, and his wife, Christine. And, as racism, hostility, hatred, and fear become inextricably intertwined with the lives of everyone involved, over the next 36 long hours, they are bound to crash into each other. Nick Riganas Several stories interweave during two days in Los Angeles involving a collection of inter-related characters, a police detective with a drugged out mother and a thieving younger brother, two car thieves who are constantly theorizing on society and race, the white district attorney and his irritated and pampered wife, a racist white veteran cop (caring for a sick father at home) who disgusts his more idealistic younger partner, a successful Hollywood director and his wife who must deal with the racist cop, a Persian-immigrant father who buys a gun to protect his shop, a Hispanic locksmith and his young daughter who is afraid of bullets, and more. Martin Lewison <dr@martinlewison.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A black man, Detective Graham Waters, speaks dazedly about the nature of Los Angeles and the need for people to crash into each other. A Latino woman in the driver's seat of the car, Ria, mentions they were hit from behind and spun around. She gets out of the car and goes to the cop and the other driver, an Asian woman. The two women blame each other for the mishap and make racial jibes. The Latina identifies herself as a detective. Waters gets out walks toward more police cars and a crime scene. Another cop mentions they have a body. An intense stare crosses Waters' face as he looks at something. The scene flashes back to "Yesterday." At a gun shop a Persian man Farhad and his daughter Dorri are buying a handgun. The shop owner gets upset with the Persians speaking Farsi and the two men quickly begin exchanging angry insults. Farhad leaves fuming and Dorri tells the shop owner that she'll either take the gun or take their money back, stating that she hopes she gets the money back. She also selects a red box of free bullets as she takes the gun, despite the owner making a cryptic remark about the type of bullets she's chosen. Two young black men, Anthony and Peter, leave a restaurant. Anthony claims they were victims of racism and poor service, Peter laughs it off. Jean and Rick Cabot, a white couple, walk down the sidewalk. Jean notices the two black men, averts her gaze and clutches Rick's arm. Anthony takes it as a racial slight, but then the two young men suddenly draw handguns and carjack the Cabots' black Lincoln Navigator. Peter places a St. Christopher statue on the dashboard over Anthony's objections. Detective Waters and his partner Ria arrive at a crime scene. A uniformed cop tells them there was shooting between two drivers. The surviving white man is identified as an undercover cop named Conklin. The dead driver in a Mercedes is also a cop, a black man named Lewis. The investigators are unsure who started the shooting in the road rage incident. At the Cabots' house Jean is still upset, and even though a locksmith is already changing the door locks. Seeing that the smith has several tattoos and is Latino, she angrily tells her husband she wants the job done again the next day. Jean loudly claims the locksmith will sell the keys and they will be robbed again. The locksmith, Daniel, overhears and leaves two sets of keys on the kitchen counter as he leaves. Rick is running for District Attorney re-election and wonders how to use the car jacking to an electoral advantage while talking to his assistants. In a diner two Asian men talk about pickup of items. Nearby LAPD Officer John Ryan phones an HMO Adminstrator about his father's medical ailment, the administrator seems sympathetic but remains bureaucratic. When she mentions her name is Shaniqua, Ryan makes an angry comment and she hangs up. As he leaves the police station, a white van driven by the Asian man from the diner passes in front of Ryan. Ryan and his partner Officer Tom Hansen patrol and notice a black Navigator. Ryan follows but Hansen states it is not the same plates as the report. As they close up behind the SUV Ryans shines a light into the vehicle causing a woman to raise her head and look back. Ryan turns on the lightbar and pulls over the truck. The cops ask the well dressed black couple inside, Cameron, a movie director, and his wife, Christine Thayer, to get out. Cameron is overly polite and deferential, saying they are close to their home, Christine is slightly drunk and taunts the police. Ryan is angry and makes a point of slowly physically searching the woman, who is wearing a revealing cocktail dress. Hansen realizes his partner is out of line, Cameron remains quiet as his wife is groped. The cops finally let the Thayers go. Farhad is a shop owner himself. His wife Shirin complains the door doesn't close properly. Dorri loads the pistol and puts it in a drawer at the counter for easy access. At their home, Christine Thayer rips into Cameron for not standing up to the cops. Cameron attempts to rationalize why he didn't do anything as they erupt in a bitter argument. At his home Daniel talks to his 5-year-old daughter hiding under her bed. She is still afraid of bullets from the bad neighborhood they recently moved away from. To protect her from bullets, he gives her an invisible cloak, then lovingly puts her to sleep. He gets a page and goes out on another locksmith job. In the SUV, Anthony and Peter continue to discuss race and country music. As the two joke and talk, they pass a white van with the side door open, feel a thump and realize they hit something. Getting out they find an Asian man stuck under the vehicle. After discussing what to do with the "Chinaman," they roughly pull him out. Hansen talks to Lt. Dixon about changing partners. The lieutenant, a black man, tells Hansen that claiming Ryan is a racist will make the lieutenant look like a bad manager. If Hansen wants to change, he has to claim to have a flatulence problem himself and needs to ride alone. The two young men in the hijacked SUV drop the injured man in front of a hospital emergency room. Daniel replaces the lock but tells Farhad the door needs to be replaced. Farhad, who can't speak English very well, expects Daniel to fix the door, thinks the locksmith is cheating him, and argues about the bill. Disgusted, Daniel just tears up the bill and leaves. At a chop shop, the owner Lucien tells Anthony and Peter he can't buy the Navigator parts because of the blood stains, claiming that he'll wind up on the Discovery Channel after the police perform forensics tests. Graham and Ria are having sex when the phone rings. Ria is upset that Graham stops to answer it; it's his mother, asking where Graham's younger brother is and why he hasn't found him yet, knowing he's a criminal but denying he's a bad person. Annoyed by his mother's call, Graham tells her he's having sex with a white woman to anger her. Ria is insulted and upset that Graham treats his mother so poorly and informs him that she's both Puerto Rican and El Salvadorian. Graham hurls an insult and she storms out. Farhad returns and finds his shop trashed and covered with anti-Arab graffiti. He is devastated. Anthony and Peter walk and continue to discuss black people. Jean Cabot is angry her Mexican maid Maria hasn't emptied the dishwasher. Anthony refuses to take a bus, saying it is degrading, and claims he will never steal from another black. Ryan goes to see Shaniqua in person. Initially apologetic, he tries to explain his father's HMO doctor is incompetent and he wants a second opinion, but Shaniqua says it wouldn't be covered by the plan. Ryan gets upset and says his father was a victim of affirmative action and that she, as its beneficiary, should help him. Shaniqua is not impressed, and calls security to kick Ryan out. Shirin attempts to clean the graffiti at the vandalized shop dismayed that the haters didn't even know they were Persian rather than Arab. Graham goes to visit his mother. She lives in a small apartment and seems slightly daft, worried about the younger brother who has run away and been missing. Graham again promises to find him. Before leaving, he notices a bottle of sour milk in the fridge. Outside, Ria tells him Internal Affairs found something in the Mercedes. In the studio a white producer tells Cameron the black character in a scene didn't speak with enough ebonics. He's supposed to be "stupid" and doesn't talk ebonics enough to sound stupid. Cameron thinks the man is joking but it is made clear they have to reshoot the scene. The racial bigotry confronting Cameron is starting to overwhelm him. Christine arrives at the studio and tries to talk to Cameron about the previous evening; she concedes that he might have saved their lives, but he tells her to go home and leaves angrily. Christine is left in tears. An insurance man tells the Iranians they aren't covered for the vandalism because the door wasn't fixed - exactly as the locksmith had said. Farhad therefore blames Daniel and tries to find out his name to exact revenge. The Lock company receptionist refuses to give it and hangs up on him. Going out on shift, Ryan sees Hansen and wishes him well. He also prophetically warns Hansen that he may not know himself as well as he thinks he does. Ryan then cheerfully calls out to his new partner, Gomez, Hansen gets into a police unit by himself, and the dispatcher makes a fart joke. Ria and Graham go to the impound yard and are shown a spare tire in the Mercedes' trunk with $300,000 hidden inside. Farhad finds out Daniel's name using the crumpled up lock workorder. Arriving at an accident scene Ryan runs to a rolled car, someone is trapped inside. It is Christine Thayer and already scared, she becomes distraught when she recognizes Ryan, and refuses his help. Ryan insists harshly that he won't hurt her and tries to free her as there is spilled gas and a burning wreck nearby. The fire races toward the inverted car, other cops pull Ryan out as the car catches fire. He breaks free of his colleagues' grip and goes back into the car and cuts Christine free of her seat belt, pulling her out just before the vehicle explodes in a fireball. Christine is taken away badly shaken as she looks back at now heroic John Ryan. Flanagan, Rick Cabot's campaign manager, talks to Graham. He says they know the white cop has a history of shooting black men and Cabot wants to go public blaming Conklin for the shooting. Graham suggests the black cop was up to something suspicious. Flanagan brings up details about Graham's missing brother and some criminal charges against him which could be dropped He also hints at a good job with Cabot if Graham agrees with the story to blame the white cop. Graham reluctantly agrees and Cabot immediately announces the lie to the press. Driving alone his black Navigator, distraught from all the happenings, Cameron comes to a stop sign. Suddenly Anthony and Peter appear with guns drawn to carjack him. They are surprised he is black. This time, Cameron fights back and gets the gun away from Anthony, starts kicking him on the ground. Peter points his gun, threatening to shoot Cameron but he can't. A police car sees the scuffle from a distance and starts toward them. Peter runs off and Anthony and Cameron get in the SUV and drive off. After a short chase, two police cars corner the Lincoln. Anthony shrinks down in the passenger seat, afraid to get out, but Cameron does get out and confronts the police. Hansen is one of the responding officers and recognizes him; he tells the other cops the man is a friend, convincing them to back off and lower their pistols. Hansen, with the previous injustice clearly on his mind, is able to g. Finally the two are let go. Cameron gives Anthony his gun back and tells him he is an embarrassment as he drops him off. Farhad confronts Daniel in the driveway, pointing his gun at him and demanding money to repair the ruined store. Daniel tries to calm him down when his daughter runs out to protect him with her "invisible cloak." As she jumps into her father's arms, Farhad fires a shot from close range. Daniel screams in agony, holding his daughter, as Farhad stands stunned on the sidewalk. Daniel checks the girl and finds no blood. She is all right. Stunned and surprised he brings her inside leaving a bewildered Farhad in the street. Graham returns to the mother's place with fresh groceries. He places them in the fridge as she sleeps unaware. Jean Cabot talks on the phone to a friend, saying she doesn't understand why she is angry all the time. Hanging up she slips and falls down the stairs, lies whimpering on a landing. Hitchhiking back to town later that evening, Peter is picked up by the off-duty Hansen. They chat, but Hansen thinks Peter is mocking him and tells Peter to get out of the car. Peter begins laughing at the St. Christopher statue on the dashboard and reaches into his pocket to show his. A nervous Hansen thinks it's a gun, then draws his gun and shoots him dead. Shocked by what he did, he pushes the dead Peter out of his car on an isolated dark road. Back to the scene at the beginning, Graham arrives on the crime scene and sees his lifeless brother, Peter Waters, by the side of the road. Anthony has taken the step of riding a bus, without his faithful sidekick, but out the window he notices that a white van has the key left in the door. He drives off in it. At a hospital the same Asian woman shouting in the accident at the beginning arrives, desperately calling for her husband. Her husband, the Korean man in the white van who was run over by Anthony and Peter, is wounded, bandaged up but coherent. He tells his wife to quickly go cash a check in his coat pocket. Anthony brings the newly stolen white van to the same chop shop, where they find several Cambodian illegal immigrants chained up in the back. Lucien offers to pay Anthony $500 for each person. A look of remorse crosses Anthony's face. At a hospital, a grieving Mrs. Waters sees her dead son, Peter. She blames Graham for not finding his brother earlier as promised and states that Peter's last act was to deliver fresh groceries to her. The detective takes it stoically. Dorri comes to see her father Farhad. Placid, he says he found an angel and gives her the handgun. Dorri goes to check the red box of bullets. They are labeled ".38 Special Blanks". Rick and Jean talk on the phone. Jean is OK as the maid had taken her to the hospital and that she has a bad sprain. Maria brings her a cup of tea and the two women hug, Jean hugging Maria more intensely. Jean calls the maid her best friend. Hansen abandons his car after lighting it on fire. Cameron stops his car as it starts to snow lightly. He sees the burning car and goes to the fire to throw stuff on the flames. His phone rings, Christine is calling and they say they love each other, reconciling. Graham returns to the place his brother's body was found. He finds Peter's St. Christopher statue. Anthony lets the illegal Asian immigrants out in Chinatown. Leaving them $40 for some "chop suey", he drives off, feeling pleased with himself. Across the street a minor rear-ender occurs and we see Shaniqua get out of her car, berating the other driver. Snow falls as a crowd gathers around them. 
 Four Brothers (2005)431) When their adoptive mother is gunned down in a store robbery the 'four brothers' investigate the murder for themselves & look for the killers, but not all is what it seems. Four adopted brothers come to avenge their mother's death in what appears to be a random killing in a grocery store robbery. However, the boys' investigation of the death reveals more nefarious activities involving the one brother's business dealings with a notorious local hoodlum. Two cops who are trying to solve the case may also not be what they seem. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellosuth.net> In Detroit, when the beloved citizen Evelyn Mercer is murdered in a store heist, her four dangerous sons come to her funeral. Bobby Mercer, Angel Mercer and Jack Mercer join the regenerated ex-union leader Jeremiah Mercer, and they decide to investigate the murder. They discover that her execution was intentional, and resolve to find the criminals by themselves. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On a cold, snowy night in Detroit, an El Camino car follows another around town. The car that the Camino is following parks and the driver gets out and walks into a convenience store. The driver is Evelyn Mercer ( Fionnula Flanagan ), a good-natured, elderly woman. She catches a young boy named Darnell ( Tahliel Hawthorne ) stealing a candy bar and reprimands him before telling the cashier, Samir ( Pablo Silveira ), to call the police. We see that Evelyn is bluffing but she uses her threat to talk sense in Darnell who promises to never steal again before he leaves the store. Evelyn admits to Samir that Darnell just needs an older brother as she walks to the rear of the store to pick out a Thanksgiving turkey. The El Camino occupants ( Richard Chevolleau and Awaovieyi Agie ) get out of the car and enter the store, clad in black hoods and wielding shotguns. They demand money from Samir as Evelyn hides behind a counter. She listens as Samir hands over the money before they shoot him dead and gasps, a sound that the hoodlums hear. Outside the store, a second gunshot is heard before the robbers leave the store and take off. Bobby Mercer ( Mark Wahlberg ) drives back into Detroit after an absence to attend his adopted mother, Evelyn's, funeral. He greets his brothers Jeremiah ( Andr 3000 ) and Jack ( Garrett Hedlund ) who gives an emotional eulogy on how Evelyn taught him that he didn't have to be afraid anymore and what it meant to be part of a family. Everyone goes to Jeremiah's house later for reception where Lt. Green (Terrence Howard) briefs his partner, Fowler (Josh Charles), on the Mercer brothers before joining. All wards of the state, the four brothers, currently minus Angel ([linknm0879085]), were raised and adopted by Evelyn herself after she failed to find them appropriate homes elsewhere. Bobby, the oldest brother, holds a reputation as a heavy weight, getting kicked out of hockey after multiple offenses. Jack is the youngest and a "first class fuck-up, third class rock star". Jeremiah is the only brother to move on from his past, a successful businessman with a wife and kids. Green grew up with the brothers, often playing hockey with Bobby, and is on good terms with them despite their reputations as trouble-makers. He admits surprise at seeing Bobby in town but pays his respects for Evelyn. Bobby and Jack introduce themselves as uncles to Jeremiah's two daughters, Daniela and Amelia ( Riele Downs and Riele Downs ), and tell them that, though they don't look like Jeremiah, they are still brothers. Jeremiah's wife Camille ( Taraji P. Henson ) expresses concern with him about Bobby's presence and doesn't like the idea of having him stay at their house. Green speaks to Bobby and tells him that they are investigating Evelyn's murder, informing him that they are speaking to a basketball player who witnessed two men running out of the convenience store the night she was shot. Fowler treats the issue with indifference, inciting Bobby to request that the officers leave. The three brothers drive to the old Mercer home where Bobby and Jack will be staying. They find Angel waiting for them on the porch, evidently having just returned from the Marines, and berate him for missing the funeral. They enter the house and the weight of the situation starts to hit home; their mother is not there and will not come back. Bobby informs Angel and Jack that they are to stay in their old rooms while he sets up in Evelyn's room. There, he is overwhelmed and breaks down in the bathroom. He washes up and comforts Jack in his room, crying silently as he fiddles with his guitar. Jeremiah announces that he's going out to get a turkey, saying that they should still celebrate Thanksgiving despite everything. As he leaves, Angel expresses the wish to get some air but Bobby reads him like a book: he tells Angel not to mess with the sassy girlfriend he used to have who now has a new boyfriend. Despite Angel's assurances that he won't go, we next see him running half naked through the snow with her as they escape her apartment, her boyfriend ( Jay Hunter ) chasing after them in his car, firing shots into the night. Angel and his girlfriend, Sofi ( Sofa Vergara ), make it back to the Mercer home. Bobby makes fun of Angel for bringing Sofi back and tells him that he doesn't want her there, despite Angel's protests that he really cares for her. This only encourages Bobby to make fun again. Angel starts tossing things around the room out of bitterness and to get a rise out of Jeremiah who is trying to watch a football game. This leads to the two of them rough-housing while Bobby cheers them on until Jeremiah manages to tackle Angel to the ground and pins him. Later, they all sit down to eat together. Bobby leads them in saying grace and they silently start to serve themselves and eat, all aware of the empty seat at the head of the table. Jeremiah imagines seeing Evelyn there and she reprimands him for eating with his mouth open. He corrects himself and relates this advice to Angel before looking down at his food again. Angel imagines that he sees Evelyn, asking about his tattoos before showing one of her own, a rose. Angel smiles before he hears her reminding him to keep his elbows off the table. Jack, visibly having the hardest time dealing with Evelyn's absence, imagines her assuring him that, despite all the bad things that happened to him, he is safe now. Bobby is the last to look up but notices nothing but Evelyn's empty seat. However, he becomes distressed and stops eating before proposing that they play The Turkey Cup, their traditional hockey game. They go out and enjoy the cold night air and festivities before heading to a bar, drinking in memory of Evelyn. Jack becomes drunk but the others are clear-headed enough to further discuss Evelyn's murder. They agree that the police won't get far, though Jeremiah asserts that they should leave the investigation to them. The bartender ( Conrad Bergschneider ) comes over and gives his condolences before informing the brothers that he heard the shooting was gang related. Bobby demands to know more but Jeremiah becomes irritated and leaves to go home, refusing to 'get shot up' with his brothers. With some new information from the bartender, Bobby takes Angel and Jack to the car where they arm themselves with some light weaponry (Jack getting stiffed with a crowbar) and head out to an old gang hideout where a party is taking place. Following the bartender's lead, they crash the party, firing a few rounds into the air to scatter the revelers. They confront the gang leader ( Mpho Koaho ) and douse him in gasoline, demanding answers about Evelyn's death. Jack casually lights a cigarette as the leader babbles that he had nothing to do with the shooting but does say that the basketball-playing witness the cops interviewed was lying. He backs up this statement by saying that the witness saw the shooters leave at 11 but the basketball court lights go off at 10. Bobby takes the gang leader out to the very court near the convenience store where, just as he said, the court lights shut off at 10 pm. They allow the gang leader to leave as they wonder why the witness would lie. They return to the house and discuss their findings with Jeremiah while Bobby takes time to make fun of Sofi. Angel, however, is not amused. The next day, the brothers go to meet with Evelyn's lawyer, Robert Bradford ( Kenneth Welsh ), where he reads her will and presents a box to be left for the brothers. He says that Evelyn left quite an impression on him and leaves the brothers alone to divide her belongings. Jack and Jeremiah find their birth certificates which details where they were born and whom to. Bobby finds an envelope full of money and splits it between himself, Jeremiah, and Angel, leaving Jack with a piece of jewelry, joking that it will look good on him. Jeremiah takes the brothers to an abandoned parking complex which he reveals as his latest project to refurbish and make some money off of, stating that the money to start the project shouldn't be an issue. They then go to the convenience store where Evelyn was shot and request to view any security cameras that were recording that night. They watch apprehensively as the shooters enter the store and Evelyn takes cover. When the shooters discover her, they hold her at gunpoint and pause while she speaks to them. Bobby notes that none of what happens makes sense; the shooters have their money and there is no reason to kill Evelyn. They turn their heads away as Evelyn is shot down. They ask the new owner if he knows who the witness was who spoke to the police. The man does not know a name, but describes him to the brothers and says that he plays basketball at a nearby community center. Bobby leads his brothers to their next destination, pissed knowing that their mother was set up and that her murder was not random. They arrive at the community center where a crowd is watching a basketball game. The brothers interrupt the game, brandishing guns and describe the witness to everyone, demanding to know where he is. Jack notices a kid nervously leave the auditorium and follows him into the hall where he chases him to the end. Angel tackles the kid and they collect Bobby and Jeremiah. They interrogate the kid, named Keenon ( Kevin Duhaney ), and ask him why he ran. Keenon admits that the man they're looking for is his brother. Bobby tells Keenon that the three guys behind him are 'his' brothers and all they want from Keenon's is to talk to him. Keenon looks at the four suspiciously despite Bobby's assertion that they are his real brothers but admits that his brother is named Damian ( Lyriq Bent ) and tells them where he lives. The brothers wait outside Damian's apartment before Jeremiah says he has to bail to take his daughters to dance practice. The others make fun of him and snidely remark that he doesn't want to find out who killed their mother. After he leaves, Jack notices Damian by his described 'big hair' and the brothers get out of the car. When Bobby pulls out his gun, Damian gets spooked and runs inside, getting into the elevator before the brothers can grab him. Bobby and Angel run up the stairs while Jack waits to see what floor the elevator stops at. He yells up the staircase that Damian's on level 6 and Bobby runs ahead to catch up. However, as Damian runs into his apartment, he sends his two rottweilers out which attack Bobby. He fires his gun at them, missing, and suffers bites to his arm and leg. Angel uses a fire extinguisher to repel the dogs and they follow Damian into his apartment. They find that he's taken a rope and rappelled out the window, halfway down the side of the building. Bobby shouts down that they only want to talk but Damian unpockets his gun and fires up at them. Fed up, Bobby cuts the rope, sending Damian crashing to the ground. The three walk calmly outside and find Damian in agonizing pain on the ground. His leg is broken and he can't move. Bobby threatens to leave him there to die unless he gives them information. Damian admits that he was paid off to lie to the police but refuses to tell who the shooters were. Bobby bluffs leaving and Damian cracks, giving the identities of the shooters. Bobby, Angel, and Jack follow his lead to a bar where Jack points out one of the shooters, described with a goatee. Seeing that they're noticed and suspicious, the shooters pull their guns and fire at the brothers before running out of the bar and getting into their El Camino. The brothers run to Bobby's car and give chase through the streets as it begins to snow. Bobby's car takes a beating, skidding on the slick streets and suffering bullet fire from the shooters. However, he manages to maneuver the car to collide it with the Camino, sending it tumbling to a halt. Bobby and Angel get out of the car and tell Jack to stay behind while they confront the shooters. They don't give them the chance to speak, angrily pulling them out of the wreckage and beating them before shooting them dead. Jack watches in shock before Bobby and Angel pull him away and leave together. Green and Fowler investigate the scene the very next morning, concluding the fact that the two men were murdered with purpose. They suspect the Mercers. Back at the house, Sofi is attempting to bandage Bobby's dog bites as Green and Fowler come knocking. Bobby quickly dons a (very effeminate) robe to hide his wounds and Jack answers the door. When Green questions the brothers on their activities, Bobby plays dumb, even when Green presses that it's curious that Evelyn's killers turn up dead execution style. Angel asks how two robbers would turn into contract killers before Green notices blood trickling from Bobby's arm. Bobby defends that he was just playing hockey as Fowler produces an evidence bag with a sample of hair they claim is Bobby's. Bobby laughs it off, saying that's the oldest trick in the book and Angel pokes fun at Fowler, nearly instigating a brawl. Fowler warns the brothers to tread lightly before he and Green leave. Later, Bobby takes Jack with him to have a closer look at Damian's apartment, leaving Angel with a very irritated Sofi. However, when she orders him in the other room, he finds her sitting on top of the washing machine, set to spin. As they get intimate, they are interrupted by a knock at the door. Angel answers it to see an insurance agent ( Greg Ellwand ) who is delivering news regarding a claim that Jeremiah is to collect. Angel forces Sofi out on the porch while he speaks to the man who reveals that Jeremiah is actually bankrupt and is receiving $400,000 from Evelyn's death. At Damian's apartment, Bobby and Jack discover a cache of guns beneath the mattress. They collect them in a large bag and Jack finds a digital camera that might be useful. They return home where Bobby unloads the guns, wondering how Damian could have gotten them, while Jack looks through the camera. He is shocked to find that the shooters were following Evelyn, taking pictures of her. Jeremiah and Angel walk into the room. Angel throws Jeremiah a suspicious glance as they all see a picture of Evelyn with her lawyer, Mr. Bradford, the day she died. This prompts curiosity, since Bradford said he only met with Evelyn once, and they decide to investigate him next. Meanwhile, at a fancy restaurant downtown, a gang is eating dinner together, including members Charlie ( Tony Nappo ), Evan ( Jernard Burks ) and his wife ( Stefanie Samuels ). Their leader, Victor Sweet ( Chiwetel Ejiofor ) walks in, clearly irritated. He angrily exclaims that he had asked for out-of-town shooters, not the in-town shooters who are now dead. There would not have been any problems, no investigations, no heat on his back, if the shooters had been from out of town. He quips that you pay out-of-town shooters to go back to where they came from. Evan eats a little while Sweet is talking and this angers Sweet. He empties the plate onto the floor and demands that, if Evan's hungry, he should eat and orders him to eat the food off the floor like a dog. When Evan's wife protests, Sweet demands that she join her husband. That evening, the brothers break into Bradford's home to search for clues. Jack logs onto Bradford's computer and sees in his daily planner that he met up with Evelyn many times. Sofi unexpectedly shows up at the house and honks her car horn, shouting that a robbery is taking place. Bobby yells at Angel to get a leash on her until Bradford arrives home. Bobby confronts him and pushes him in the snow, demanding to know why he would lie to them about Evelyn. Bradford admits that he was romantically involved with Evelyn and they wanted to keep their relationship a secret. Bobby apologizes for roughing him up, assuring Bradford that they only want to find out who killed her, and the brothers leave. The next day, Angel follows Jeremiah around town and watches as he goes into a bank with his check for four hundred grand. Looking further into Jeremiah's financial troubles, he finds that Councilman Douglas ( Barry Shabaka Henley ) was responsible for closing down Jeremiah's project. He relays this information to Bobby and Jack who decide to follow up on the councilman while Angel continues to follow Jeremiah. Bobby and Jack meet up with Douglas in a parking garage as he is walking to his car, though Douglas dismisses their request to talk to him. As he enters his car, he finds that the seats are drenched in gas. Bobby pours more gasoline over the car as Jack lights his cigarette and yells that he wants to know why Jeremiah's business was shut down and who Douglas answers to. Douglas rolls down his window and gives them a name: Victor Sweet. They leave the councilman and meet Angel in a bowling alley. It turns out Victor Sweet started out small-time a few years back but now pretty much runs Detroit. He has connections in congress, the police department, everywhere. When Bobby asks why they had to meet in a bowling alley, Angel directs them to a few lanes over where Evan is accepting a yellow envelope from Jeremiah. When Jeremiah leaves, the brothers move in and inquire about the envelope. Later, in the car, Bobby sits with tears rolling down his eyes. The envelope had contained a wad of cash. Angel keeps Bobby from acting out as he calls Jeremiah at home and requests to see him the next day. Meanwhile, Douglas goes to the home of Victor Sweet who is playing cards with Evan, Charlie, and other goons. Sweet congratulates Charlie on becoming engaged and offers to show his fiance some useful tricks in bed. Douglas informs Sweet that the Mercer brothers approached him that day. Sweet asks if Douglas gave his name, which Douglas denies, but Sweet sees past the lie. He sends Douglas to the kiddie table where one of the children asks if he's in trouble. Sweet dismisses the women and children and stands loomingly over Douglas before asking for a pistol. At the police station, Green reviews surveillance tapes from the station, following up on something Bradford had mentioned to him when going over his statements, something about a police report filed that Green was initially unaware of. His suspicions are confirmed when he sees that Evelyn stopped by the precinct before she died. What he eventually finds surprises him; Evelyn was greeted by Fowler upon entering the station and he evidently spoke with her for an hour before she left. Fowler made no previous statement that this ever happened. Jeremiah arrives at the Mercer house the next morning and asks his brothers what they found out. Bobby pushes him to the floor and he and Angel tell him that they know about his financial problems and that he is the reason their mom is dead. Jack watches from the sofa as Jeremiah denies everything. He says that the claim he received was an amount that Evelyn put in for his daughters. He fights back, getting off the floor and punching Angel, yelling at him and Bobby for leaving home and leaving him to pay for their mother's bills. Jeremiah wanted to stay legitimate in his business and turned Sweet down when he offered to be a partner in his project. Sweet then pulled strings, making it impossible for Jeremiah to get financial aid. Evelyn tried to help him and this is why he thinks she was killed. As they continue talking, Jack gets up to answer the doorbell. He opens the door to see someone walk away, flipping him the finger and calling his mother a whore before throwing a snowball at him. Jack chases after the assailant, who suddenly turns in the street, shown to be wearing an ominous hockey mask, and shoots Jack in the chest. Jack collapses as Bobby, realizing that Jack is gone, runs out and returns fire with a shotgun. A van pulls up and more hooded men emerge with automatic weapons. They spray the house with gunfire, forcing Bobby back inside, and riddle Jack with more bullets. He crawls to a telephone pole and screams for Bobby. Angel and Bobby use the weapons taken from Damian's apartment to return fire as the bombardment continues resulting in the deaths of more gunmen. Jeremiah retreats to the kitchen as another attacker enters from the back door. Jeremiah stabs this man to death before dropping his knife in horror and leaving, thinking of his family. As Jack cries on the side of the street, Angel runs upstairs to get a better angle on the shooters before they momentarily run out of ammo. Bobby takes this opportunity and throws a brick at one of the men before tackling him. Angel runs downstairs again as the driver of the van goes into reverse and begins to back up into Bobby. Just before he can hit him, Jeremiah rams the van with his own car. They all run over to Jack who begins to choke on blood. Bobby cries, telling Jack to breathe, but Jack struggles and groans one last time before dying. Bobby takes his gun and opens the driver-side door of the van where the driver is moaning in pain. Bobby points the gun at him and demands to know whether Victor Sweet ordered the hit. The gunman nods and when Bobby lowers his gun, mutters 'thank God'. "Thank God? You killed my mother and my brother. Thank Victor Sweet," Bobby says before aiming the gun at the driver and pulling the trigger. The police arrive and Green approaches the brothers, sullen over Jack's death. Bobby becomes angry but Green tells him he has his own problems and is dealing with a dirty cop within his department. Angel asks if it's Fowler, but Green won't openly admit it. He apologizes for Jack's death before leaving, making mention that no charges will be filed against the brothers since they acted in self defense. Green goes to a local bar where Fowler is playing pool. Green confronts Fowler about failing to mention that he'd met with Evelyn but Fowler simply states that he didn't think it was that important. He apologizes when Green says he should have been told regardless and hands him a pool cue to take a shot. Green takes a swing with it and knocks Fowler's legs out from under him, telling him he can't stand dirty cops before removing his gun and badge. Green exits the bar out of the back where his car is parked and Fowler follows him, saying that he forgot to mention one thing. He takes a hidden gun out and shoots Green in the chest, then again multiple times, killing him. He wipes down the gun and tosses it into the alley. He then takes Green's gun and places a call on the car radio for police backup, officer down, as he fires random shots into the air. Both Green and Jack are buried and the brothers return home, unsure of what to do. They know that Fowler was involved in getting Evelyn killed and they reason that Evelyn had tried to file a police report against Sweet for complicating Jeremiah's business. Fowler interjected and, since he works with Sweet, got rid of the file and alerted Sweet who ordered the hit on Evelyn. Bobby discusses killing Fowler but Angel disagrees, saying that a lot of heat would come down on them for killing a cop and they already have a contract out for their lives from Sweet. Jeremiah suddenly comes up with a plan. Jeremiah sends his family away for a few days and Camille makes Bobby promise that nothing will happen to him. Then he goes to Evan's house to propose his plan, knowing he can trust him since they were in a union together. The offer on the table is $400,000 paid to Sweet to remove the hit on their heads. He returns home to tell Bobby and Angel that Sweet took the hook and is planning to meet that very afteroon. This doesn't offer Bobby and Angel much time, but it is agreed that Jeremiah will leave to meet Sweet with the money while Bobby follows. Angel will make sure that Fowler is kept occupied. Angel heads over to Fowler's house immediately and uses a kid ( Mathew Peart ) practicing baseball to falsely sell candy bars at Fowler's front door while Angel sneaks in the back. Angel takes Fowler by surprise and puts a plastic bag over his head, wrapping it with a belt. He calls Bobby, giving the signal that allows Jeremiah to leave with the money. Fowler manages to tear at the bag at the last moment and is held at gunpoint by Angel. Meanwhile, Sofi arrives at the police station to confess that Angel was talking about killing a cop. This incites a squad to head out to Fowler's house where they set up a perimeter. Fowler revels at the sound of sirens and tells Angel that he's finished. Angel disagrees, stating that he knows Fowler killed his partner. Fowler admits to the crime and says that he could kill the entire police department if Angel was the only witness; no one would believe a Mercer over him. Angel chuckles and reveals that he has a hidden wire on him feeding their entire conversation to a surveillance unit outside. Though this is a bluff, Fowler takes the bait and turns the tables on Angel, bringing him outside as his hostage instead. This confuses the police stationed in front of the house and, when Fowler fires shots at them, they return fire, incapacitating and killing him. Meanwhile, Jeremiah rides with Evan and Charlie to the meeting spot in the middle of a frozen lake. In the distance, he sees Sweet's goons using chainsaws to cut large holes through the ice. Sweet arrives moments later, half surprised to see Jeremiah there. Jeremiah hands over the money and reiterates the terms, that Sweet will lay off him and his brothers, especially seeing as burying a mother and a brother is payment enough. Jeremiah then tells Sweet that he and his brothers came up with a new plan, that the money given to Sweet will be distributed to his mistreated goons instead. Gravely insulted, Sweet orders Evan to hand over a pistol but Evan refuses, reminding Sweet that he was in the union a long time and never missed a meeting. When Sweet threatens that he told Fowler about the meeting, Jeremiah reveals that he won't be coming. Sweet faces off against his goons, asking which one will be man enough to take him down, before he sees a figure walking across the ice towards them. It's Bobby, walking tall and with vengeance in his eyes. Sweet begins to laugh as they remove their coats and begin to fight. Jeremiah and Sweet's goons egg them on as Sweet and Bobby beat each other. Finally, Bobby gets the upper hand and deals a severe blow under Sweet's chin, knocking him out. He tells the others to dump him in the hole. The goons drag Sweet to the edge of the hole in the ice and toss his limp body in the freezing water as Jeremiah and Bobby leave. Jeremiah asks if the cops will give them much flack but Bobby isn't worried, saying that the police love the Mercers. The three brothers are subjected to beatings in their own interrogation rooms as the cops demand to know how it went down with Fowler and what happened to Victor Sweet. The brothers refuse to talk, joking with the cops that all they did the previous night was bed their wives. This does nothing but bring on more severe beatings but the brothers are eventually released, to the relief of Camille and Sofi. By Christmas time, the brothers work hard to bring the Mercer home, still riddled in bullet holes, to its former glory, fixing windows and doorways. Sofi and Camille bring everyone inside for food as Bobby finishes sawing some wood planking. A street hockey puck hits his leg and he returns it to the kids who had been playing behind him. One asks if Evelyn is coming back, to which Bobby says 'no'. He tells them to enjoy their game as he turns to go into the house. Sitting on the front steps, he sees Evelyn crocheting and smiling before she tells Bobby that it's good to see him again. She asks if he will stick around for a while and Bobby smiles and says, "Thinkin' about it, ma. Thinkin' about it." She smiles back at him. Bobby turns his head for one moment and, when he looks back, she is gone. Having made peace, Bobby goes inside to join his family. 
 Iron Man (2008)541) After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil. Tony Stark. Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. Son of legendary inventor and weapons contractor Howard Stark. When Tony Stark is assigned to give a weapons presentation to an Iraqi unit led by Lt. Col. James Rhodes, he's given a ride on enemy lines. That ride ends badly when Stark's Humvee that he's riding in is attacked by enemy combatants. He survives - barely - with a chest full of shrapnel and a car battery attached to his heart. In order to survive he comes up with a way to miniaturize the battery and figures out that the battery can power something else. Thus Iron Man is born. He uses the primitive device to escape from the cave in Iraq. Once back home, he then begins work on perfecting the Iron Man suit. But the man who was put in charge of Stark Industries has plans of his own to take over Tony's technology for other matters. halo1k After being kidnapped by a powerful terrorist organization, brilliant industrialist Tony Stark narrowly escapes using an iron suit he crafted from scrap metal and spare parts. Upon returning home, he devotes all of his time and resources to perfecting the iron man suit, and using it to fight evil, sometimes in the place where he least expects it. Billionaire, genius, playboy, philanthropist? All this and more sums up Tony Stark. After a weapons presentation in Iraq, Stark gets himself captured which also results in him having a chest filled with shrapnel. Needing to escape, he miniaturizes it and dons a suit of armor. This results in the birth of the Armored Avenger Iron Man. Once returned safely, Stark works to perfect his design and uses it to protect all mankind. This activity catches the eye of a mysterious organization known as SHIELD. On the other hand, the chairman of Stark Industries discovers this and has plans of his own for Tony's work. Blazer346 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A convoy of military Humvees drives across the Afghanistan desert. In one of them is billionaire weapons developer Tony Stark ( Robert Downey Jr. ), riding with soldiers on duty. He is joking with some members of a convoy who seem to be genuinely amused by his persona and his flamboyant public image. Suddenly, the convoy is ambushed by unseen gunmen. The soldiers fight to defend themselves but are quickly killed. Tony flees the Humvee, taking refuge behind a large rock. Moments later, a missile lands nearby and explodes, but not before Tony sees the Stark Industries logo painted on it. A small amount of shrapnel penetrates his body armor and he is thrown backwards, losing consciousness. Las Vegas, 36 hours earlier Tony Stark is about to receive the Apogee Award in Las Vegas. A presentation documents Tony's life story: born the son of legendary weapons developer Howard Stark, Tony is a child prodigy who built his first circuit board when he was four years old, his first V8 engine when he was six, and graduated summa cum laude from MIT when he was 17. His parents were killed in a car accident in 1991, and when he was 21, he became CEO of Stark Industries, where he is to this day. Colonel James "Rhodey" Rhodes ( Terrence Howard ) prepares to present Tony the award, but Tony is not in attendance. Tony's right-hand man (and his father's former partner) Obadiah Stane ( Jeff Bridges ) accepts the award in Tony's stead. Rhodey later finds Tony partying in a casino. On his way out, a reporter named Christine Everhart ( Leslie Bibb ) approaches Stark with some questions regarding the ethics of his weapons business. Stark deflects her questions with some swift quips and the two end up spending the night together at Tony's oceanfront house in Malibu. The next morning, Christine is awakened by a voice on a computer monitor. It's JARVIS (voice: Paul Bettany ), the artificially intelligent program responsible for running Tony's house and his research lab. As Christine leaves the house, she's greeted by Tony's human assistant, Virginia "Pepper" Potts ( Gwyneth Paltrow ). Pepper helps Tony catch up on some business before Tony heads out to the airport where his plane awaits. In flight, Tony talks with Rhodey. Rhodey is unhappy about Tony's lax attitude, and Tony tries to get his old friend to relax. Before long they are drunk and leering at the flight attendants. Tony arrives at a military outpost in Afghanistan to demonstrate his company's latest project: the Jericho, an advanced super-missile system. After the demonstration, Tony gets a phone call from Obadiah and they are both pleased that the demonstration went well. Refusing to ride with Rhodey, Tony takes off in another Humvee where the ambush from the opening of the story takes place. Much later, Tony regains consciousness in a cave. On his chest is a strange device, crudely connected to a car battery. Another captive, Dr. Ho Yinsen ( Shaun Toub ), explains that he operated on Tony but was unable to remove all of the shrapnel. Yinsen created a device -- essentially an electromagnet -- that will keep the remaining fragments from shifting and causing further damage to his heart. The terrorists who captured Tony and Yinsen enter the room. Yinsen translates; they want Tony to build them a Jericho missile. Tony refuses and they torture him by dunking his head in water. Hours later, the terrorists, members of a group called the the Ten Rings, show off a huge stockpile of weapons -- all made by Stark Industries. Tony appears to give in and starts building the missile, but he has other plans. With Yinsen's steady doctor's hands, and using palladium collected from his weapons, Tony constructs a tiny version of an arc reactor, streamlined from a much bigger design used at his company's headquarters. The power output is enough to run Stark's heart for "fifty lifetimes... or something much bigger for about 15 minutes." It will also be enough to keep the shrapnel in Tony's heart from shifting any further and killing him. Yinsen tells Tony a little about himself; he lived in an Afghani village called Gulmira that was attacked by the Ten Rings. He doesn't know if his family is still alive. He also reveals that he'd met Tony years before at a conference but Tony was so drunk that night he probably doesn't remember him. Tony is spurred and seems to have a change of heart. He begins to draw up plans for a weapon system, an armored suit powered by the arc reactor that he will wear and use to defeat the terrorists. Midway through construction, the head of the Ten Rings, Raza ( Faran Tahir ), arrives and threatens to torture Yinsen, angry because he thinks Stark is not working on the Jericho as they wanted. Tony bargains for Yinsen's life, saying he makes a good assistant. Raza gives them one more day to finish. Working furiously overnight, Tony completes his project. Yinsen straps Tony into the completed armored suit, telling him the way out of the cave. They set off a bomb inside the cell door as a distraction for the guards as Tony powers up his suit. Yinsen realizes that they will not have enough time. Over Tony's protests, he grabs a gun and runs off to distract the surviving guards. Tony, his suit now fully powered, muscles his way through the cave. The guards try to stop him but his suit easily deflects their weapon fire and he beats them off or kills them. He also fires one of the suit's missiles at Raza himself, who is flung out of sight by the blast. Halfway out of the cavern, Stark finds Yinsen, mortally wounded. Yinsen reveals that this was his plan, sacrificing himself so Tony could escape -- Yinsen's family is already dead and he will now see them again in the afterlife. Tony tearfully thanks Yinsen for saving him. Yinsen's last words to Stark are not to waste his second chance at life. Tony turns his suit on the remaining terrorists, igniting flame-throwers and firing missiles. He destroys their stockpile of weapons, but some of their larger-caliber weaponry begins to damage his suit. He uses a rudimentary jet-pack to launch himself out of the valley. Not long after firing, his jet-pack fails and he survives a crash in the desert. Stark leaves the suit behind and hikes through the desert until a couple of US helicopters fly overhead. A group of soldiers, led by Rhodey, come across Tony. Rhodey is overjoyed to find that his friend is alive. Tony is quickly flown back to the United States. Upon his arrival at Edwards Air Force Base, Pepper wants Tony to receive medical treatment, but Tony says that there are only two things he wants: an American cheeseburger and a company press conference. So Tony appears before a group of reporters and, clearly humbled and no longer the arrogant CEO he was before his capture, announces that he intends to shut down Stark Industries' weapons manufacturing division immediately. At the same time, Pepper is approached by Agent Phil Coulson ( Clark Gregg ) the from Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement & Logistic Division. They want to talk to Tony about his capture. Pepper schedules an appointment for them. That evening, Obadiah confronts Tony about his actions, furious. Obadiah knows that the stock value for their company (and, by extension, their financial status) is going to take a serious drop because of this announcement. Tony wants Stark Industries to move forward with arc reactor technology, but Obadiah thinks that the arc reactor is nothing but a publicity stunt. Through the conversation, Tony ends up revealing his Mark I chestpiece to Obadiah but refuses to allow the device to be studied for production. Stane convinces Tony to lie low for a while so the company can sort things out. Pepper watches Jim Cramer deliver a scathing news segment on Mad Money on the declining value of Stark Industries when Tony asks for her help. He's created an upgraded and much more powerful mini arc reactor, the Mark II chestpiece, but can't install it into his chest without someone to help -- his assisting robot, Dummy, tried to insert the arc reactor but failed and Pepper's hands are small enough to fit inside the chamber in Tony's chest. Pepper accidentally yanks out the cords for the old reactor too soon, putting Tony on the verge of cardiac arrest. They manage to complete the process in time. Tony tells Pepper to destroy the old model since he's not a sentimental person. Tony visits Rhodes and asks for help with a new private project. Rhodey does not agree with Tony's approach; he thinks Tony is suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder because of his capture and needs time to recover. Tony turns to his other best friend -- JARVIS -- for help. Tony's plan is revealed to be an upgrade to his armored suit (referred to as Mark II; the suit from the terrorist cave was Mark I). Tony, studying a 3D CGI-mapped image of the Mark I, discards many of the components, streamlining the design. Meanwhile, Raza, having survived his battle with Stark and severely scarred by the rocket attack in the cave, searches the desert, gathering all fragments of the Mark I suit that Tony left behind. Tony decides that the first thing he has to do is to perfect the armor's flight system. Since the leg-mounted jets proved too unstable, he creates repulsors for the feet and palm-mounted stabilizers for balance. Pepper comes in when he is testing the stabilizers and they find that it also creates a powerful repulsion beam that could also be used as a weapon. In his first test, the repulsor blows him backward. Pepper leaves a paper-wrapped box on Tony's desk as a gift. Obadiah visits Tony and reveals that the board of directors has filed an injunction to gain control of Stark Industries. Tony isn't worried; he still maintains controlling interest in Stark Industries. After several failed and painful attempts, Tony perfects his flight system, and is delighted at the prospect of flying. The Mark II armored suit is soon finished. It looks like a heavily-streamlined version of Tony's Mark I armor. Tony connects with JARVIS to monitor the progress in the suit. Against JARVIS's advice, Tony takes it out for a test flight, and he is thrilled by the suit's functionality. Tony pushes the limit for high-atmosphere flying, but at such great heights the freezing air causes the suit to become coated with ice and his power supply shuts down. Tony is barely able to reactivate his thrusters in time to avoid crashing into the ground. Stark returns home, but the armor is so heavy that it smashes through three floors of the house and he crushes one of his prized sports cars. As Tony recovers from his crash landing, he opens the box that Pepper left behind earlier; inside is the Mark I arc reactor, encased as a trophy with the message, "Proof That Tony Stark Has a Heart." Tony analyzes more data and decides to rebuild the suit using gold titanium from an old project to solve the icing and weight problems. He instructs JARVIS to add some hot-rod red trim to the next suit, codenamed Mark III, then leaves to attend his annual benefit dinner while the new suit is being assembled and painted. At the charity event, Tony meets with Agent Coulson, who still wants to learn about Tony's incident. Tony leaves to dance with Pepper and they share a moment together in the moonlight. Christine, the reporter Tony slept with prior to leaving for Afghanistan, angrily confronts him, showing him photographs of his weapons being used by a terrorist group the previous day in the remote Afghan town of Gulmira, Yinsen's home village. Tony confronts Obadiah on the matter, and Obadiah reveals that he is the one who filed the injunction against Tony. Obadiah calls himself an "iron monger," and has no qualms about selling Stark Industries weapons to both sides of the conflict. Tony returns home, furious. While there he watches news reports of the worsening situation in the Gulmira region. He tests modifications to his hand repulsors, turning them into a weapon and blasting out several glass panes. When the new suit is completed it is fitted to his body by an automated robotic system. Stark flies off to Gulmira at hypersonic speed, determined to right his company's wrongs. In Gulmira, terrorists are rounding up civilians for capture and execution when Tony shows up. His Mark III armor is more than a match for them. Within seconds, he defeats the first group of terrorists, using his advanced weapons to take out several without any innocent casualties. He leaves the group's leader, Raza's chief lieutenant, alive and defenseless for the villagers to take their revenge on. While flying to find his weapons, Iron Man is shot down by a tank shell. When he gets up, a second shell barely misses him. He responds by shooting a mini-missile at the tank, destroying it. Using the palm repulsors he designed, he destroys the captured Jericho missiles. After they are demolished, Raza arrives in time to see Tony fly off. CENTCOM at Edwards Air Force Base detects Tony in flight, mistaking him for a rogue drone. Col. Rhodes is asked about the status of any new developments. He contacts Tony, who claims that he knows nothing about what is happening. In the meantime, Tony is confronted by two F-22 Raptors. He tries to outrun the jets but they are too much for him. Tony calls Rhodes and reveals that he is responsible for the "unidentified craft." Rhodey is furious about Tony sending in unauthorized equipment, and horrified when Tony explains that the "equipment" is actually himself in his new invention. Tony is hit by one fighter jet, sending him flying into the wing of the second jet. The pilot is forced to eject, but his parachute fails to open. Iron Man, still under fire, flies in and deploys the parachute in time to rescue the pilot. Tony convinces Rhodey to pass off what happened with the jets as a "training exercise." After Tony arrives back at home, Pepper catches him while the robotic system is removing his suit. The disassembly is not going as well as the assembly and Tony quips that Pepper has seen him in situations that were much worse. Meanwhile, Stane pays a visit to the Ten Rings' camp, revealing he'd paid the organization to capture and kill Tony, but they realized who Tony was and had demanded a much higher price when they made their tape. Using a high-powered sonic device that induces temporary paralysis, Stane immobilizes Raza and takes the remnants of the Mark I armor they have gathered. Stane then has his men execute everyone in the camp. Tony tries to talk Pepper into helping him, believing that nothing else matters but saving the people who he put in harm's way. Pepper is moved by Tony's dedication, and agrees. She goes into Obadiah's office with a flash drive programmed to copy files from the computer. As Pepper sifts through stored files, she finds a video from the terrorists proving that Obadiah was responsible for Tony's capture. Obadiah comes into the office and sees her at the computer, but Pepper manages to hide what she is really doing. She leaves the office, but as soon as he powers up the computer, Obadiah realizes what she was up to. On the way out, Pepper sees Agent Coulson and tells him he can have his interview immediately so that he accompanies her safely out of the building. Obadiah meets with his team of developers who are working on his own armored suit based on the Mark I. They have rebuilt the components, but they cannot miniaturize Stark's arc reactor. Stane is furious but relents when the lead developer tells him he's not the genius Tony is. Obadiah realizes that he has one other option. Stane arrives at Tony's house and paralyzes him with the sonic weapon. Obadiah yanks out the the Mark II chest piece from Tony's chest, taunting him about how it will be the flagship invention in a new era of weaponry. After he leaves, Tony realizes that he has only one hope for survival -- the preserved arc reactor that Pepper gave him as a gift. He staggers down to his workshop and nearly dies while trying to retrieve the reactor, which is handed to him by Dummy. Tony gets the reactor installed just as Rhodey arrives. Rhodey informs him that five agents have gone to arrest Obadiah, but Tony knows that is not nearly enough manpower. Rhodey watches Tony suit up, awestruck at the Iron Man armor. Rhodey asks if there's anything Tony needs, Tony asks him to "keep the skies clear." As Tony flies away, Rhodey spots the silver-colored prototype suit, the Mark II... then shakes his head and mumbles "Next time." Pepper, Coulson and several other agents arrive at Obadiah's research facility. They spot the Mark I armor and a storage location where something else was kept. Just then, a gigantic robotic suit comes to life and attacks them -- it's Obadiah's counterpart suit, code-named the Iron Monger, powered by the chest piece he stole from Tony. While Tony flies towards the research facility, JARVIS warns him that he has only about half power in the suit because the older chest piece wasn't designed power the Mark III during sustained flight. Tony arrives just as Obadiah is about to execute Pepper. The two ironclad warriors begin a huge, brawling battle that spills into the streets near Stark Industries while Tony tries to protect any innocent civilians. Tony flies into the upper atmosphere, drawing Obadiah along with him. Obadiah struggles but before long his suit begins to freeze up -- it has the same icing problem that Tony's Mark II had. Obadiah begins to fall back to Earth, leaving Tony hovering above. The older arc reactor begins to lose power rapidly and Tony falls back to Earth, landing on top of his factory, running on auxiliary backup power. Back on the ground, Obadiah attacks Tony again. Tony manages to disable the weapons tracking system in Obadiah's suit and evades Obadiah long enough to instruct Pepper to overload the building's arc reactor, which will generate a shock wave strong enough to disable Obadiah's suit. Pepper is hesitant, believing that Tony could also be killed. Tony manages to keep fighting while she builds up power to the reactor. The reactor releases its shock wave, knocking out the Iron Monger suit, which falls into the reactor, killing Stane and destroying the reactor. Stark's original mini arc reactor sparks back to life, allowing Tony to survive. Days later, Rhodey holds a press conference about the incident with the two "robots." Tony is impressed with the name the newspapers come up with, "Iron Man," and plans to adopt it. Agent Coulson has released cover stories about the death of Obadiah (who will die in a small plane crash while Tony is supposedly elsewhere) and the "truth" about Iron Man (who will be referred to as Stark's bodyguard). Pepper thanks Coulson but cannot remember the full name of the group he belongs to. Coulson tells them to call it "S.H.I.E.L.D." and says that they will be in touch again. Tony goes before the reporters once more, and prepares to comply with the cover story. But, as he begins talking, he throws away his notes and declares "I am Iron Man." The press goes into a frenzy. Much later (after the credits), Tony returns home to find a mysterious man in black telling him that as Iron Man, Tony has become part of a larger universe. Tony asks who the man is. He turns around and introduces himself: Nick Fury, director of S.H.I.E.L.D. ( Samuel L. Jackson ). He's come to talk with Tony about an upcoming project known as the "Avenger Initiative." 
 Hustle & Flow (2005)431) With help from his friends, a Memphis pimp in a mid-life crisis attempts to become a successful hip-hop emcee. Aspiring emcee DJay works the angles to get his first record made with help from assorted people in his Memphis 'hood. And when he hears that hip-hop superstar Skinny Black is heading to his area, he throws together a supreme hustle to grab Skinny's attention. IMDb Editors An aspiring emcee from the Dirty South who is trying to make it in the hip-hop world has to deal with many different types of people who try to bring him down, including strippers, his baby's mama, and all the things that try to keep a player down. This is probably his last chance to make it: he is approaching his 40s, and his life is looking downhill. Nick Ellis Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. DJay (Terrence Howard) is a streetwise hustler and Memphis pimp with a stable of 3 girls, Shug (Taraji Henson) who is pregnant and not working, Lexus (Paula Jai Parker) who works in a strip club, and Nola (Taryn Manning) who works out of DJay's old beat-up car in a back alley. Even with two girls working and DJay selling dirt-weed on the side, it is hard for them to make ends meet. The utility company is about to shut off their utilities, if they don't pay the bill. DJay feels that he has hit rock bottom, and he needs a change in his life. A bum trades him a Casio keyboard for some weed, and DJay takes it home. While playing the keys, DJay gets an inspiration to write rap music. He begins to write down his pimping style raps, his flow, in a little notebook while Nola is turning tricks. DJay runs into Key (Anthony Anderson), an old friend and sound engineer, who takes him to a church choir performance that reaches DJay's soul. DJay looks inside his soul and decides to get out of the business, and now he has a dream of becoming a rapper. DJay teams up with Key to make a demo song. Skinny Black (Ludacris) is a platinum selling rapper about to return to Memphis for the 4th of July. DJay believes he can hustle Skinny to hear his tape, and his dream will come true. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) ----------------------- A Memphis pimp attempts to launch a career as a rapper. 