nm0004793:

 The Best Man Holiday (2013)Summaries When college friends reunite after 15 years over the Christmas holidays, they discover just how easy it is for long-forgotten rivalries and romances to be reignited. Mia Sullivan (Monica Calhoun), wife of Lance Sullivan (Morris Chestnut), has written letters requesting that the old gang should join them for Christmas: Harper Stewart (Taye Diggs) and his almost-nine-month-pregnant wife Robyn (Sanaa Lathan), Julian "Murch" Murchison (Harold Perrineau) and wife Candace Sparks (Regina Hall), her best friend Jordan Armstrong (Nia Long) and boyfriend Brian McDonald (Eddie Cibrian), Quentin "Q" Spivey (Terrence Howard), and Shelby Taylor (Melissa De Sousa). All the friends arrive at the house, the first time they've come together in 14 years, and the celebration begins. At dinner, the old friends catch up while tensions grow between Shelby and Candace. Years after his debut novel, Harper is struggling with writer's block, financial difficulties, and pressure from his publisher to come up with newer and better material for his next book. He has also been recently relieved of his faculty position at New York University, further complicating the couple's financial position. He kept all this from Robyn, as she is finally pregnant with their first child after years of expensive fertility treatments and the baby is almost full-term. His agent suggests he write a biography on his estranged friend, Lance, who is set to retire from football. Harper reluctantly agrees, but keeps the biography a secret.. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Players Club (1998)44) A woman must contend with rival strippers and her boss in an attempt to make a legitimate living. Diana, a young mom working at a shoe store meets two strippers, Tricks and Ronnie. They tell her that she should work at The Playa's Club for big money. The woman accepts and soon introduces her cousin into the club. Then she finds out that her cousin is doing housecalls which Tricks bribed her to do. One day Diana returns to her house after almost being raped by an obsessed fan and finds her cousin sleeping with her ex-boyfriend. She kicks her cousin out and starts dating Blue, a DJ at the club. They go out one night and Diana's cousin calls asking her to pick her up from a bachelor party. Diana refuses and soon after her cousin is raped. Now she has only one option, to put Tricks in her place. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> An unwed mother's struggle to get her college degree leads her to dancing at The Player's Club, a seedy Southern strip bar filled with criminal mischief. JK2 <Flickwritr@aol.com> Diana, a young, unwed mother struggles to make enough money to pay for her college education. Diana ends up working at a shoe store, when she meets Ronnie and Tricks, two evil strippers that work at a sassy strip club. Tricks tells Diana that she should "use what God gave her" and make some fast money. Diana goes to the hip and saucy "The Players Club". Dollar Bill, the owner of the club allows Diana to work and gives her the name......Diamond. Diamond's cousin, Ebony wants to work at the Players Club and gets caught up in the fast life. One night, when Diamond comes home, an obsessed fan attacks her. Diamond runs in and finds her boyfriend and Ebony in bed together. Diamond kicks her out and breaks up with her boyfriend. Ebony has been gone alot and Diamond finds out that Ebony has been doing "other" things than stripping. Ronnie makes Ebony go to Ronnie's brother's bachelor party. Ebony is raped and left to die. Diamond and Blue find her and call the cops. Diamond goes to The Players Club and confronts Ronnie. The two women end up getting into a catfight. Hair-pulling, name-calling, punch-throwing, these girls are going for blood. Diamond <survivorz100@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bagdad Cafe (1987)431) A lonely German woman ends up in the most desolate motel on Earth and decides to make it brighter. Out of Rosenheim (Bagdad Caf) is a look into the lives (and minds) of some people we all have encountered, but few of us ever get to know. This film (a 'fish out odd water'-type tale) shows how one person can affect a disparate community. The Adlons express the view that change and "magic" comes from hard work and mutual understanding/acceptance. A well-crafted view of the lives of people everywhere and the difficulties we all can face. A whimsical story, lovingly shot by people who - unfamiliar with what others too often ignore give this arid area - the bleak, and arrid South West, an almost fairytale-like beauty. The Kid in Bellevue Jasmin has a row with her husband in the middle of the desert, and storms off to a truck-stop cafe. She stays there, and starts to make friends with the regulars, including Rudi, an ex-set decorator from Hollywood who wants to paint her picture. Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. German tourist Jasmin Mnchgstettner (Marianne Sgebrecht) has a big fight with her husband (Hans Stadlbauer) and stomps off in the middle of a desert highway. Similarly, short-tempered Brenda (CCH Pounder), owner of the dilapidated Bagdad Cafe, has a fight with her husband, who also drives off. Jasmin arrives at the Bagdad Cafe, suitcase in tow, and asks for a room at the adjacent motel, both of which are located in the middle of nowhere in the California desert. Jasmin stays a while, befriending Brenda's children and Rudi Cox (Jack Palance), a washed-out set designer from Tinsel-Town (Hollywood) and cafe regular. Jasmin, whose typical German fastidiousness can't tolerate disorder and dirt, starts cleaning and organizing her motel room and the caf; while smooth-talking Rudi wants to paint Jasmin's portrait in a series of portraits, each more risqu than the last. Also a skilled magician, Jasmin begins entertaining the infrequent customers. Word of this gem in the desert spreads throughout the trucker community, and soon the caf is packed, drawing the attention of the local Sheriff, Arnie (Apesanahkwat). Having no green card, Jasmin must leave, having over-stayed her tourist visa, but Rudi has a solution: Jasmin can stay if she marries him. She accepts his proposal and the show goes on with her magic tricks and the musical talents of Brenda and her children. 
 The Best Man (1999)Summaries Just before his best friend's wedding, the life of a Chicago writer becomes crazy when his best friend guesses that his new book's story is based on his bride's fervent past. Harper's autobiographical novel is almost out, his girlfriend Robin desires commitment, and he's best man at the wedding of Lance, a pro athlete. He goes to New York early (Robin will come for the wedding) to hang out with Lance and other friends, including Jordan, his former almost-lover, now in media and privy to an advance copy of the book. The men discuss women, never facing their own double standard; Jordan wants to try again with Harper, at least for one night; and Harper fears that Lance will read his book and learn that the bride-to-be slept with him once to avenge Lance's many affairs. Can Harper mature before Lance kills him, Jordan seduces him, and he loses Robin? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 