nm0008203:

 Farda w'lkat okht'ha (1978)Summaries The film describes the adventures of two young simple peasants en route to the capital. Their journey begins on a national road where the two friends hitchhike to Tunis. Their mishaps lead them from the olive groves of the Tunisian hinterland to the biggest hotels in the city of Hammamet. brahamdali It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Desert Chase (1986)Summaries An archaeologist and an official go to Tunisia in search of three roses that should lead them to a treasure. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tir part (1996)Summaries Sir Edward Lamb, famous publisher, delights in reading the latest novel by his old friend Nicolas Fabry. The elegant English aristocrat learns with dismay that the Frenchy is responsible for the death of the one he loved in Tunisia. The story of a crime whose weapon is a novel. Edward and Nicolas have been friends for thirty years. One is English, a renowned publisher. The other is French, author of successful novels. But one day Nicolas brings a manuscript to Edward and urges him to read it because it is "different" he says "It is personal". From the first pages, Edward discovers a moving novel, deep, a new style, but yet over the pages it is a feeling of horror that invades him - This manuscript that he holds in his hands is other than the story of a crime committed thirty years ago, a terrible secret that has haunted Edward ever since, for he was unwittingly one of the actors. And in this manuscript, the culprit points out in spite of himself: it is Nicolas Fabry, this close friend. Realizing that this book will bring his friend fame and fortune, Edward sees the possibility of using the enormous potential of this book to shape his revenge. Without apparent violence, the respectable Sir Edward Lamb will gradually mount the most extraordinary and implacable of machinations. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Halfaouine: Boy of the Terraces (1990)Summaries A coming-of-age comedy/drama set in Tunisia. Twelve-year-old Noura is an impressionable boy who must learn to reconcile two conflicting worlds - the loving world of Muslim women and the vastly different, harsher world of men - while also dealing with his own budding sexuality. Dawn M. Barclift It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 