nm0011127:

 Taina (20012002)Summaries Taina Morales is a Latina teenage girl who wants to be a superstar singer and actress. She attends the Manhattan High School of the Performing Arts and the series is based on her school and home life. gabrielle lawson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dora the Explorer (20002019)Summaries Along with her friend Monkey Boots, Dora goes on adventures. Dora is a little Hispanic girl with who goes on adventures with her red boot wearing monkey, conveniently named Boots. During her adventures we also get to meet her talking backpack (or la mochila) and the map who sings an annoyingly cute song. The show plays out almost like a computer adventure showing a mouse on different scenes where the kids make a decision. Dora asks your kids questions and then waits for a response. Dora would then congratulate your child for trying, while replying back with the correct answer to encourage them. The main purpose of the show is to teach Spanish to English-speaking children. Willow192 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Nick Jr. Favorites Holiday (2006 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lipstick Jungle (20082009)Summaries A look at the lives of Nico, Wendy, and Victory -- three of "New York's 50 Most Powerful Women," according to The New York Post. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 