nm0004181:

 Sarge (2010 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kill Your Inner Child (2007 Video)Summaries He's a six year-old Kidnap Victim, Texas Slave, Vegas Runaway, Jew in Egypt, Mama's Boy Without a Mom, and potential Homicidal Maniac with a tragic lack of mechanical reasoning skills. God help us all. The world of "Kill Your Inner Child" is based on the true tales of screenwriter/author Samuel Bernstein's mondo-beyondo childhood with his bipolar, explosive-yet-charming father, Adam. Sam is a six year-old Kidnap Victim, Texas Slave, Vegas Runaway, Jew in Egypt, Mama's Boy Without a Mom, and potential Homicidal Maniac with a tragic lack of mechanical reasoning skills. He brings a resourceful sense of feeling and fantasy to every situation, like an emotional MacGyver-no jury-rigged tools-but plenty of metamorphic ideas for making human contact. His father, Adam, the Naked Dad, is a self-proclaimed Socialist and the Smartest Person in the World. He'll tell you so himself. And after his divorce from Sam's mother he takes all the kids with him, though he doesn't have custody. As Adam supports various left wing causes in South America and the Middle East he takes the whole brood, three boys a little girl and his new young wife. He espouses Socialism and individual resistance while living the luxurious, single-minded life of a McDictator. Through the travels and self-contained adventures of Adam, Sam wants passionately to escape Adam and return to his mother-devising various paths to freedom that don't quite work out. For his part, Adam wants passionately to convince Sam that he is better off with him, traveling the world, absorbing his wisdom. Never mind that they don't see eye-to-eye, they aren't even looking at the same universe. Sam's take on the madness that was his childhood is boldly hilarious: Filled with adventures that keep you on the edge of your seat, peopled with sharply drawn characters that constantly flabbergast, and defined by the comical, oddball point of view that not only kept Sam alive, but makes his stories so unique. RSA It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Hebrew Hammer (2003)Summaries An orthodox Jewish blaxploitation hero saves Hanukkah from the clutches of Santa Claus' evil son. Mordechai Jefferson Carver, aka the Hebrew Hammer, is an orthodox Jewish stud who goes on a mission to save Hanukkah. When Santa Claus's evil son Damian is pushed over the edge by his father's liberal policies, he does away with the Christian patriarch. Subsequently stepping into his father's role, Damian launches a campaign to eradicate the Jewish Holiday. The Hammer joins forces with Esther Bloomenbergensteinenthal, the gorgeous and dangerous daughter of the leader of the Jewish Justice League; and his brother-in-arms Mohammed Ali Paula Abdul Rahim, the head of the Kwanzaa Liberation Front, to topple Santa's evil progeny and to save Hanukkah for future generations of Jews. Sujit R. Varma It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Echos of Enlightenment (2001)Summaries A fascinating story about a sleazy lawyer who stumbles upon enlightenment. Everyday, somewhere in America, a middle aged man leaves his home, his family, and never returns. Daniel, who knows the meaning of dreams and visions, is one such man. 60 days after Daniel disappears, his wife Mary, is determined to find him. She retraces his path, meets all the people he touched before he vanished, and makes a startling discovery. The answer to what happened to Daniel is resolved in a remarkable life affirming ending. Dan Coplan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 