nm0005023:

 Amistad (1997)431) In 1839, the revolt of Mende captives aboard a Spanish owned ship causes a major controversy in the United States when the ship is captured off the coast of Long Island. The courts must decide whether the Mende are slaves or legally free. Amistad is the name of a slave ship travelling from Cuba to the U.S. in 1839. It is carrying a cargo of Africans who have been sold into slavery in Cuba, taken on board, and chained in the cargo hold of the ship. As the ship is crossing from Cuba to the U.S., Cinque (Djimon Hounsou), who was a tribal leader in Africa, leads a mutiny and takes over the ship. They continue to sail, hoping to find their way back to Africa. Instead, they are misdirected and when they reach the United States, they are imprisoned as runaway slaves. They don't speak a word of English, and it seems like they are doomed to die for killing their captors when an abolitionist lawyer decides to take their case, arguing that they were free citizens of another country and not slaves at all. The case finally gets to the Supreme Court, where John Quincy Adams (Sir Anthony Hopkins) makes an impassioned and eloquent plea for their release. M Parkinson, Sarasota, FL, USA Based on the true story of a significant moment during America's slave trade, this movie shows the saga of an 1839 mutiny aboard the slave ship, Amistad. Much of the story revolves a courtroom drama as lawyers for the slaves seek their freedom and return home. The case is a watershed moment for America-Spain relations, and reveals the political machinations as it holds repercussions on the North-South conflict eventually leading to America's Civil War. F.Maggi, Rome Italy Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Amistad is the name of a slave ship traveling from Cuba to the U.S. in 1839. It is carrying a cargo of Africans who have been sold into slavery in Cuba, taken on board, and chained in the cargo hold of the ship. As the ship is crossing from Cuba to the U.S., Cinque, who was a tribal leader in Africa, leads a mutiny and takes over the ship. They continue to sail, hoping to find help when they land. Instead, when they reach the United States, they are imprisoned as runaway slaves. They don't speak a word of English, and it seems like they are doomed to die for killing their captors when an abolitionist lawyer decides to take their case, arguing that they were free citizens of another country and not slaves at all. The case finally gets to the Supreme Court, where John Quincy Adams makes an impassioned and eloquent plea for their release. Based on the true story of America's slave trade, the film shows the saga of an 1839 mutiny aboard the slave ship, Amistad. Much of the story revolves a courtroom drama as lawyers for the slaves seek their freedom and return home. The case is a watershed moment for America-Spain relations, and reveals the political machinations as it holds repercussions on the North-South conflict eventually leading to America's Civil War. About a 1839 mutiny aboard a slave ship that is traveling towards the northeastern coast of America. Much of the story involves a court-room drama about the free man who led the revolt. 
 In America (2002)541) A family of Irish immigrants adjust to life on the mean streets of Hell's Kitchen while also grieving the death of a child. Following the tragic death of their five-year-old son Frankie, Irish couple Johnny and Sarah Sullivan and their remaining two offspring, 10 year old Christy Sullivan and 5 year old Ariel Sullivan, emigrate illegally to the United States via Canada with little in their pockets. Their final destination is Manhattan where Johnny hopes to work as a stage actor. They move into a unit in a run town tenement housed primarily with drug addicts, transvestites and one tenant coined "the man who screams". They do whatever they can to eke out a supportive family environment in this difficult situation, the support which ultimately extends to those around them, most specifically "the screamer" who turns out to be an African-American artist named Mateo with AIDS. But the memory of Frankie hangs over the family in good and bad ways, especially as Sarah learns she's pregnant. Christy, who records their life's goings-on with her beloved camcorder, believes that the angel of Frankie has granted her three wishes, which she guards until absolutely needed. Huggo Johnny, Sarah and their young daughters Christy and Ariel move to New York from Ireland. With barely any money they find an apartment in a run-down building that is overrun with drug addicts. Johnny, an actor, struggles to get a role and the family eke out an existence. Also hanging over them is the death of their son, Frankie. Then one day the little girls meet and befriend the mysterious, solitary neighbour, Mateo. grantss An aspiring Irish actor and his family illegally immigrate in the United States with the dreams of the father breaking into the New York City theatrical scene. Once they arrive in the big city, they move into a flop house and try to make it truly their home. While they struggle to fit in their new country, the family finds new friends like the reclusive neighbor, Mateo, who provides help in the most unexpected ways in America. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens to a family of 4 nervously trying to cross the border from US into Canada. The father, Johnny (Paddy Considine) tells his two young daughters to remember to say 'we are on holiday'. The INS officials are suspicious, so Christy (Sarah Bolger), the oldest daughter prays to her deceased brother, Frankie. Apparently he will grant her 3 wishes and this situation calls for a favor. So she asks him to get them across the border. Then the officials wave them through. Soon they are driving through New York excited about the lights and seeing Times Square. Christy is filming everything on her little red camcorder. (A constant companion through the film). The family pulls up to an apartment which is filled with druggies and junkies. They are on the top floor and there is no elevator, so they have to take stairs. The apartment is run down and there are a lot of pigeons which they let out through a skylight. The apartment is large and they fix it up with paint and new furniture. The family has fun as the girls skate on rollerblades throughout the apartment. Meanwhile, there is another apartment that says 'keep away' on the door. Inside is a large African man in a rage. He is an artist surrounded by canvas and paintings. In his fury he starts slashing one of his paintings with a knife. The screen shows dripping blood and we see a hand making a bloody handprint on a canvas. Soon it is summer and the family is very hot; they are not used to the New York heat. Johnny goes to get an air conditioner but he is pulling it on a little set of wheels and can't get it up the curb. So he angrily pulls it down the middle of the street in opposing traffic. He finally gets it home, carries it up all the stairs, slams it down on the window ledge and then screams in frustration to see that it has a three pronged plug and the outlet only has two prongs. He goes to a convenience store to try to buy a plug. He is 25 cents short. The guy won't cut him a break so he returns some bottles to get 25 cents and then buys the plug. He grafts the new plug on the air conditioner and the family is extremely relieved as the cool air starts flowing. After 2 minutes of cool, the power in the entire building blows. All the people in the building start yelling at them and the family decides to run out and find refuge in the air conditioning of the movie theater. In the theater they see ET and the youngest daughter Ariel, (Emma Bolger) is especially moved by the scene where ET is flying across the moon and 'going home'. (Important later). On the way home the family walks through a carnival and pass a ball throwing game that awards ET dolls as prizes. Ariel asks her father to win her one. The attendant explains that to win the doll you need to get 7 balls in the bucket. Plus if you double your money every time you buy balls, you win all your money back too. Johnny thinks this sounds easy and plunks down 2 dollars to get 3 balls. He gets 2 in. Then the next 3 balls cost 4 dollars. He gets one in. Then next 3 balls cost 8 dollars and so forth. Finally he needs to get two more balls in and the cost is now $128. The family is getting nervous and the daughter says 'forget it'. A big crowd is gathering and Johnny is getting nervous. He gets one in but otherwise keeps missing. They finally put all their rent money on the table and he only has one more shot. (Very tense!). In desperation Christy prays to Frankie to make the ball go in. The balls makes it in the basket and the family is elated. The family goes home and the parents are so excited that they send the kids to the ice cream shop. Then Johnny and Sarah (the mom, Samantha Morton) have passionate sex. At the same time there is a severe thunderstorm. A narrator tells us that a baby is conceived. In the fall the kids go to catholic school. To support themselves the Sarah works in an ice cream shop and Johnny drives a taxi. Johnny goes to a lot of auditions as he is trying to strike is big as an actor. He can get the accents perfect, but the director says his acting needs to come from his gut; it's missing feeling. Soon it is Halloween and Sarah is making homemade costumes for the kid. Ariel is an angel, and Christy is dressed up to represent Autumn. Their parents escort them to the school costume party and as they walk in everyone stops and stares at them. The family is puzzled why everyone is staring and Christy says it's because their costumes are homemade. The kids know they are different (and poor) and Christy hates it. The kids demand to be able to go trick or treating. But the parents don't really understand what it is so they tell the girls they can trick or treat in their building only. The kids bang on door after door and no one answers. Finally, in desperation they start yelling and banging at the door that says 'Keep Away'. We see the occupant in his darkroom developing pictures and he yells angrily 'GO AWAY'. But the kids are excited that someone is there so they and pound even harder. He finally yanks the door open in anger. He lets them in and it very nice to the little girls. He looks around for something to give them and opens his fridge. We get a brief glimpse of lots of medicine bottles in the fridge. He finally gives them a glass bottle filled with change. To reciprocate for his kindness, the parents invite him over for dinner. We learn that his name is Mateo (Djimon Hounsou). Mateo becomes a family friend and starts hanging out the mom and 2 kids. He helps them paint a mural of angels in the girls bedroom. Sarah visits Mateo in his apartment and looks at some pictures. In the pictures, Mateo is with family in a wealthy setting and Sarah says with surprise 'Oh, you are rich!'. Meanwhile, Johnny is getting jealous at all the time Mateo is spending with his family. Johnny and Sarah go to the doctor about her pregnancy and he says they shouldn't proceed with the pregnancy; there are some serious health risks involved. Sarah is adamant that she is going to have her baby. Sarah wants to reassure the girls so she pretends to feel the baby kicking and asks Johnny 'can't you feel the baby kicking'. After putting his hand on her stomach he says 'I can't feel anything.' Sarah chews him out saying he should have lied for the kids sake, after all he is an actor. And he can't feel anything - that's why he doesn't get any acting jobs. They start blaming each other for Frankie's death. Sarah says Johnny shut his feelings off when Frankie died and hasn't even been able to cry since. Johnny angrily goes downstairs to confront Mateo about why he is spending so much time with his family. He accuses him of being in love with his wife. Mateo says 'I love all of you, even the unborn child, I love everything that is alive'. Johnny realizes that Mateo is dying of AIDS. Time progresses and as Sarah gets more pregnant, Mateo gets sicker. The children go to visit Mateo one last time as he is very sick and Ariel makes Mateo promise he will say goodbye to her before he goes. Finally it's time for Sarah to go to the hospital and we see Mateo go to the same hospital. Sarah has her baby but it's premature and needs a lot of medical help. Sarah is delusional and starts yelling, asking about Frankie. She starts blaming Johnny for his death saying 'it's your fault he died because you put the gate at the top of the stairs and he climbed the gate!'. She has to be sedated. The hospital asks Johnny for a $5000 check. Johnny gives them a check but it bounces. The Doctor informs the family that the baby needs a blood transfusion. However, Johnny is not a match and Sarah is too sick so Christy bravely donates the blood and the baby gets better. The nurse pulls a sheet over Mateo's head; he's dead. The baby gets better and the family can leave the hospital and take the baby home. As they check out of the hospital, they are nervous as the cashier prints out the bill and announces the total is $33,000. However, they become very surprised when the cashier informs them the bill has been paid in full by Mateo. Ariel is upset because Mateo never said good-bye to her and he promised he would. Finally they go outside and there's a full moon. Johnny and Christy decides to lie for the sake of Ariel . They pretend to see Mateo flying by the moon (like ET) and waving goodbye. They ask Ariel 'do you see him?'. And she keeps insisting she can't see anything, but finally she says 'I see him'! And waves good bye. Then Christy asks for her 3rd wish from Frankie. She asks him to help their Dad say goodbye. She tells Johnny to say goodbye to Frankie. He waves and says goodbye and starts crying for the first time since Frankie died. 
 Blood Diamond (2006)541) A fisherman, a smuggler, and a syndicate of businessmen match wits over the possession of a priceless diamond. A story following Archer, a man tortured by his roots. With a strong survival instinct, he has made himself a key player in the business of conflict diamonds. Political unrest is rampant in Sierra Leone as people fight tooth for tooth. Upon meeting Solomon, and the beautiful Maddy, Archer's life changes forever as he is given a chance to make peace with the war around him. Miist In 1999, in Sierra Leone, the fisherman Solomon Vandy dreams on the day that his young son Dia Vandy will become a doctor. His dreams are shattered when the rebels invade his village and kidnap him to work in the diamond mines. Solomon finds a huge pink diamond and while hiding it, the commandant of the rebels sees, but the rebels are attacked and Salomon is arrested by the government army. While in jail, the wounded commandant tell the prisoners that Salomon found the stone, and the mercenary smuggler Danny Archer from Zimbabwe releases Salomon and proposes to exchange the diamond by his missing family. Using the idealistic American journalist Maddy Bowen, Danny locates the wife and daughters of Salomon in a refugee camp, but is informed that his son has been recruited by the rebels. Salomon and Danny consolidate a partnership, with Salomon looking for and finding his son, and Danny looking for the diamond and finding redemption. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Set against the backdrop of civil war and chaos in 1990's Sierra Leone, Blood Diamond is the story of Danny Archer - an ex mercenary from Zimbabwe - and Solomon Vandy - a Mende fisherman. Both men are African, but their histories as different as any can be, until their fates become joined in a common quest to recover a rare pink diamond that can transform their lives. While in prison for smuggling, Archer learns that Solomon - who was taken from his family and forced to work in the diamond fields - has found and hidden the extraordinary rough stone. With the help of Maddy Bowen, an American journalist whose idealism is tempered by a deepening connection with Archer, the two men embark on a trek through rebel territory, a journey that could save Solomon's family and give Archer the second chance he thought he would never have. Production Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set during the Sierra Leone Civil War in 1999, the film shows a country torn apart by the struggle between government soldiers and rebel forces. The film portrays many of the atrocities of that war, including the rebels' amputation of people's hands to stop them from voting in upcoming elections. The film begins with the capture of Solomon Vandy (Djimon Hounsou), a Mende fisherman, by the Revolutionary United Front (RUF) rebels when they invade the small Sierra Leonian village of Shenge. Separated from his family, Solomon is enslaved to work in the diamond fields under the command of Captain Poison (David Harewood) while his son Dia is conscripted into the rebel forces, the brainwashing eventually turning him into a hardened killer. The RUF use the diamonds to fund their war effort, often trading them directly for arms. While working in the RUF diamond fields as a forced laborer, Solomon finds a large diamond of rare pink colouring. Moments before government troops launch an attack, Captain Poison sees Solomon hiding the diamond. Captain Poison is injured in the attack before he can get the stone, and both he and Solomon are taken to prison in Freetown, the capital of Sierra Leone. Danny Archer (Leonardo DiCaprio), an Anglo ex-mercenary from Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe), trades arms for diamonds with an RUF commander. He is imprisoned after being caught smuggling the diamonds into neighboring Liberia, and the diamonds are confiscated. He had been transporting the diamonds to a South African mercenary named Colonel Coetzee (Arnold Vosloo), who is in turn employed by South African diamond company executive Van De Kaap (Marius Weyers) and his deputy Simmons (Michael Sheen). Coetzee is Archer's former commander in 32 Battalion, the most decorated unit of the South African Border War, made up of Angolan and Rhodesian soldiers and white South African officers. Archer is desperate for a way to repay Colonel Coetzee for the diamonds taken from him when he was arrested and thrown in jail, in the same prison as the fisherman. While in prison, he overhears Captain Poison ranting to Solomon about the discovery of the large diamond and decides to hunt down the stone. He arranges for Solomon's release from prison and offers to help him find his family in exchange for the diamond. Archer and Solomon find their way to Maddy Bowen (Jennifer Connelly), an American journalist, who helps Solomon track down his family. Bowen soon learns that Archer is using Solomon to find his diamond and will eventually steal it for himself, to leave Africa forever. Bowen, a humanitarian, refuses to help Archer unless he can tell her about the diamond market to stop the flow of blood diamonds out of Africa, cutting off funding for Civil War and ending a mass revolution. Archer gives Bowen the information that she wants and gets access to use the press convoy to travel to Kono to find the diamond. The convoy is attacked and Archer, Solomon and Bowen escape and find their way to the South African mercenary force under Colonel Coetzee. There they learn of the attack force preparing to retake Sierra Leone -- a reference to the actual 1995 hiring of South African security firm Executive Outcomes by the provisional government of Sierra Leone. The two men leave the camp on foot while Bowen boards a plane carrying foreigners out of the conflict zone. After an arduous overnight trek, the men reach the mining camp in a river valley, still under RUF control, where Solomon discovered and buried the large diamond. Here, Solomon is painfully reunited with his son Dia, who refuses to acknowledge him because he has been brainwashed by the rebels. Solomon is also reunited with Captain Poison, who orders him to find the diamond, but the South African mercenary force, also after the diamond, dispatches the RUF rebels in a massive air strike which kills many of the RUF rebels and some of the miners. Amist the choas, Solomon suffers from temporary insanity and kills Poison with a shovel. Through a deal with Archer, Colonel Coetzee forces Solomon to retrieve the stone. In a desperate battle, Archer kills Coetzee and the other two soldiers with him after realizing that they would have killed both Archer and Solomon upon locating the diamond. At this point Dia holds Archer and Solomon at gunpoint with a pistol, but Solomon manages to convince him to side with them. As Archer overturns a body to take equipment he realizes he has been shot, but keeps this to himself. Having arranged in advance for a plane to pick him up, he radios to the pilot, Benjamin Kapanay (Basil Wallace), who demands that Archer dump Solomon and Dia. Slowly and painfully the group makes its way from the valley towards an airstrip atop a nearby ridge. Archer collapses, unable to climb, and Solomon carries him a little ways before Archer has him put him down. He tells Solomon to take Dia home, knowing that he is dying, and gives them the diamond. Archer holds off the soldiers chasing them while Solomon and Dia flee, and then makes a final phone call to Bowen, asking her to help Solomon as a last favor before looking out over the beautiful landscape of Africa once more and dying peacefully. With the help of Bowen, Solomon trades the diamond to Simmons for a large sum of money and the reunification of his family, making the exchange as Solomon's wife and children deplane from a Lear Jet at a London airport. Bowen, who secretly photographs the deal, later publishes a magazine piece exposing the trade in "conflict" or "blood" diamonds. The film ends with Solomon smiling at the photograph Maddy took of Archer earlier, now published in her magazine along with the complete story of their journey, before addressing a conference on blood diamonds in Kimberley, South Africa, describing his experiences. This refers to an actual meeting that took place in Kimberley in 2000 and led to the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme, which seeks to certify the origin of diamonds in order to curb the trade in conflict diamonds. 
 Guardians of the Galaxy (2014)651) A group of intergalactic criminals must pull together to stop a fanatical warrior with plans to purge the universe. After stealing a mysterious orb in the far reaches of outer space, Peter Quill from Earth is now the main target of a manhunt led by the villain known as Ronan the Accuser. To help fight Ronan and his team and save the galaxy from his power, Quill creates a team of space heroes known as the "Guardians of the Galaxy" to save the galaxy. James Hake After discovering a mysterious orb in another part of the galaxy, Peter Quill from Earth, is now the main target of a manhunt led by the genocidal villain Ronan the Accuser. Being hunted across the galaxy, Quill gets lumped together with a group of misfits that need to learn how to get along before they can become the "Guardians of the Galaxy". ahmetkozan Kidnapped by aliens when he was young, Peter Quill now travels the galaxy salvaging anything of value for resale. When he comes across a silver orb however, he gets more than he's bargained for. The orb is highly desired many but by none so powerful as Ronan. When Ronan finally acquires it, it's left to Peter and his newfound friends Gamora, Drax, Groot and Rocket to stop him. garykmcd Nearly three decades after a close encounter of the fourth kind, the intergalactic outlaw, Peter Quill, aka Star-Lord, steals a precious artefact known as the Orb, intent on selling it. Now, the notorious scavenger has to form an uneasy alliance with his fellow inmates--Thanos' adopted daughter, Gamora; the former criminal, Drax the Destroyer; the genetically enhanced creature, Rocket Raccoon, and the plant-like organism, Groot--to thwart the evil plans of the radical Kree warlord, Ronan the Accuser. Are the mismatched Guardians of the Galaxy the cosmos' last hope? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Earth, 1988: Young Peter Quill ( Wyatt Oleff ) sits in the waiting room of a hospital, listening with headphones to "Awesome Mix Tape no. 1" on his Walkman. His grandpa ( Gregg Henry ) comes out and gets him so he can say goodbye to his mom, who is dying from a brain tumor. His mom gives him a present and tells him his father was an angel, and that Peter is just like him. She asks for his hand, but he's too scared to take it. Just then, she dies. The distraught Peter runs outside and is abducted by a spaceship. Morag, 2014: On the planet Morag, an adult Peter Quill, a.k.a. Star-lord ( Chris Pratt ), is searching for a mysterious Orb whilst listening to Awesome Mix Tape no. 1. He finds the Orb and takes it out of a laser enclosure. Almost immediately, he is ambushed by Korath the Pursuer ( Djimon Hounsou ) and his henchmen. After a shootout, Peter makes it to his ship, the Milano, and escapes. His father figure, Yondu Udonta, ( Michael Rooker ) who heads the Ravager platoon that raised Peter, calls and tells Peter to give him the Orb. Peter decides he's going to sell it on his own. After Peter hangs up, Yondu's men reprimand him for always being soft on Peter despite his constant betrayals, which Yondu brushes off, being more interested in finding out who else is interested in the Orb. Korath returns to the Dark Aster, a Kree warship led by a genocidal tyrant, Ronan the Accuser ( Lee Pace ), who seeks to destroy the planet of Xandar after their people killed his father and grandfather. Korath reports that he failed in getting the Orb and that it's in the hands of Peter. Ronan wants the Orb because he can trade it to Thanos in exchange for Thanos destroying Xandar. Ronan decides to send Thanos' daughter Nebula ( Karen Gillan ) after Peter, but her sister Gamora ( Zoe Saldana ) volunteers. Over Nebula's complaints, Ronan sends Gamora. On the planet Xandar, Peter takes the Orb to a broker ( Christopher Fairbank ) and asks what it is, because Ronan's goons are after it too. On hearing Ronan's name, the broker immediately backs out, not wanting anything to do with the orb, and removes Peter from the shop. Outside, Gamora jumps Peter and tries to retrieve the Orb herself. As they fight, they are ambushed by Rocket Raccoon ( Bradley Cooper ) and Groot ( Vin Diesel ), seeking to claim a bounty on Peter. ( Stan Lee has a cameo appearance as an old man on Xandar, chatting up a young lady. Rocket calls him a pervert.). Its not too long before Peter, Gamora, Rocket, and Groot are arrested by the Nova Corps, and after processing, are sent to a space prison called the Kyln. Pretty much everyone in prison wants to kill Gamora because she's the daughter of Thanos. One of the inmates, Drax the Destroyer ( Dave Bautista ), has a vendetta against her because Ronan killed his wife and daughter, so he wants to avenge them by taking the life of one of Ronan's family members in return. Gamora explains that she's not related to Ronan and she was planning on double crossing him. Peter argues in Gamora's favor. Meanwhile, Ronan is summoned to meet Thanos at his at his domain in an asteroid field. Ronan reports to Thanos ( Josh Brolin ) that Gamora is a traitor, and kills one of Thanos's underlings for showing disrespect to him. Thanos tells him to take care of her and get the Orb, threatening to kill him if he doesn't. He also notes that Gamora is his favorite daughter, which angers Nebula. Back a the Kyln, Gamora has a plan to sell the Orb to someone else. Peter, Rocket, and Groot agree to help and split the reward. Rocket has a plan to escape the prison. He needs one of the guard's wrist devices, a prisoner's prosthetic leg and a battery from a tall column in the prison. As he explains that it's very important to take the battery last, Groot grabs it first. The alarms go off and security droids fly in. Gamora goes to get a wrist device as Peter negotiates for the prisoner's leg. Drax decides to join in the escape, realizing that eventually Ronan will go after Gamora and then he can kill Ronan himself. Everyone gets the item they agreed to get, and they all make it to a guard station near the top of the prison. Rocket is surprised that Peter actually got the leg and says that he (Rocket) was only kidding, and he didn't really need it. Just as it seems that they have run out of time, Rocket rigs up the stuff to turn off the gravity in the prison and to use the security droids as jets to fly the guard station out of the prison. They escape, but Peter leaves the others, telling Rocket that he left something behind. It turns out that he is retrieving his Walkman with the Awesome Mix Tape from one of the guards. Yondu goes to his broker and finds out Peter still has the Orb. Threatening the broker with his arrow, he gets the man to reveal where Peter might have traveled. Everyone on Peter's ship gets to know one another better. They don't like each other at all. Soon they arrive at Knowhere (a space station built in the severed head of a Celestial) to meet with the Collector. While they wait for their appointment, Drax, Rocket, and Groot get drunk and gamble. Gamora and Peter bond over music. He explains that his mom made him the mix tape of her favorite songs. She listens and likes it. He asks her to dance, but she doesn't trust him. He says it reminds him of an old fable about other people who didn't dance, called Footloose. He makes a pass at her, but she says she's not one of the doe-eyed girls he's used to and she won't fall for his pelvic sorcery. Before they can meet with the Collector, Drax, Rocket, and Groot (all drunk) get into a big fight. Drax thinks Groot is dumb and Rocket is tired of people calling him a rodent. Peter talks them out of fighting. The Collector's assistant fetches them and they all go to meet him. Drax goes off on his own and makes a call to Ronan. The Collector ( Benicio Del Toro ) has a giant assortment of collectibles from all over the galaxy, including Howard the Duck and Cosmo the Soviet space dog. The Collector puts the orb into a kind of lathe, which unscrews the two halves of the Orb to reveal that it's a capsule for an Infinity Stone. The Collector explains that the Infinity Stones are six singularities created during the Big Bang. There are more of them and they can destroy planets. The Collector's assistant suddenly grabs the stone, trying to kill him. The Infinity Stone is poisoning her, and then she and everything in the area blow up. Most of the people survive, along with Cosmo. Peter and the others manage to escape with the Orb holding the Infinity Stone. They decide the safest place to take the stone is Nova Headquarters. It's too dangerous to be anywhere else. Suddenly the group is ambushed by Ronan and his crew, responding to Drax's call. Yondu's Ravager platoon also shows up, having tracked Peter down from the broker. Gamora, Rocket and Quill take off in single passenger ships while Nebula and some of Ronan's goons chase after them. Drax tries to fight Ronan, but gets beaten up badly. Nebula chases Gamora's ship above the atmosphere and blows it up. Nebula gets the Infinity Stone and leaves Gamora floating in space to die. Peter realizes that he can't allow Gamora to die, so he calls Yondu to tell him where he is, then exits his ship, and floats to Gamora, where he gives her his gas mask to keep her alive. Yondu arrives and collects Peter and Gamora with a tractor beam right before they can freeze to death. This is where we see that Yondu's ship is the same ship that abducted Peter as a child. Meanwhile, onboard the Dark Aster, Ronan tells Thanos that now that he (Ronan) has the Infinity Stone, he can cut Thanos out of the deal. Instead, he will destroy Xandar himself and then go after Thanos. He puts the Infinity Stone into his hammer. Back on Yondu's ship, Yondu is going to kill Peter for double-crossing him, but he reconsiders when Peter says that he has a plan to get the Orb back. Meanwhile on Knowhere, Drax, Groot, and Rocket decide to join forces and save Peter and Gamora from Yondu. They fly the Milano to Yondu's ship and threaten to blow it up with a special weapon Rocket built unless Yondu releases Peter and Gamora. Peter emerges from the crowd aboard Yondu's ship, and persuades Rocket that he doesn't need to be rescued. Now on board the Milano, Peter explains that they must prevent Ronan from touching the Infinity Stone to the ground of Xandar, which will wipe out the planet, and that he has a plan to stop Ronan. The others ask Peter if he really has a plan, or if he was lying. He says he has part of a plan. After much discussion, he says that he has 12% of a plan. Everyone scoffs, except Groot who says (translated by Rocket) that this is more than 11% of a plan. Rocket says that they will most likely die if they try to stop Ronan. Peter points out that they've already lost so much, that at this point they have nothing to lose. Slowly, each of them stands up and announces that he will join the fight against Ronan. Peter warns the Nova Corps that Ronan is coming to destroy them and they should get ready, telling them that they should believe his message, because he's not 100% a dick. Rocket's idea is to blow a hole in Ronan's ship so Peter, Groot, Drax and Gamora can board it. Gamora is going to cut the power for Ronan's security and then they're going to blow him up with a cannon that Rocket made. They start the plan. Rocket blows a hole in the Dark Aster and then helps Yondu and his men defend Xandar against Ronan's fighter ships. Yondu is shot down. On the ground, told to surrender, he instead uses his arrow to take out an entire platoon of goons. On the Dark Aster, Gamora and Nebula get into a big fight, while Drax, Peter and Groot go to the bridge of the ship. Dozens of Nova ships link together to form a giant net and slow the descent of the Dark Aster. Gamora finally beats Nebula, who falls, landing on a Ravager ship and commandeers it, throwing the Pilot of the ship out the window and flying away. Ronan orders his ships to kamikaze into Xandar. Rocket and Yondu's men shoot as many of the ships down as they can. Almost to the bridge, Drax kills Korath. Groot grows a long thin branch and thrashes a large number of Ronan's men. Eventually, everyone makes it to the bridge to fight Ronan. Again, he's too strong for them, but Peter manages to shoot Ronan with Rocket's super cannon, to no avail. Rocket crashes the Milano into the bridge and seems to have destroyed Ronan. The entire ship is plummeting towards Xandar, so Groot forms a giant nest around all of them for safety. Rocket is upset because he knows that what Groot is doing will end up killing him. Groot, who up to this point has only said "I Am Groot," responds with "We are Groot." The ship crashes. Everyone except Groot is okay. Groot is a pile of twigs strewn all about. The battle is not over though, because Ronan is still alive and well. He sarcastically calls Peter and his crew the Guardians of the Galaxy. As he raises his hammer for a final blow, Quill stands up and starts to dance to the song "Ooh-ooh Child," and challenges Ronan to a dance-off. Ronan is confused, until Peter reveals it was all one big distraction, as Drax and Rocket shoot Ronan's hammer at Ronan, releasing the Infinity Stone. Peter grabs the stone before Ronan can. Peter starts to be affected in the same way as the Collector's assistant. Holding the stone is going to kill him, but Gamora tells him to take her hand. He flashes back to when he didn't have the courage to take his mom's hand, and he now grabs Gamora's. Drax and Rocket hold hands with the others, and the power from the Infinity Stone is spread among the four of them, causing a burst of energy that vaporizes Ronan. Rocket collects one of the sticks that was once Groot. Yondu appears and demands the Stone as per his original deal with Peter. Peter hands him the Orb. As Yondu and his men take off, one of them notes that he likes Peter and he's glad they didn't take him back to his dad like they were supposed to all those years ago. Gamora is upset that Peter gave up the stone. Peter reveals that he switched the Orbs, and he still has the one with the stone. At Nova HQ, they turn over the Orb that contains the Infinity Stone and Peter learns he's only half human and half something ancient and unknown. They speculate that his nonhuman genes allowed him to hold the Infinity Stone without dying. There is a party on Yondu's ship. His crew is celebrating but Yondu looks suspiciously at the Orb and then decides to open it. In it is a troll doll. He smiles. Peter finally opens the present his mom gave him before she died. It's a cassette labeled "Awesome Mix Tape no. 2." He asks the Guardians where they want to go. Gamora says, "You lead, Star-lord." He asks if they want something good or something bad. He then decides they should do something that is both. Rocket holds a pot in which he has stuck the stick that he retrieved after Groot's sacrifice. We can see the face of a tiny Groot on the stick. End Credits During the credits, the baby Groot (slightly larger than in the previous scene) dances in his pot to Quill's 1980s music, with Drax in the background. The baby Groot stops when Drax looks at him, but he starts again when Drax looks away. After the credits: The Collector is sitting on the wreckage, drinking, when Cosmo the Soviet space dog comes up and licks his face. We hear a voice that says that's gross. The camera turns to reveal Howard the Duck sitting on a broken cage, drinking as well. 