nm0011234:

 One Step Beyond (19591961)Summaries Produced at the same time as the more well-known The Twilight Zone (1959), this series was an extension of the tradition of radio horror and supernatural dramas such as Light's Out, The Mysterious Traveler and The Witches Tale. As with the Twilight Zone and the radio programs each tale was book-ended by an introduction and conclusion by a host. However, rather than creating fictional stories with supernatural twists and turns, this program sought out "real" stories of the supernatural, including ghosts, disappearances, monsters and the like, re-creating them for each episode. No solutions to these mysteries were ever found, and viewers could only scratch their heads and wonder, "what if it's real?" Jean-Marc Rocher It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sea Hunt (19581961)211) Mike Nelson is a S.C.U.B.A. diver in the days when it was still very new. He works alone, and the plot was mostly carried through his voice-over narrations. These gave the show a flavor of a radio program. Typical adventures were finding a downed satellite or sunken treasure. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the early days of SCUBA diving opened up a new world, Sea Hunt portrayed diverse underwater adventures. Mike Nelson (played by Lloyd Bridges) is in the Coast Guard Auxiliary, and although this does not play into most episodes, it supports his diving expertise through training in and work with the Coast Guard and Navy which includes demolition. Mike finds himself in adventures that include performing rescues, solving mysteries, conducting undersea exploration and scientific experiments, testing new technologies, fighting crime, and locating anything from sunken ships to satellites and spacecraft. Sometimes, he is just in the wrong place at the wrong time, and we experience him resolving the situation and getting himself out of a predicament. Voice-overs help viewers understand what in taking place in the silence of the deep and to gain from his knowledge as he also explains his thoughts to educate us in and entice us to go into the fascinating world he visits in each episode. Several episodes feature Lloyd Bridges real-life young sons Beau and Jeff Bridges, as well as other soon-to-be stars early in their career. 
 Forbidden Island (1959)Summaries Skindiver tries to recover sunken treasure before a group of thieves learn of its existence. A group of skin divers, led by Dave Courtney, are hired by Edward Godfrey to locate a priceless emerald buried in a sunken ship in the South Pacific. Along for the trip is Joanne, forced by Godfrey to pose as his wife. Diver Dean Pike finds evidence underwater that Godfrey had murdered his real wife. Godfrey damages Pike's diving equipment and Pike dies before telling what he has found. Courteny has been suspicious of Godfrey so the latter tries to frame him for Pike's death. Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Code 3 (1957)Summaries Code 3 is an American crime drama that aired in syndication in 1957. The stories were all based on actual files of the Los Angeles sheriff's office. Stories were presented from the viewpoint of Assistant Sheriff George Barnett. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 