nm0005530:

 Rim of the World (2019)321) Four misfit campers must band together and conquer their fears in order to save the world during an alien invasion. Summer camp at Rim of the World has barely begun when four misfit teenagers -- Alex, ZhenZhen, Dariush, and Gabriel -- find they've got bigger problems to face than learning how to canoe and climb ropes when aliens suddenly invade the planet. Alone in a campground once teeming with people, the kids are unexpectedly entrusted with a key that carries the secret to stopping the invasion. Without any adults or electronics to help guide the way, it's clear what they must do: band together, conquer their fears, and save the world. Netflix Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Alex, a socially reclusive boy who recently lost his father in a fire, reluctantly attends a summer camp in southern California called "Rim of the World". He meets two other "misfits" - Zhen Zhen, an orphan from China, and Dariush, an outspoken boy from a rich family. One afternoon, while in a lake, Zhen Zhen wanders off into the woods, looking for the lookout point she had seen on a camp poster, while Alex attempts to follow. He comes across Dariush, who happens to be nearby answering the call of nature. Dariush mistakenly tries to 'cure' Alex's fear of heights by making him stand near a cliff edge, and Gabriel, a boy they hadn't seen at camp before, intervenes and helps stop Dariush from trying to 'cure' Alex's fear of heights. Zhen Zhen, hearing the commotion, comes back down and meets up with the boys. At that moment, they all receive alarming texts advising they immediately evacuate the area. While hurrying back, they find out that other campers have left the lake and they witness alien ships invading the valley. The kids head back to the camp, and afterward discover the camp to be empty of people - all except for Conrad, a camp counselor. Suddenly, a Dragon spacecraft fleeing the International Space Station lands heavily nearby. The dying astronaut inside the spacecraft gives Alex a key, with instructions that it should be taken to NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab (JPL) facility in Pasadena, and that it was the only way to destroy the aliens. An alien appears with its "dog" and kills the astronaut. Alex and his friends try to hide out and Conrad gets killed, but the kids manage to elude the aliens and escape the camp. They make their way to the sheriff's office and discover an inmate, Lou, who has been left behind in the cells. Alex decides to release him before the group continues on their way to JPL. Later, the group encounters Marines who are evacuating civilians. The commander gratefully takes the key and puts the children on a bus to safety. However, alien ships attack the vehicle convoy and the soldiers are killed, whereupon Alex retrieves the key and the group sets out for JPL once more. During the night, after briefly taking refuge in Gabriel's old house, Gabriel explains that he is an escapee from juvie, where he was placed due to a misunderstanding at his mother's store, in which a man assumed Gabriel was attempting to steal his change at the deposit box, and unaware of Gabriel's dyscalculia. Sometime after, they are attacked by a gang of masked individuals, led by Lou. He agrees to let the kids go, but only if Alex gives him the key, which Lou thinks he can sell on the black market. Alex refuses and Lou attempts to kill Alex with a knife, but right before Lou attacks him, the alien from the camp appears and attacks them all. Lou is killed, but the kids manage to escape after trapping the alien in a backyard swimming pool. While they are walking in the forest, Dariush and Gabriel fight and Dariush reveals that his father lost their car dealership, meaning he will go to jail, hence the reason why Dariush was placed at camp. The kids walk into a mall and change clothes. After that, the group takes a car in the parking, which they discover Zhen Zhen is able to drive, to quickly journey the rest of the way to JPL, but they are again attacked by the pursuing alien. They abandon the vehicle while trying to escape the alien and realize that they left the key in the car. Dariush attempts to go alone to get the key, only to be injured by the alien in the process, but manages to get away with the key. The group finally make it to the JPL facility, but find that the doctor they were trying to reach is dead. The kids are able to make radio contact with a general at NORAD, who explains that the key holds information that can be used to destroy the alien mothership in orbit via a Cold War defense project named Excalibur. Zhen Zhen goes into the basement to restart the power generators, where she is attacked by an alien dog, while Alex goes to the roof to realign the communication dish, where he is attacked by the alien. Zhen Zhen manages to lock the dog in the basement and returns to the command room to help Gabriel and the injured Dariush insert the keys that will launch the Excalibur weapon. Zhen Zhen, Dariush, and Gabriel evacuate the JPL building, while Alex lures the alien into an engine test room and kills it with the engine's exhaust. The teens watch from the ground as the alien mothership is blown up in the atmosphere. Alex is reunited with his mother and the children are celebrated as heroes. 
 Freaky (2020)321) After swapping bodies with a deranged serial killer, a young girl in high school discovers she has less than 24 hours before the change becomes permanent. Seventeen-year-old Millie Kessler spends her days trying to survive high school and the cruel actions of the popular crowd. But when she becomes the latest target of the Butcher, the town's infamous serial killer, her senior year becomes the least of her worries. When the Butcher's mystical dagger causes him and Millie to magically switch bodies, the frightened teen learns she has just 24 hours to get her identity back before she looks like a middle-aged maniac forever. krmanirethnam Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On Wednesday the 11th, four teenagers are brutally murdered by a serial killer known as the Blissfield Butcher (Vince Vaughn), who was previously thought only to be an urban legend. During his murder spree, the Butcher steals a dagger known as EL DOLO (actual name unconfirmed) from a collection of ancient artifacts kept in the teenager's house where the murders took place. The next day, high school student Millie Kessler (Kathryn Newton) suffers bullying from various students, including cheerleader Ryler (Melissa Collazo), and teacher, Mr. Fletcher (Alan Ruck). Millie finds solace in her friends, Nyla (Celeste O'Connor) and Josh (Misha Osherovich), who is gay, and her crush, Booker (Uriah Shelton). Josh tries to convince Millie that she's "a piece," while Nyla fears that Millie is so concerned with taking care of her mother that she fails to take care of herself. Millie lives with her older sister, police office Charlene "Char" Kessler (Dana Drori), and alcoholic mother, Paula Kessler (Katie Finneran). Her father died one year ago. Despite the emergency alert of the butchered teenagers, Blissfield Valley High School maintains its plans to host a homecoming dance on Friday the 13th. Against the protests of Nyla and Josh, Millie plans to skip the homecoming dance and spend the night at a theater play with her mother instead. That night, the night of Thursday the 12th, Millie works as the high school mascot, a beaver, for the homecoming football game. She declines a ride home from Nyla and Josh and instead waits for her mother to pick her up. Unbeknownst to Millie, her mother has suffered another alcoholic fit and is passed out on the couch. Night comes and the high school crowd disperses, leaving Millie alone, still waiting for her mother. As she waits, she spots the Blissfield Butcher across the street. As the Butcher begins to approach, Millie runs underneath the stands of the football stadium to hide. As she attempts to escape, she is tackled by the Butcher. The Butcher stabs Millie in the left shoulder with EL DOLO, causing an identical wound to appear on his left shoulder. Charlene arrives and shoots her gun in the air to scare off the Butcher. The police keep EL DOLO as evidence. The next day, Friday the 13th, the Butcher awakes in the body of Millie in her bedroom. Meanwhile, Millie awakes in the body of the Butcher on a filthy mattress in an abandoned shack. In Millie's body, the Butcher attempts to stab an oblivious Charlene in the back with a kitchen knife but is intervened by Millie's oblivious mother. "Millie's" strange behavior is attributed to shock from her attack. The Butcher decides to go to school in Millie's body to find more teenagers to kill. The Butcher gives Millie's body an updated appearance, wearing a high ponytail and red lipstick and borrowing a red leather jacket from Charlene. This new appearance gives "Millie" attention from her previous bullies, including the football team. While at school, the Butcher ignores Nyla and Josh. He kills Ryler by locking her in a cryo-tank. As he exits the murder scene, he is at first shocked by the appearance of two police officers walking down the hall but quickly realizes that they do not suspect him since he is in the body of a teenage girl. The real Millie, trapped in the Butcher's body, sneaks into school to try to find her friends. Sketch drawings of the Butcher is all over the news, so Millie must keep a low profile to avoid being recognized. She also struggles to adjust to her new body's newfound strength and size. Millie finds Nyla and Josh, who recognize her as the Butcher, and begins chasing them in an attempt to explain her situation. After a mild scuffle in the kitchen of the high school, Millie is able to disarm her friends long enough for her to do the school mascot's dance routine and their friendship handshake, proving that she is Millie after all. Nyla and Josh ask their Spanish teacher to translate an article about EL DOLO, which reveals that Millie has until midnight to stab the Butcher with EL DOLO or else the body switch will be permanent. Millie, Nyla, and Josh realize that the Butcher is "a wolf in sheep's clothing" and set out to find him. When they find the Butcher in the school hallways, he cries out for help, drawing the attention of police officers, students, and teachers in the school. Millie, Nyla, and Josh escape in Josh's car. They are chased by Charlene, who is on duty. They escape to the Discount Bonanza store, where Millie's mother works. Millie hides in a changing room, where she and her mother have a meaningful conversation through the changing room door. The exchange ends with Paula asking "the Butcher" on a date, to which Millie declines politely and says "he" is a married man. The Butcher kills Mr. Fletcher. Nyla and Josh find an Aaron Rodgers mask for Millie to don to avoid being recognized. As they leave the store, Josh discovers that the Butcher is at an arcade with a few members of the football team. The Butcher lures Booker into a laser tag arena. Millie, Nyla, and Josh arrive to save Booker. Millie knocks the Butcher and Booker unconscious. At Josh's house, Millie ties the Butcher to a chair. She and Nyla try to explain the situation to Booker, but he remains unconvinced until Millie recites a love poem that she anonymously slipped into his locker a few weeks earlier. Josh stays at his house with the Butcher while Millie, Nyla, and Booker go to the police station to obtain EL DOLO. Nyla enters the police station and tricks Charlene, the only police officer at the station, to look for the Butcher outside. While Charlene is outside, Nyla steals her keys and obtains EL DOLO from the evidence locker. Millie and Booker wait in the car and have a meaningful conversation in which Booker reveals he's liked Millie "from day one." Millie confides to him the newfound strength she feels being in the Butcher's body and not being bullied, but Booker tells her that strength is in your heart and your mind, not your size, and that Millie is really a lot stronger than she thinks she is. Josh's mother arrives home early to find "Millie" tied up in their kitchen. Josh attempts to convince his mother that he is actually straight and this is just part of sexual role playing. However, the Butcher slips out of the ropes tied around his wrists and chases Josh and his mother down the hallway with a kitchen knife. At the police station, Charlene catches Nyla stealing EL DOLO. Millie sees the Butcher run into the police station and follows in after him. Charlene attempts to put Millie in a jail cell, but Millie overpowers her and apologetically locks her in the cell instead. The Butcher escapes in a police car and almost runs over Josh. At the homecoming dance, the Butcher kills four football players. Millie, Nyla, Josh, and Booker drive back to the homecoming dance in search of the Butcher. Booker sets an alarm on Millie's Apple watch for midnight. They find the Butcher, and Nyla and Josh tackle him and hold him down while Booker staves off the police. As Millie prepares to stab him, her alarm beeps, indicating that it's too late and the curse is permanent. However, Josh notices that the bell hasn't rung yet, and Millie remembers when Booker gave her advice to set her clock five minutes late to prevent being late to classes. Millie realizes it is actually 11:55 PM and stabs the Butcher. They switch bodies just as the police discover the Butcher (now in his own body) and shoot him down. While in an ambulance, the Butcher removes his fingertip pulse oximeter to fake his death. Meanwhile, Charlene and Paula go to sleep. Millie discovers the back door open and is attacked by the Butcher. The Butcher torments her. He says that after being in her body, he understands why she's so anxious and weak. Charlene appears and orders the Butcher to freeze. She attempts to fire her gun, but the Butcher reveals he removed all its bullets. Suddenly, Paula smashes a wine bottle the Butcher's head. He quickly overpowers all three women, throwing Charlene into the TV, punching Paula in the face, and head-butting Millie. Millie admits that she also learned something from being in his body-that "having balls sucks." She kicks the Butcher in the balls and stabs him in the chest with a wooden post. She looks down at the dying Butcher and utters, "I am a f---ing piece." 
 Ice House (1989)Summaries Pake has left a good paying job working in the oil fields of Texas in order to give the music business a try. Eventually he finds himself alone and with no money in a hotel room in Los Angeles. He sets up a meeting with his old girlfriend Kay. When he meets her, she is with her fiancee. He is a Greek immigrant who desperately needs to marry Kay in order to become a permanent resident in this country. However his plans are in trouble because of Pake trying to convince Kay to go back to Texas with him and get married. anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Black Scorpion (2001)Summaries The City of Angels is falling apart, and crime pervades the city to the core. The mayor is corrupt, the police are inept, the city needs a figure to take control of the situation. Then in the light of day Darcy Walker is a cop, but in the dark of night she becomes the Black Scorpion. She does with a mask what she can't do with a badge. This is vigilante justice, old school style. Jeff (DrkAngel_113) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 