nm0010306:

 Defiance (20132015)431) Life in the city of Defiance, in a near future after the arrival of different alien lifeforms to Earth. In the year 2046, it's a new Earth - with new rules. Over thirty years after various alien races arrived on Earth, the landscape is completely altered, terraformed nearly beyond recognition. To the town of Defiance, on what used to be St. Louis, comes the mysterious Nolan (Grant Bowler) and his charge, Irisa (Stephanie Leonidas). As they settle into town - overseen by the mayor, Amanda Rosewater (Julie Benz) and filled with residents like the powerful Rafe McCawley (Graham Greene), enterprising lounge owner Kenya (Mia Kirshner) and the ambitious, alien Tarrs (Tony Curran and Jack Mehoff) - events begin to unfold that threaten the fragile peace this border town has fought for. Official site Set on a future Earth, Defiance introduces players and viewers to a world where humans and aliens live together on a planet ravaged by decades of war and transformed by alien terra-forming machines. It centers on Jeb Nolan, the law-keeper in a bustling frontier boomtown that is one of the new world's few oasis of civility and inclusion. Nolan is a former Marine who fought in the alien conflict and suffered the loss of his wife and child in the war. The trauma transformed him into a lone wanderer in the wilds of this new and dangerous world. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The series is set in the near future, where aliens known collectively as Votans have come to Earth seeking a new home after their solar system was destroyed. However, when they reached Earth, they discovered despite a prolonged negotiation with the government on Earth, they were not welcome. Rather than turn away, they began a war with the humans as they are determined to make Earth their new home. During the war, the Votans dropped terraformers on the planet and transformed the surface; scorching the earth, opening chasms in the ground and covering the surface of the planet in dust and debris. After decades of war, a ceasefire is declared when both sides realise they must focus on survival on this new almost alien planet. The series largely revolves around the character of Jeb Nolan. Jeb was only ten years old when the Votans arrived and he served in the military during the war. With the war now over, he returns to his hometown of St Louis to find it's is no longer the city he left; it is little more than refugee camp. Deciding his services are needed, Jeb takes up a position as the Chief Lawkeeper in Defiance, so he can protect the town from dangerous clashes between humans, aliens, military scavengers and other dangerous visitors who occasionally enter the town 
 Self/less (2015)651) A dying real estate mogul transfers his consciousness into a healthy young body, but soon finds that neither the procedure nor the company that performed it are quite what they seem. An extremely wealthy man, dying from cancer, undergoes a radical medical procedure that transfers his consciousness into the body of a healthy young man. But all is not as it seems when he starts to uncover the mystery of the body's origin and the organization that will kill to protect its cause. Anonymous Without a single doubt, time is running out for New York's powerful and successful real-estate magnate, Damian Hale. Battling terminal cancer, the dying billionaire will get a new lease on life, when the shady Phoenix BioGenetic organisation's cutting-edge "Shedding" procedure offers the choice to start afresh, in a vigorous young body. However, as Damian's consciousness settles in a pristine new host, strange hallucinations of a borrowed life will be the first set of unforeseen drawbacks. Is this the institute's take on immortality? Nick Riganas A dying New York real-estate tycoon undergoes a top-secret procedure to transfer his consciousness into the body of a healthy young man, but he discovers that his new life isn't what he expected after learning about the mysterious origins of his new body and an organization that is prepared to kill for its cause.. The body of sixty-eight year old New York City based cutthroat real estate development mogul Damian Hale is being ravaged by cancer, he not having much longer to live. The one person he wants to reconnect with before he dies is his estranged daughter, Claire Hale, who refuses to speak to him. Through anonymous means, Damian learns of the secret Phoenix Corporation based in New Orleans and run by Dr. Albright, who, for a $250 million fee, performs a revolutionary procedure called shedding: Damian's still functioning brain with all its knowledge and memories will be transferred into a laboratory created healthy body. The procedure would entail that Damian give up his life as he knows it, but with what money he is able to stash away, to start life anew in a newly created identity, in his case thirty-five year old Phoenix born Edward Kidner. Part of the recovery is to take medication contained in a red capsule on a daily basis. In missing one dose, "Edward", during his recovery away from the secret and hidden facility, begins to see visions of people and places he doesn't know, but knows something about, and inherently knows exist in real life. In tracking down the people and places in his vision hopefully without Albright or his subordinates knowing, Edward begins to believe that his life under Albright's world will never be his own. In the process, he has to figure out exactly what those red capsules he takes every day actually do, which again he surmises is not exactly what Albright tells him, and how to regain a life he can call his own while also protecting/saving those Albright sees as acceptable collateral damage in unknowingly getting Damian to this point as Edward. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Business tycoon and billionaire Damian Hale (Ben Kingsley) is master of his own universe, until he is diagnosed with terminal cancer. Now on his deathbed, he finds a business card directing him to a man named Professor Albright (Matthew Goode), who informs him about a radical medical procedure called "shedding", in which one's consciousness is transferred to an artificially grown healthy body. While Damian searches the article about Dr. Francis Jensen, a shedding neurologist, he suddenly collapses and the blood sputum is spurting onto the laptop. In his nursing home, Damian receives a call from Albright, saying that once he transferred into another body, it will not return to his original body and his death will be made to the public. Also, Albright plans Damian to fly to New Orleans to meet his friend, Martin. Damian then buries the box, containing something, in the cemetery. Damian and Martin having a coffee in the restaurant, but Damian collapse again to the floor. He is now brought into Albrights and he decides to transfer to the healthy body, we call him as Young Damian. Now his body is transferred to the new body, Young Damian begins to learn how to walk, swimming, etc. Albright prescribes medication to ease vivid hallucinations which he claims are side effects of the procedure. Young Damian starts a new life in New Orleans under a pseudonym of Edward Kittner. After Young Damian introduces his new home, he goes to play basketball and befriends his neighbor, Anton. After Young Damian read his own obituaries in the internet, he tries to call his daughter, Claire, but he refuses to talk with her and quickly hangs up the phone. Because he forgot to take his medicine, Young Damian subsequently hallucinate the war, the woman and a child, and the water tower styled as a pumpkin. When Edward asks Albright about the hallucinations, he dismisses his concerns, but accidentally reveals that he knows details of the hallucinations that Edward did not reveal. Albright arranges for him to move to Hawaii for a change of scenery, but Edward, convinced the hallucinations are some kind of memory, researches a landmark he saw in his vision and heads to St. Louis instead. In St. Louis, Young Damian infiltrates a house and sees the picture frames of himself and his wife, Madeline. Young Damian encounters Madeline, who identifies him as her apparently deceased husband Mark. After that, Albrights men, led by Anton - who reveals that he is one of Albright's employees breaks into the house and attacked Young Damian/Mark and Madeline. Edward learns that the body he inhabits belonged to another man who sold himself to Albright in order to gain the money he needed to cure their sick daughter. Young Damian then excuses him to go to the bathroom for taking medicine. After he took medicine, Young Damian attacks the henchman and kills him. Young Damian sees the fire thrower burns Madelines car. Anton and his henchman overhear the crashing and go to the bathroom. Young Damian shoots another man and Anton told him to the front. Anton goes inside the bathroom then tries to subdue each other, loses the medicine in the process. Young Damian tackles Anton out of the house and he goes back inside the house. The fire thrower burns the house. Young Damian takes Madeline out, but before they can escape, the two goes down under the house. Unseen by Anton and his other men, Young Damian shoots the fire thrower, accidentally burns Anton alive but manage to kill the fire by soaking himself into the tub and kills the henchman. The two escape and collect her daughter, Anna, from school. The two stay at a motel for a while before heading to New Orleans. There, Young Damian researches the internet of Dr. Jensen, the man who invented shedding; Mark notices a tic he shares with Albright in a video of him and sees Albright in the same video as his assistant, and concludes that Jensen has shedded himself into Albright's body. Young Damian again hallucinates, because he loses his medicine, and collapses. The two drives back to the New Orleans and Young Damian told them to wait in the car. Young Damian finds Dr. Jensens wife, Phyllis, in a nursing home suffering from Alzheimers. Young Damian asks her if he can access his research, but she does not know. When Dr. Phyllis reveals that Albright came every week in her house, to bring butter scotch candy for her, she calls Albright to come in her house. Young Damian tranquilized Dr. Phyllis and he confronts Albright/Dr. Jensen. Young Damian asks Albright for medicine but he warns that if he continues to take the medicine, his "Mark" personality will eventually be completely erased, while if he quits, the "original" Mark will reassert control over his body and kill Damian's personality instead. But Mark flees when more assassins show up, including another man who he recognizes as Anton due to necklace they share Anton reveals that he has shedded multiple times. At a rest stop, Madeline confronts Mark over his behavior and lack of knowledge of their personal details, and he reveals all that has transpired to her. He takes them to his old friend Martin (Victor Garber) and convinces him to provide for Madeline and Anna to flee to the Caribbean. However, he and Madeline discover Anna playing with Martin's young son Tony (Dylan Lowe), who died two years ago; Martin admits that he used shedding to save his son and that Albright's men are waiting for them. Mark then reveals the dark secret behind shedding and flees to distract Albright's men while Martin, Madeline, and Anna escape. Mark manages to crash Anton's car with him in it and defeat his pursuers, but Madeline and Anna are recaptured. Mark stops taking his medicine in order to experience more memories, hoping they will lead him to Albright. This succeeds, and Mark pursues Albright to a lab built in an abandoned warehouse. There, Albright captures him and attempts to shed Anton into Mark's body, but Mark, remembering that metal interferes with the shedding process, takes a bullet casing in his mouth, therefore sabotages the procedure which kills Anton in the process. He rescues Madeline and Anna and takes down Albright once and for all. Mark arranges for Madeline and Anna to flee the country as planned, meets his own estranged daughter Claire (Michelle Dockery), and delivers her a letter reconciling with her. He then heads to the Caribbean and stops taking his medicine, dying peacefully. The real Mark reawakens in his own body and discovers a video message from Damian's personality thanking him for the time he gave him. Mark then reunites with his family at last. 
 Sexual Intrigue (2000 Video)Summaries Charlie Taylor gets a surprise release from jail after a year for a crime he denies committing. His songwriter girlfriend Randi is glad he's back and calls on an ex-boyfriend, Carl Olsen, to get Charlie a job. Carl, now a district attorney in the Malibu area, hooks Charlie up with Emma De Layle, the sultry wife of an ill but still-powerful rich man. She wants Charlie to be the middleman in a fake kidnapping of her step-daughter, Melissa, who's in on the plot because she wants cash to break free of dad and Emma is happy to have her leave. Things are bound to go wrong, and Charlie may be left holding the bag yet again. Who's pulling all the strings in this web of intrigue? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sinister 2 (2015)431) A young mother and her twin sons move into a rural house that's marked for death. In a farmhouse near a corn field where Ellison Oswait lived, the boy Dylan has nightmares and is visited by ghostly children led by the boy Milo. Dylan lives with his mother Courtney Collins, who has just left her abusive husband, and his brother Zach and is forced by the ghosts to go to the basement to watch home films in Super 8 of families being slaughtered. Ex-Deputy So & So is investigating the crime spree of Bughuul and burning down the houses where the deceased families lived to protect other families. He travels to the farmhouse and finds Courtney and her sons living there. He tells that he is a private investigator and he protects her against a bluff of her ex-husband to keep the children with him. Then he begins a love affair with Courtney. Meanwhile Dylan tells to the ghosts that he will not see any video again but Zach, who is the real choice of the ghosts, replaces him. When their father succeeds in getting a court order to have the custody of the children, Courtney is forced to go with the children. What will happen to the Collins family? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After a second family moves into a remote house next to an old church where graphic and gruesome murders took place, Courtney Collins and her two sons Zach and Dylan all not only have to avoid their violently abusive dad and husband, but also have to battle an evil force that lies within the very house they moved into. With the help of an ex-deputy they will attempt to race against time to stop the evil forces of the sinister Bughuul.. john_regrut Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sinister 2, instead of using super 8 film the way the first Sinister movie did, uses other found footage mediums such as vinyl records, a ham radio and 16mm film. The film begins with a 16mm home movie of three people tied to crosses in a rural cornfield. One of the crosses suddenly catches fire, killing the person tied down to it. Deputy So & So from the first Sinister film visits a Catholic confession booth, and it is revealed to the audience that he is no longer a deputy because of his involvement with the Oswalt case. He is now a private investigator, and he spends his free time burning down the houses which he thinks that Bughuul visited. Meanwhile Courtney, a mother of two twin boys (Dylan and Zach), is shopping at the supermarket when suddenly a pervert begins following her, hired by her abusive ex-husband to locate his family. The pervert almost catches her, but she escapes with her sons and he is stopped by a security guard. She drives out to a decaying farmhouse where she and her sons have been in hiding for some time. Dylan has been having nightmares, and to stop them, his not-so-imaginary friend Milo (one of Bughuul's victims), shows him a number of 16mm snuff reels depicting families being murdered in various ways. One film shows a family eaten by alligators (Fishing Trip), one shows a family frozen to death in the snow (Christmas Morning), one shows a family being electrocuted violently (Kitchen Remodeling) and one shows a family being disemboweled by rats in a church (Sunday School). Zach becomes increasingly violent, calling his mom and brother nasty names, beating up his brother cruelly and displaying behavior akin to his abusive dad. Deputy comes to the house to burn it down, assuming that it is empty, but he's stopped by Courtney who threatens him and tries to chase him away. When she realizes that it's all a big misunderstanding, she invites him in for coffee. He explains that ever since his best friend Ellison Oswalt, was murdered, that he's been investigating similar cold cases. Courtney allows him to investigate the nearby church, where the rat murder happened, and while investigating, Deputy witnesses a number of odd and frightening paranormal things. Clint shows up without warning, along with a team of cops, demanding that the boys come out to see him, but Deputy chases them away, with the threat of telling the media about Clint's abuse. It is also revealed that Deputy was nearly arrested for the Oswalt family's murder but that the charges were dropped. Courtney invites him for supper and sees how nice he is to her and the boys, so she lets him spend the night on the living room couch before driving back to his motel. He wakes up in the night and goes over some crime scene photos, and Courtney comes downstairs. They start drinking out on the porch and she tells him about Clint. Deputy tells her that her abused son reminds him of himself when he was a kid (implying that he was abused by his own father in the past). He also tells her about his motives for obsessing with the Oswalt murders. Courtney tells him that she wishes he was the boys' father, and when they go back inside, they kiss briefly. The next morning, Deputy drives away to visit Dr. Stromberg, who reveals that Professor Jonas (from the first Sinister film) has gone missing, and that he discovered a disturbing recording on a HAM radio of a child speaking in Norwegian and then killing their family. The words translate back to "I can't hear Bughuul over your yelling, mom!" in English. The deputy requests that the radio be destroyed and it's revealed that Bughuul travels through art (books, film, music, drawings). At the same time, Courtney and her sons are taken from the house by Clint, and Zach watches the last film, Dental Work (a man having all his teeth pulled without anesthesia). Deputy shows up to rescue them, but Clint beats him up and threatens to murder him, so he leaves, and Clint starts the abuse all over again. The next day, Dylan texts Deputy with the words "Help us!" Zach becomes possessed and starts filming his family with the 16mm camera, drugging them, tying them to crosses and then lighting one cross on fire, with Clint on it. Clint is killed and he twitches violently in the flames, but before Zach can finish off his family, Deputy knocks him down with his car and unties Courtney and Dylan. Zach picks up the camera and a scythe and starts chasing them all through the cornfield, partially cutting off Deputy's hand, but they all make it back to the farmhouse. Zach searches for his family but Deputy hides them both, and Milo and the other dead children begin destroying the house room by room. They crush Deputy behind a desk and hit him with golf clubs, but before Zach can finish off Courtney and Dylan, Deputy smashes the camera, exposing the film to the light and destroying it instantly. Zach screams "NO!" repeatedly and runs to the basement, only to be cornered by the dead kids, who all worriedly tell him that Bughuul will get rid of their souls now. They disappear and Bughuul touches Zach's shoulder, turning him into ashes and killing him. Deputy, Courtney and Dylan drive away, back to Deputy's motel, but when he goes inside, he finds the HAM radio sitting on the nightstand. The voices of dead kids start drifting from the speakers, chanting "It's the kids! It's the kids! It's the kids! ...DEPUTY!!!" Bughuul's face suddenly pops up and it's implied that Deputy is killed. 