nm0007699:

 Scnes de mnages (2009 )Summaries Scnes de mnages follows several couples' domestic disputes, seen in a humorous light. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Le priple (2017)Summaries The tap water is contaminated in a city and the majority of the population meets affected, a group of survivors is going to the mountain to find security... It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Let the Girls Play (2018)Summaries The story of the first all-female soccer team in France, which started as a provocation but became a revolution. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dumas (2010)Summaries When Alexandre Dumas and Auguste Maquet, his ghostwriter, are at the summit of their collaboration, Auguste decides to pass himself off as Alexandre in order to seduce Charlotte, a fervent admirer of the great man. Nobody knows Auguste Maquet, and yet everybody knows "The Three Musketeers", Everybody knows Alexandre Dumas who wrote the swashbuckling masterpiece but who knows that Maquet is his co-writer? Nobody does, as his name does not appear on the cover. At least not Charlotte Desrives, the lovely daughter of a doctor stagnating in prison for his political opinions. When the lively girl mistakes the shy Maquet for the fiery ex-revolutionary Dumas, begging him to help her to have her father released, the former makes few efforts to put her right. She is so admiring of "him" ... She is so pretty ... Guy Bellinger It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 