nm0005191:

 Hidden Hills (20022003)Summaries A sitcom about life in the suburbs. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cupid (19981999)Summaries Trevor Hale is attractive, witty, uncommonly intelligent - and he may be Cupid, the Greco-Roman god of erotic love. Probably not, but he thinks so. Trevor's insistence that he is Cupid lands him in a mental hospital, where he meets psychologist Claire Allen, a renowned authority on romance. Trevor tells Claire that he has been stripped of his godly powers by Zeus, and exiled from Mount Olympus as a punishment for arrogance. To win his way back among the gods, Trevor must unite 100 couples in everlasting love, without his bow and arrows. Claire does not believe in Cupid, but she risks her career by releasing Trevor from the hospital, assuming responsibility for his behavior. Trevor finds work as a bartender, and regularly disrupts Claire's group therapy sessions. All the while, he plots his campaign to promote romance, and earn his way back to Olympus. While encouraging sexual abandon in others, Trevor remains celibate; he believes sex with a mortal will confine him to Earth forever. <starcro@gte.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Californication (20072014)321) A writer tries to juggle his career, his relationship with his daughter and his ex-girlfriend, as well as his appetite for beautiful women. Hank Moody- a self loathing, narcissistic author struggles to overcome writer's block while balancing his occasional drug use, alcoholism, and borderline sex addiction all the while trying to get back together with his girlfriend and raise his teenage daughter. ZachMichalik Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. I started seeing this show from the start when it was already in its 4th season............and now i am cursing myself for being this late to a party that is turning out to be simply awesome. Californication is the story of a down-in-the-dumps writer, moved out of his favorite city (NY) to LA, by the love for his wife (to whom he was actually never married) and his daughter. And what follows next is a laugh riot, sex, nudy shows and much more, that is sure to keep on entertaining viewers of all age and sex. 
 Gary Unmarried (20082010)Summaries Newly divorced after fifteen years of marriage, Gary Brooks, a painting contractor, strives to balance work, shared custody of his two children, a controlling ex-wife, and his foxy new girlfriend. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 