nm0005269:

 Stargate SG-1 (19972007)Summaries A secret military team, SG-1, is formed to explore other planets through the recently discovered Stargates. General Hammond summons Colonel Jack O'Neill out of retirement to embark on a secret rescue mission. O'Neill confesses that he disobeyed orders to destroy the Stargate on Planet Abydos, and that scientist Daniel Jackson may still be alive. Arriving on Abydos with his team, O'Neill meets up once again with the scientist, who has discovered a giant elaborate cartouche in hieroglyphics. All signs point to the fact that this is a map of many Stargates that exist throughout the galaxy - a development that makes the dream of the SG-1 team to travel throughout the universe in time a reality. Sean Fitzgibbons It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Beverly Hills, 90210 (19902000)Summaries A group of friends living in Beverly Hills, California make their way through life from their school days into adulthood. Originally based around the lives of a group of high school students living in the wealthy Beverly Hills neighborhood, then later moving on to their college days as they got older. The kids become friends and enemies, fall in and out of love, and go through an endless series of crises as this small group somehow becomes personally involved in every newsworthy social issue from alcoholism to South African apartheid to pregnancy to AIDS. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Parker Lewis Can't Lose (19901993)Summaries For a cool high school kid and his friends, thwarting authority figures and other enemies is not a problem. Trendy high school student Parker Lewis (a character similar to Ferris Bueller), for whom, as suggested by his motto, "Not a problem," nothing is impossible. Like his best buds Mikey Randall and Jerry Steiner, and his girlfriend Annie Sloane, his prime concern is achieving and maintaining coolness during the turbulent years of puberty. However, their efforts keep being thwarted by Parker's little sister, Shelly, and principal Grace Musso. Apart from various aspects of teenage life, embedded in a wealth of cartoon-like special effects and camera trickery, an episode regularly contains more or less subtle references to movies, politics, and celebrities. Peter Zweers <peterz@pi.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I Know My First Name Is Steven (1989)Summaries The harrowing true account of Steven Stayner, who was kidnapped by a perverted pseudo-priest and his lackey during the 1970s. As he gets older, he realizes that he needs to try to make an escape and get back home. 7-year old Steven Stayner is kidnapped a few days before Christmas by Kenneth Parnell. Under the belief that Parnell has been given legal custody of him, and that his family has moved away, he stays with Parnell for seven years, enduring repetitive sexual abuse the entire time. Finally, at fourteen, he returns home to his family. Liz Jordan <c9310494@alinga.newcastle.edu.au> *SPOILERS* - "I Know My First Name Is Steven" chronicles the true story of Steven Stayner's life after being kidnapped at the age of seven and held with his captor for seven years. He returns to the police station one night after rescuing another child from his captor. At first, he denies the allegations that he was sexually abused, however later during the movie it is revealed he indeed was abused during those seven years. Alex Kremer <axe@axe.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 