nm0006555:

 El comisario (19992009)Summaries San Fernando is a small police station in Madrid, where Chief Castilla and the officers under his command handle all kinds of cases. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Policas, en el corazn de la calle (20002003)Summaries National Police officers from a precinct in Madrid, Spain, deal with all kinds of situations in the streets as well as in their homes. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Utopa (2003)Summaries The orphan Adrin Vega has the ability of foreseeing the future and is adopted by the bookseller Samuel. He joins Samuel's group of clairvoyants called Utopia that protects people that will make a difference and Samuel teaches him how to control his power. Years later, Adrin fails in stopping a deranged Utopia member from exploding a car bomb and the wife and daughter of the police inspector Herv are murdered and Herv is blinded by the glass window. Adrin decides to leave the group, but Samuel convinces him to participate in his last assignment, saving the life of the school teacher ngela that has joined an evil sect. Meanwhile Herv is hired by ngela's mother to brainwash her daughter and bring her back home. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Al salir de clase (19972002)Summaries This TV program similar to American series for teenagers like 'Beverly Hills 90210,' 'Saved by the Bell,' or 'California Dreams' reflects the problems of Spanish teenagers. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 