nm0006983:

 Eve's Preyer (2005)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Klovn (20052021)Summaries The socially awkward misadventures of Frank Hvam, his girlfriend Mia and his best friend Casper. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Anna (I) (2000)Summaries Ambassador Anna leaves her husband in Morocco to go to Denmark and prepare a divorce. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Brothers (2004)Summaries Two brothers must negotiate changing roles and shifting family dynamics when one is sent to war in Afghanistan. Michael has everything under control: a successful military career, a beautiful wife and two daughters. His younger brother Jannik is a drifter, living on the edge of the law. When Michael is sent to Afghanistan on a UN mission the balance between the two brothers changes forever. Michael is missing in action - presumed dead - and Sarah is comforted by Jannik, who against all odds shows himself capable of taking responsibility for both himself and the family. It soon becomes clear that their feelings have developed beyond mutual sympathy. When Michael comes home, traumatized by being held prisoner in the mountains of Afghanistan, nothing is the same... Anonymous On his way to report for a peacekeeping mission in Afghanistan, Danish Army officer Michael stops to pick up his brother Jannik, who is getting out of jail that day. In Afghanistan, Michael's helicopter crashes and he is presumed dead. Jannik and Michael's wife Sarah discover that they don't hate each other as much as they had thought, and Jannik decides to reform and make himself useful around Sarah's house. Then Michael comes home with a full-blown case of post-traumatic stress disorder because of what he had to do to survive in captivity. Write your own ending and draw your own moral conclusions, if any. Gregory B. Gregory It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 