nm0004056:

 Finding Nemo (2003)871) After his son is captured in the Great Barrier Reef and taken to Sydney, a timid clownfish sets out on a journey to bring him home. A clown fish named Marlin lives in the Great Barrier Reef and loses his son, Nemo, after he ventures into the open sea, despite his father's constant warnings about many of the ocean's dangers. Nemo is abducted by a boat and netted up and sent to a dentist's office in Sydney. While Marlin ventures off to try to retrieve Nemo, Marlin meets a fish named Dory, a blue tang suffering from short-term memory loss. The companions travel a great distance, encountering various dangerous sea creatures such as sharks, anglerfish and jellyfish, in order to rescue Nemo from the dentist's office, which is situated by Sydney Harbour. While the two are searching the ocean far and wide, Nemo and the other sea animals in the dentist's fish tank plot a way to return to the sea to live their lives free again. David Morris Marlin, a clown fish, is overly cautious with his son, Nemo, who has a foreshortened fin. When Nemo swims too close to the surface to prove himself, he is caught by a diver, and horrified Marlin must set out to find him. A blue reef fish named Dory -- who has a really short memory -- joins Marlin and complicates the encounters with sharks, jellyfish, and a host of ocean dangers. Meanwhile, Nemo plots his escape from a dentist's fish tank. Jwelch5742 A young clownfish named Nemo is captured by underwater sea divers and taken to a dentist office located in a wonderful city called Sydney Harbour! Marlon, Nemos father is out on a journey to retrieve Nemo and bring him back home. Marlon meets a dim-witted and memory losing fish named Dory who tries to help Marlon along the way. Nemo and the other fish in the fish tank plan an escape attempting to finally get back into the fresh open water. Steve Shedloski When his son, Nemo is taken from him by a diver, Marlin the clown fish sets off on a journey to rescue him. Together with Dory, a blue tang fish with short term memory loss, they set off through the oceans, whilst joining a club with sharks, dodging jellyfish, and hooking a ride with turtles. Whilst this is happening, Nemo and his new tank friends hatch a plan to escape from their new home. FilmFanUk Marlin (a clown fish) is a widower who only has his son Nemo left of his family after a predator attack. Years later, on Nemo's first day of school, he's captured by a scuba diver and taken to live in a dentist office's fish tank. Marlin and his new absent-minded friend Dory set off across the ocean to find Nemo, while Nemo and his tank mates scheme on how to get out of the tank before he becomes the dentist's niece's new pet. TonyB A tale which follows the comedic and eventful journeys of two fish, the fretful Marlin and his young son Nemo, who are separated from each other in the Great Barrier Reef when Nemo is unexpectedly taken from his home and thrust into a fish tank in a dentist's office overlooking Sydney Harbor. Buoyed by the companionship of a friendly but forgetful fish named Dory, the overly cautious Marlin embarks on a dangerous trek and finds himself the unlikely hero of an epic journey to rescue his son. Meanwhile, the young Nemo hatches a few daring plans of his own to return home safely. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two clownfish, Marlin ( Albert Brooks ) and his wife Coral ( Elizabeth Perkins ), admire the view from their new home within a sea anemone overlooking the drop off of a coral reef. Below them, their clutch of eggs lies hidden in a small hole. Excited to be first-time parents, they discuss names, Coral expressing her fondness for "Nemo." They flirt playfully with each other until Coral's attention is distracted by the appearance of a barracuda. Ignoring Marlin's order to hide, Coral moves to protect her eggs and the barracuda lunges. Marlin rushes in but the barracuda knocks him out with a flick of its tail, sending him back into the anemone. When he comes to that night, he discovers that Coral and the eggs are gone but manages to find a single surviving egg with a scratch on its right side. Vowing to protect it, he names the codling Nemo. Marlin raises Nemo ( Alexander Gould ) in a secure anemone further into the reef. On the morning of his first day of school, an excited Nemo wakes his father, flapping his tiny right fin wildly. Marlin helps him prepare for the day, showing to be overprotective and doubtful of Nemo's ability to take care of himself. Marlin escorts Nemo to school -- along the way, Nemo asks Marlin how old sea turtles live to be; Marlin doesn't have an answer. Mr. Ray ( Bob Peterson ), the local teacher, takes the children on a field trip. When Marlin learns that they are going to the drop off, he swims after them in a panic. Upon arrival Nemo follows three of his peers ( Jordan Ranft , Erica Beck , and Erik Per Sullivan ), bored with Mr. Ray's lesson, to the very edge of the reef where they see a boat (misnaming it a "butt") anchored in the distance. They dare each other to swim out into open water to touch the "butt" as Marlin arrives and yells at Nemo for endangering himself. While talking to Mr. Ray, Marlin fails to notice Nemo swimming fiercely out to sea, stopping beneath the boat. In an act of defiance, Nemo touches the boat with his fin and starts to swim back before a diver suddenly appears behind him and traps him in a small bag. Marlin is prevented from swimming out after his son by another diver who takes a picture, disorienting him. Regaining his sight, Marlin swims after the divers as the boat departs the reef. The diver places Nemo in a cooler full of water and accidentally drops his mask into the water. Marlin swims after the boat but eventually loses the trail. He swims to the sea floor, begging passing schools of fish for help until he bumps into a regal tang named Dory ( Ellen DeGeneres ). She claims to have seen the boat and leads a thankful Marlin in the direction it went but, as they swim along, she becomes lax and even tries to evade Marlin when she notices him behind her. When she confronts him, he questions her and she apologizes, telling Marlin she has short-term memory loss. Dumbfounded, Marlin turns to leave but is stopped by a great white shark who introduces himself as Bruce ( Barry Humphries ). He invites Marlin and Dory to a get-together he's having and, despite Marlin's objections, escorts them to his lair in a sunken submarine surrounded by live sea mines. They meet Bruce's fellow sharks, hammerhead Anchor ( Eric Bana ) and mako Chum ( Bruce Spence ), before beginning an assembly where they pledge to abstain from eating fish. The two are fairly terrified by the sharks until Marlin spots the diver's mask stuck on a shard of metal. Inspecting it, he discovers markings on the strap that might provide a clue to Nemo's whereabouts. Dory picks up the mask to see if the sharks can read but Marlin tries to take it back, engaging in a tug-of-war before the mask snaps into Dory's face, causing a nosebleed. The smell of the blood excites Bruce's inner carnivore and, though Anchor and Chum try to stage an intervention by holding him back, he mindlessly chases Marlin and Dory through the submarine, taking hold of the mask in his mouth in the process. During this time, Dory reveals that she can read human words before she and Marlin take refuge in a torpedo well. Dory releases the torpedo which wedges in Bruce's mouth, giving Marlin enough time to grab the mask and flee back into the well. Bruce throws the torpedo away and Anchor and Chum are able to regain his attention in time before the torpedo sets off one of the mines, causing a violent chain reaction of explosions of the entire minefield. Meanwhile, Nemo is placed into a new container revealed to be a fish tank in a dentist's office. There he meets a few of the original inhabitants including Bloat the puffer fish ( Brad Garrett ), Bubbles the yellow tang ( Stephen Root ), Peach the ochre sea star ( Allison Janney ), Gurgle the royal gramma ( Austin Pendleton ), Jacques the French-accented Pacific cleaner shrimp ( Joe Ranft ), and Deb ( Vicki Lewis ), a black-tailed humbug who believes her reflection to be her twin sister, Flo. A pelican named Nigel ( Geoffrey Rush ) perches himself on the window near the tank and greets Nemo after briefly discussing dental procedures with the other fish. He's shooed away by the dentist ( Bill Hunter ) who shows Nemo a picture of his niece, Darla, whom Nemo has been promised to. The other fish cringe and call her a fish killer ('she wouldn't stop shaking the bag'). Afraid and wanting to go home, Nemo backs away and gets stuck in the suction tube of the filter. The other fish go to help him but Gill ( Willem Dafoe ), a wise moorish idol with large scars on his right side, tells Nemo that he must escape himself, giving Nemo instructions and encouragement. Nemo manages to free himself and Peach relates his strength to his ocean origins, like Gill. Marlin and Dory awake in the aftermath of the explosions to find the submarine hanging precariously over the edge of a deep ravine. Their movements cause the submarine to suddenly tip forward and collide with the rock wall of the far side. During the chaos and blinded temporarily by the dust, Dory accidentally drops the mask into the darkness below. Marlin gives it up for lost but Dory cheerfully takes him into the depths, telling him to just keep swimming. After a moment, they come upon a mysterious and alluring light which, unfortunately, belongs to a hungry anglerfish. During the chase, Marlin finds the mask and distracts the anglerfish long enough so that Dory can read the address written on it. Marlin then leads the anglerfish towards the mask and traps it using the masks strap as a tether. Dory recites the address 'P. Sherman 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney' and is ecstatic to find that she can remember it. Back in the fish tank, Nemo is woken by Jacques who takes him to the tank's toy volcano (Mt. Wannahockaloogie) where the other fish perform an initiation to include Nemo in their club, giving him the nickname "Shark Bait." Gill then proposes a plan to escape the fish tank by jamming the gear in the filter which would cause the tank to become so dirty that the dentist will have to manually clean it and place the fish in baggies on the counter, allowing them to roll out the window to the street, cross it, and land in the harbor. Though the other fish are skeptical, Gill asserts that Nemo is small enough to fit into the filter and make it back through the tubing. Nemo agrees to do it. Marlin and Dory continue their journey and request directions to Sydney from a school of moonfish ( John Ratzenberger ). They tell Marlin and Dory to take the East Australian Current (EAC), after an impressive display of their synchronized impressions. When they come to a rocky trench. Marlin resolves to swim over it to avoid the ominous enclosure. With the EAC in view, Dory becomes distracted and is stung by a tiny jellyfish. As Marlin tends to her, they are suddenly surrounded by a school of larger jellyfish. Finding that the tops don't sting, Marlin and Dory bounce on them as they race out of the school. Marlin makes it out first and, when Dory doesn't appear, goes back in to retrieve her. He finds her unconscious and scarred from the stinging and struggles to carry her out as he is repeatedly stung. He makes it but, stung and exhausted, blacks out as a large shadow descends on him. Nemo waits in the fish tank with Gill who is keeping an eye on the dentist for an opportune moment to jam the filter. Noticing Nemo looking at his scars, Gill explains that during his first escape attempt he landed on dental tools, though he was aiming for the toilet. He says that all drains lead to the ocean and that fish weren't meant to live in a tank. Peach cries out that the dentist is going for a bathroom break which cues Nemo to leap into the filter. Gill tosses him a pebble and gives instructions as Nemo wedges the fan, stopping the flow of water. However, as he is moving through the pipe back into the tank, the pebble unhinges and the fan turns on again, sucking Nemo backwards. The other fish hurry and send Nemo a toy kelp strand to grab onto and pull him out. Shaken, Peach asks Gill not to send Nemo in the filter again. Sullen and realizing his plan put Nemo in grave danger, Gill says they're done. Meanwhile, Marlin wakes up to find himself resting on the shell of a laid-back sea turtle with a surfer's attitude who introduces himself as Crush ( Andrew Stanton ). Incredulous, he discovers that he's also riding along the EAC with dozens of other sea turtles and large fish. Marlin is reunited with Dory who sports a scar on her side from the jellyfish stings and meets Crush's son, Squirt ( Nicholas Bird ). Marlin also meets Crush's spirited son, Squirt. While playing with the other sea turtles, Squirt is accidentally propelled outside the current. Marlin is panicky at first however Crush convinces him that Squirt can handle himself. Squirt is able to swim his way back into the current & gleefully joins his father. Marlin sees that even the youngest among the turtles can learn to survive in the ocean. Having been told some details of their journey and the encounter with the jellyfish, Squirt and the other hatchlings ask Marlin to tell them the rest of the story. Hesitant at first, Marlin relents and begins with when Nemo was abducted. His story is not ignored; it's passed on from turtle to fish to dolphin to bird and onward until it reaches Nigel the pelican. Hearing Nemo's name, he flies off to the dentist's office. There, Nemo tries to apologize to Gill for the botched escape attempt but Gill says that his eagerness to escape almost cost Nemo his life and that nothing should be worth that. Nigel arrives, crashing into the closed window, but recovers and is able to tell Nemo the story of Marlin's journey as it was told to him. When Nigel suggests that Nemo's father took on three sharks and a school of jellyfish, Nemo is newly impressed with his father. Invigorated, Nemo takes it upon himself to try the filter attempt again and, this time, succeeds. Marlin and Dory continue along the EAC until they come to their exit point where Crush and Squirt show them where to depart the main line. After a confusing instructional speech on "proper exiting technique" Squirt pushes them into the exit flume and back into open water. Thanking Crush, Marlin asks the turtle how old he is; Crush answers that's he's "150 years old & still young!" They are instructed to continue through a large purplish plume of plankton to Sydney. However, they soon become lost and Dory resolves to ask a distant fish for directions. Though Marlin is afraid at first, he decides to trust Dory and she calls out to the distant figure. When she sees its a minke whale, she starts speaking 'whale', asking for help. Marlin grows frustrated with her again just as a whale approaches from behind and pulls them into its mouth. Back in the fish tank, a couple of days' worth without a filter has rendered every surface covered in green algae. When the dentist sees this, he opts to clean the tank the following morning before Darla's arrival. Nemo looks out the window to the harbor outside, wondering if his father is there already, waiting for him. In the whale's mouth, Marlin and Dory remain safe with enough water to swim in. Though Dory is complacent, Marlin futilely attempts to break out by ramming into the whale's baleen. He yells at Dory for claiming to have spoken whale, calling her insane and lamenting over the fact that he'll never see his son again. Dory tries to console him as the whale emits a call and the water in the mouth begins to drain. The whale then lifts his tongue to push Marlin and Dory to the back of its throat but Marlin refuses to let go until Dory assures him that, though she doesn't know what will happen, everything will be all right. Marlin closes his eyes and releases his grip on the whale's tongue. They fall to the back of the throat where they are then shot out of the whale's blowhole, landing in Sydney Harbor. Overjoyed to have finally arrived, Marlin sends his thanks to the whale and encourages Dory to help him find the boat that took Nemo. The following morning, Peach wakes up with the horrified realization that the tank is suddenly clean. The fish find that the dentist had installed a new high-tech filter the night before and, though they are impressed with the fluid functionality of the device, they worry about what they will do when Darla arrives. The dentist suddenly pulls Nemo up in a fish net but Gill and the other fish swim into it and instruct Nemo to swim down, pulling the net into the tank and away from the dentist's grip. Despite their efforts, Nemo is quickly scooped up in a plastic bag and set on the counter. The other fish tell Nemo to roll out the window but, before he can get far, the dentist places the baggie in a tin to keep him from moving. Gill tries to assure Nemo that he'll be OK but, at that moment, Darla ( LuLu Ebeling ) crashes into the office. Marlin and Dory continue to search the harbor, both tired from looking at boats all night, when they are scooped up in the beak of a pelican. The pelican lands on a nearby dock and swallows them but Marlin refuses to have come this far just to be breakfast. He lodges himself and Dory in the pelican's neck, causing it to start choking. Nearby, Nigel wakes from a nap to notice the pelican, Jerry, choking and flies down to assist. He hits Jerry in the back, expelling Marlin and Dory from his mouth onto the dock where Marlin shouts out that he needs to find Nemo. Recognizing the name, Nigel turns to Jerry excitedly and tells him this is the fish that they've been hearing about. When he turns back to Marlin, he sees that he and Dory have flopped their way towards the end of the dock. Nigel chases after them but they are all forced to freeze when they notice that they are surrounded by hungry seagulls. When Nigel tells Marlin that he knows his son, Nemo, Marlin flips in excitement, causing the seagulls to rush forward, but Nigel manages to take Dory and Marlin in his mouth and fly off. Darla torments the fish in the tank before going in to see her uncle. As he picks up the baggie with Nemo inside, he notices Nemo floating upside down. The other fish quickly realize that Nemo is feigning death so that he can be flushed down the toilet but the dentist moves towards the trash can just as Nigel arrives in the window. Marlin forces Nigel into the office and the dentist drops the baggie. Marlin sees Nemo floating and believes him to be dead as the dentist grabs Nigel and forces him out the window again, Marlin calling out to Nemo. Hearing his name, Nemo pops upright but Darla takes the bag and starts shaking it, trying to 'wake up the fishy'. Gill lodges himself into the top of Mt. Wannahockaloogie and the force of the bubbles propels him out of the tank. He lands on Darla's head and she drops Nemo's bag on a table full of tools, breaking the plastic. Gill falls off Darla's head next to Nemo and flips him into the sink and down the drain using a magnifying scope as a catapult. The dentist quickly puts Gill back into the tank where he can breathe. Gill tells the others not to worry about Nemo; that all drains lead to the ocean. Darla is upset and receives a squirt of water in her face from the sink. Nemo travels down the piping until he reaches a water treatment filtration, a series of piping that travels on the sea floor out of the harbor. Nigel flies out of the harbor with Marlin and Dory and releases them into the water, offering his condolences. Distraught, Marlin thanks Dory for helping him and begins to swim away. She asks him to stay with her and that her memory is better when he's around, that she doesn't want to forget. Marlin refuses and swims away, leaving her alone. Nemo emerges from the piping and calls out for his father. He finds Dory swimming confusedly under a buoy, saying that she's lost someone but can't remember. Nemo offers to search with her and Dory happily complies, though she doesn't recognize him. As they swim together, Dory comes upon a piece of piping and reads 'Sydney' on it. Suddenly, all of her memories come flooding back to her and she rushes at Nemo, hugging him fiercely, before leading him in the direction Marlin went. They find out that Marlin headed towards fishing grounds and reunite with him amongst a large school of fish. The school of fish then cries out in panic as a large net from a fishing boat above envelopes them. Dory is caught up in the netting and Nemo says that he must swim in and instruct the fish to swim down. Though Marlin fears for Nemo's safety, he lets go and allows Nemo to do what he can. Marlin instructs the panicked fish from outside the net and they all soon start swimming in synch downwards, pulling the net with them until it finally snaps away from the boat, freeing all the fish. Marlin and Dory find Nemo under the heavy netting -- Marlin is stricken with grief, believing Nemo is dead. Nemo regains consciousness & Marlin gently tells him that he found out that sea turtles live to be 150 years old. Marlin and Nemo come to an understanding and all three go back to their home in the reef. Marlin's demeanor has changed for the better and he is more upbeat and confident in his son's abilities. He takes him to school where Dory is dropped off by Bruce, Anchor, and Chum who have included Dory in their vegetarian program. Nemo hugs his father before heading off on another field trip with Mr. Ray. Marlin watches them leave, knowing that his son will be all right. Back at the dental office in Sydney, the dentist curses the high-tech filter which has suddenly stopped working. He complains about having to put all the fish in baggies but notices that they have mysteriously disappeared from the counter. Horns honk out the open window as Peach is the last to cross the street and land herself in the harbor with the other fish. As they float in their baggies, unable to escape confinement, Bloat wonders 'Now what?' In a post-credits stinger, the tiny fish that was Chum's "friend" at the support group is stalked by the anglerfish. As the anglerfish moves in to swallow him, the tiny fish suddenly opens his mouth to a surprisingly enormous size and swallows the angler. 
 WALLE (2008)651) In the distant future, a small waste-collecting robot inadvertently embarks on a space journey that will ultimately decide the fate of mankind. In a distant, but not so unrealistic, future where mankind has abandoned earth because it has become covered with trash from products sold by the powerful multi-national Buy N Large corporation, WALL-E, a garbage collecting robot has been left to clean up the mess. Mesmerized with trinkets of Earth's history and show tunes, WALL-E is alone on Earth except for a sprightly pet cockroach. One day, EVE, a sleek (and dangerous) reconnaissance robot, is sent to Earth to find proof that life is once again sustainable. WALL-E falls in love with EVE. WALL-E rescues EVE from a dust storm and shows her a living plant he found amongst the rubble. Consistent with her "directive", EVE takes the plant and automatically enters a deactivated state except for a blinking green beacon. WALL-E, doesn't understand what has happened to his new friend, but, true to his love, he protects her from wind, rain, and lightning, even as she is unresponsive. One day a massive ship comes to reclaim EVE, but WALL-E, out of love or loneliness, hitches a ride on the outside of the ship to rescue EVE. The ship arrives back at a large space cruise ship, which is carrying all of the humans who evacuated Earth 700 years earlier. The people of Earth ride around this space resort on hovering chairs which give them a constant feed of TV and video chatting. They drink all of their meals through a straw out of laziness and/or bone loss, and are all so fat that they can barely move. When the auto-pilot computer, acting on hastily-given instructions sent many centuries before, tries to prevent the people of Earth from returning by stealing the plant, WALL-E, EVE, the portly captain, and a band of broken robots stage a mutiny. In the distant future, humans abandon Earth because there is too much trash on it. WALL-E, with habit of picking up everything he finds interesting, lives alone on the planet with a pet cockroach. He has quite a collection of things, from lighters to a working iPod and even a small ring box (without the ring). He even has the last living plant. When a spaceship comes to earth and drops a sleek and dangerous probe EVE to look for a living plant, WALL-E falls in love with her. WALL-E gives her the plant, which makes EVE go into sleep mode. When a spaceship comes to take EVE back, WALL-E too goes with her. What follows is an adventure onboard the Axiom, where people move on hovering chairs and get liquid food which they suck up through a straw. Due to laziness, they have become so fat that they are unable to move. Due to hastily given instructions given to it, auto, the autopilot it tries to get rid of the plant which compels WALL-E, EVE, the pilot and some malfunctioning robots to find a way to retrieve the plant and save the earth. srijanarora-152-448595 WALL-E, short for Waste Allocation Load Lifter Earth-class, is the last robot left on Earth. He spends his days tidying up the planet, one piece of garbage at a time. But during 700 years, WALL-E has developed a personality, and he's more than a little lonely. Then he spots EVE, a sleek and shapely probe sent back to Earth on a scanning mission. Smitten WALL-E embarks on his greatest adventure yet when he follows EVE across the galaxy. Jwelch5742 It's late in the third millennium, and Earth has become an uninhabitable wasteland with nothing able to grow. Several hundred years earlier, a corporation called Buy-N-Large shipped all humans off the planet to live on starships, they biding their time until Earth is able to regenerate itself into an inhabitable planet. They also left WALLE (Waste Allocation Load Lifter: Earth-Class) robots on Earth to clean up and compact all the industrial waste. Only one WALLE remains, it which has gained emotions and the ability to feel. In order to survive emotionally, WALLE uses whatever it can find as touchstones to past life on Earth. Despite their initial antagonistic encounter, WALLE befriends an EVE (Extra-terrestrial Vegetation Evaluator), a droid sent from the mother ship, Axiom, as a sensor to gauge if life has regenerated on Earth. Not knowing about EVE's mission, WALLE is surprised by EVE's interest in a small seedling WALLE previously found and brought back to its makeshift abode. In EVE needing to take the seedling back to Axiom, WALLE, not wanting to lose its new friend, hitches a ride as a stowaway to Axiom. A combination of WALLE making it back to Axiom and EVE bringing back the seedling leads to a risk to both their survival, as AUTO, the automated pilot manning Axiom, has its own agenda against the recolonization of Earth. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A Dystopia in the Future Approximately seven hundred years in the future, the Earth is over-run with garbage and devoid of plant and animal life, the consequence of years of environmental degradation and thoughtless consumerism. The surviving humans are living on the spaceship Axiom after vacating Earth centuries earlier. Axiom is operated by a large corporation called Buy N Large, whose BnL logo appears even on the artificial sun visible from the ship's main concourse. The original plan was for humans to live in outer space for 5 years while cleaning robots ("WALL-Es" invented by Professor Simon) prepared Earth for recolonization. However, after seven hundred years, only one WALL-E (voice: Ben Burtt ) remains. WALL-E spends his days compacting debris into solid blocks and building structures with them. He also collects some of the more interesting artifacts and keeps them in the garage he shares with a cockroach, his only friend. At night he watches Hello Dolly on VHS and dreams of having a hand to hold. Most of his finds are spare parts and electronics but one day he discovers a lonely plant. Not sure what it is, but recognizing that it needs soil and care, he picks it up and puts it in a dirt-filled old shoe. The next day, an enormous spaceship lands and deposits another robot, EVE (Extraterrestrial Vegetation Evaluator, voice: Elissa Knight ). WALL-E is immediately smitten and hopes to hold her hand, but EVE is quick to use her plasma cannon, which can blast a hole through anything. EVE flies around Earth looking for vegetation but becomes distraught upon not finding any. WALL-E is finally able to approach her and takes her back to his garage where he shows her his collection of human artifacts. She still resists holding his hand, however, so he shows her the plant he found. This activates her prime directive: she takes the plant into a special containment capsule within her body, sends a signal to the mother ship, and goes into hibernation mode. Confused, WALL-E tries to make her safe and comfortable. He shelters her from thunderstorms and takes her to a park where he can watch the sunset next to her. Several days later, the mother ship returns and collects EVE. WALL-E hitches a ride on the ship, which returns to the Axiom several light years away from Earth. EVE and WALL-E are examined in the landing bay. EVE, still in hibernation mode, is taken away to the ship's commander. WALL-E pursues her, followed by M-O (voice: Ben Burtt ), a cleaning robot who is intent on scrubbing the filthy WALL-E to remove foreign contaminants (i.e. dirt or earth). On the way, WALL-E sees humans for the first time. Obese and largely unable to move on their own, they are carted around the Axiom in hover chairs with video screens that allow them to communicate with one another and see a variety of advertisements for drinkable food products. When WALL-E accidentally knocks one of the humans, John (voice: John Ratzenberger ), off his hover chair, WALL-E helps the man back into the chair and introduces himself. Confused but grateful, John introduces himself in return. WALL-E tracks EVE to the chambers of Captain McCrea (voice: Jeff Garlin ), who is just as inert and catered to as the other humans. McCrea is confused but excited about Operation Recolonize, which is triggered by EVE's find. But when McCrea reactivates EVE and orders her to produce the plant, it is missing. McCrea orders EVE and WALL-E to be taken for repairs but, after they've left, decides to educate himself about Earth. In the repair bay, WALL-E mistakenly thinks EVE is being harmed by the repair crew and uses her plasma cannon to save her, inadvertently releasing other robots who had been taken in for service. During the breakout, security robots take photos of them; the ship's computer announces to humans that EVE and WALL-E are renegade robots. Angry, EVE takes WALL-E to an escape pod to send him back to Earth. Before she can put him in the pod, they see Gopher putting the plant in the escape pod. After Gopher leaves, WALL-E goes to rescue the plant but is blasted into space. Before the pod self-destructs, WALL-E uses the emergency escape hatch and a fire extinguisher to exit the pod with the plant. A joyous EVE plays in space with WALL-E and even gives him an appreciative electric kiss. Using the garbage chute, EVE and WALL-E sneak into McCrea's cabin to give him the plant. But Auto (voice: MacInTalk ), the ship's auto pilot system, reveals it was the one who stole the plant earlier. It has no intention of allowing a return to Earth because of a centuries-old directive that was issued when the Earth was believed to be permanently uninhabitable. Auto blasts WALL-E, EVE and the plant back down the garbage chute and confines McCrea to his cabin. WALL-E and EVE barely escape being shot into space with the rest of the refuse but WALL-E is badly damaged. Meanwhile, McCrea has figured out how to hack into the ship's communication system and tells EVE and WALL-E to head to the ship's central deck, where a special machine will return the ship to earth when the plant is placed inside it. With the help of the robots they liberated earlier, WALL-E and EVE make it to the central deck where the special machine has risen from a platform. Auto tries to force the machine back into the platform but is prevented by WALL-E. McCrea manages to stand up on his own and shuts off AUTO. EVE puts the plant in the special machine and the Axiom is whisked back to Earth. WALL-E was grievously crushed in keeping Auto from collapsing the platform. Once they reach Earth, EVE rushes WALL-E back to his garage and repairs him. WALL-E doesn't recognize her and begins to compact garbage. Distraught, EVE holds WALL-E's hand and gives him an electric kiss again. This properly reboots WALL-E. McCrea teaches the other humans how to nurture the plant and heal the planet. It will be much easier than they think because just outside the city, plants have already begun to flourish. 
 Toy Story 2 (1999)761) When Woody is stolen by a toy collector, Buzz and his friends set out on a rescue mission to save Woody before he becomes a museum toy property with his roundup gang Jessie, Prospector, and Bullseye. While Andy is away at summer camp Woody has been toynapped by Al McWiggin, a greedy collector and proprietor of "Al's Toy Barn"! In this all-out rescue mission, Buzz and his friends Mr. Potato Head, Slinky Dog, Rex and Hamm springs into action to rescue Woody from winding up as a museum piece. They must find a way to save him before he gets sold in Japan forever and they'll never see him again! Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Woody is stolen from his home by toy dealer Al McWhiggin, leaving Buzz Lightyear and the rest of the gang to try to rescue him. But when Woody discovers that he's actually a valuable collectible from a once-popular television show called "Woody's Roundup" and is reunited with his horse Bullseye, Jessie the yodeling cowgirl and his faithful sidekick, Stinky Pete the Prospector, he doesn't want to leave. Jwelch5742 Whilst Andy is at summer camp, Woody is accidentally placed in a yard sale. Al, a greedy toy collector spots him and sneaks away from the yard with the toy. Whilst Woody is meeting up with new toys, Jessie the cowgirl, Stinky Pete the prospector and Bullseye the horse, whilst Buzz Lightyear and the rest of the toys enter the real world outside the house to find him. Film_Fan In "Toy Story 2," the fun and adventure continues when Andy goes off to summer camp and the toys are left to their own devices. Things shift into high gear when an obsessive toy collector kidnaps Woody who unbeknownst to himself is a highly valued collectable. It's now up to Buzz Lightyear and the gang from Andy's room - Mr. Potato Head, Slinky Dog, Rex and Hamm - to spring into action and save their pal from winding up as a museum piece. There's plenty of excitement and fun as the toys get into one predicament after another in their daring race to get home before Andy does. Aaron <michaels@freeway.net> TOY STORY 2 picks up sometime after TOY STORY left off. Andy is having a yard sale. A broken toy penguin named Wheezy is thrown in a selling box. In a rescue attempt, Woody gets Wheezy back. Unfortunately, Woody is left behind in a box and is stolen by a greedy toy collector. In an all-out rescue mission, Buzz and the gang try to get Woody back. Adding to the conflicts is the toy collector is soon selling Woody to Japan. neo101 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the movie begins, Woody is excited to be going to Cowboy Camp, a yearly event when just he and Andy are together. But before they leave, Andy accidentally rips Woody's arm. Andy can't fix Woody, so rather than take him to camp, he leaves Woody behind. The next day, Andy's mom holds a yard sale, and almost all the toys panic that they will be sold. However, the one in real danger is a little squeaky toy penguin named Wheezy, whose squeaker is broken. Woody manages to call Andy's dog Buster to help him, and they get Wheezy back in the house. However, Woody is left outside and is soon found by Al McWhiggen, the owner of Al's Toy Barn. Andy's mom quickly plucks Woody from the collector's grasp, saying that Woody is not for sale. When Andy's mom turns her back, though, Al manages to steal Woody, and quickly rushes off. The toys have seen this from Andy's room, and Buzz rushes outside to rescue his friend. However, the vehicle pulls away, but not before leaving behind a feather. Buzz also notes the license plate, which reads LZTYBRN. Back in Andy's room, the toys review the events as they unfolded, while Buzz uses Mr Spell to help him decipher the license plate. Finally, he hits on the key: Al's Toy Barn. Meanwhile, Woody finds himself in an apartment, and once Al leaves, meets up with three other toys: a horse named Bullseye, a cowgirl doll named Jessie, and an in-the-box doll called the Prospector. Each of the toys is excited to see Woody, but he has no idea who they are. They show him around Al's apartment, where Woody soon learns that he was once the star of a popular children's show called Woody's Round-Up. Back at Andy's place, the toys scan the television in Andy's room for a commercial advertising Al's Toy Barn. Etch-a-Sketch takes down the location, and Buzz jots it down on a post-it note. A rescue party is assembled, comprised of Buzz, Potato Head, Hamm, Rex, and Slinky Dog. Buzz tells the others that they'll return before Andy comes back from Cowboy Camp. Meanwhile, Woody has been watching episodes of the old television show in Al's apartment, but is shocked when one episode ends on a cliffhanger. The Prospector tells Woody that once public attention turned to astronauts, cowboys were out, and space toys were in. Woody's mood soon sours when he learns that the entire collection of Woody's Round-Up merchandise, as well as the four of them, are all set to be sold to the Kinishi Toy Museum in Tokyo, Japan. Woody says that he can't go, and has to get back to Andy. The Prospector explains that the museum will only accept everything if he (Woody) is included. Otherwise, the entire collection (including Bullseye, Jessie, and the Prospector) will go back into storage -- a situation that gets Jessie very upset. Suddenly Al returns, intending to get a group photo to send to the Toy Museum. In the process, he pulls off Woody's right arm. Al takes the arm and calls a toy repairman, while Woody freaks out over the loss of his arm. Later that evening, Al returns to the main room and falls asleep watching TV. Woody notices that his arm is in Al's pocket, and attempts to get it back. However, the VCR suddenly turns on, startling Al, and foiling Woody's plans. Al leaves the room and Woody notices the VCR remote near Jessie, prompting him to accuse her. Jessie does not take this lightly, and gets into a fight with Woody, before the Prospector breaks up their scuffle. The next morning, Buzz and the other rescuers finally reach Al's Toy Barn and split up to find Woody. Buzz's journey takes him down the Buzz Lightyear aisle, where he sees multiple versions of himself. Noting a display toy with a new anti-gravity belt, Buzz attempts take the belt for himself, but the display Buzz grabs him and subdues him. Much like Buzz in the first film, this other Buzz assumes he is a real space ranger. The deluded Buzz seals the real Buzz in a Buzz Lightyear box. When the others come along, they assume that deluded Buzz is their friend. Deluded Buzz goes off with the others as the real Buzz struggles to get out of his packaging prison. Back at Al's, the toy cleaner comes and fixes Woody, repairing his arm, then cleaning him and touching up his paint. The cleaner paints over the "ANDY" scrawling on the bottom of Woody's boot, making Woody look just like new. Al then takes the photos he needs, and goes off to his toy store to fax the information over to Japan. Woody is ecstatic to be whole again, and intends to leave -- much to Jessie's ire. The Prospector tells Woody that maybe he should patch things up between the two of them before he goes. Woody tries to tell Jessie about how great Andy is, but Jessie tells him that she once had an owner as well, named Emily. Jessie flashes back to her experiences of being loved, forgotten, and ultimately abandoned by her owner, Emily. "When She Loved Me" (by Randy Newman, voice: Sarah McLachlan) serves as the audio, in a memorable cinema-tearjerker montage, depicting how as Emily grew up, Jessie was put aside, and finally tossed into a donations box, never to see her owner again. Woody quietly starts to leave, when the Prospector warns that the same thing could happen to him, because he can't stop Andy from growing up. If he goes back, he may be discarded like Jessie ... but if he stays with the group, they'll be safe and last forever. Woody decides to listen to the Prospector, much to the delight of the other toys. Back at Al's Toy Barn, the gang finds Al sending a fax to Japan before going home to pack for his trip to Tokyo. The group jumps into Al's satchel, sure that he'll lead them to Woody. Back in the Buzz Lightyear aisle, the real Buzz has freed himself, and seeing Rex's tail sticking out the back of Al's satchel, follows along a few steps behind. As Buzz exits the store, he knocks over a display, which also contains a boxed toy of Buzz's arch-enemy: Zurg. The toy sees Buzz running off and pursues him. Unfortunately for the toys, Al leaves his bag in the car, so they attempt to enter Al's building using the ventilation system and an opening into the apartment building's elevator. Eventually, they make it to Al's apartment and find Woody, quickly attempting to rescue him, but not before the real Buzz shows up and proves himself to his friends. Woody then shocks his friends, claiming that he actually wants to go to Japan. In a near-reverse from the first film, Woody eagerly talks about the television show that was centered on his character, and all the related merchandise. "Woody, you're not a collectible, you are a child's plaything. You. are. a. TOY!" exclaims Buzz, intending to make his friend stay with Andy. But Woody pleads that he is living on borrowed time; any more damage and he could be thrown away. Buzz reminds Woody that he once told him life was only worth living if you're loved by a kid, and that's why he came to rescue Woody...because he believed those words. When Woody still refuses to go, the others decide to leave him. "I don't have a choice, Buzz," says Woody. "This is my only chance." "To do what, Woody?" asks Buzz, "To be looked at from behind glass and never be loved again? Some life." After they leave, Woody contemplates what Buzz said, and as an episode of Woody's Round-Up plays on the TV, Woody looks at his boot, and scrapes off the paint covering the name "ANDY." Woody suddenly has second thoughts, goes to the ventilation grate, and yells to Buzz that he's changed his mind, but then asks Jessie and Bullseye to come with him. Jessie is afraid of being hurt again, but Woody really wants her to come. Woody is about to ask the Prospector, when he finds the Prospector out of his box, sealing off the ventilation shaft cover. The Prospector's anger then comes out: he's spent his entire life in a package...never bought, never loved. He fully intends to go to Japan along with Woody, Jessie and Bullseye. Woody's friends attempt to open the grate, but haven't succeeded by the time Al returns to take the gang to Tokyo. The rescuers head back down the ventilation shaft towards the elevator, only to encounter the Zurg toy that was freed when the toys left Al's Toy Barn. The duplicate Buzz faces off against Zurg, but soon is shocked when the evil ruler proclaims that he is Buzz's father, and attempts to destroy him. Rex saves the day when he accidentally knocks Zurg off the elevator, defeating him. As the group makes their way to the lobby, they are unable to get in Al's car before it drives away, but they 'borrow' a Pizza Planet delivery truck that is running nearby. The duplicate Buzz stays behind. He's found Zurg, they're partaking in a father/son game of catch. The group makes it to the Tri-County Airport and manages to get to the baggage area. Because there are numerous cases like Al's, the group splits up. Buzz is eventually able to find the right one, but not before the Prospector pops out and punches him away. Woody faces off to fight the Prospector, but not before the angry toy uses his pick-axe to rip the new stitching on Woody's arm. The Prospector promises further dismemberment unless Woody complies and returns to the suitcase, but the plan is foiled when the rest of the group arrive. As Buzz holds the Prospector aloft, he rants that children destroy toys, and that someday they'll be tossed out and forgotten, rotting away in a landfill. Woody soon decides that the Prospector could benefit from a little 'playtime,' and the gang shoves him into a little girl's backpack. Upon receiving her backpack, the girl declares that the Prospector needs a makeover. Back in the airport baggage room, the gang has successfully freed Bullseye, but is unable to get to Jessie before the suitcase is sent out to the airplane. Riding on Bullseye, Woody and Buzz give chase, with Woody eventually making his way to the airplane. Jessie is pleased that Woody came to rescue her, but the joy soon turns to panic when the baggage doors close, and the plane begins to move. Woody and Jessie make their way out through an opening near the plane's front tires. Then Woody slips, and almost rips his right arm off again, before Buzz appears below. Woody and Jessie manage to swing off the wheel-well using Woody's pull-string and hop aboard Bullseye just as the plane takes off. The next day, Andy returns from Cowboy Camp and eagerly looks for his toys. They're neatly displayed on the bed -- and there are some new ones. Andy patches up Woody's arm in his own special way, and writes his name on the bottom of Jessie's and Bullseye's feet. Woody is soon overjoyed to see that Wheezy has also been fixed. One of the toys found an extra squeaker at the bottom of the toy box, and gleefully, Wheezy breaks into song. As the toys are enjoying the performance, Woody and Buzz go over to the nearby window, where down below, Andy, Molly, and their Mother are playing in the driveway. "Are you worried?" asks Buzz, remembering Woody's fears of Andy growing up and throwing him away. "About Andy?" asks Woody. "Nah. It'll be fun while it lasts." "I'm proud of you, cowboy," says Buzz, happy that his friend has come to terms with their uncertain future. "Besides," says Woody, putting an arm around his friend, "when it's all over, I'll have my old pal Buzz Lightyear to keep me company... To infinity, and beyond." The two join the other toys as Wheezy finishes his song ("You've Got A friend In Me," voice: Robert Goulet). 
 Finding Dory (2016)761) Friendly but forgetful blue tang Dory begins a search for her long-lost parents, and everyone learns a few things about the real meaning of family along the way. Dory is a wide-eyed, blue tang fish who suffers from memory loss every 10 seconds or so. The one thing she can remember is that she somehow became separated from her parents as a child. With help from her friends Nemo and Marlin, Dory embarks on an epic adventure to find them. Her journey brings her to the Marine Life Institute, a conservatory that houses diverse ocean species. Jwelch5742 The blue tang fish we have all grown to love returns along with her new "family": Nemo and Marlin. However, when a field trip brings back some old memories of Dory's real family, she sets off on a journey across the ocean to California waters. With new friends like Hank the septopus and Destiny the whale shark, Dory learns that her parents might be closer than she believes. Eric Not long after Nemo is found and returned home safely from his adventure, his friendly but forgetful blue tang fish pal, Dory, begins to remember bits and pieces of her past, as she ventures out on her own to begin searching for her long-lost parents. Corvid76 Dory wants to go to the open ocean a Place that She was born in. The septopus help her to go in to the ocean and find her parents. By the time She was searching She found a hole. A hole that She was thrown of IT. She begins another venture to find her parents in the hole.when She was moving in the hole, suddenly She hear a voice and She listened to IT, that was the whale. And they helped Dory to get out of that hole. While She was in the hole She saw nemo and her father. And they helped each other to get outta that Place. sorenaabtahian-38757 Dory, a regal blue tang, gets separated from her parents as a child. As she grows up, Dory attempts to search for them, but gradually forgets them due to her short-term memory loss. In the flashback of the previous film, Finding Nemo, she joins Marlin - a clown-fish looking for his missing son Nemo - after accidentally swimming into him. One year later, Dory is living with Marlin and Nemo on their reef. One day, Dory has a flashback and remembers that she has parents. She decides to look for them, but her memory problem is an obstacle. She eventually remembers that they lived at the Jewel of Morro Bay across the ocean in California, thanks to Nemo mentioning its name. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A five-year-old blue tang is practicing introducing herself with her parents, Charlie (voice of Eugene Levy ) and Jenny (voice of Diane Keaton ). "Hi, I'm Dory, and I have short-term remembory loss." They start a game of hide-and-seek with her, but as soon as she starts counting, she forgets about the game. Seeing the look on her parents' faces, she says "Did I forget again?" Jenny tells her not to worry, and she asks what will happen if she forgets her parents. "Would you ever forget me?" Jenny says, "We will never forget you, Dory. And we know you'll never forget us." Weeks later, Dory was swimming in the ocean alone, asking other fish for help, but since she couldn't remember anything, nobody could help her. "Just keep swimming, just keep swimming," she sang to herself, and then fell asleep. Years later, Dory (voice of Ellen DeGeneres ) is still lost and unable to remember her family. She sees a boat cruise by over her head, and a clownfish named Marlin (voice of Albert Brooks ) smacks into her. After Dory and Marlin rescued his son, Nemo (voice of Hayden Rolence ), she stays with them at the Great Barrier Reef. They all swim up to Mr. Ray (voice of Bob Peterson ), who is leading the class on a field trip. Dory volunteers to go along as an assistant and Mr. Ray reluctantly agrees. He talks to the class about migration and tells them that it's about going home. One kid asks Dory where her home is. The word "home" triggers a flash of a memory in her mind but she quickly loses it. Mr. Ray takes the class to the edge of the reef and reminds them to be careful of the undertow. Again, the word makes Dory remember something but she soon gets lost in thought. A school of rays swims by causing the grass to sway in their wake. The swaying grass entrances Dory who remembers two fish saying "Watch out, kelpcake," and "You have to stay away from the undertow." She swims near the rays and gets sucked into the undertow. Dory remembers being pulled away from her parents and then everything going black. Mr. Ray finds her lying in the sand and she murmurs "Jewel of Morro Bay, California." When she wakes up, she realizes that she had a memory, something that never happened before. When Marlin arrives, Dory is still excited about the memory although she can't remember what it was. Nemo repeats what she had said and she has a flood of memories. She remembers her family and realizes that they're still out in the ocean, somewhere, with no idea where she is. She sets out for the Jewel of Morro Bay with Marlin and Nemo following to keep her out of trouble. Marlin has an idea for how to get where they're going quickly. Marlin's friend, a turtle named Crush (voice of Andrew Stanton ), has the three of them on his shell, taking them through the California current. They jump off and see a sunken container ship, and a group of hermit crabs taking cover. The crabs shush Dory when she tries to ask for help, triggering another memory. As a young fish, she swam past a sunken ship and asked a group of crabs for help finding her parents, Jenny and Charlie, and they quickly shushed her. Back in the present, she tells Marlin that she remembers her parents' names. She swims around shouting their names with the crabs still trying to shush her. She swims up to a container and a squid pops out and chases her. The three of them swim as fast as they can with the squid in pursuit. Dory gets caught in a plastic six-pack ring. They swim through a small hole into a container and the squid shakes it, causing other containers to fall. In the scuffle, the squid grabs Nemo and pulls him toward its mouth. Marlin grabs Nemo and a container hits the floor causing the trio to be launched to safety, landing in a kelp bed. Marlin rushes over to console his trembling son and Dory asks if she can do anything to help. Marlin responds, "You know what you can do, Dory? You can wait over there. Go wait over there and forget. It's what you do best." Hurt, Dory decides to go get help and she swims off, unseen. She hears a voice ( Sigourney Weaver ) say "Won't you please join us as we explore the wonders of the Pacific Ocean and the amazing life it holds within. Witness the majesty of the beluga whale..." Confused, she follows the mysterious voice. When Marlin realizes that she swam off, he goes out to find her and sees a pair of hands scoop her out of the water. The humans pull her into their boat and remove the plastic ring around her. Then they put her in a cooler and shut the lid. The ship heads toward the shore with Marlin and Nemo frantically swimming after it. They hear a voice say, " Welcome to the Marine Life Institute, where we believe in rescue, rehabilitation and release." And then, the boat goes out of sight. The cooler lid opens and two staff workers dump Dory into a large tank and clip an orange tag to her fin and then leave the room. A seven-legged octopus named Hank (voice of Ed O'Neill ) had been disguising himself against a wall by changing color to match it. He slips over to Dory's tank asking her why she's in Quarantine. Spotting her tag, he tells her that she's going to be transported to an aquarium in Cleveland. She says that she has to find her family in the Jewel of Morro Bay and he responds that she's already there. "You mean, I'm from here? I'm from here!" Hank tells her that if she gives him her tag, she'll be able to stay and find her parents, while he goes to the aquarium. She asks why he wants to go there and he says he doesn't want to be released back into the ocean since he has bad memories from there. He just wants to go to Cleveland and live the rest of his life alone. Dory agrees to give him her tag, after he helps her find her parents. He grabs an empty coffee pot and uses it to scoop her out of the tank. Outside, Marlin and Nemo swim up to the building, finding a pair of sea lions, Fluke (voice of Idris Elba ) and Rudder (voice of Dominic West ), who explain that in the Institute, fish are rehabilitated and released, as they themselves were recently. Marlin tells them that he needs to get in the building and they say they know a way and then make strange "Oo-roo" noises. Hank is taking Dory down the hallway and she sees a map on a wall. He brings her closer and she sees a purple shell. That triggers another memory of her parents laying purple shells all around their coral home. Just then, a staffer walks in. Hank camouflages himself and Dory sees the staffer holding a bucket that has the word Destiny printed on it. Dory gets an idea and jumps in the bucket, which is full of dead fish. The staffer grabs her and a bunch of the other fish, and tosses them into a huge tank. There are a group of children outside the tank and a tour guide tells them that there is a whale shark named Destiny (voice of Kaitlin Olson ) in the tank. Destiny is near-sighted and has trouble swimming around the tank, but Dory stops her before she smacks the glass. She recognizes Dory's voice and tells her that they were childhood friends. Destiny tells Dory that she's from the Open Ocean exhibit and Dory asks her to take her there. Destiny tells her that she doesn't have any way to travel around. A beluga whale named Bailey (voice of Ty Burrell ) is in the next tank and Destiny tells Dory that he was brought in with a head injury. She says he thinks he can't use echolocation anymore even though the staff have examined him and found nothing wrong. Camouflaging himself as a toy, Hank gets tossed into the tank. He demands her tag in return for showing her the map. Destiny tells Dory that she can get to the Open Ocean exhibit by going through the pipes, taking two lefts and swimming straight. Dory worries that she won't remember the directions and Hank tells her there's no other way. His words trigger another memory, of young Dory trying to pry a shell loose from the sand. She thinks there's no other way to get the shell and is about to give up when her dad tells her that there's always another way and uses his tail to wiggle the shell loose. "There's always another way." She swims to the surface and sees the Open Ocean building over the hill. She also spots a rack of baby strollers and she tells Hank she will use one of them to get across the park. Fluke and Rudder are calling a loon named Becky, and they tell Marlin that she can fly them in. They climb into a bucket that Becky picks up and flies into the building. Inside, Dory and Hank are hiding in a stroller. Hank steers the stroller while Dory navigates. He tells her to find a sign that says Open Ocean to get to the exhibit. They bump into a boy who spills his popcorn on the floor. Flying in, Becky sees the popcorn, leaves the bucket hanging on a tree branch and flies down to eat it. Coming to an intersection, Hank asks which way to go and Dory sees a sign that reads "The World's Most Powerful Pair of Glasses," and an arrow points to the left. She tells Hank that she remembers that and they need to go left. She doesn't notice that the sign also says "Open Ocean" with an arrow pointing right. Marlin and Nemo are stuck in the bucket with Becky still eating popcorn. Marlin tries to inch the bucket forward to get within Becky's earshot and it tips over, dumping them out and into a tank of toy fish in the gift shop. Becky finishes eating and grabs the bucket again and flies off to the roof of the Quarantine building. She looks in the bucket and finds it empty. Dory and Hank pull up to the sea otter tank and Hank asks why she led them there. She tells him that she remembered something about glasses and followed that. The stroller rolls downhill and they're launched into the kid's touch-pool. Dodging kids' hands, she swims up to the camouflaged Hank and pulls him along. A kid's hand touches Hank and he inks, turning the pool black, and scaring off all the kids. Hank can't believe that her idea had saved them. Dory sees a sign that reads "Echolocation...The World's Most Powerful Pair of Glasses" and Hank shows her that the wall opened to reveal the Open Ocean exhibit. Inside the toy tank, Marlin and Nemo see a group of fountains with streams of water shooting between them. They jump out of the tank and catch a water stream, jumping from one to the next. Hank holds Dory in a plastic cup and sneaks across the room to the Open Ocean exhibit. She hands him her tag and he drops her into the tank. On the floor, she sees a trail of shells. Another memory pops into her mind and she remembers her parents placing shells in a line. They tell her that if she ever gets lost, she can just follow the shells back home. Dory follows the trail of shells and finds her childhood home but her parents are nowhere to be found. She sees a purple shell which triggers another memory of her parents warning her to stay away from the undertow. She swims to an outflow pipe and another memory pops up of her overhearing a conversation between her parents. They worry that something bad will happen to her one day. Young Dory looked around for something to make her mom happy, finding a purple shell in the distance. "Mommy loves purple shells." Dory swam out to the shell and got sucked away by the undertow. Dory realizes that it's her fault her parents aren't there. A crab named Carol tells her that all of the blue tangs who were there got taken into Quarantine and are being put on a truck bound for Cleveland. Carol says that Dory can get to Quarantine by swimming through the pipes. Nervously, Dory swims into the pipes, quickly forgetting which way she's going. She calls out to Destiny and asks for help. Destiny tells Bailey to use echolocation to help Dory. Bailey is convinced that it won't work but gives it a try anyway and is surprised that he can visualize a map of the pipes. He guides her toward Quarantine but then he senses something else in the pipes. He tries to have Dory swim away but she keeps swimming closer. Dory is surprised to see Marlin and Nemo in the pipes and they all hug. She tells them that her parents are going to be shipped away and they head to Quarantine. They see a tank of blue tangs across the room and swim up to the surface and jump from tank to tank. Just when they get to the last tank, it gets lifted up and they hit the side and fall into a mop bucket. Camouflaged, Hank reaches in and pulls them out, putting them in a beaker. Dory introduces Hank to Marlin and Nemo and Hank drops them into the tank of tangs. Dory looks around but can't find her parents anywhere. The other tangs tell her that they knew her parents. After she got lost as a child, her parents thought she must have ended up in Quarantine. They came to look for her but that was years ago. The tangs tell Dory that when a fish doesn't make it back from Quarantine, it means they're gone. Sadly, Dory backs into the beaker and Hank pulls her out. He asks where Marlin and Nemo are and sees them get loaded onto the truck. A staffer grabs Hank and he drops the beaker. He slaps at the staffer, who lets him go, and he quickly camouflages himself and looks at the spot where the beaker fell. He sees Dory get sucked into a drain that goes to the ocean. In the ocean, Dory finds a trail of shells and follows them to a home made from a tire. Seeing two fish off in the distance, she swims toward them and realizes that they're her parents. They swim up to her and hug her. They tell her that after they didn't find her in Quarantine, they figured she must have gone out the pipes. They laid out shells every day, hoping she'd see them and come back home. They ask her if she's been alone all these years. Suddenly, she remembers Marlin and Nemo. Inside the truck, Hank reveals himself to Marlin and Nemo and tells them that he lost Dory. Dory is swimming through the water, catching her parents up on everything that's happened to her. Suddenly, she hears the announcer voice from the Marine Life Institute. The next thing she hears is a truck starting up and she remembers that Marlin and Nemo are on it. She calls out to Destiny and she and Bailey jump over the walls of the tank, landing in the ocean next to Dory. They all swim after the truck, using a group of otters to stop traffic. One of the otters carries Dory into the back of the truck and Hank puts her in the tank with Marlin and Nemo. Marlin calls out to Becky, who flies in with her bucket. Marlin and Nemo jump in but Becky flies off before Dory can join them. Becky dumps them into the ocean, right next to Destiny. She asks where Dory is and Marlin tells them she's still in the truck. Marlin calls to Becky and tells her to fly back to the truck and get Dory. Hank reaches into the tank for Dory, but she doesn't want him to leave her and she gets him to agree to join her in the ocean. Just then, a staffer slams the back door and drives the truck away. Destiny swims after them but can't keep up. Dory sees a vent in the roof and Hank grabs her and moves toward it. Hank and Dory squeeze through the vent, and Hank plasters himself across the windshield, forcing the driver to stop. When the driver walks out, Hank shuts the door and locks it, taking control of the truck. He drives off with Dory navigating. She sees a car pulling a boat and follows it. Dory sees a splat on the windshield, and sees that it came from a flock of seagulls heading left. She has Hank follow them and they drive up a hill. Dory sees the ocean at the bottom and she tells Hank to floor it. The truck falls off the edge of a cliff and tumbles toward the ocean, sending all the fish inside flying. Dory and Hank happily plunge into the ocean below. Back at the Great Barrier Reef, Dory is playing hide-and-seek with the students. Hank tells them that Mr. Ray is away on migration and until he gets back, Hank will be their substitute teacher. Bailey and Destiny tell the kids about echolocation. Dory tells her parents that she'll see them in a while but she wants to do something first. She swims off, with Marlin following after her, trying to keep himself hidden. She swims up to the edge of the drop-off, then calls out to Marlin, who sheepishly swims up to her. She tells him that she enjoys the view, and they both look out into the ocean. "Unforgettable," she says. 