nm0000450:

 Charlie Wilson's War (2007)431) A drama based on a Texas congressman Charlie Wilson's covert dealings in Afghanistan, where his efforts to assist rebels in their war with the Soviets have some unforeseen and long-reaching effects. In the early 1980s, Charlie Wilson is a womanizing US congressional representative from Texas who seemed to be in the minor leagues, except for the fact that he is a member of two major foreign policy and covert-ops committees. However, prodded by his major conservative supporter, Houston Socialite Joanne Herring, Wilson learns about the plight the people are suffering in the brutal Soviet occupation of Afghanistan. With the help of the maverick CIA agent, Gustav "Gust" Avrakotos, Wilson dedicates his canny political efforts to supply the Afghan mujahideen with the weapons and support to defeat the Soviet Union. However, Charlie Wilson eventually learns that while military victory can be had, there are other consequences and prices to that fight that are ignored to everyone's sorrow. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Congressman Charlie Wilson represents the second congressional district in Texas. For those few who know or know of him, he is seen as a lightweight congressman, who is more than willing to sell his votes in the house. As such, he has collected more IOUs than any other congressman. He is also an illicit drug user and womanizer, who staffs his office with attractive young women. He is able to get away with all this behavior since little scrutiny is placed on him because no one pays any attention to him. In 1980, he begins an interest in the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan after seeing network news reports and speaking to one of his women friends, the wealthy Joanne Herring, a right wing, fundamentalist Christian zealot. He is dismayed to learn that the US has no official policy on the Afghan situation, only supporting the Afghan side of the war - the mujahideen - with a meager $10 million. And within the CIA, there is only an unofficial and clandestine policy of wanting to bleed the Soviets at the expense of the Afghan people. Charlie wants to speak to a high ranking CIA official about the situation, but instead is sent Gust Avrakotos, a committed but disgruntled CIA operative working the Afghan file, whose appointment was not meant to be meritorious. Charlie and Gust end up working together on a covert mission toward the common goal of arming and training the mujahideen to defeat the Soviets. Gust works the strategic side within the CIA, and Charlie, calling in whatever favor he can, works the political and diplomatic side. Charlie's tasks are not easy as he has to bring together not only disparate but often hostile opposing political and religious forces to achieve his goal. Charlie learns that his personal life may come back to haunt him, and that winning the war may come with unexpected consequences. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "Good-Time Charlie" Wilson, a flawed and fun-loving Congressman from the piney woods of East Texas, deftly operates the levers of power to funnel money and weapons to the Mujahideen of Afghanistan following the Soviet invasion of their country in late 1979. Charlie finds assistance in the oddest of places -- a renegade CIA agent whose outsider status and womanizing ways endears him to Wilson; a Houston socialite who leads Wilson to the cause; the willing Pakistani dictator fascinated by the socialite; the Israelis who modify and manufacture Soviet weapons to maintain the wink-and-nudge illusion of American neutrality; and the women -- ooh the women. Based on the story (and the excellent book of the same name) that is so true and engaging that artistic liberties are not needed, even if they are taken in the film. 
 Capote (2005)761) In 1959, Truman Capote learns of the murder of a Kansas family and decides to write a book about the case. While researching for his novel In Cold Blood, Capote forms a relationship with one of the killers, Perry Smith, who is on death row. Famed writer Truman Capote , southern born and bred but now part of the New York City social circle, is growing weary of his current assignment of writing autobiographical type pieces for the New Yorker. After reading a newspaper article about the just occurred November 14, 1959 cold blooded murders of the Clutter family in their rural Kansas home, Truman feels compelled to write about that event as his next article. So he and his personal assistant Nelle Harper Lee , also a southern born New Yorker and an aspiring writer of her own, head to Kansas to research the story first-hand. Truman hopes to use his celebrity status to gain access to whomever he needs, such as to Laura Kinney, a friend of the Clutter daughter she who discovered the bodies, and to Alvin Dewey, the lead police investigator and also a Clutter family friend. If his celebrity doesn't work, Truman will grease the wheels by whatever means necessary. When the police eventually charge suspects, two young men named Dick Hickcock and Perry Smith, Truman uses those same tactics to gain access to them. Truman's fascination with the story makes him believe that he can revolutionize writing by expanding the germ of the article into what he calls a non-fiction novel. His personal involvement also changes as he grows emotionally attached to Perry, the seemingly sensitive and thus probable submissive in the criminal pairing, thus Truman becoming part of the story itself. Article or non-fiction novel, Truman knows that he has to take it to its natural conclusion, something which he cannot force. But also missing are the details of the November 14, 1959 event itself, something that neither Dick or Perry have divulged even in testimony. Huggo Reading of the murder of a Kansas family, New York City novelist Truman Capote decides to cover the story himself, and travels to the small town with his childhood friend, aspiring novelist Harper Lee . When Perry Smith and Dick Hickock are arrested and charged, Capote forms an emotional bond with Smith during his jailhouse interviews despite the young criminal's apparent guilt. November 1959. Intrigued by the brutal murder of the Clutter family in rural Holcomb, Kansas, after reading an in-depth article in The New York Times, the acclaimed author of Breakfast at Tiffany's (1961) , Truman Capote , decides the story will be the subject of his next article for The New Yorker. So, without delay, Truman Capote heads for Kansas, accompanied by his close friend, Harper Lee , who has recently completed her manuscript for To Kill a Mockingbird (1962) . However, as the inquisitive reporter digs deeper and deeper into the story that shocked America, a strange mixture of twisted friendship, manipulation, co-dependency, male bonding, and empathy begins to develop--all crucial ingredients for Truman Capote 's non-fiction novel, In Cold Blood. Nick Riganas In 1959, Truman Capote, a popular writer for The New Yorker, learns about the horrific and senseless murder of a family of four in Holcomb, Kansas. Inspired by the story material, Capote and his partner, Harper Lee, travel to the town to research for an article. However, as Capote digs deeper into the story, he is inspired to expand the project into what would be his greatest work, In Cold Blood. To that end, he arranges extensive interviews with the prisoners, especially with Perry Smith, a quiet and articulate man with a troubled history. As he works on his book, Capote feels some compassion for Perry which in part prompts him to help the prisoners to some degree. However, that feeling deeply conflicts with his need for closure for his book which only an execution can provide. That conflict and the mixed motives for both interviewer and subject make for a troubling experience that would produce an literary account that would redefine modern non-fiction. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) On the night of 14 November 1959, in Holcomb, Kansas, a farmhouse is broken into by the criminals Perry Smith and Dick Hickock that expect to get US$ 10,000.00. With the policy of "no witness", the murderers kill the entire family. The homosexual writer Truman Capote travels to the small town with his friend Nelle Harper Lee and decide to use the topic to write a book. When the killers are arrested, he becomes friend of Perry for his own interest and then he falls in love for him, and gets a new lawyer for them, postponing their execution until 14 April 1965. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1959, the bodies of the Clutter family are discovered on their Kansas farm. While reading The New York Times, Truman Capote (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is riveted by the story and calls The New Yorker magazine editor William Shawn (Bob Balaban) to tell him that he plans to document the tragedy. Capote travels to Kansas, inviting childhood friend Nelle Harper Lee (Catherine Keener) to come along. He intends to interview those involved with the Clutter family, with Lee as his go-between and facilitator. Alvin Dewey (Chris Cooper), the Kansas Bureau of Investigation's lead detective on the case, brushes him off. Still, Dewey's wife Marie (Amy Ryan) is a fan of Capote's writing and persuades her husband to invite Capote and Lee to their house for dinner. Capote's stories of movie sets and film stars captivate Marie. Over time, her husband warms to Capote and allows him to view the photographs of the victims. The Deweys, Lee, and Capote are having dinner when the murder suspects, Perry Smith (Clifton Collins Jr.) and Richard "Dick" Hickock (Mark Pellegrino), are caught. Flattery, bribery, and a keen insight into the human condition facilitate Capote's visits to the prison where the accused are held. Capote begins to form an attachment to Smith. He informs Shawn of his intent to expand the story into a full-length book. Following the trial and conviction, Capote gains continued access to the murderers by bribing Warden Marshall Krutch (Marshall Bell). Capote spends the following years regularly visiting Smith and learning about his life, excepting a year-long stint when he goes to Morocco and Spain to write the "first three parts" of the book, accompanied by his romantic partner Jack Dunphy (Bruce Greenwood). The story of Smith's life, his remorseful manner, and his emotional sincerity impress Capote, who becomes emotionally attached to him despite the gruesome murders. Capote aids Smith and Hickock by obtaining expert legal counsel for them and initiating an appeal. Still, he is frustrated, as Smith declines to relate exactly what happened the night of the murders. Though initially an effort to provide proper representation and extend Capote's opportunity to speak with the killers, the appeals process drags on for several years. Without the court case being resolved, Capote feels he is stuck with a story without an ending, and he is unable to complete his book. Eventually, he gets Smith to describe the killings and his thoughts at the time in great detail. He has what he wants from Smith, but he sees a callousness and selfishness in his own actions in the process. Now with everything in hand, Capote still must wait for the appeals process to conclude before he feels he can publish his work. Over time, Lee's best-selling novel To Kill a Mockingbird is turned into a movie, but Capote is unable to share in the joy of his friend's success, too caught up in drinking through his own misery. With the last appeal rejected, Smith pleads for Capote to return before he is executed, but Capote cannot bring himself to do so. A telegram from Smith to Harper Lee ultimately compels Capote to return to Kansas. There he is an eyewitness as Smith and Hickock are executed. Capote talks to Lee about the horrifying experience and laments that he could not do anything to stop it. She replies, "Maybe not. The fact is you didn't want to." While returning home, Capote looks through photos from the case and at the writings and drawings given to him by Smith. An epilogue points out that In Cold Blood turned Capote into the most famous writer in America, also noting that he never finished another book. A postscript gives the epigraph he would have chosen for the title of Answered Prayers: "More tears are shed over answered prayers than unanswered ones", a quote from Saint Teresa of vila. 
 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead (2007)541) When two brothers organize the robbery of their parents' jewelry store the job goes horribly wrong, triggering a series of events that sends them, their father and one brother's wife hurtling towards a shattering climax. Needing extra cash, two brothers conspire to pull off the perfect, victimless crime. No guns, no violence, no problem. But when an accomplice ignores the rules and crosses the line, his actions trigger a series of events in which no one is left unscathed. Carol Green Andy and Hank Hanson are the oldest and youngest of three New York City based siblings, Andy the smart but ruthless one, Hank the good looking but weak minded one. Because of issues in their marriage, Andy's wife, Gina Hanson, has been having a clandestine casual affair with divorced Hank, who in turn believes he is in love with her. Andy, who pulls in six figures as the finance manager at a real estate office, is nonetheless facing financial problems of his own making, his white collar criminal activity to pay off his debts which is on the verge of being discovered which would ruin him completely. To get out of his bind, Andy is able to convince an initially reluctant Hank, who is facing his own more open financial problems in being behind in child support payments, to commit what Andy calls a victimless crime: hold-up their parents Charles and Nanette Hanson's small Westchester jewelry store as they know not only the routine and key information having worked there themselves, but that their parents would not lose anything in being covered by insurance, and no violence would be required as the hold-up would occur when the Hansons' elderly employee Doris alone would just be opening the store. Andy is further able to convince Hank to carry out the actual robbery. The result of the robbery not only affects the brothers' financial problems, but, in combination with the existing family dynamic especially with Charles, family interrelationships and individual family member lives in their entirety as things start to spiral out of control from the pressure. Huggo In New York, Andy Hanson is an addicted executive of a real estate office that has embezzled a large amount for his addiction and expensive way of life with his wife Gina. When an audit is scheduled in his department, he becomes desperate for money. His baby brother Hank Hanson is a complete loser that owes three months of child support to his daughter, and is having a love affair with Gina every Thursday afternoon. Andy plots a heist of the jewelry of their parent in a Saturday morning without the use of guns, expecting to find an old employee working and without financial damage to his parents, since the insurance company would reimburse the loss. On Monday morning, we would raise the necessary money he needs to cover his embezzlement. He invites Hank to participate, since he is very well known in the mall where the jewelry is located and could be recognized. However, Hank yellows and invites the thief Bobby Lasorda to steal the store, but things go wrong when their mother Nanette comes to work as the substitute for the clerk and Bobby brings a hidden gun. Nanette reacts and kills Bobby but she is also lethally shot. After the death of Nanette, their father Charles Hanson decides to investigate the robbery with tragic consequences. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman), is a finance executive in desperate need of money to cover funds he embezzled from his employer, which he stole to pay for drugs, due to an upcoming audit. His brother Hank (Ethan Hawke), needs money to pay child support or else his ex-wife (Amy Ryan) will cut him out of his daughter's life. Andy devises a plan to rob their parents' jewelry store, which Hank reluctantly agrees to. Andy argues that he cannot go himself because he has been in the neighborhood recently, and could therefore be recognized. They assume that only the old woman who works for their parents will be in the store. Andy states that only a toy gun is needed and that it is a victimless crime, because the insurance will repay their parents. Without consulting Andy, Hank hires a co-worker who is also an experienced thief, Bobby Lasorda (Brian F. O'Byrne), to help him in the robbery. In fact, Bobby will do it himself (with a real and loaded gun); Hank just needs to wait in the car. The brothers' mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) happens to be in the store herself filling in for the original clerk. The robbery goes awry when Nanette pulls a hidden gun on Bobby, causing a shootout. Hank flees the scene after seeing Bobby shot to death. Nanette dies later in the hospital after her husband Charles (Albert Finney) agrees to take her off life support. Charles, unsatisfied with the police's help, decides to investigate on his own as he knows that Bobby had a partner in crime and becomes obsessed with finding the other criminal (Hank). Hank finds himself fixing many problems while Andy only chastises him for his mistake. After removing evidence he had left in the rented car he used for the robbery, Hank is confronted by Bobby's brother-in-law Dex (Michael Shannon) who demands financial compensation for Bobby's death to provide for Bobby's widow/the in-law's sister, Chris. Hank has secretly been having an affair with Andy's wife, Gina (Marisa Tomei), who has been unsatisfied with her relationship to Andy. Gina reveals this to Andy at the point of leaving him. Upon hearing of Dex's blackmail, Andy decides to fix the situation with Hank by robbing Andy's drug dealer. Once at the dealer's apartment, they overpower the dealer and steal his money. Hank is then shocked when Andy murders the dealer and a client who happened to be present. The brothers then go to pay off Dex, but Andy impulsively kills him for fear of blackmailing them further. When Hank objects to Andy wanting to kill Chris (partially because Chris and Bobby's child is heard in an adjacent room), Andy decides to kill Hank and reveals to him he knows about Hank and Gina's relationship. Before Andy can pull the trigger, he is shot by Chris with her brother's gun. Hank leaves his brother and most of the money before fleeing. Charles had been following his sons this whole time, having picked up their trail and found out they were behind the robbery. Andy is moved to a hospital where Charles visits him. Andy feebly apologizes to his estranged father for everything, explaning Nanette's death to be an accident. Charles accepts his apology. Charles then attaches Andy's heart monitor to himself, before proceeding to suffocate his son with a pillow, killing him. As medical staff rush to Andy's aid, Charles leaves. 
 The Master (2012)431) A Naval veteran arrives home from war unsettled and uncertain of his future - until he is tantalized by the Cause and its charismatic leader. Following his discharge from the US Navy after WWII, Freddie Quell is having difficulties adjusting to non-military life partly due to his war experiences in the tropics. He has a violent temper. He is obsessed with sex, which is partly why he can't and won't commit to his teenaged girlfriend, Doris Solstad. And he is an alcoholic, drinking primarily concoctions he creates himself with dangerous ingredients. It is these factors in combination that lead to him being fired from one job after another, from department store portrait photographer to cabbage picker. Wandering one night in 1950 while drunk, he stumbles upon a yacht being used by Lancaster and Peggy Dodd, the yacht aboard which their daughter Elizabeth will get married. Feeling a connection to the stranger, Lancaster invites Freddie to stay aboard to work. In addition to that work, Lancaster indoctrinates him into his cult, named the Cause, which purports to do things as varied as cure serious maladies and create world peace. Peggy, Elizabeth and Elizabeth's husband Clark all subscribe to and support Lancaster's teachings. The only one of the Dodd family that doesn't is Lancaster and Peggy's son, Val Dodd, who believes his father is just making things up as he goes along. Because of being lost psychologically, Freddie is easy prey, he who is looking for something or someone to guide him to a higher plane. But as Freddie travels with the Dodd family as they spout the gospel, he and the Dodds may become at odds with each other if Freddie cannot or does not find from them and the Cause what he needs in life to survive emotionally. Huggo After returning from the Second World War, having witnessed many horrors, a charismatic intellectual creates a faith-based organization in an attempt to provide meaning to his life. He becomes known as "The Master". His right-hand man, a former drifter, begins to question both the belief system and The Master as the organization grows and gains a fervent following. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Alcoholic Freddie Quell (Joaquin Phoenix) is a World War II veteran suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and struggling to adjust to a post-war society. He finds a job as a photographer at a local department store taking family portraits, but is eventually fired for assaulting a customer after drunkenly harassing him. Freddie then finds work on a cabbage farm, but one of his home-made alcoholic beverages poisons an elderly coworker due to its questionable contents. Freddie is chased off the farm by his employers and becomes a drifter. One night, Freddie, while intoxicated, boards the yacht of Lancaster Dodd (Philip Seymour Hoffman), the leader of a philosophical movement known as The Cause. Despite Freddie's intrusion, Dodd allows Freddie to stay because he enjoys his drinks (revealed to be made with paint thinner), even going so far as to extend an invitation to Freddie to attend the marriage of Dodd's daughter (Ambyr Childers). Dodd exposes Freddie to the exercise known as Processing, during which Freddie is subjected to heavy psychological questioning with the intent of conquering any past traumas Freddie may have. It is revealed that his father has died, his mother is institutionalized, he may have had an incestuous relationship with his aunt, and he abandoned the love of his life, a young girl named Doris (Madisen Beaty) who wrote to him while he was at war. Freddie takes a liking to The Cause, and Dodd sees something exceptional in Freddie. Together they begin to travel along the East Coast spreading the teachings of The Cause. However, Freddie's violent and erratic behavior has not improved, nor has his alcoholism. At a dinner party in New York, a man questions Dodd's methods and statements, and Freddie responds by assaulting him later in the night. Other members of The Cause begin to worry about Freddie's behavior, despite Dodd's insisting that Freddie is an important part of the movement. While visiting in Philadelphia, Dodd's wife Peggy (Amy Adams) tells Freddie that he must quit drinking if he wishes to stay, to which he agrees. However, he has no true intention of keeping his promise. Freddie criticizes Dodd's son Val (Jesse Plemons) for disregarding his father's teachings, but he responds by informing Freddie that his father is a fraud and all of his teachings are being improvised. Dodd is arrested for practicing medicine without proper qualifications, and Freddie is also arrested for assaulting police officers. When he is imprisoned, he responds by destroying parts of his jail cell and smashing his head on the top bunk bed. Dodd attempts to calm him down from the neighboring cell but Freddie erupts in a tirade, questions everything that Dodd has taught him and accuses him of being a fake. The two men trade insults until Dodd turns his back. They eventually reconcile upon their release, but members of The Cause have become more suspicious and fearful of Freddie, believing him to be insane or an undercover agent. Freddie returns to the exercises performed by The Cause, but becomes increasingly angry and frustrated with his lack of results and repetition of the exercises. Eventually he passes the tests, with Dodd hugging him in approval. They travel to Phoenix, Arizona to release Dodd's latest work, which he was initially hesitant to publish. When Dodd's publisher criticizes the quality of the book and its teachings to Freddie, Freddie drags him outside and assaults him. Helen Sullivan (Laura Dern), a key member of The Cause, upon reading the book, questions Dodd for contradicting previously-established practices in the new book, and Dodd loses his temper publicly. During another exercise in which Freddie is supposed to ride a motorcycle at high speed through the desert towards an object in the distance, he instead abandons Dodd, rides the motorcycle out of the desert, and decides to leave The Cause. He attempts to rekindle his relationship with Doris, but learns from her mother that seven years have passed since he last saw her and that she is now happily married with children and is living in Alabama. Freddie leaves disappointed, but seems pleased that Doris has made a happy life for herself. While sleeping in a movie theater, Freddie has a "vision" of Dodd, who calls him by telephone, having mysteriously located him. Dodd informs Freddie that he is now residing in England and that Freddie must travel and join him as soon as possible. Taking the dream literally, he travels across the Atlantic to reunite with Dodd. Upon Freddie's arrival at Dodd's school, Peggy concludes that Freddie has no intention of improving his life and should not be involved in The Cause at all. Dodd finally realizes that his wife is correct, and that Freddie must venture out to the world and take his own path. He gives Freddie an ultimatum: Stay with The Cause and devote himself to it for the rest of his life, or leave and never come back. Freddie decides to leave. After leaving, he meets a woman at a pub and has sex with her, while reciting the questions Dodd had first posed to him during their first session at sea. The film ends with the image of Freddie on the beach, lying in the sand, next to the sand sculpture of a woman he had earlier defiled. 