nm0006548:

 Vacation (I) (2015)321) Rusty Griswold takes his own family on a road trip to "Walley World" in order to spice things up with his wife and reconnect with his sons. Following in the footsteps of his father, Clark Griswold, the man with a vision in National Lampoon's Vacation (1983) , his son, too, the hard-working family man, Rusty Griswold, wants to have some quality time with his wife, Debbie, and their two sons, Kevin and James. With the idea of revisiting the place of his vivid childhood memories, the exciting Walley World, keep coming to mind, Rusty decides to surprise his family with his proposal for an unforgettable trip across the country in their rented Albanian SUV. However, as the Griswolds hit the road for some serious family-bonding, this is easier said than done, and, disaster after disaster, Rusty's romantic intentions seem to go down the drain. Can some minor mishaps thwart Rusty's plans for creating the perfect family vacation? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, we are introduced to Rusty Griswold (Ed Helms) who is a pilot for Econoair, a regional airline. He is show making the 18 minute flight from South Bend, Indiana to Chicago. He lands, and while waiting for the Crew Shuttle, he is bullied out of line by a rival pilot (Ron Livingston). At home we see Rusty is married to Debbie (Christina Applegate). His older awkward teenage son James (Skyler Gisondo) is being bullied by his younger brother Kevin (Steele Stebbins). Kevin wrote "I have a vagina" on James's acoustic guitar. Rusty fixes it by crossing out "vagina" and writing "penis". That night, the Griswolds have dinner with their neighbors the Petersons (Keegan-Michael Key and Regina Hall). Jack Peterson has a great relationship with his son. They built a go-kart and play fight. Rusty tries to show that he and his kids have the same great relationship, but Kevin isn't interested in pretending and James is just really bad at bonding. Nancy Peterson passive-aggressively gives Debbie a hard time about not liking her Instagram photos from the family's Paris vacation. She also comments on the fact that Debbie has lost so much weight that her wedding ring is loose on her finger. Rusty leaves the dining area, but comes back in time to hear Debbie reveal that she's disappointed that the family only ever vacations at their cabin in Cheboygan, Michigan every year and that she'd like to do something different. Rusty rents a car, the only thing left was a thing called a Prancer from the Ukraine. It has two gas tanks and is a hybrid, unfortunately the outlets are insane (and have corkscrews as part of the plugs). It also has too many mirrors and a ridiculous amount of buttons on the key fob including a swastika and a muffin. It was the only thing available that weekend. Rusty is recreating his favorite vacation from he was a kid, he's taking the family to Walley World in Los Angeles! During the first day's drive, Rusty tries to get the family to sing along with the song Kiss From a Rose by Seal. They have no interest. He shows the family that the car comes standard with a CB so they can talk to truckers. Rusty asks the truck behind them (which has a teddy bear mounted to the grill) if the road is clear of cops. The trucker says it is. Kevin gets on the CB and asks the trucker if its true that all truckers are rapists. Rusty bungles up an apology and explanation as the truck barrels past them. The family stops at a diner for lunch in Missouri. As they leave, we see the Teddy Bear Truck is in the parking lot. On the road, James sees a cute girl in the back of a Jeep and they have a wordless flirtation until Kevin puts a plastic bag over his head from behind and tries to kill him. Once James is free, the Jeep girl is gone. When the Griswolds get to Tennessee, Rusty decides to take a detour and show the boys where their mom went to college. They go to her old sorority house and see they're doing a "chug run" (an obstacle course you have to complete after you chug a pitcher of beer) to raise money for "Ass Burgers" instead of Aspergers. Debbie brags that she actually invented the chug run. One of the current sisters hears and asks if shes the legendary Debbie Does Anything. Debbie is clearly embarrassed that Rusty is finding out about her wild college days. The Sorority Sisters dismiss Debbie as being old, but to prove that shes still got it, she decides to do the chug run. Debbie chugs the beer and immediately starts projectile vomiting her way through the course. Back on the road, the Teddy Bear Truck is behind the Prancer. It speeds up and taps their bumper. Rusty speeds away, but the truck is hot on their tail. Rusty decides to pull a Fast and the Furious move and yank the emergency brake while turning so they can take off in the opposite direction and get away. His logic: "If Vin Diesel can do it, so can I." Rusty attempts the move and rolls the Prancer end over end along the highway. Luckily it ends up on its wheels and they take off. The family stops at a little motel and Rusty is a little embarrassed that Debbie clearly has experienced more than he has. They have the number conversation. Rusty has been with three women. Debbie has been with about 30 guys. He decides to spice up their sex life and says they're going to do it in the shower. The shower is unfortunately disgusting and they don't. Outside, James is playing his guitar while soaking his feet in the hot tub. The girl from the Jeep is staying at the same motel. The girl introduces herself as Adena (Catherine Missal). They're really starting to hit it off until Rusty comes out and tries to help. Instead of helping, he ends up looking like a paedophile and scares off Adena. The next stop is to visit Rusty's older sister Audrey (Leslie Mann) and her husband, an incredibly successful and handsome weatherman named Stone Crandall (Chris Hemsworth). Debbie is a little too enamored by Stone, so Rusty decides to make another detour first. The family stops at a hot spring, but the line to get in is really long. He asks a local passing by (with a rat on his shoulder) if he knows a shortcut. The local tells him to take the dirt road off to the side up until it ends. Rusty thanks the local and asks the pet rat's name. The local sees the rat, screams, and runs away. The Griswolds head up the dirt road and find the spring. At first it's great, but then they find an ear and a syringe. They realize its not a spring, but a septic dump. They get out and return to the Prancer only to find that the local broke in and stole all their stuff. Plus, the local also painted the shape of a penis on the side of the Prancer. The Griswolds get to Audrey and Stone's house. It's a huge ranch. Rusty wanted to make up a better excuse why they had no money, were in their swimsuits and covered in shit, but Kevin tells them everything. Stone is amazing. Everyone loves him. That night, Debbie is super turned on, but Rusty realizes it is just because she's turned on by Stone. In fact, her wedding ring is gone. She explains that its been loose lately and she lost it. She's really upset by that, but it was an accident. Stone comes in to tell them how to operate the remote control. He is only in boxer briefs and we can clearly see the outline of his massive penis. The next morning, Rusty wakes up early to help Stone wrangle cattle. Instead of horses, they ride 4 wheeler Quads. Rusty is of course in over his head and ends up riding right through a steer and it explodes. Stone hoses the steer guts off Rusty and the Griswolds are on their way again. That family stops at a reservation for the night. They're by the Four Corners Monument, so Rusty has the idea that he and Debbie should do it outside in four states all at the same time. They sneak off and go there. Unfortunately there are already dozens of naked couples with the same idea in mind. Four policemen from the four Indian states (Michael Pena, Nick Kroll, Kaitlin Olson and Tim Heidecker) swoop in to make arrests. Everyone flees except Rusty and Debbie. They too are able to escape when the four cops fight over whose jurisdiction this is. Back at the reservation, James runs into Adena again. He comes clean and explains that the paedophile was his dad trying to be his wing man. Right when they're about to kiss, Kevin comes out and ruins things. Adena thought James was being bullied by an older brother and doesn't understand why he just doesn't stand up to Kevin. James explains that he has been trying to be the bigger man. She asks how that has been working so far? It hasn't. So James finally stands up to Kevin and awkwardly wins. Back on the road, they stop at the Grand Canyon to go rafting. Their guide (Charlie Day) gets dumped by his fianc right before the trip and decides to take a much more dangerous fork in the river towards a waterfall. The family barely makes it to safety, but the guide goes over the falls. Back on the road, Rusty tries to sing Kiss From a Rose again, but no one is having any part of it. This has all been too much. They're at the end of their ropes. The car runs out of gas. Rusty hits the muffin button on the key fob and the car starts up and drives away without them. He hits it again and the car blows up. The Griswolds don't understand why Rusty needs this vacation so bad. He explains that it was the time in his childhood when his dad pulled out all stops to try to do something for his family. He wanted to do the same, but that's it. He quits. He's done trying. The car runs out of gas in the desert. Rusty abandons the family and starts walking off. From down the road, the Teddy Bear Truck appears. Rusty runs away, it chases him. Rusty stops running and the driver (Norman Reedus) gets out to tell Rusty that he found Debbie's ring way back in the diner in Missouri. He gives the family a ride to San Francisco. Kevin apologizes for saying that all truckers like molesting kids and asks to make sure that's not true. The trucker doesn't answer. He drops them off at a Bed and Breakfast. Before the trucker leaves, Rusty asks why the Teddy Bear. The trucker says it's to make kids on the road feel safe. Rusty asks if the trucker has kids. The trucker says 'no' and drives off. The Bed and Breakfast is run by Rusty's parents, Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chevy Chase and Beverly D'Angelo). After spending the night, Clark tells Debbie that Audrey's life isn't so great. She and Stone sleep around on each other. Rusty finds out the copy of 'The Help' that Debbie has been reading throughout the movie is just the jacket for 'The Help'. She is actually reading a book about saving a dead marriage. He is upset. She says they don't have a dead marriage, because he never gave up on it. So Rusty decides he has to complete his mission. He can't give up on the family. He's taking them to Walley World. Clark lets his son borrow the old station wagon from the first Vacation movie and off they go. Rusty has sold his family on riding this new roller coaster called the Velociraptor and that's just what they're going to do. Rusty and the family finally get to the park and end up waiting in line five hours to ride the coaster. Right when they're next, the rival pilot from the beginning of the movie and his family cut in line because they have Fast Passes to the park. They're also the last family to get to ride. The park is closing. The Griswolds team up and beat the shit out of the other family and get on the coaster. As the coaster goes up the first hill, the Griswolds all start singing Kiss from a Rose together. When the coaster gets to the third loop it stalls upside down. Later that night, an emergency team has to go rescue everyone. The next day, Rusty flies the boys back home. He and Debbie are going to Paris. He used his airline connections to get seats. They're the rumble seats next to the bathrooms at the back of the plane where the flight attendants sit. Still though, they're going to Paris. 
 Instant Family (2018)431) A couple find themselves in over their heads when they foster three children. Married couple Pete and Ellie Wagner, feeling a void in the marriage, visit a foster care center. Two social workers, Karen and Sharon, guide the hopeful parents on the steps to getting into becoming adoptive parents. The couples are brought to a fair where they have the chance to go up to kids that they are interested in adopting. Pete and Ellie walk by the teenagers, although Ellie shows hesitance over raising a teen, one of the teens, Lizzie, informs Ellie that they all know no one wants to adopt the teens. Pete and Ellie talk to Karen and Sharon over potentially taking in Lizzie. The social workers inform the couple that Lizzie's mother is a drug addict who is currently in jail, and she set their home on fire because she left the crack pipe lit. They also find that Lizzie has two younger siblings, Juan and Lita. Although this seems like more of a challenge for Pete and Ellie, they agree to meet the siblings. Pete and Ellie have Thanksgiving dinner with Ellie's family, where they all make comments about never having confidence in the Wagners adopting kids. Ellie has enough and decides that they will go through with the foster care to prove that they can be good parents. Approaching middle age, Ellie and Pete Wagner, who flip houses for a living, have never felt it was time to have children, until now. For various reasons including their ages, they contemplate adopting an older child, taking that idea one step further by considering adopting a child in the foster care system for what they believe are altruistic reasons, but in reality is probably more to make themselves feel better by doing something they consider a social good, Pete equating it somewhat to taking in a rescue dog. Thus, they are probably not fully prepared or equipped for what it all entails. Going through the foster care training under social workers Karen and Sharon with other couples and singles, they, in meeting a number of foster children at a fair, decide on the spur of the moment to take their adoption idea two steps further, first by thinking of adopting a teenager in meeting feisty fifteen year old Lizzy, the teenagers who are largely ignored at such fairs, and second by adopting more than one child when they discover that Lizzy has two younger siblings, adolescent Juan and preschooler Lita. Beyond the racial issue of the children coming from a Hispanic background and the challenges of dealing with a teenager who already has a developed mind of her own, largely in acting as mother to Juan and Lita in the absence of their own incarcerated mother, they discover that adopting Juan and Lita have their own issues in each having their own but different emotional problems. Aside from the views of their respective families who see what they're doing much differently than them, Ellie and Paul not only have to deal with three children at different stages of their lives and directly with the outward issues each brings into their lives, but with the hidden issues, including the manipulation Lizzy brings to the table, her motivations which may not always match her outward actions. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Pete (Mark Wahlberg) and Ellie Wagner (Rose Byrne) showing off a fixer-upper of a home to Ellie's sister Kim (Allyn Rachel) and her husband Russ (Tom Segura) that they are trying to flip. The latter couple comment on what a dump the place looks like and how Pete and Ellie won't need a place like that since they don't plan on having kids anytime soon. It leads to an argument between Ellie and Kim due to some competition they have always felt, especially since Kim and Russ have been trying to conceive as well. Pete later comes home from work to find Ellie crying as she is looking up children in foster care on the internet. Pete doesn't want to see it because he thinks he's going to get roped into adopting kids, but when Ellie isn't around, he starts to check the site out himself. The couple later visit a foster care center where two social workers, Karen (Octavia Spencer) and Sharon (Tig Notaro), guide the hopeful parents on the steps to getting into becoming adoptive parents. Among them are a religious couple, a gay couple, and a woman named October (Iliza Schlesinger) who specifically wants a black teenager to turn into a pro athlete. They also listen to a guest speaker named Brenda Fernandez (Eve Harlow), who comes in with the parents that adopted her (Javier Ronceros and Rosemary Dominguez) as a teen and rescued her from a life of abuse since her birth mother and boyfriend were meth heads. Brenda's speech moves the couples into going ahead with the process. The couples are later brought to a fair where they have the chance to go up to kids that they are interested in adopting. Pete and Ellie walk by the teenagers, although Ellie shows hesitance over raising a teen, but one of the teens, Lizzie (Isabela Moner), informs Ellie that they can hear what they are saying. Pete and Ellie talk to Karen and Sharon over potentially taking in Lizzie. The social workers inform the couple that Lizzie's mother is a drug addict who is currently in jail, and she set their home on fire because she left the crack pipe lit. It also turns out that Lizzie has two younger siblings, Juan (Gustavo Quiroz) and Lita (Julianna Gamiz). Pete and Ellie are told that Juan is very sensitive and Lita is highly rambunctious, which is why Lizzie has had to parent them with their mother never around. Although this seems like more of a challenge for Pete and Ellie, they agree to meet the siblings. The Wagners go to the kids' current foster home, where they live with the Muskies (John McConnell and Maureen Brennan). Ellie sits with Lita and plays a game where Lita yells at her doll with racist slurs (obviously picked up from the Muskies), while Pete tries to play basketball with Juan, only to accidentally bounce the ball off the hoop and hit Juan in the face, giving him a bloody nose. Pete and Ellie have Thanksgiving dinner with Ellie's family, where they all make comments about never having confidence in the Wagners adopting kids. Kim and Russ are especially terrible, insinuating that the kids that Pete and Ellie pick out could have been bad influences on their own kids. Ellie has enough and decides that they will go through with the foster care to prove that they can be good parents. Lizzie, Juan, and Lita begin to live with the Wagners. Although it is initially pleasant, it doesn't take long for things to get hectic. Lita refuses to eat anything but potato chips, and Juan reacts sensitively to every instance of trouble. Lizzie is also frequently bratty toward the Wagners, but especially Ellie. The two frequently attend support groups with the other couples for insight on what to do with the kids. Pete's mother Sandy (Margo Martindale) comes to visit to meet the kids. She instantly wins them over by treating the whole family to Six Flags. While there, Lizzie runs off with two friends from school. She doesn't reappear until later after seeing a movie with her friends, so Ellie grounds her for not informing her or Pete as to her whereabouts. The next day, Lizzie has the same friends come over by climbing in through the window. Ellie comes into Lizzie's room to scold her for this, and one of the girls calls her a nazi bitch, so she forces the girls to climb back out the window. Lizzie goes to join the girls, leading Pete and Ellie to follow her and argue with Lizzie. They are momentarily distracted by Juan holding a nail gun, and when Lizzie tells him to put it down, the boy drops it and a nail shoots through his foot. The Wagners take Lizzie's friend's car and rush Juan to the hospital to take the nail out. Karen and Sharon offer solutions to Pete and Ellie for their struggles. They show Lizzie a method for which to handle her outbursts, but Lizzie is familiar with it, so she still acts bratty toward Pete and Ellie. However, Juan and Lita start to warm up to the Wagners. Lita calls Pete "Daddy" when he fixes her doll, and Ellie gets a "Good night, Mommy" from Juan after she comforts him from a nightmare. Soon, Lizzie starts to go along with the others as they partake in family activities. Pete even invites her to the fixer-upper so they can wreck things for her to take out her frustrations. Pete and Ellie later find out that the kids' mother Carla (Joselin Reyes) has been out of prison for a few months and she wants to see the kids. The Wagners take them to meet with Carla, who thanks them for looking over them, but this upsets Ellie because Carla made it sound like they were babysitting her kids. They express their feelings about this during the group therapy, but the social workers tell them that their main goal is to keep families together. We also hear that October has found a kid, but he's short and white with red hair, which alleviates the tension in the room. Pete and Ellie seek out the Fernandez family for help with Lizzie. They inform the Wagners that Brenda is back in rehab. Ellie snaps because they were the main reason that they went into foster care, but Mrs. Fernandez slaps her for saying that and then tells them what a process it is to really form a bond and trust with the kids. After cooling things over, the Wagners head off. The couple is horrified when they find Lizzie taking naked selfies to send to a guy at school named Jacob (Nicholas Logan), and he sends her a dick pic. When they take the kids to school the next day, they confront a boy named Charlie (Carson Holmes) since they mistook him for Jacob after Ellie thought Lizzie was talking about him during an earlier moment. After realizing they are yelling at a kid who is NOT Jacob, they are even more horrified to find that Charlie points Jacob out to be the janitor. Pete and Ellie chase him into the school and catch him riding a zamboni. Pete punches him in the face and Ellie stomps on his balls. Jacob is arrested, but so are Pete and Ellie, leaving Juan and Lita alone in the car, while Lizzie is humiliated. When Pete and Ellie return home, they are told by Sandy that they need to reassure Lizzie that they love her, because she doesn't feel that she is loved. Ellie also takes this as Sandy feeling similarly, which is why she and Ellie have always had kind of a bumpy relationship. Ellie lets Sandy know she loves her, and vice versa, but Sandy tells the couple to change the statement they wrote for their upcoming court hearing. The Wagners and the kids gather for a court hearing to decide whether or not the kids will go back to Carla or stay with Pete and Ellie. The judge (Valente Rodriguez) reads a statement written by Lizzie detailing the things that Pete and Ellie have done. Although Ellie tries to read her new statement, the judge won't let her. Carla is then asked whether or not she feels ready to reassume care of her children. She hesitates on the last question but says she is ready to be a mother again. Pete and Ellie sadly start to pack things up for the kids. Juan and Lita do not want to go, but Lizzie is ready. Karen and Sharon arrive to the house to inform Lizzie that Carla is not coming to get them. They went to her house and realized that she is still using drugs, and she went back on her word over taking care of them. Heartbroken, Lizzie runs away. Pete and Ellie chase her while Karen and Sharon watch Juan and Lita. Lizzie hides in the backyard of Mrs. Howard (Joan Cusack) and cries. Pete and Ellie tell her they love her, but Lizzie refuses to come out. After Pete and Ellie go back to the house, Lizzie rejoins them. She offers to let Pete and Ellie take Juan and Lita, and that she will just occasionally visit her siblings. Pete and Ellie refuse to let that happen, and they give Lizzie their statement. She realizes they do care about her, and she embraces Pete and Ellie. Mrs. Howard wants a hug too but Ellie declines, although Lita gives her a hug. Four months later, the family goes to a new hearing. This time, the judge clears Pete and Ellie to legally adopt the kids, and all the other foster parents, plus Pete and Ellie's families, are there to cheer them on. Everyone gathers for a big group photo. 
 Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan (2018 )Summaries An up-and-coming CIA analyst, Jack Ryan, is thrust into a dangerous field assignment as he uncovers a pattern in terrorist communication that launches him into the center of a dangerous gambit. When CIA analyst Jack Ryan stumbles upon a suspicious series of bank transfers his search for answers pulls him from the safety of his desk job and catapults him into a deadly game of cat and mouse throughout Europe and the Middle East, with a rising terrorist figurehead preparing for a massive attack against the US and her allies. Raihan Khondker Jack Ryan is an analyst in the CIA's Terror, Finance and Arms Division (TFAD). He starts to notice unusual transactions occurring in Yemen involving a man named Suleiman. Backed by his new boss, James Greer, the two head to Yemen to investigate. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 X-Men (2000)761) In a world where mutants (evolved super-powered humans) exist and are discriminated against, two groups form for an inevitable clash: the supremacist Brotherhood, and the pacifist X-Men. In a world where both Mutants and Humans fear each other, Marie, better known as Rogue, runs away from home and hitches a ride with another mutant, known as Logan, a.k.a. Wolverine. Professor Charles Xavier, who owns a school for young mutants, sends Storm and Cyclops to bring them back before it is too late. Magneto, who believes a war is approaching, has an evil plan in mind, and needs young Rogue to help him. Film_Fan Born with extraordinary abilities in a world filled with fear, prejudice, and intolerance, the next link in the chain of human evolution, the powerful meta-humans, will soon have to choose sides. As the telepathic mutant, Professor Charles Xavier, struggles to achieve a peaceful coexistence between the two species, hoping that the gifted students of his institute will use their powers for good, his old friend and super-human antagonist, Magneto, prepares for war. Now, Professor X's newest students--the teenage mutant with the deadly touch, Rogue, and the body-regenerating, adamantium-infused Logan, aka Wolverine--find themselves caught in the middle of a violent confrontation; one that would either stop or usher in a new era in the history of homo superior. Can Xavier's X-Men put an end to Magneto's megalomaniac vision? Nick Riganas In the near future, when children are being born with a special X-factor in their genes, giving them special powers and making them mutants, the seeds of a new Holocaust are being sown by Senator Robert Kelly. The situation brings into opposition the fellow mutants and former friends, Erik Lehnsherr, a.k.a. Magneto, and Professor Charles Xavier. While Xavier wants a peaceful means of stopping the hatred toward mutants, Magneto seeks to even things out with a machine that would speed up the mutation process in all humans, making everyone equal. To stop Magneto, Xavier brings together a special group of mutants called "X-Men" to stop him. In the meantime, two mysterious mutants emerge: Logan, a powerful and aggressive mutant with no past, no memories, and a young girl named Rogue. Their quests for identities eventually land them in the sights of Xavier and Magneto, but for what purpose? Justin Clark <LostFallenAngel@aol.com> After the death of his family at the hands of the Nazis, Magnus, a mutant, vows revenge on all humanity. Meanwhile, a group of good mutants is assembled by Professor Charles Xavier, who trains and cares for them. Magnus, now under the guise of Magneto, assembles the villains Sabertooth and Mystique to destroy anyone who gets in his way, including a furry Canadian mutant named Logan (Wolverine). A fierce battle ensues between Sabertooth and Wolverine. Xavier's group, the X-Men, recruits Logan just in time to learn of Magneto's dastardly plan to destroy the world. Jacob Mathison <dkrogh3850@aol.com> Across the world, children are born with an extra twist to their chromosomes that allow them to exhibit superhuman abilities: fire a beam of force from their eyes, sprout wings that allow flight, or read people's minds. These "children of the atom" are often feared and despised by the world, forcing these mutants to resort to desperate actions. However, one group of mutants have banded together to show the world that it need not fear their kind. Apart, they are simply scientific curiosities, freaks, and monsters, but together, united by their shared belief, they are more. They are the uncanny X-Men. Joe Button <joe@iximd.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Evolution of some lifeform to another is a slow process which takes thousands of years, but every few hundred millennia, some abrupt change may happen giving rise to what is called mutants with special properties and powers. In a world where both humans and mutants are living, a group of mutants that seeks peace and friendship with humans, is led by Professor Charles Xavier who has ability to control others' thoughts and actions; and his students Dr Jean Grey who has telepathic and telekinetic abilities; Cyclops who has the ability to fire an optic blast from his eyes; and Storm who has ability to create storm and lightning. Another group of mutants comprise Sabretooth who features a sabre-tooth, Toad who features a frog like tongue, and Mystique who is a shape-shifter. They are led by Magneto who harbors deep hatred for human race due to his tragic past as a boy Eric in Nazi ruled Poland and now has the ability to create magnetic field. In US Congress, Senator Robert Kelly attempts to pass a "Mutant Registration Act", which would force mutants to publicly reveal their identities and abilities. Magneto begins his plans to fight against humans. Meanwhile, a mutant girl named Marie (a.k.a Rogue) discovers that the touch of her skin physically hurts that person by absorbing their energy/powers and runs away from her home in Mississippi. In Canada, she meets another mutant Wolverine (a.k.a. Logan) who has quick healing power and retractable metallic claws which he brings out from inside his body when threatened. After a fight, Logan drives away in his truck and gives Rogue a lift. Suddenly, both of them are attacked by Sabretooth. Cyclops & Storm arrive and save Logan & Rogue and bring them to Prof Xavier's mansion. Prof Xavier reveals to Logan that he runs the facility in the disguise of a school where they educate young mutants in the responsible use of their powers, who may either rejoin the human society or stay there as "X-Men". Below the surface, they aim to stop Magneto from starting a war with humanity. Rogue joins the school and likes a boy named Bobby Drake there. Senator Kelly, the face of anti-mutant public demonstrations, is abducted by Mystique & Toad and taken to Magneto. Magneto runs a machine that emits a radiation on Kelly and artificially induces mutation, though Kelly manages to escape imprisonment with his new abilities. After an accident causes Rogue to absorb Logan's powers, she is convinced by Mystique (disguised as Bobby) that others are now afraid of her and she should leave the school. Xavier has a machine called Cerebro to locate the mutants around and he uses that to locate the fleeing Rogue at a train station. Mystique infiltrates Cerebro and sabotages the machine. Logan grabs a bike to reach the train station and convinces Rogue to stay with Xavier. Cyclops and Storm too reach the station searching for her but a fight ensues when Magneto, Toad and Sabretooth arrive and they take Rogue. Kelly, now a new mutant, seeks help of Dr Grey at Xavier's school to cure him, but he dissolves into a puddle of water when his mutation becomes unstable. Magneto brings Rogue to Liberty Island and places his machine atop the Statue of Liberty. He intends to use his machine on the world leaders who are meeting for a UN summit on nearby Ellis Island and change them into mutants. The X-Men learn that the machine draws its energy from Magneto and thus weakened him in previous use, to the point of nearly killing him, so he has abducted Rogue who can be used to absorb his powers and then be used to start his machine. Xavier attempts to use Cerebro to locate Rogue but the compromised machine sends him into a coma. Jean fixes it and locates Rogue on Liberty Island. Logan, Jean, Cyclops and Storm take a jet to arrive at the top of the statue and a fight ensues with Mystique disguised as Logan. Toad is killed by Storm's lightning and Mystique is apparently killed by Logan, but then Magneto incapacitates the group with his magnetic powers. The X-men tell Magneto that Kelly is dead and his machine is a killer, not converter. However Magneto goes ahead with his plan arguing it to be fair. Magneto transfers his powers to Rogue who is forced to sit inside the machine and then start it. Logan breaks free and initiates a fight with Sabretooth. Cyclops, with Jean's help, blasts his optic rays on Sabretooth smashing him out of the statue. With Jean stabilizing him, Storm creates a storm to propel Logan to the top of Magneto's machine. With time running out, Logan attempts to stop the machine and save Rogue, but Magneto, now having regained some of his strength, halts Logan's claws. Cyclops manages to find a clean shot, wounding Magneto and allowing Logan to destroy the machine and the radiation stops short of reaching the people. Placing his hand to her face, Logan succeeds in transferring his regenerative abilities to a dying Rogue who recovers. Magneto is arrested. Professor Xavier recovers from his coma and the group finds that Mystique is still alive, now impersonating Senator Kelly. In an attempt to help Logan learn more about his past, Xavier sends him to a military base near Alkali Lake. Xavier visits Magneto in his prison, who warns that he will continue his war, to which Xavier promises that he (and the X-Men) will always be there to stop him. 