nm0006351:

 Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (19931999)321) In the vicinity of the liberated planet of Bajor, the Federation space station Deep Space Nine guards the opening of a stable wormhole to the far side of the galaxy. The stable wormhole discovered by the Deep Space Nine crew is known to the Bajoran people as the Celestial Temple of their Prophets. Sisko, as discoverer of the wormhole and its inhabitants, is therefore the Emissary of Bajoran prophesy. The wormhole's other end is in the Gamma Quadrant, halfway around the galaxy from Bajor. That section of space is dominated by the malevolent Dominion. The Dominion is led by the Changelings, the race of shapeshifters to which Odo belongs. As of the beginning of the sixth season, Cardassia has joined the Dominion, and together they are waging war on the Federation and their Klingon allies. The war is quickly becoming the most costly war ever for the Federation, and the Deep Space Nine crew must fight to protect their way of life. Matthew D. Wilson <mdw1900@rit.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Commander Sisko has been assigned to the remote Starfleet outpost, space station Deep Space 9, where he has to oversee the recovery of the Bajoran people who are at the tail end of a lengthy war with a neighbouring race called The Cardassians. The discovery of a stable wormhole within Bajoran space suddenly turns the quiet station into a strategic centre for the whole galaxy, making the typical domestic and cultural issues that Sisko normally has to navigate through, take second place to fears of a new race from the other side of the galaxy. This new race appears to be more powerful than anything Starfleet and the Federation have encountered before. Although on the surface they neither appear aggressive nor peaceful, their might becomes a concern for Starfleet as their presence could eventually upset the current fragile peace already existing between the resident alien super powers, by them trying to gain an additional strategic foothold there. 
 Thoughts of Suicide on an Otherwise Lovely Day (2010)Summaries When a business acquaintance drops dead at 43, Jaycee Damon begins questioning her own existence. Caught up in a fast-paced work life that never seems to slow down, Jaycee struggles to find peace and clarity in a world that feels increasingly more insane. Her journey is one she must walk alone for in the end, it is only ourselves who can decide to find the courage to live. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Star Trek: The Next Generation (19871994)Summaries Set almost 100 years after Captain Kirk's five-year mission, a new generation of Starfleet officers set off in the U.S.S. Enterprise-D on their own mission to go where no one has gone before. Set in the twenty-fourth century and seven to eight decades after the adventures of the original crew of the starship Enterprise, this new series is the long-awaited successor to Star Trek (1966) . Under the command of Captain Jean-Luc Picard, the all new Enterprise NCC 1701-D travels out to distant planets to seek out new life and to boldly go where no one has gone before. Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Babylon 5 (19931998)Summaries In the mid 23rd century, the Earth Alliance space station Babylon 5, located in neutral territory, is a major focal point for political intrigue, racial tensions and various wars over the course of five years. In the year 2258, it is ten years after the Earth-Minbari War. Commander Sinclair takes command of a giant five-mile-long cylindrical space station, orbiting a planet in neutral space. At a crossroads of interstellar commerce and diplomacy, Cmdr Sinclair (2d season Captain Sheridan) must try to establish peace and prosperity between various interstellar empires, all the while fighting forces from within the Earth Alliance. It is a precarious command, particularly given that sabotage led to the destruction of Babylon stations 1, 2, and 3 and 4 vanished without trace. Tony Lammens <lammens@connexus.apana.org.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 