nm0011853:

 The Magic Hour (1999)Summaries Tito, a radio soap opera actor, falls in love with a passionate fan who will take him into a world full of mysteries. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Naquela poca e Hoje (2015)Summaries In the era of information, despite constant innovations and technological developments in different aspects of our lives, indexes show a troublesome reality in terms of people's health. Has the aspect of quality of life been taken into account in the growth of big cities in recent decades? Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 O Mundo Em Duas Voltas (2007)Summaries The Documentary, tells the story of the Schrmann Family while they sail around the world retracing Ferdinand Magellan Voyage. A Documentary that tells two great adventures with images of over 19 countries. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Clown (2011)44) Father and son work as clowns Puro Sangue/Valdemar and Pangare/Benjamin in a circus in the Brazilian countryside. Benjamin decides to follow a different path and meets several people on the way. This is the story of father and son who work as clowns Puro Sangue/Valdemar (Paulo Jose) and Pangare/Benjamin (Selton Mello) in a circus which travels through the Brazilian country side. Benjamin is a clown who does not have id or social security number. Going through a phase where he starts questioning his ability to make people laugh and his future, Benjamin decides to follow a different path to find his answers and pursue his dreams: a fixed address and the ideal woman. In the adventure, he meets several people on the way to find his own identity. Ronaldo Ferreira In the countryside of Brazil, the itinerant circus owned by Valdemar, aka the clown Puro Sangue, travels from village to village to bring happiness to the dwellers. Valdemar's son Benjamin, aka the clown Pangar, does not have any document but his birth certificate and dreams on having a fan of his own. Benjamin decides to leave the circus in search for his identity, to settle down in a small town with a steady job and raise a family of his own. However, he returns to the life in the circus with his dreamed fan. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A story of father and son, Valdemar and Benjamin, who work as clowns. They travel with their circus around Brazil. One day, Benjamin starts to doubt about his ability to make people laugh and his own future. He decides to follow a different path to find his answers and pursue his dreams: a fixed address and a woman. In the journey, he meets several people on the way to find his own identity. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 