nm0007805:

 Surf, Sand and Sex (1994)Summaries Six women on a beach tell each other their fantasies. These stories are shown to us as little sex vignettes. The story is held together by a beach party attended by six relatively young women. Claiming that it may be the heat that is making her do it, each woman tells of a sex fantasy that she is reminded of by the situation. Sex with an ex-husband, a man in uniform, and an automobile mechanic are stories that make up half the segments. The other three have to do with unique places where their fantasy trysts occur: in a public place, after hours in a dance hall, and finally, in the mountains. MJS It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 NYPD Blue (19932005)Summaries Detectives from NYPD's 15th Precinct investigate homicides within their precinct. Each week, viewers saw the gritty reality of life in a New York City Police unit, as the officers go about their work with a grim determination, and a willingness to break the same laws that they're supposed to be enforcing. Two partners, Detectives Andy Sipowicz (Dennis Franz) and John Kelly (David Caruso) (later replaced by Bobby Simone (Jimmy Smits)), were the central characters in this weekly Police drama, and personified very different approaches to their difficult job. Sipowicz's brash gruffness (covering an emotional vulnerability) was tempered by the precise and controlled demeanor of the two partners with whom he has worked. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Divorce Law (1993)Summaries How can anyone expect a fair divorce case when all the lawyers are out to do a little hanky-panky on their own? A law firm specialized in divorces must deal with several new divorce cases and personal crises in this erotic anthology. The first story is titled "An American She-Wolf in Tokyo". A once popular all-girl rock singer Loosha Wolf, who fronted the band "Loosha Wolf and the She-Hits", has a big problem. She's been married to a rich Japanese businessman for years and now she wants a divorce. However, he's blackmailing her not to go through with it, since he has a sex tape of her in a gang bang with several male sponsors of the band. Meanwhile, the firm's owner Philip Grimes finds out a fling with a woman he rescued while working decades ago as a firefighter produced a child, Victoria, who comes to meet her daddy. Unfortunately, she can't take her hands off both his employees and the people involved with the case. In story two, "Slam Dunk", a wife needs help against her husband, who's filed for divorce after catching her having sex with a poindexter Peeping Tom Meanwhile, Grimes' top lawyer Rachel Horn must help a lesbian, whose life partner wants to split up with her and get their house they bought together. The identity of this woman is a shock to Rachel, since it's her lesbian twin sister - Brenda!. In "Emeralds of the Amazon", a husband brings men to his wife to sleep with. He then proceeds to secretly record their lovemaking and make sex tapes he sells in South America. She learns about this and wants a divorce and damages. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Carman: The Champion (2001)Summaries Carman must enter the boxing ring once again. Even though the doctor has advised him against it, he picks up his gloves for one last fight, for his father, for his church, for his love, and for his life. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 