nm0007167:

 Minority Report (2002)761) In a future where a special police unit is able to arrest murderers before they commit their crimes, an officer from that unit is himself accused of a future murder. In the year 2054 A.D. crime is virtually eliminated from Washington D.C. thanks to an elite law enforcing squad "Precrime". They use three gifted humans (called "Pre-Cogs") with special powers to see into the future and predict crimes beforehand. John Anderton heads Precrime and believes the system's flawlessness steadfastly. However one day the Pre-Cogs predict that Anderton will commit a murder himself in the next 36 hours. Worse, Anderton doesn't even know the victim. He decides to get to the mystery's core by finding out the 'minority report' which means the prediction of the female Pre-Cog Agatha that "might" tell a different story and prove Anderton innocent. Soumitra It is the near future, a future where murders have become so common, that a system had to be established. This system is called "Precrime", where 3 psychics can predict murders before they happen. Allowing police to stop the murders. This system is in production in Washington D.C. Where police officer John Anderton (who lost his son to a murder 6 years previous) has stopped numerous murders in his career. One day, he found out that he is the next person to commit a murder. Now, he is running away from a system he helped become successful, and trying to find out why he was set up to commit murder. John Wiggins With the extraordinary ability to foresee and, therefore, stop crimes before they can take place, founder Lamar Burgess' experimental but highly effective Pre-Crime Division has managed to push the murder rate to zero. Indeed, with the aid of the indispensable Pre-cognitives, a trio of humans with acute extrasensory abilities under government custody, there hasn't been a single crime in 2054 Washington DC for the past six years; however, of all people, Burgess' right-hand man, Captain John Anderton, seems to be a pre-criminal. Now, on the run from the law for a homicide he is yet to commit in less than thirty-six hours, Detective Anderton has to use every trick in the book to prove his innocence, and clear his name. But, in Burgess' state-of-the-art system, there is no such thing as a mistake. Nevertheless, could the psychic triad be wrong? Nick Riganas In 2054, the PreCrime Police Department commanded by Chief John Anderton reduces the crime rates in the violent Washington to zero, using a system based on three humans called Precogs designed by Dr. Iris Hineman to the company owned by Director Lamar Burgess. Anderton is addicted in drugs since her lost his son in a swimming pool and separated from his wife Lara Lara Clarke and was recruited by Burgess to run the department. The Precogs are mutants led by Agatha and capable to foresee crimes in the near future. The agent from the Department of Justice Danny Witwer comes to PreCrime to audit the system and out of the blue, the PreCogs predict that Anderton will commit a murder. He flees and becomes a fugitive while he tries to prove that he is innocent. But is the system fallible? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It is the year 2054 - Washington D.C. - dreams can be recreated through computers, computer monitors and displays are transformed into holograms, and identification is done through eye-scanning. John Anderton lost his son, and to prevent horrible events from occurring to other individuals he joins a unit known as "Pre-Crime" - where murderers are arrested before they can commit the murder. How does Pre-Crime work? Through 3 people known as "precogs". They are 3 psychics used to see the future and they see murders exactly the way they will occur. Through advanced technology, Pre-Crime officers are able to see what the precogs see, and they analyze the data, identify the perpetrator and victim, and try their best to stop the murder from occurring. The perpetrator is put into a sleep state with a device called a "halo". John Anderton gets accused of murdering a man he has never even met, causing him to run from Pre-Crime and prove his innocence. Demijan Omeragic "Nuh" Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 2054, crime in the United States (and murder in particular) is at an all-time high. In an effort to contain the violence, the Metropolitan Police Department of Washington DC have founded a new task force called PreCrime, allowing a specially-assigned unit to proactively stop murders before they can even be committed. Their means of doing so is through "PreCogs" (short for "pre-cognitives"), three mentally-altered humans who are capable of seeing the future. When the PreCogs sense that a murder is going to be committed, an automated system processes two painted wooden balls: one with the name of the perpetrator(s) engraved into it, and one with the name of the victim(s) engraved into it (the shape and grain of each ball is unique, rendering the system fully tamper-proof). The color of the ball is indicative of what kind of murder is going to happen: a brown ball indicates a premeditated murder, which the PreCogs can predict up to four days before it is committed. A red ball indicates a crime of passion, which, due to the lack of premeditation, cannot be seen until often no less than an hour before it will be committed. The only three things that the PreCogs can predict are the victim or victims, the perpetrator, the exact date and time of the crime, and the exact sequence of events that lead up to the crime. As they cannot pinpoint the location of the crime, the PreCrime task force led by John Anderton (Tom Cruise), must perform a meticulous process called "scrubbing", where they process the images produced from the PreCogs' visions in order to locate telltale clues and thus narrow down the location. Once they are certain of the location, the team flies off in a special aircraft to thwart the crime. They then secure the culprit by "haloing" them (a device placed around his head that renders them fully incapacitated). The movie opens with Anderton's team catching an early morning Red Ball case. The perpetrator is going to be a male in his 40s named Howard Marks, who in exactly 24 minutes is going to catch his wife Sarah in bed with another man named Donald Dubin. Upon finding them together, Howard will stab them both to death with a pair of scissors. Anderton scrubs through the images, while also having to deal with the arrival of Danny Witwer (Colin Farrell), a Justice Department official who's been sent to audit the PreCrime system before a Congressional vote on whether or not to take the system nationwide. One of Anderton's colleagues named Fletcher, explains to Witwer the basic workings of the system as Anderton continues analyzing the vision. John soon narrows down the location, and joins a number of PreCrime officers going to the location, leaving Witwer back at PreCrime headquarters. With mere seconds to go, Anderton and his colleagues find the residence, and stop Howard before the PreCog's vision can come to pass. Howard is identified by iris scan, and is promptly arrested and "haloed", while his wife and her lover are immediately given counseling by a trauma response unit. After the suspect has been apprehended, the murder reappears on the displays back at headquarters. Witwer sees these and questions one of the technicians about this, and is informed that sometimes after a crime that has been stopped, the PreCogs have these "echo" images pass through their minds, before they are deleted from the system. That evening, Anderton reminisces over home movies of his ex-wife Lara (Kathryn Morris) and the couple's missing six-year-old son, who disappeared several years before at a public swimming pool. Anderton is also shown to have an addiction to an illegal inhaled hallucinogen called Neuroin (New Heroin). The next morning, Witwer's official tour of the PreCrime headquarters begins. Throughout the tour, Witwer points out there are potential questions about the ethics of the PreCogs. Anderton and his colleagues explain that the system is designed in a way to be practically foolproof, due to the nature of premeditation and the fact that the PreCogs see what the killer will do, not what they intend to do (this is why they don't get false alarms caused by people who contemplate murdering someone but will never actually go through with it). At Witwer's insistence, Anderton takes him into the chamber in which the PreCogs are kept semiconscious in a pool of fluid similar to amniotic fluid and are wired to the PreCrime computer system. Though he is somewhat impressed by what he has seen, and even with the absence of murders in D.C. since the program started, Witwer is still convinced that the program is not flawless. After Witwer has gone, the PreCog Agatha (Samantha Morton) snaps fully awake, and images of a woman being murdered play across the chambers video screens. Curious as to these images, Anderton goes down to Containment, where numerous other haloed Precrime assailants are kept. With the aid of a supervisor named Gideon (Tim Blake Nelson), Anderton finds the assailant who was in Agatha's Previs, though he is classified as a John Doe, due to him having swapped out his eyes for someone else's, to fool the identification sensors. Gideon attempts to pull up more information on the case, but finds that of the three precogs, Agatha's Previs is missing. As well, information on where the supposed victim named Ann Lively is, is also missing. The only information that the computer has on her, is that she was a single mother, who was also a Neuroin addict, but records indicate she went to a rehabilitation clinic to treat her habit. Anderton reports his findings to Precrime Director Lamar Burgess (Max von Sydow), who suggests that he let the matter drop. Turning his attention towards the thought that when Precrime goes nationwide, they need to find a way to protect it from larger interests. Anderton assures his mentor that he won't let that happen. Upon returning to his office, Anderton is alerted to a premeditated murder that is to take place in 36 hours. The victim has already been identified as Leo Crow, but the perpetrator's identity is still a mystery. As he begins to review the information, Anderton is shaken when he soon finds out that he is the perpetrator! Anderton attempts to get out of the building before this revelation reaches his colleagues, but encounters Witwer in the elevator, leading John to think that Witwer is setting him up. However, an alarm in the building sounds, and Anderton rushes from the elevator, and out of the building. It isn't long before PreCrime officers find John. He manages to escape from them, but then is found by Witwer and some officers. The chase leads the group into an automated auto assembly plant, where Anderton survives, and escapes in a newly-built car. He makes his way to the residence of Dr. Iris Hineman (Lois Smith), whose research laid the groundwork for the Precrime program, upon finding out that some children of Neuroin addicts, soon developed the ability to see future murders. Quite eccentric but still coherent, Hineman explains that the three precogs do not always agree on their visions of the future; when this happens, the one that deviates the most from the others is typically ignored. In order to establish his innocence, Anderton must determine if he has a "minority report" that will clear his name. Anderton is puzzled as to which of the precogs would generate a minority report, and Hineman tells him its the "most talented" of the three: Agatha. Since everyone is subjected to iris scans wherever they go, Anderton undergoes an eye transplant at the hands of a shady doctor. The doctor is actually one of John's past cases, whom he busted for performing questionable surgery, however, the doctor performs the procedure anyway, leaving John alone to recover. While recovering after the surgery, he dreams about the day his son was abducted from a swimming pool, and awakens to find the Precrime team searching the building for him. Small robotic eye scanners known as "spiders" are sent into the rooms; one of them finds Anderton and scans his iris, but the surgery has succeeded and he is not recognized. Returning to the Precrime offices in disguise, Anderton removes Agatha from the precogs chamber, disrupting the trio's hive mind that makes the system work. He takes her to a hacker friend of his, who successfully extracts her vision of Crow's murder for Anderton to see. However, the vision does not deviate from what he saw previously, and Anderton realizes that he doesn't have a minority report. Suddenly, Agatha begins to have a seizure, and the image of Ann Lively being drowned is seen again. As Anderton watches the vision, his friend alerts him to Precrime officers in their vicinity. Agatha and Anderton narrowly escape Anderton's team, by making use of strategic information provided by Agatha, who is able to predict the immediate future. Anderton tracks down Crow's address and gains entry to his apartment. Crow is not present, but he finds a pile of photographs of children, including his missing son. Anderton realizes that there is no minority report in his case and he is now going to kill Crow, whom he now blames for the kidnapping. When Crow enters, Anderton assaults him to extract a confession as Agatha pleads with Anderton not to commit this murder. Anderton is blind to her pleas and is intending to kill Crow, until the timer on his watch goes off... the time when the murder is supposed to take place. Anderton relents, and begins to read Crow his Miranda rights. Crow reveals that the photographs are doctored and were given to him to leave in the apartment in order to set up this very confrontation. His family has been promised a cash payoff only if Anderton kills him; to force this outcome, Crow grabs Anderton's gun hand, aims the weapon at himself, and pulls the trigger. After Anderton and Agatha flee, Witwer and the Precrime team arrive to investigate the crime scene. Witwer is skeptical about the "orgy of evidence" that was left behind and later discusses his misgiving with Burgess, bringing up the Lively case as well. He now has all three precogs records of that murder, but slight differences between them lead him to deduce what really happened that day. Witwer shows Burgess the previsions from containment, but then reveals Agatha's which was not on file. Agatha's vision shows a very big difference, leading Witwer to postulate that the crime against Anne Lively took place at two different times. When Burgess questions Witwer, the young man posits his theory: Ann Lively's potential killer was arrested based on the matching visions of Arthur and Dashiell, but after Precrime had taken the man away, a second person (dressed to look identical the potential killer), arrived and killed her in exactly the same manner. The similarity of the incidents would simply lead the precog techs to assume the act Agatha witnessed was an 'echo' vision, and therefore, disregard it. Witwer suggests that only a member of Precrime could have the skill to manipulate the system in this way, whereupon Burgess, revealing himself as the true architect of John's framing, shoots and kills Witwer, knowing that the other precogs are unable to foresee this murder with Agatha gone. Shortly after the murder, Lara calls Burgess to tell him that John and Agatha are staying with her. As she relaxes in the calm surroundings of Lara's home, Agatha shares with John and Lara a vision of what might have been had their son lived. During this time, John has been thinking about Anne Lively, and deduces that she is Agatha's mother. However, PreCrime soon swarms the house, and John is halo'ed and Agatha is returned to the PreCogs chamber. Burgess later meets with Lara to comfort her, before he is to attend a ceremony in anticipation of the nationwide PreCrime roll-out. During this time, Lara brings up Ann Lively, which Burgess claims he has no knowledge of. However, he claims he'll go to the containment chamber and inquire to Gideon if anyone drowned a woman by that name. His mentioning of the cause of death (which she didn't reveal to Burgess), then makes Lara suspicious. Realizing Burgess is lying, Lara rushes back to precog headquarters and forces Gideon to release Anderton. Once he's out, Anderton calls Burgess to reveal he's figured out his whole murderous modus operandi. Of the three PreCogs, Agatha was the strongest, and enabled much of the program to continue. However, her mother Ann Lively, got over her Neuroin addiction, and wanted her daughter back. Knowing this would sideline the program, Lamarr arranged for the John Doe Anderton saw in containment, to attempt the murder. Once PreCrime had apprehended the 'suspect,' Burgess appeared to Ann, and donning a disguise similar to the suspect's, killed Ann in the way the PreCogs saw. But, given that PreCrime had apprehended a suspect, it was assumed Agatha's vision of her mother's death was little more than an 'echo.' Thus, the vision was deleted, and Ann Lively just became another 'missing person.' As Lamarr and John continue to talk, a new red ball murder is detected by the precogs, with Anderton as victim and Burgess as perpetrator. Realizing that Anderton must be somewhere nearby, Burgess takes an antique revolver given to him as a gift and searches for him. When the two men come face to face, Anderton points out that Lamarr is in a Catch-22: if Burgess kills him, he will prove that Precrime works, but will go to prison for life. If he doesn't shoot, the Precrime system is proven to be unreliable. Burgess resolves the dilemma with a third option: killing himself. With the Precrime program having been found to be subject to manipulation and thus flawed, it is quickly abandoned. All criminals imprisoned under it are granted immediate pardons and are released from prison, though local police departments keep watch on many of them for years. Anderton reconciles with Lara, now pregnant with their second child, and the precogs are moved to an unnamed remote location where they can live in peace. 
 2012 (I) (2009)761) A frustrated writer struggles to keep his family alive when a series of global catastrophes threatens to annihilate mankind. Dr. Adrian Helmsley, part of a worldwide geophysical team investigating the effect on the earth of radiation from unprecedented solar storms, learns that the earth's core is heating up. He warns U.S. President Thomas Wilson that the crust of the earth is becoming unstable and that without proper preparations for saving a fraction of the world's population, the entire race is doomed. Meanwhile, writer Jackson Curtis stumbles on the same information. While the world's leaders race to build "arks" to escape the impending cataclysm, Curtis struggles to find a way to save his family. Meanwhile, volcanic eruptions and earthquakes of unprecedented strength wreak havoc around the world. Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net> Only a few years after the American geologist Adrian Helmsley's warnings of an impending global Armageddon by the year 2012, the Earth is devastated from end to end by cataclysmic natural disasters. As the President of the U.S. along with other leaders of the G8 Nations complete their secret project in Tibet to build colossal arks to sustain humanity, at the same time, the struggling Los Angeles author, Jackson Curtis, goes through hell and back to reunite with his ex-wife and their two kids. Inevitably, the unfathomable catastrophes are rapidly escalating, while Jackson strives to give his family a future in Tibet, however, can he make it in time? Nick Riganas Geophysicist Adrian Helmsley officially visits India's Dr. Satnam Tsurutani, his pretty wife, Aparna, and their son. From thence, he is led to the world's deepest copper mine, where he finds evidence that the Earth's crust is heating up faster than expected. He quickly collects evidence, and presents it before the President of the United States. Expecting the news to hit leading media, he is instead stunned when he learns that the powers-that-be have no intention of publicizing this catastrophe, and are intent on saving wealthy families that can shell out a billion Euros per family on four mammoth arks - without realizing that if the Earth is indeed headed for the prophetic self-destruction on 21 December 2012 - how can arks and it's wealthy inhabitants survive? rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Several years before, geologist Adrian Helmsley comes across information that shows the world will come to an end in 2012. No announcement is made but the G8 countries begin to prepare for the event. Jack Curtis is a divorced and a less than successful writer. While on a camping trip with his children in Yosemite, he meets Charlie Frost, who is preaching that the end of the world is at hand. A series of events leads Curtis to believe what Frost has told him and with his family, heads for China where the industrialized countries have been working on a response to the impending disaster. garykmcd When the geologist Dr. Adrian Helmsley and his team discover that the core of Earth is heating due to solar radiation, he advises the North American President about his findings. The American Govern collects money from the worldwide leaders to build arks to save them with necessary people to rebuild civilization. Meanwhile, the unsuccessful writer Jackson Curtis discloses that the world is near to end and tries to save his son and his daughter from the tragic end. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 2009, Adrian Helmsley (Chiwetel Ejiofor), an American geologist, visits astrophysicist Dr. Satnam Tsurutani (Jimi Mistry) in India and learns that neutrinos from a massive solar flare are causing the temperature of the Earth's core to increase rapidly. Adrian travels to Washington DC and gives a report on the findings to White House Chief of Staff Carl Anheuser (Oliver Platt) who takes Adrian to meet the President of the United States. In 2010, President Thomas Wilson (Danny Glover) and other international leaders begin a secret project to ensure humanity's survival. Approximately 400,000 people are chosen to board ships that are being constructed at Cho Ming, Tibet, in the Himalayas. At the same time as the People's Liberation Army are gathering volunteers, a Buddhist monk named Nima (Osric Chau) is evacuated while his brother Tenzin (Chin Han) joins the workers in the ship project. Additional funding for the project is raised by selling tickets to the private sector for one billion euros per person. By 2011, humanity's valuable treasures are moved to the Himalayas under the guise of protecting them from terrorist attacks with the help of art expert and First Daughter Dr. Laura Wilson (Thandie Newton). One of the artworks is the Mona Lisa, which is replaced in the Louvre with a precise copy. Her boss, Roland Picard (Patrick Bauchau) is later killed when his car is forced into a fatal auto accident in the same Paris underpass where Princess Diana was killed. Picard had discovered that the cave containing the vault where the Mona Lisa & other precious works of art were supposed to be stored was a fake location. In 2012, Jackson Curtis (John Cusack) is a science fiction writer in Los Angeles who works part-time as a limousine driver for the Russian oligarch billionaire, Yuri Karpov (Zlatko Buri). Jackson's ex-wife, Kate (Amanda Peet) and their children Noah (Liam James) and Lilly (Morgan Lily) live with Kate's boyfriend, plastic surgeon Gordon Silberman (Thomas McCarthy). Jackson takes Noah and Lilly camping in Yellowstone National Park. After an encounter at a restricted government research site with Helmsley, they meet Charlie Frost (Woody Harrelson), who hosts a radio show from the park. Charlie, a conspiracy theorist, plays a video of Charles Hapgood's theory that polar shifts and the Mesoamerican Long Count Calendar predict that the 2012 phenomenon will occur. Hapgood believed that unstable conditions under the crust of the Earth would cause it to shift -- Earth crust displacement. Charlie has a map of the ark project in addition to conspiracy-theory information about officials and scientists from around the world who were murdered after planning to alert the public. One such scientist was a fan of Charlie's & had sent him the map before his untimely death. The family returns home as seismic activity vastly increases along the west coast of the United States. After dropping off Karpov's bratty sons at the airport, Jackson grows suspicious and rents a plane to rescue his family. He collects his family and Gordon as the Earth crust displacement begins, and they narrowly escape Los Angeles as the city slips into the Pacific Ocean, racked by a massive earthquake that destroys all of downtown. As millions die in catastrophic earthquakes worldwide, the group, with Gordon piloting the small plane, flies to Yellowstone to retrieve Charlie's map, escaping as the Yellowstone Caldera erupts. Charlie stays behind to broadcast the eruption and is killed in the blast of the expulsion of an ash cloud. Learning that the ships are in China, the group lands in a devastated Las Vegas to find a larger plane. They meet Yuri, his twin sons Alec and Oleg (played by Alexandre and Philippe Haussmann), girlfriend Tamara (Beatrice Rosen) and pilot Sasha (Johann Urb). The group secures an Antonov An-225 aircraft (erroneously and perhaps deliberately marked an "Antonov 500") and they depart for China. Also heading for the Cho Ming site aboard Air Force One are Anheuser, Helmsley and Laura Wilson. Upon arriving in Tibet, they find that the ships are not ships destined to take the survivors off Earth but are giant seagoing ships, large arks that can hold thousands of people. Helmsley finds that the cabins are actually quite luxurious and only meant for 1-2 people, a fact he criticizes when he tells his porter the room could hold about 10 people. Anheuser explains that the high price of a room was necessary to fund the project since the governments of the world couldn't possibly have hidden the cost for very long. President Wilson remains in Washington, D.C. to address the nation one last time. With the Vice President dead and the Speaker of the House missing, Anheuser assumes de facto leadership. Washington is hit by the pyroclastic ejecta cloud from Yellowstone, which covers the city in a choking cloud of thick ash. Struggling with others in the devastation, President Wilson is killed by a megatsunami which carries the aircraft carrier John F Kennedy into the White House, crushing it. Sasha and the group plan to land briefly at Hawaii to refuel, however, the island chain has been devastated by volcanic activity. Continuing on, Sasha fears they may run out of fuel before making it to mainland Asia. They discover that the seismic activity of the Earth's surface has shifted the Chinese coast 1500 miles east and they are able to make a crash landing, narrowly escaping death by driving a Bentley out of the plane before it skids to a stop on a glacier. The plane overbalances on the edge of a cliff and plummets, taking Sasha with it. The group is spotted by the People's Liberation Army. Yuri and his sons, possessing tickets, are taken to the arks, Yuri coldly leaving Tamara (whose affair with Sasha was something he knew of) and the others behind. They remaining survivors are picked up by Nima and are taken to the arks with his grandparents (Lisa Lu and Chang Tseng). They stow away on the ark with the help of Tenzin, who had a plan to smuggle his family aboard through a rear entrance. As a megatsunami approaches the site, an impact driver becomes lodged between the gears of the ark's hydraulics chamber, preventing a boarding gate from closing and rendering the ship unable to start its engines. In the ensuing chaos, Yuri, Gordon and Tamara are killed, Tenzin is wounded, and the ark is set adrift. Just before he dies, Yuri is able hoist both his sons up to crew members of the ship; in doing so, he jumps to his death. Jackson and Noah dislodge the impact driver and the crew regains control of the ark before it can impact Mount Everest. After flood waters from the tsunamis recede, the arks travel to the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa where the Drakensberg Mountains have risen in relation to sea level and become the tallest mountain range on Earth. 
 The Incredible Hulk (2008)541) Bruce Banner, a scientist on the run from the U.S. Government, must find a cure for the monster he turns into whenever he loses his temper. Depicting the events after the Gamma Bomb. 'The Incredible Hulk' tells the story of Dr Bruce Banner, who seeks a cure to his unique condition, which causes him to turn into a giant green monster under emotional stress. Whilst on the run from military which seeks his capture, Banner comes close to a cure. But all is lost when a new creature emerges: The Abomination. Graham Kroon After surviving a deadly gamma radiation accident, scientist Bruce Banner travels the world in search for a cure to his inner force of rage that turns him into a massive green monster known as the Hulk. Though he is close, Banner must watch out because the malevolent General Ross and his team are searching for him and want to use his condition for military weaponry. Running out of time and options, Banner turns to his old flame Betty Ross for help. Meanwhile, a new threat rises as a power hungry soldier turns into a deadlier and more terrifying beast that can match even the Hulk's powers. Blazer346 A cure is in reach for the world's most primal force of fury: THE INCREDIBLE HULK. We find scientist Bruce Banner, living in shadows, scouring the planet for an antidote. But the warmongers who dream of abusing his powers won't leave him alone, nor will his need to be with the only woman he has ever loved, Betty Ross. Upon returning to civilization, our brilliant doctor is ruthlessly pursued by The Abomination -- a nightmarish beast of pure adrenaline and aggression whose powers match The Hulk's own. A fight of comic-book proportions ensues as Banner must call upon the hero within to rescue New York City from total destruction. One scientist must make an agonizing final choice -- accept a peaceful life as Bruce Banner or the creature he could permanently become: THE INCREDIBLE HULK. Babak A. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Over the opening credits, we see how the Hulk was born. Bruce Banner (Edward Norton) and Betty Ross (Liv Tyler) were scientists working on a project involving making the body resistant to certain types of radiation, specifically gamma rays (the most harmful kind, lead sheets required). However, something went wrong, and through Banners or the Hulks, rather eyes we see him destroying the lab, killing some other scientists, injuring the project overseer, General Thaddeus Thunderbolt Ross (William Hurt), and rendering Betty Rosss daughter, of course unconscious. A little later, we see Bruce at the bedside of Betty, who is wavering in and out of consciousness, when suddenly Ross is there with his arm in a sling, screaming at Bruce. Bruce flees, and the hunt begins as Ross tracks down every possible lead he can find on the location of Banner and what lies within him 158 DAYS WITHOUT INCIDENT In a town in Brazil, Bruce wakes up from a nightmare of everything thats happened to him. He groans and goes about his morning routine, which includes feeding his dog Rick and learning Portuguese by watching Sesame Street and comparing what he hears to a Portuguese-English dictionary. He also spends time learning relaxation techniques in an effort to control his heart-rate and keep himself from becoming too excited. He goes to his job as a day laborer at a local factory, handing out dry goods and cleaning up messes while avoiding the old tough guys at a bottling factory. He also occasionally helps out with the electrical aspects when something breaks, which it does today. As hes fixing it and joking around with the manager, he cuts himself on a metal clip and the blood falls through all the grated floors onto the belt, and Bruce freaks out, yelling for the belt to stop. Confused, the workers stop the belt and Bruce inspects the area where the blood fell, cleaning it up and giving it the okay. As the belt starts and people start talking about the crazy gringo, no one notices the drop of blood that fell into a bottle currently destined for the United States of America. Unaware of the contaminated bottle, Bruce starts to leave, but notices the same toughs who usually give him a hard time coming on to an attractive co-worker, Martina. Bruce stops the action by asking Martina if shed like to have lunch with him tomorrow, but the leader of the gang starts coming up to Bruce, who cautions him in Portuguese by saying, Dont make me hungry. you wouldnt like me when Im hungry. Confused, Bruce goes over this just as the manager pops up, enabling him to escape a beating and head for home, stopping along the way to pick up a package from someone. Once there, Bruce boots up his homemade computer and makes contact with someone named Mr. Blue in America. Together, the two of them are working on a cure to Bruces little problem, and after dicing up the package a flower and applying its juice to his blood, Bruce regretfully types, No change, to which Blue types that he should come to New York and get more date contamination levels, exposure rates, types and amounts of radiation, the works. He glances at a photo of Betty he keeps before regretfully saying that he cant do that either and powering down for the night. Meanwhile, at the Pentagon, Ross is receiving a report from his chief assistant, Major Kathleen Sparr (Christina Cabot) that an old man in Ohio died after received gamma poisoning from his fruit drink that came from Brazil (note the man is Stan Lee, Marvel creator). Ross quickly orders a team down there the next day, put together with no small amount of efficiency by his old army friend General Joseph Greller (Peter Mensah). The team is headed up by the Russian-born but America-trained Emil Blonsky (Tim Roth). Ross informs them all that their target is a scientist who has stolen military secrets and that he will definitely be a fighter if cornered. As they fly down to Brazil, Bruce gets a message from Blue saying that he may have success, but needs Bruce's blood to be sure, which Bruce reluctantly -- and carefully -- sends off to him. That night, Bruce is sleeping soundly when Rick starts barking. Meanwhile, the commandos have taken up position outside and are scanning the room with a camera, which Rick promptly eats (or tries to). Disgusted, the commandos blow off the door and after tranqing the dog, fire a dozen tranquilizers at a sleeping Banner. They whip the covers off and see that it's just pillows. They hit the street after finding a rope, getting a little ahead of Bruce, who is hiding in the apartment of Martina just below him. After giving them a few minutes, Bruce hits the ground but is immediately spotted by Blonsky. He breaks for it, going across rooftops and up the sides of buildings, at one point narrowly missing running right into a too-shocked-to-move Ross's arms. As he's running, he manages to crash into some people that turn out to be the gang from the factory. They join in on the chase, and Bruce ducks into the factory to lose them all, but unfortunately the gang sees the chain swinging and the troops see the gang. The gang catches up with Bruce and start pummeling him, ripping off his backpack and tossing it aside as he begs them to stop before his heart-rate gets too high, getting out in Portuguese, "Me....angry....very bad..." The leader laughs and moves in for the kill while the troops near the fight, but suddenly Bruce's eyes flash green just as a dart hits one of the toughs. They blame Bruce and start in again, but suddenly the leader is thrown a hundred feet through walls and the other men are screaming. The troops can't make out what's happening, but Ross hears the audio feed and begins yelling at them to shoot, go live, do SOMETHING! They switch to live rounds as the last of the gangers is finished and the creature turns to leave, smashing his way out with a big vat of something. The troops open fire, but the bullets just bounce off of him like plastic. The creature roars and starts in on them as Blonsky tries to get in a higher position for a better view and shot. He finds it just as the last soldier is finished. He takes his shot, and the creature notices him. A shadow passes, and suddenly Blonsky is face-to-face with the Hulk. Hulk picks up another vat and slams it down, and Blonsky goes flying as Hulk heads for the jungle, pausing only to give a victory roar. Hours later, Ross and Sparr are going through Banner's apartment and computer when Blonsky comes in, demanding an explanation for what he saw out there. Ross just says that he did a good job, and he should tell his men to pack up, since they're leaving town 1 DAY WITHOUT INCIDENT Bruce wakes up beside a waterfall, not quite sure where he is, his pants hanging off of him and torn. He hears a truck and heads for the road, where the driver tells him he's in Guatemala. The driver takes Bruce into town, where Bruce proceeds to work his way north and pick up some new clothing while in Mexico. Meanwhile, Blonsky has finally succeeded in wearing down Ross enough to tell him what went on. Ross explains that back in World War II, there were a lot of special programs being worked on to give America the edge, almost all of them under an Infantry Weapons Development program. One of them was a program for bio-tech force enhancment, more commonly known as "Super Soldier". About five years ago, Ross dusted off that program and began trying to put it together again. He recruited Banner and his team to work on it, but then something went very wrong....or very right, depending on how you look at it. In either case, the end result, according to Ross, is that Bruce Banner's whole body is now, in his opinion, the exclusive property of the U.S. Government. The two men sit there and after an exchange about how they're both fighters, Blonsky says that if he could put what he knows now in his body twenty years ago, that would be someone he wouldn't want to fight. Ross smiles grimly and says, "I could probably arrange something like that." Blonsky merely stares up at him, intrigued. 17 DAYS WITHOUT INCIDENT At Culver University in Virginia, we see Bruce heading for the old science department where Hulk was born. However, the appearance of security guards checking IDs puts the kibosh on those plans. Deterred, he heads outside and sees the building housing all science teachers, and who should come out but Betty, chatting amiably with a friend of hers. He stares at her stupidly as she eats outside, and she looks up towards him and smiles. He ducks behind a tree (yeah, that'll work), but she was actually smiling at her newly arrived boyfriend, Leonard Samson (Ty Burrel), psychologist extraordinaire. Now deterred and defeated, he heads to an old on-campus pizza parlor where the owner, Stanley (Paul Soles), is an old friend of his. Bruce asks about Samson (insert envy joke here), and then asks for two more things -- a place to stay for a few days, and a job. The very next day we see him delivering pizzas in his old uniform, and one of the stops happens to be the science lab. He talks to the guard (Lou Ferrigno, Hulk from the TV series) and is able to get upstairs, where after bribing the head computer genius with a pizza he gets on one of the computers to look for the data on his experiment, but it's all gone. Bruce contacts Blue and tells him the bad news, and then gets out of there. That night, Bruce is getting ready to leave and Stanley is getting ready to close up when two final customers come in.....Betty and Samson. They begin chatting with Stanley as an unaware Bruce comes down the stairs. Just as Stan consents to make them a pizza Bruce opens the kitchen door and sees Betty, who sees him. Her mouth opens in shock, but when she looks again Bruce has taken off. She runs outside but doesn't see him hiding behind the dumpster, and once back inside she bullies Stanley into spilling the truth. A while later, we see Bruce walking in the rain on a highway when Betty pulls up behind him. He sees her and she runs to him, begging him not to go. Soon they are pulling into the house she shares with Samson, and she reveals a present she kept for him -- all the data from their experiment on a nice little portable drive. He tells her that he can't stay, but accepts her offer of money and a ride to the bus station the next morning. Meanwhile, Ross is pulling a serum out of cold storage and prepping Blonsky for injection, which he warns will hurt. For his part, Blonsky just grits his teeth and tells them to get on with it. The next day, Bruce and Betty are walking through the college campus to the bus station when Betty pauses to fix Bruce's shirt, making him more fashionable. As she does, he sees a soldier move behind a column of one building and tells her to get as far away from him as she can. He bolts and as the soldiers move in, she looks around for the command vehicle and convinces Ross to come out, begging for him to stop. He ignores her request and orders the rest of the team in. Bruce ducks into a library and removes his pack. He fishes out the drive and forces it down his throat before moving on. However, the pause has caused the soldiers to catch up to him, and they trap him in an overpass as Blonsky moves in. They fire two canisters of knockout gas into the bridge, but Banner transforms and leaps out. He begins fighting the soldiers, leaping all around them and crushing their vehicles, but Blonsky moves in and leaps around Hulk like a mosquito, peppering him with rounds from a grenade launcher. He gets Hulk to follow him into the path of two sonic blasters which pepper Hulk with soundwaves, but unfortunately, Hulk sees Betty crying out and manages to take them apart using two parts of a nearby sculpture. Blonsky gets pissed and approaches Hulk, and proceeds to get slammed into a tree breaking every bone in his body. Ross orders in a helicopter just as Betty runs towards Hulk. Hulk throws part of the statue at the chipper, which crashes and makes a huge inferno that envelops Hulk, who envelops Betty and keeps her safe from it, though she does go unconscious again. Hulk looks at Betty and sees Ross standing there with Sparr. He snarls at Ross, turns, and heads off. Later, we see Ross's boys taking everything Betty owned out of her house as Ross tells Samson that he did the right thing by calling Ross. In turn, Samson calls Ross the bigger threat, since Hulk protected Betty whereas Ross endangered her. Ross says that her safety is his utmost concern, but Samson says that his best feature is that he always knows when someone is lying, and that he also knows now why Betty never talked about him. That night, in the North Carolina stretch of Great Smoky Mountains National Park, Betty wakes up in a cave to the sound of a thunderstorm. She sees Hulk staring down at her curiously and screams. He jumps and hits his head on the ceiling of the cave, but she calms him down. Suddenly, lightning strikes and Hulk screams at it, throwing a rock into the sky at this new challenger. Betty again calms him down, reassuring him as a mother would her frightened child, and eventually he goes to sleep. The next morning, she and Bruce wake up and drive into town, where Betty gets them a motel room and Bruce takes a shower and coughs up the data chip. Betty gets him some new clothes and together they get a used car with cash obtained from the pawning of her mother's old necklace. As she's paying, though, Bruce uses a public computer to send the data to Mr. Blue, aka Samuel Sterns, at his Empire State University email address. Even worse, Ross's team, with the help of the Strategic Homeland Infiltration, Enforcement, and Logistics Division (SHIELD), is able to capture this email and figure out where they're heading.....Empire State University. Meanwhile, Ross is checking on Blonsky, who had previously had more broken bits than the Titanic, and is shocked when Sparr shows him a fully-healed Blonsky, who is "pissed off and ready for round three." Back with Betty and Bruce, we see them heading for New York when Betty asks what it's like when he changes. The best Bruce can answer is that everything is a lot more amplified. Betty points out that there's still something of him in there, using the recognition of her as evidence, so maybe if Bruce could control it -- but Bruce interrupts her, saying that he wants to get rid of it. The next day, the pair are in line at the Verrazano-Narrows bridge when Bruce notices a police checkpoint. They get out, sneak around back of the truck, and head down to the docks, where after one boat ride they find themselves in the city and get a cab to ESU, which turns out to be the most frightening ride ever and has Betty screaming obscenities at the lascividious cabbie. As he pulls away, our pair have this exchange: Bruce: "You know, I could show you some techniques to manage that rage a little better..." Betty: "Don't start!" Eventually, the pair get to ESU (with no cabbie murders) and meet the small, quiet, and unassuming young man known as Samuel Sterns (Tim Blake Nelson). Being thrilled to meet both of them, he brings them up to his lab and they immediately start talking, where he warns that if they miscalculate too high, the dose could kill Bruce. In turn, Bruce warns that if the dose is too low, it could be dangerous to Sterns, though Sterns just laughs this off, clearly not believing him (though who could, really?). Regardless, they set about recreating the experiment with little trouble (student-used computers at fault). They manage to draw Hulk out and inject the antidote as Betty struggles to keep Hulk from lashing out. The antidote takes effect, and Hulk reverts back to a hyperventilating Bruce. Meanwhile, on a military base, we see soldiers prepping for moving out while in a locker room, Blonsky examines himself in a mirror. Unnoticed, his spines elongates and extends out from his body the slightest bit. He boards the chopper and Ross asks him how he feels, and he declares, "Like a monster." In the lab, Sterns is proposing his latest theory that what they injected Bruce with was just for the suppression of that one episode. He starts to talk about his subjects, which causes Betty and Bruce to stare at him in horror and ask, "What subjects?" He smiles gleefully and shows them a room with tons of distorted fetuses and dozens of synthesized bags of Bruce's blood, all of which Sterns was able to make from that one sample Bruce sent. Bruce and Betty tell him that they need to destroy all of it, but Sterns can only see a future Nobel Prize. Bruce starts to become agitated, but a sniper suddenly tags him from outside just as Blonsky rushes in and knocks him out, shoving Betty aside roughly. A team takes Bruce out as Sparr stays behind to supervise cleanup, but as they do and as Betty storms onto a waiting chopper and away from the man she no longer wants to call her father, Ross whispers to Bruce just before he gets loaded on, "If you took it from me I'll put you in a hole for the rest of your natural life." Back on the ground, Sparr is interrogating Sterns when she gets knocked out from behind by Blonsky. Sterns is terrified, but then Blonsky says that he wants Sterns to turn him into what Bruce turns into. Sterns is eager to oblige for reasons that have nothing to do with Blonsky's threats, but he does warn Blonsky that the result, thanks to what Blonsky already has in him, could be an abomination. Blonsky lifts Sterns to the ceiling and says that that counts as informed consent, and the ball starts rolling. As Betty and Bruce share a moment in the chopper, Sterns procedure takes hold, and Blonsky -- now the Abomination -- smashes the whole lab, spilling chemicals on Sterns, whose head bubbles weirdly and begins to grow larger and flatter as he grins. Blonsky leaps outside and starts tearing up the streets and soldiers left there, and one of the soldiers gets a message off to Ross that, "The Hulk is loose!" Ross glances at Banner, who appears just as shocked, and says that's impossible. They manage to get a visual on-screen, and they see the Abomination tearing apart the city. Bruce realizes that only one thing can stop that and Ross agrees. They move over the site and open the back door. Betty begs Bruce not to do it saying that they don't know if he'll change, but he says he has to try. They kiss each other, and then he allows himself to fall backward. He passes the level of buildings, manages to say, "Oh, shi--" SMASH!!! A huge hole appears in the middle of the pavement, down the street from the Abomination. The Hulk slowly pulls himself from the hole, and roars. Blonsky hears and grins, and the two monsters run towards each other. They leap and collide in mid air, with Blonsky carrying the way, dazing Hulk slightly and punching him down the street. Hulk shakes it off and tears a police car in two and launches it at the Abomination. Blonsky takes the hit and then unleashes one of his own, punching Hulk through a building and way downtown. The Abomination roars in delight and chases after him, climbing up and over buildings to catch up as Ross orders the chopper gunner to open fire on Blonsky. Blonsky barely avoids all of the bullets and catches up to Hulk, pummeling him some more before deciding to grab hold of the copter. Hulk sees this and then sees Betty in there, roars, and grabs hold of Blonsky, creating a copter-Abomination-Hulk chain. The pilot says that it's too much weight and he has to put her down while Hulk and Abomination continue their battle on the landing struts. The battling becomes too much, and the chopper finally crashes near a construction site (always the way...). As Betty and Ross pull themselves from the wreckage, Blonsky keeps beating on Hulk. Suddenly, a spark from the main rotor hits a gas puddle below the chopper. Hulk sees this happening, becomes angrier and bigger, and manages to shove the Abomination aside just in time to create a sonic boom that puts out the fire by creating a limited vacuum. Meanwhile, the Abomination has found a huge chain that just happens to have two mace like attachments on the end and is swinging it at Hulk merrily. Hulk manages to get under it, get a hold of the chain, and wrap it around Blonsky's neck. He pulls it tight, and Blonsky goes unconscious. He pulls it tighter, determined to kill the source of his hurt and pain when Betty cries out, "Stop!" Hulk sees her and calms and obeys. The Abomination is still out, so Hulk tosses him to land at the feet of Ross before letting loose with another victory roar. He quiets, and for a moment, all is still. No one moves as the Hulk gazes distrustfully at all the little people with loud guns around him when suddenly a second chopper appears with a searchlight blaring. Hulk roars in frustration and takes to the roofs again, running off. He reaches the coastline, and... A few days later, we see Betty on Liberty Island, looking sad as she stares up at the big green woman. A beep sounds from her pocket and she pulls out a camera she had gotten while on the run with Bruce to see a picture of him not-quite-smiling back at her beneath the words "low battery". The camera suddenly powers down, and Betty sighs, saddened by the loss of the one proof she had of their time together... 31 DAYS WITHOUT INCIDENT In Bella Coola, British Columbia, we see a shack set up deep in the mountains. Inside, we see Bruce addressing an envelope to Betty. When he's finished, he opens the flap and puts her mother's necklace inside, making sure to not be rough with it. That done, he sits down and meditates, thinking about what everyone told him about control. He closes his eyes, breathes deeply, and opens them again... They are glowing green. On a black screen, we hear General Ross saying Reload. We find him sitting in an ordinary bar in an ordinary city uniform undone. The bartender refills his drink as the door opens. Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) enters and sidles up to Ross, offering his condolences on failing to capture Banner and losing control of Blonsky and saying that he did warn Ross against pursuing the Super Soldier program, since it was shut down for a reason. Ross sighs and acknowledges Stark, saying that he always wears the nicest suits, to which Stark smiles and says, Touch. Stark says that he heard that Ross had an interesting problem, and Ross responds by saying, Well, youd know all about that wouldnt you? Not to be outdone, Stark follows up with, Were putting a little team together. Thought you might be interested. Finally letting his curiosity override his caution, Ross says, Whos we? 
 Torque (2004)Summaries A biker returns from Thailand to set things straight with his girlfriend. One gang leader wants him for delivery of 2 motorbikes filled with crystal meth and another gang leader wants him for murdering his brother. Biker Cary Ford is framed by an old rival and biker gang leader for the murder of another gang member who happens to be the brother of Trey (Ice Cube), leader of the most feared biker gang in the country. Ford is now on the run trying to clear his name from the murder with Trey and his gang looking for his blood. EL TORO 79 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 