nm0011472:

 Daylight Savings (2000)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Follow the Broccoli (1999)Summaries A young and talented songwriter, a beautiful but self-absorbed blimp pilot. Are they destined to be together or is it just Arthur Ibbet's obsession to win her heart? In this funny and sometimes melancholy tale, Arthur sets out to become the National Champion of Bingo to impress his love, who comes from a long line of Bingo Champions. As he perfects his system to win, and seeks out the elusive former Bingo Master, his music and friends become more and more distant. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 This Town (2003)Summaries Meet Rick, a 21st century guy facing the eternal quest for love that lasts. But designer footware is only the start on the path to true love. Playing the dating game in this town requires patience, tenacity and an emotional bullet-proof vest, not to mention a good sense of humor and an active imagination! Fantasy and fact merge in this hilarious, edgy exploration of men, women and the inexplicable differences between the sexes. Niamh Fawl It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Easy (V) (2014)Summaries High school students Jonathan and David have each other. Who cares that it's not perfect? They got this. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 