nm0006619:

 Lost (20042010)761) The survivors of a plane crash are forced to work together in order to survive on a seemingly deserted tropical island. The past, present, and future lives of surviving Oceanic Flight 815 passengers are dramatically intertwined as a fight for survival ensues in a quest for answers after crashlanding on a mysterious island. Each discovery prompts yet more secrets, as the hastily-formed colony search for a way off the island, or is this their home? Chris Cullen The survivors of Oceanic Flight 815 were 1,000 miles off course when they crashed on a lush, mysterious island. Each person possesses a shocking secret, but they've got nothing on the island itself, which harbors a monstrous security system, a series of underground bunkers and a group of violent survivalists hidden in the shadows. Jwelch5742 Out of the blackness, the first thing Jack senses is pain. Then burning sun. A Bamboo forest. Smoke. Screams. With a rush comes the horrible awareness that the plane he was on tore apart in mid-air and crashed on a Pacific island. From there it's a blur, as his doctor's instinct kicks in: people need his help. Stripped of everything, the 48 survivors scavenge what they can from the plane for their survival. Some panic. Some pin their hopes on rescue. A few find inner strength they never knew they had -- like Kate, who, with no medical training, suddenly finds herself suturing the doctor's wounds. Hurley - a man with a warm sense of humor despite the desperate situation - does his best to keep his cool as he helps those around him to survive. Charlie is a faded rock star who harbors a painful secret. Sayid is a Middle Eastern man who must wrestle with the racial profiling directed at him by some of his fellow survivors. Jin and Sun are a Korean couple whose traditions, values and language are foreign, and thus causes much to get lost in the translation. Sawyer has an air of danger surrounding him, and his intense sense of mistrust for everyone around him could prove to be fatal to his fellow castaways. Michael has just gained custody of his nine-year-old son, Walt, after the death of his ex-wife - they are a father and son who don't even know each other. Locke is a mysterious man who keeps to himself, and who harbors a deeper connection to the island than any of the others. Self-centered Shannon - who actually gives herself a pedicure amid the chaos - and her estranged controlling brother, Boone , constantly bicker and must learn to get along if they are to survive. And young Claire is eight months pregnant and ill-prepared for the hardships of motherhood - especially on a deserted island. ahmetkozan A horrific plane crash leaves 48 passengers alive, and stranded on a remote island in the South Pacific. The survivors include doctor Jack, now freed prisoner Kate, one hit wonder rock star Charlie, Iraqi military vet Sayid, and a mysterious man named Locke. For a while their goal is simple survival, but they soon realize that it was far more than mere chance that brought them together, and each of them has a purpose that will help them unlock the island's secrets. rmlohner After a somewhat mysterious sequence of events, an oceanic flight from Sydney to LA crashes on what appears to be a deserted island. The chance of being found and rescued is fairly small, so the survivors have to cope with a set of challenges. They have to learn to survive on the island, a mysterious place with enough dangers on its own. Also, they have to learn to live with each other if any success is to be expected. And finally, they have to live with themselves and their pasts. Interwoven with the events on the islands are flashbacks to the pasts of 14 main characters. Step by step, we learn a little more about their diverse and unexpected pasts as the group's quest to survive takes shape. RagingR2 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Season 3, the crash survivors learn more about the Others and their long history on the mysterious island, along with the fate of the Dharma Initiative. The leader of the Others, Benjamin Linus, is introduced as well and defections from both sides pave the way for conflict between the two. Time travel elements also begin to appear in the series, as Desmond is forced to turn the fail-safe key in the hatch to stop the electromagnetic event, and this sends his mind eight years to the past. When he returns to the present, he is able to see the future. Kate and Sawyer escape the Others, while Jack stays after Ben promises that Jack will be able to leave the island in a submarine if he operates on Ben, who has cancer. Jack does, but the submarine is destroyed by John. Jack is left behind with Juliet, an Other, who also seeks to leave the island, while John joins the Others. A helicopter carrying Naomi crashes near the island. Naomi says her freighter, Kahana, is near and was sent by Penelope Widmore, Desmond's ex-girlfriend. Desmond has a vision in which Charlie will drown after shutting down a signal that prevents communication with the exterior world. His vision comes true, but Charlie speaks with Penelope, who says she does not know any Naomi. Before drowning, Charlie writes on his hand "Not Penny's Boat" so Desmond can read it. Meanwhile, the survivors make contact with a rescue team aboard the freighter. In the season's finale, apparent flashbacks show a depressed Jack going to an unknown person's funeral. In the final scene, these are revealed to be "flash forwards", and Kate and Jack are revealed to have escaped the island. Jack, however, is desperate to go back. 
 Raven (19921993)321) The adventures of Jonathan Raven, a ninja and ex-Special Forces soldier. Jonathan Raven is a ninja, former member of the Black Dragons clan and also a former Special Forces agent. Now he lives in Hawaii, helping those in trouble and searching for his long-lost son, while avoiding assassins sent to kill him by the Black Dragon clan. Herman "Ski" Jablonski, an extravagant private investigator and Jonathon's best friend, is helping him. Lady Andromeda <starqueen@usa.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jonathan Raven, along with his veteran pal, "Ski", a duo take on a number of life-threatening challenges ranging from common thugs to the mysterious ancient Japanese cult of malignant assassins, the Black Dragon. When Jonathon Raven was twelve years old, his parents were killed by the Black Dragon. He trained with them for many years in the deadly martial arts with the hopes of learning and mastering their lethal skill and then using it against them for vengeance. Although he succeeded in infiltrating them, the Black Dragon are many in number, and are now bent on destroying Raven's bloodline. His one true love, a beautiful Japanese woman named Aki, becomes pregnant with their son at the same time the Black Dragon clan is after Raven's life. Aki unfortunately dies shortly after giving birth to their son, but before she passes away, she realizes that her son's life is in danger. Jonathon learns of his wife's plan of hiding their son from imperilment, but sadly never gets to see him or attain the knowledge of his location. Later on, he joins the U.S. Special Forces and becomes one of their top assassins under a man named Nick Henderson. After many complications and regrets, Raven leaves the Special Forces and continues his search for his long-lost son. His search eventually leads him to Honolulu, Hawaii, where he believes his son may be. Raven is on a life-long journey in search of his son, and is willing to risk his life along the way, with the aid of his old military buddy, a drunken private investigator named Herman "Ski" Jablonski, to find him and ensure the safety of his life. 
 Hawaii Five-0 (20102020)Summaries Steve McGarrett returns home to Oahu in order to find his father's killer; The Governor offers him the chance to run his own task force - Five-0. Steve McGarrett (Alex O'Loughlin) comes to Hawaii to avenge his father's death, but when the Governor offers his own task force, he accepts. He picks up team members on the way, Danny Williams (Scott Caan), the head detective on his father's case, Chin Ho Kelly (Daniel Dae Kim), a former Honolulu Police Department Detective who was fired for accused corruption, and McGarrett's father's old patrol partner, Kono Kalakaua (Grace Park), a Cadet at the Police Academy who's one week from graduating, Lori Weston (Lauren German), entry to Five-O temporarily, Catharine Rollins (Michelle Borth), a girlfriend of Steve, and Captain Lou Grover (Chi McBride), a former Chicago Police Department Head of S.W.A.T. ahmetkozan Hawaii doesn't have its own state police force, but the Governor has set up a special task force, which becomes known as "Five-0", to investigate serious crimes on the islands. Reserve Naval officer Steve McGarrett (Alex O'Loughlin) heads the team with Danny Williams (Scott Caan) as his second-in-command, and together they tackle a range of crimes with more far-reaching consequences than those dealt with by the Honolulu Police Department, including terrorism and serious organized crime. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Unsolved Mysteries (19872010)44) Combines dramatic re-enactments, interviews and updates, to tell stories of real mysteries, from human to the supernatural. Host Robert Stack presides over an investigation into unsolved mysteries ranging from murders to UFO sightings. Through reenactments and interviews, viewers are presented with the known facts of each case. Anyone with additional information is then urged to contact the show's producers via a toll-free telephone number. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> Hosted by Robert Stack , the show documents a handful of unsolved cases in each episode. These are true stories of unsolved crimes, missing persons, unexplained phenomena, wanted fugitives and unresolved investigations "relevant at the time of the original air dates". A compelling mystery is outlined by the host with supporting accounts from law enforcement, witnesses and family members surrounding the event in question. The audience is asked to call a tip line with any information that may help shed new light on these open-ended cases. Later episodes often include a brief update to a prior mystery. Updates typically include details leading up to the resolution of a previous "unsolved mystery." Occasionally, an update is broadcast with additional facts acquired since original air date. First broadcast in January of 1987, Unsolved Mysteries is one of the longest running programs in television and the inspiration for dozens of imitators. It is also one of the first television shows with an audience interactive call-to-action requesting viewer tips to help solve actual cases. Each episode consists of five segments profiling real-life mysteries and an update of a case which has been solved, thanks to a viewer tip. The segments are drawn from a variety of several different categories: Murder, Missing Persons, Wanted Fugitives, UFOs, Ghosts, The Unexplained (Paranormal), Missing Heirs, Amnesia, Fraud, among others. Viewers are urged to contact the series website, unsolved.com, if they have information that might help to solve a case. UM staff will forward the information to the appropriate authorities or law enforcement. John Cosgrove It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 