nm0011449:

 Snitch (I) (2013)541) A father goes undercover for the DEA in order to free his son, who was imprisoned after being set up in a drug deal. Construction company owner John Matthews learns that his estranged son, Jason, has been arrested for drug trafficking. Facing an unjust prison sentence for a first time offender courtesy of mandatory minimum sentence laws, Jason has nothing to offer for leniency in good conscience. Desperately, John convinces the DEA and the opportunistic DA Joanne Keeghan to let him go undercover to help make arrests big enough to free his son in return. With the unwitting help of an ex-con employee, John enters the narcotics underworld where every move could be his last in an operation that will demand all his resources, wits and courage to survive. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Arrested on charges of drug distribution after he's caught with a package of Ecstasy, 18-year-old Jason Collins (Rafi Gavron) faces a mandatory ten-year sentence in a federal prison. But Jason's father John (Dwayne Johnson) knows that his son is no drug dealer, and vows to do whatever it takes to win back his freedom. When Jason refuses an offer to reduce his sentence by setting someone up to take a big fall, John pleads with U.S. Attorney Joanne Keeghan (Susan Sarandon) to let him go undercover, and gather enough evidence to convict the real power players. With the help of ex-con-turned-family man Daniel (Jon Bernthal), John is hot on the trail of Malik (Michael Kenneth Williams), a vicious drug dealer and the leader of a notorious street gang. Meanwhile, in his efforts to free his son, John may have inadvertently put Daniel's family in jeopardy. Later, when the growing trail of clues leads John to ruthless cartel leader Juan Carlos "El Topo" Pintera (Benjamin Bratt), the loyal father vows not to let his fate be dictated by the ambitious powers that be on either side of the law. ahmetkozan After unwisely accepting a late-night delivery of a big package crammed with ecstasy pills, Jason--the hapless eighteen-year-old son of the law-abiding construction company owner, John Matthews--ends up in federal prison, facing a punitive ten-year prison sentence. Determined to do anything to reduce his first-time offender son's harsh punishment, the ordinary father strikes a treacherous deal with the politically ambitious local U.S. Attorney, Joanne Keeghan, almost begging her to infiltrate the dangerous world of the local drug dealer, Malik. Somehow, John has to bring the ruthless drug dealer to justice; however, with the perspective of luring an even bigger fish--the legendary Mexican cartel kingpin, Juan Carlos "El Topo" Pintera--suddenly, Joanne changes the rules of the game. Is John prepared to give his life in exchange for Jason's freedom? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. John Matthews (Dwayne Johnson), owner of a construction company, receives a call from his ex-wife Sylvie Collins. His estranged son Jason (Rafi Gavron) is being charged for distribution of narcotics; while Jason is not actually a dealer, his friend set him up in a sting operation to reduce his own sentence after being caught. Jason's charges carry a minimum of 10 years in prison. John feels responsible because he was not there for his son, and he becomes desperate as he realizes that Jason may be killed before he finishes his prison sentence. Using his connections, John arranges several meetings with the local US Attorney Joanne Keeghan (Susan Sarandon), who is running a very aggressive anti-drug campaign to bolster her chances for election to Congress. Joanne agrees to reduce Jason's sentence if John can inform on a drug dealer, but states that he'll receive little help from her and that the risk will be all his. Agent Cooper (Barry Pepper) leads a task force which will monitor any dealings John arranges to use as evidence for an arrest. John searches through his employee records and finds an employee on his payroll with two former distribution convictions. Daniel James (Jon Bernthal) is currently leading a clean life to avoid a third strike, as he now has a wife and young son to care for. John offers twenty-thousand dollars if Daniel will simply introduce him to a dealer. Daniel initially refuses but later agrees so that he can move to a safer apartment for his son, though he is unaware that John is acting as an informant. Daniel introduces John to Malik, an extremely dangerous, high-ranking local drug dealer, who like Daniel has two strikes. Explaining that his business can not stay afloat in the current economy without a supplement to its revenues, John offers to run nearly limitless amounts of drugs at almost zero risk in his freight trucks. Due to being a legitimate business, the trucks avoid suspicion and carry too much freight to thoroughly search. Malik agrees under the condition that John and Daniel drive the initial run themselves. John and Agent Cooper arrange for several wire taps to be put in place to catch the transactions involved. John drives to the pickup point near the Mexican border. In the process, a rival gang ambushes the pickup, but John manages a daring escape, impressing cartel kingpin Juan Carlos "El Topo" Pintera (Benjamin Bratt), whose cartel successfully fights off the ambushers. John successfully completes his end of the deal, delivering the drugs to Malik while under surveillance by Agent Cooper. Malik mentions a meeting with cartel members higher than himself: Cooper, hoping to catch the higher priority targets, refuses to arrest Malik during the deal. Keeghan claims Cooper did the right thing and refuses to reduce Jason's sentence unless John cooperates in a second meeting. John, outraged, agrees only if Jason is released when the job is completed, rather than just a reduction in sentence. Around this time, Daniel finds out about the arrangement John made with the police and is furious, saying that the cartel will kill John, Daniel, and their families if the truth comes out. John and Daniel send their families into hiding. John meets with Juan Carlos Pintera under much higher cartel security than he has seen so far. Juan wants John to run nearly $100 million in drug profits into Mexico, back to the cartel base of operations, and offers to make John a member of the cartel inner circle if he succeeds. John reports this back to Keeghan and Cooper. Keeghan is ecstatic due to finding such a large target, but Cooper has a change of heart and tries to talk John out of doing the run, as he suspects the cartel will kill him afterwards. John devises a plan to free himself and Daniel from both the government and the cartel. During the run, John is able to escape Cooper's surveillance. At the same time, Daniel raids Malik's house, killing Malik's guards and wounding Malik. Before dying, Malik reveals Juan Carlos's cell phone number to Daniel. John calls Cooper and has him track both his new cell phone and Juan Carlos's phone, effectively giving Cooper both the money and the kingpin at once. After a highway chase and shootout, caused by the cartel's realization that John is an informant, John escapes. Cartel members and the money are seized by Cooper's men. Juan Carlos is also captured; he is unwilling to get into a shootout with the police, as his young son is with him. The movie ends with Jason being released the next day. John and his family go into the witness protection program. Daniel refuses to go into the program, saying he and his family will go into hiding on their own. As Daniel has lost his job, John leaves Daniel the large reward check that John was supposed to receive for the capture of Juan Carlos. The film concludes by citing statistics which show that certain first-time non-violent drug offenders receive longer prison sentences on average than those convicted of rape or manslaughter. 
 Into the Storm (2014)761) Storm trackers, thrill-seekers, and everyday townspeople document an unprecedented onslaught of tornadoes touching down in the town of Silverton. In the span of a single day, the town of Silverton is ravaged by an unprecedented onslaught of tornadoes. The entire town is at the mercy of the erratic and deadly cyclones, even as storm trackers predict the worst is yet to come. Most people seek shelter, while others run towards the vortex, testing how far a storm chaser will go for that once-in-a-lifetime shot. New Line Cinema In the middle of Tornado Alley in the small town of Silverton, Oklahoma, multiple storm paths are about to converge. A documentary crew is tracking the storms, local adventure-seekers want to put themselves into the danger zone, and a widowed school principal with two teenage sons is planning the graduation ceremony. When a storm hits, this diverse group of people must come together balancing their personal goals and the safety of themselves and others. But there are more storms on the horizon, and told from the point of view of those witnessing it, these storms prove to be far greater than ever experienced putting all their lives in danger. Anne Campbell It is graduation day in the town of Silverton and the sons of the vice-principal Gary, Donnie and Trey, are responsible for filming the ceremony. However, Donnie has a crush on his mate Kaitlyn (Alycia Debnam Carey) and he has the chance to go with her to an abandoned chemical facility to help her in an assignment, leaving his brother alone. Meanwhile the storm tracker Pete is advised by his meteorologist Allison to head to Silverton where a tornado will probably appear. Pete needs to prepare footage of tornado for the producer and he drives his truck Titus with the cameraman Jacob followed by the equipped van with Allison, the driver Daryl and Lucas to film the tornado. However, several erratic tornadoes arrive in the town and seem that there is not no safe shelter to protect the inhabitants of Silverton. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A tornado hits the car carrying four high school students, killing them all. In the town of Silverton, Oklahoma, the local high school senior class is preparing for graduation. The high school's vice-principal, Gary Fuller (Richard Armitage), has asked his two sons, Trey and Donnie, to record messages from the seniors for a time capsule to be opened in 25 years. Elsewhere, Pete (Matt Walsh), a veteran storm chaser, has been attempting to intercept and film tornadoes using a heavily armored Tornado Intercept Vehicle nicknamed Titus, but has come up short all year long. Upon learning of a major line of developing storms, the chasers confer and decide to head for Silverton in hopes of filming tornadoes. After arriving in Silverton, the team discovers that the cell they had been chasing has dissipated, upsetting Pete. As the team reconvenes to determine its next move, the Silverton cell abruptly strengthens, resulting in a hailstorm and tornado. As the team films, the funnel abruptly shifts course and heads for the high school.. Reckless thrill-seekers and death-defying documentarians are about to witness the true wrath of Mother Nature, as an unequalled system of omnipotent tornadoes rapidly approaches the small town of Silverton, Oklahoma. Against the backdrop of the local high school's graduation ceremony, a single-mother meteorologist struggles to predict the formation of the next wall cloud, as a team of storm chasers prepare for the worst. Now, gigantic funnel clouds tend to close in on the city, and nothing can avert the imminent disaster. Will this unstoppable flock of tornadoes tear the little community apart? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Four high school friends in Oklahoma are hanging out in a car in the dark of night. They hear the clap of thunder, and from afar, they see several transformers blowing out. One of the kids gets out to film it on his phone, with his friends yelling at him to get back in the car. Then, a tornado descends right on top of them, killing all four kids. In the next scene, we meet Titus Team, a group of tornado documentary filmmakers and storm chasers. They're led by Pete ( Matt Walsh ), who is annoyed that they missed the previous night's storm that killed the kids. With him is Lucas ( Lee Whittaker ) and Jacob ( Jeremy Sumpter ). In another van are Allison ( Sarah Wayne Callies ) and Daryl ( Arlen Escarpeta ). Neither of them are thrilled to be riding with Pete. They track a storm that is headed to the town later that day. Amidst their journey to track this beast of a storm, we learn that Allison has been away from her five-year-old daughter for a few months. The kid wants her mom back, but even Allison doesn't know when she'll be home. She just continue to assure her daughter that she'll return soon. Meanwhile, High school junior Donnie Fuller ( Max Deacon ) is making a time capsule video for him to watch in 25 years. His younger brother Trey ( Nathan Kress ) comes in to make fun of Donnie for not talking to his crush Kaitlyn Johnston ( Alycia Debnam-Carey ). Their father Gary ( Richard Armitage ) is a bit distant and a hard-ass on the boys. Gary is the vice principal of the school and is focused on the graduation ceremony that day, which Donnie is supposed to film. He tries to talk to them but Donnie only keeps him away. Elsewhere, we find two dim-witted buddies, Donk ( Kyle Davis ) and Reevis ( Jon Reep ) trying to make a hit YouTube video. They have Donk ride his ATV through a ramp and over his pool that's been lit on fire. Donk crashes the ATV through the pool, breaking it. He and his buddies laugh and think of the many hits they'll get, while his mother runs out and yells at them for wrecking the pool. The boys hear about the storm and set off to find it. At school, Donnie sees Kaitlyn being reprimanded by her teacher. He awkwardly approaches her in the library and asks her about what happened, which Trey videotapes for fun. Kaitlyn had to do a video project in order to receive an internship, but her video files got messed up. Donnie offers to help her out later, which she is extremely thankful for. He makes Trey tape the graduation ceremony, and he reluctantly agrees to it. The Titus Team is at their hotel when they sense the storm approaching. Large chunks of hail come raining down, and they head out to track the tornado. Turns out it's headed right for the school. The team drives down the fields where Donk and Reevis come riding in. Everybody sees the tornado coming down hard. Pete orders Jacob to record footage, while Donk and Reevis try to get their latest hit video. The tornado eventually gains momentum and makes its way toward the school as the graduation ceremony goes on. The students get soaked wet, and then the alert system goes off. The students are rushed into the school. The students, along with Gary and the principal, keep their heads down. The tornado hits the school, throwing a tree through the door and tearing a hole through the roof, sucking a few students out. Meanwhile, Donnie takes Kaitlyn to the abandoned paper mill to try and start the video project. They don't sense the storm and have no idea what's happening until Gary tries calling Donnie. He tells his dad where he is before getting cut off. The storm hits the paper mill, causing it to collapse around Donnie and Kaitlyn. Gary takes Trey to go find Donnie. They come across the storm chasers downtown, as the tornado hits there as well. The area gets wrecked, with Gary and Trey nearly getting killed. They manage to help a neighbor and his dog to safety. Allison nearly gets pulled into the tornado, but Gary manages to hold onto her long enough until it dissipates. The storm chasers take Gary and Trey with them to help them find Donnie while also trying to get more footage of storms. Donnie tends to a cut on Kaitlyn's leg from the debris. During their time together, Donnie tells her that he was angry with his mother for leaving Gary. He and Trey would go visit her, and the last time he saw her, he barely acknowledged her when she said goodbye to him. She was later killed in a car accident. Suddenly, a pipe breaks, and water begins to fall into the hole, flooding the place. Donnie calls his dad for help, telling him the situation before getting cut off again. En route to the next tornado location, Pete apologizes to Jacob for giving him a hard time, especially since Jacob has been very anxious to get away from the storms. The tornadoes then begin to reappear, destroying more cars and buildings. Donk and Reevis run close to the tornado and get themselves blown away. The team runs into a church for shelter as one of them forms into a "firenado", but Jacob drops his camera. He runs to get it and is pulled into the firenado, burning him alive. In the church, Allison decides to help Gary and Trey find Donnie so that no more lives will be lost. She blames Pete for Jacob's death because all Pete cared about was getting good footage. Daryl steps in and takes the blame for what happened to Jacob. Allison takes Gary and Trey in her vehicle to find Donnie. The hole in which Donnie and Kaitlyn are trapped is flooding more and more with seemingly no way out. Donnie gets his camera and has Kaitlyn record a final message for her parents, telling them she loves them. Donnie does the same for his father and Trey, also apologizing to Gary for giving him shit over the divorce. He and Kaitlyn hug. Gary listens to Donnie's message and determines where he is. He guides Allison to the paper mill. They search for Donnie and Kaitlyn, hearing their voices as the water has reached the highest level. The kids are trapped under a beam which is too heavy for Gary, Allison, and Trey to push. Trey gets in the van and rams into it, pushing the beam off but also causing something to fall on Donnie's leg. Gary pulls Kaitlyn out and jumps in the water for Donnie. He takes Trey's knife and cuts Donnie loose. The boy is not breathing. Gary performs CPR on Donnie until he coughs and wakes up. Gary hugs his son and everyone runs back into the vehicle. Allison learns that a larger and even more powerful tornado (a giant EF5 'wedge tornado') is coming. What's worse is that the warning systems are down. They run to the school to get everybody out of there and onto buses to evacuate, as the storm will run past it and flatten the school in seconds. The students and faculty are put on the buses and safely taken out. However, when Gary and company try to escape, a power line falls on the road, blocking their path. They turn back to find another way out. Pete, Lucas, and Daryl rejoin them, and the remaining survivors take refuge in a storm drain. As the giant tornado comes in, the wind nearly pulls the grate off the walls. Pete drives his vehicle down there, using an anchoring system to hold himself down and also keep the grate on. The storm intensifies, until it seems to settle for a bit. Pete tells Allison they're in the eye of the storm. The winds return, heavier than ever. Gary and Allison hold each other and the kids down, while the tornado pulls Pete and his vehicle into the air. It takes Pete so high up that he finds himself up above the clouds where the sun is. He enjoys the view, mere moments before falling back to the ground and dying. The tornado finally goes away. In the aftermath, the entire town is destroyed. Allison calls her daughter to assure her she's okay. Trey finishes the time capsule video by recording the citizens of the town, who are all thankful to be alive. Gary and his boys address the camera, now looking as though the three of them are closer. He puts his arms around his boys and Trey turns the camera off. Before the credits roll, we see that Donk and Reevis survived the storm and are stuck in a tree. Reevis asks Donk if his camera still works. It does. They rejoice over the prospect of having their latest hit video as Reevis falls from the tree while Donk laughs at him. 
 Land of the Lost (2009)651) A space-time vortex sucks scientist Rick Marshall, his assistant Holly and a survivalist Will into a world populated by dinosaurs and painfully slow creatures called Sleestaks. Palaeontologist Rick Marshall takes Will and Holly into a new world of danger, dinosaurs, and big bug-eyed lizard people while trying to find their way back home, save the universe, and save his reputation by doing so. The dinosaur with brains, brawn, and personality, and the adventure of scientific advancement and exotic beasts in a faraway land, all add up to time-traveling fun and frolics. Cinema_Fan Bombastic paleontologist Dr. Rick Marshall's career went spiraling downward when it became well known his controversial views on using tachyon energy as time warps as a means to solve the world's energy problems by transporting fuel from the past, future or even parallel universes. The only person supporting his theories is Cambridge science student Holly Cantrell, who was forced out of the institution for her views. The reason for her views is that she has discovered in the same desert area an ancient artifact that has a modern lighter imprinted on it and crystals with pure tachyon energy, meaning in her mind that someone from the present must have transported it from wherever that parallel universe. Rick knows that he has to continue his work in this area when he discovers the imprint is of his own lighter. Rick and Holly take Rick's still in-development tachyon amplifier to the desert area where the artifacts were found, and in the process the two plus Will Stanton, the redneck operator of a roadside attraction, fall through a portal to that parallel universe. Their problem is that they lose track of the amplifier and have no way of getting back to the present. They not only have to get the amplifier, but they must also deal with the multitude of dangers that lurk in the new world into which they've entered, including a race of lizard men called Sleestak, and a number of different dinosaurs, the most dangerous perhaps being a Tyrannosauruses Rex they nicknamed Grumpy for his grumpy demeanor. But not all the creatures in this new world are dangerous, as shown by Cha-Ka, a young Pakuni--a race of primates in-between monkeys and humans--who has been separated from his tribe, who they befriend, and who may be able to shed some light on their plight. Huggo On his latest expedition, Dr. Rick Marshall is sucked into a space-time vortex alongside his research assistant and a redneck survivalist. In this alternate universe, the trio make friends with a primate named Chaka, their only ally in a world full of dinosaurs and other fantastic creature. TB4000 Ridiculed for his radical theories about time travel, the controversial quantum palaeontologist, Dr Rick Marshall, finds himself banished from the scientific community, with both his career and reputation in tatters. On the brink of giving up on his research, suddenly, the unexpected arrival of the pretty British physicist, Holly Cantrell, probably the only scientist in the world who still believes in him, jolts Marshall into action, ready to do the impossible. Now, armed with the unfathomable power of his not-so-state-of-the-art tachyonic particle amplifier, Rick and Holly head to a mysterious, tachyon-rich cave, only to open a time warp into a parallel dimension rife with formidable adversaries and massive apex predators. Is there an escape from the dangerous Land of the Lost? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Three years after being kicked out of the science department for his theory of Time warps, and his attempt on Matt Lauer's life, Rick Marshall is reduced to working as a teacher at the George C. Page Museum until he meets Holly Cantrell whose finding urges him to create a tachyon amplifier to enable time warp travel. They go to the Devils Cave attraction where the finding was found, hiring its tour guide Will Stanton. But once they've activated the tachyon amplifier, losing it in the process, the three end up in a parallel universe where all timelines converge. They soon meet some ape men, Pakuni, two of whom were going to kill the younger one, when Stanton unintentionally gives the other two the secret of fire as they run off. The gang then proceed to help the other one, named Cha-Ka, until he runs off with them in pursuit. Once catching up to Cha-Ka, they are trapped by a tree which turns out to be a dinosaur feeding site, being attacked by a Tyrannosaurus. The T. rex chases them until they come to a small land bridge. Marshall is convinced they are safe as he explains how a T. rex has a walnut-sized brain, and is incapable of judging depth and distance. Hearing this as he stalks away, the T. rex stops in his tracks, turns, and runs full speed to jump across the chasm. Chasing them until they reach a crevice in a cave, it gives up, though still wanting to eat Marshall. Holly, knowing the dinosaur's attitude, gives him the name "Grumpy". Though Marshall didn't believe it to be possible, Grumpy's vendetta becomes more apparent when he leaves a gift, beach-ball sized walnut, gift-wrapped. The next day, Cha-Ka brings fruit full of spiders. Rick pours dinosaur urine all over himself as a way to masks his scent from "Grumpy" he then has visions about a strange creature begging for his help, running out into the Lost City. The others follow as Cha-Ka gets agitated and attempts to tell them they should leave as they are attacked by the slow yet deadly Sleestaks. But when the Pylon opens, Marshall and company enter, meeting the creature who contacted them, Enik. Enik tells them that the evil Zarn is out to control the universe and needs the tachyon amplifier. In spite of Will's feelings, Marshall offers his aid as Cha-Ka takes the group through the jungle and onto a salt flat landscape that is a feeding site for Compsognathus and Velociraptors, who proceed to tear an ice cream man to pieces until Grumpy comes and scares them off. However, a female Allosaurus arrives as well. The two territorial predators prepare to fight when the both of them catch Marshall's urine-drenched scent and chase after him. Though managing to outsmart Grumpy, Marshall runs from "Big Alice", the Allosaurus, until he reaches Holly and Will, using the tank of liquid nitrogen to freeze the Allosaur before she explodes with the tachyon amplifier among her remains. After that, a Pteranodon steals their time machine. Though down in the dumps, Marshall regains his confidence as he attempts to apologize to his friends in song (The theme song to the original TV series) while unknowingly attacked by a giant mosquito. After managing to get the tachyon amplifier back from a nest of pterosaurs, they return to a motel back in the salt flat. While Marshall, Will and Cha-Ka laze in the pool, Holly goes, finding a Pylon. Inside, she finds dinosaur eggs lodged in dinosaur feces, taking one out before she find a holographic message from the Zarn, learning that Enik is the real villain and being taken by a Sleestak to stand trial for aiding him. Meanwhile, after eating a Giant Crab, which killed itself by stepping on a geyser while advancing on them, the three realize Holly's missing and go find her. They meet two mating Sleestaks, that shed their skin, which Marshall and Will use to disguise themselves while Cha-Ka goes to get Enik. Arriving to Holly's aid as she is condemned to death by the Library of Skulls, Marshall and Will learn that Enik was the one who wiped out the Altrusians while confirming Will's feelings about the villain's tunic. After saving Holly, the gang confront Enik and his Sleestak slaves, taking the tachyon amplifier while revealing his plans on using the Sleestaks to overpopulate the worlds. He then leaves Marshall and company to their fate as Grumpy arrives to get his revenge. Seeing no other way, Marshall takes on Grumpy one-on-one, ending with Marshall vaulting into the dinosaur's mouth. Though Holly chides him for it, Grumpy shrugs her off and leaves as she and Will attempt to fight off the numerous Sleestaks. However, after being excreted out while taking out some intestinal trouble, Marshall and a "less grumpy" Grumpy make their peace as they arrive to kill most of the Sleestaks. Entering the Pylon, Marshall and company manage to destroy the crystal shard that powers it, with Will choosing to stay with Cha-Ka in the Land of the Lost while holding Enik off so Marshall and Holly can return home. Will takes advantage of his new life by meeting Cha-Ka's harem which he was told earlier by Cha-Ka that they were ugly only to find them to be very hot Caribbean tanned women wearing only a loincloth. He almost immediately get surrounded by half a dozen women who start rubbing him all over. He responds to this by saying " I made the right choice." Back on Earth, Matt Lauer reluctantly gives a second interview with Marshall this time proven right and proceeds to rub it in Matt Lauer's face by bringing a dinosaur egg back and giving him a signed copy of his new book. But after being forced to show off the title of Marshall's new book, ''Matt Lauer Can Suck It'', history repeats itself with Matt trying to kill Marshall. Soon after the show ended, unaware of what Marshall and she left behind on the set, the dinosaur egg Holly found hatches into a baby Sleestak. 
 Blast from the Past (1999)431) A naive man comes out into the world after spending 35 years in a nuclear fallout shelter. Adam Weber is the child of an eccentric inventor and his wife. Following a bomb scare in the 1960s that locked the Webers in their bomb shelter for 35 years, Adam Weber must venture out into Los Angeles and obtain food and supplies for his family. He meets Eve, who reluctantly agrees to help him out. Foggy In 1962 an eccentric scientist who, like so many people at the time, thought that a nuclear war between the U.S. and the Soviet Union was possible, built a bomb shelter in his basement. During the Cuban missile crisis, when he thought things were going escalate, he took his pregnant wife into the bomb shelter. When a plane flying over lost control, the pilot bailed out and the plane crashed into their house which activated the shelter's locks (designed not to open for 35 years). She gives birth to a boy whom they name Adam. So Adam grows up being taught and exposed to all culture up to 1962. When the locks open, they're shocked to see how the world has changed they decide to stay inside. However their supplies have run out, so Adam goes out to get some more but gets lost and is helped by a girl called Eve. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Blast From The Past is a romantic comedy about the fallout of falling in love. At its center are two children of the Nuclear Age one a savvy, cynical, modern L.A. woman; the other an innocent, nave young man cocooned since 1962 in a bomb shelter. Brendan Fraser is Adam, a man out of time. Alicia Silverstone is Eve, a woman of her times. When these two polar opposites begin to attract, the result is a wondrous chain reaction. Adam was born in a steel bunker buried in his parent's backyard, an unforeseen product of the "duck-and-cover" era taken to its extreme. The son of brilliant-but-paranoid scientist Calvin Webber (Christopher Walken) and picture-perfect suburban wife Helen (Sissy Spacek), Adam's bizarre upbringing was the result of a major tactical mistake. In the midst of the fearsome Cuban Missile Crisis, the Webbers witnessed a blast they thought must be the Big One, but was actually a plane crashing into their yard.So it was that they ensconced themselves in their elaborately engineered bomb shelter to wait out the half-life of radioactive contamination. For 35 years, Adam was raised on Jackie Gleason re-runs, Perry Como records and dreams about life on the surface. While his father taught him about science, baseball and avoiding Communists, his mother taught him about dancing, manners and charming girls. Meanwhile, he waited and waited for a chance to see the sky. Eve, on the other hand, grew up in a rapidly changing Los Angeles and emerged as a woman suspicious of intentions, savagely smart about survival and pretty darned uncertain about the possibilities of love. Her life has been a series of dead-end jobs, shallow boyfriends and dashed hopes. Now, for the first time, Adam is about to leave the safety of the underground for the overwhelming complexity of the '90s and Eve is about to get a whole new perspective on life. When the time-triggered locks on the Webber's shelter at last open, Adam is sent out to replenish supplies and find a nice, non-mutant girl from Pasadena in order to repopulate the world with upstanding citizens. Adam's hapless search in the brave new world of homeless people, adult book stores and all-night supermarkets leads him smack into Eve. At first, she just can't believe this guy who says "Ma'am," thinks seersucker jackets are stylish, and has never seen color television, is for real. But the more Eve watches Adam approach the world with wide eyes, comic miscomprehension, joyous delight and a deliciously sweet innocence, the more she begins to find herself falling . . . in love? But the question still remains: can these two find happiness in the real world, or will their sparks send Adam back underground? 