nm0003214:

 Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith (2005)761) Three years into the Clone Wars, the Jedi rescue Palpatine from Count Dooku. As Obi-Wan pursues a new threat, Anakin acts as a double agent between the Jedi Council and Palpatine and is lured into a sinister plan to rule the galaxy. Nearly three years have passed since the beginning of the Clone Wars. The Republic, with the help of the Jedi, take on Count Dooku and the Separatists. With a new threat rising, the Jedi Council sends Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker to aid the captured Chancellor. Anakin feels he is ready to be promoted to Jedi Master. Obi-Wan is hunting down the Separatist General, Grievous. When Anakin has future visions of pain and suffering coming Padm's way, he sees Master Yoda for counsel. When Darth Sidious executes Order 66, it destroys most of all the Jedi have built. Experience the birth of Darth Vader. Feel the betrayal that leads to hatred between two brothers. And witness the power of hope. The Jedi Order is on the brink of collapse and Anakin Skywalker no longer believes in the wisdom of his master, Obi-Wan Kenobi. As The Force calls him to decide Padme's fate, Anakin will desperately explore every possibility to save his wife from imminent death in childbirth. Johnny Anakin now a skilled Jedi Knight, turns against his mentor Obi-Wan Kenobi and becomes Darth Vader. Padme Amidala is pregnant and Anakin has visions of her dying in childbirth. The Republican Army must face a destructive war against General Grievous and his army of droids. Emperor Palpatine is rescued by Anakin and Obi-Wan from the evil clutches of Count Dooku. Emperor Palpatine becomes Anakins new mentor after destroying all the Jedi knights and the Droid Army. Steve Shedloski Three years after the events of Episode II, a new threat emerges. The commander of the Droid Army, General Grievous, kidnaps Chancellor Palpatine. The Jedi send Anakin and Obi-Wan to rescue the Chancellor and put an end to the Separatists wrath on the galaxy. But with an unfortunate turn of events, things don't turn out the way they'd envisioned... Anakin's wife Padm is pregnant, but he is having visions of her dying in childbirth. Meanwhile, a Sith Lord is manipulating the Council, Obi-Wan is chasing the robotic separatist leader General Grievous, and Yoda helps the Wookiees defend themselves against the droid armies on Kashyyyk. Will Obi-Wan succeed, will Padm survive, and most importantly: how does Anakin become Darth Vader? Qrrbirbel Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. For three years, The Clone Wars have raged across the galaxy, as Republic and Separatist forces fight for dominance. A crucial battle high over the planet Coruscant, has Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker (Hayden Christensen) and Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor), attempt a daring rescue of Supreme Chancellor Palpatine (Ian McDiarmid) from General Grievous' command ship. upon finding the Chancellor, they encounter Count Dooku (Christopher Lee), who engages the two Jedi. He manages to incapacitate Obi-Wan, but Anakin ends up getting the upper-hand, leading to the Chancellor requesting that Dooku be killed. Anakin hesitates, but eventually decapitates Dooku. The three attempt to escape the ship, before Grievous finds out where they are, and captures them. Bringing them to his ship's bridge, the Jedi thanks to R2-D2), create a diversion, causing Grievous to flee his ship, but also jettison all the escape pods. As the ship begins to plummet into the planet's upper-atmosphere, Anakin attempts a daring crash-landing, that manages to get them back onto the planet, rescuing the Chancellor. After these events, Anakin is reunited with his wife, Padm Amidala (Natalie Portman), who tells him that she is pregnant. Despite Padm's worries over their secret marriage, Anakin is overjoyed at this news, and the couple begin making plans to raise their child. However, Anakin is troubled by visions of Padm dying in childbirth, and the fears of how he was unable to save his mother resurface. Seeking council from Jedi Master Yoda (Frank Oz), Anakin is unwilling to take the master's advice to not develop strong attachments, lest greed lead him to The Dark Side of the Force. Following the meeting, Palpatine meets with Anakin, and requests he be the chancellor's "personal representative" on the Jedi Council. Such an appointment would automatically make Anakin a Jedi Master, but as the council did not make this decision, they reach a compromise: Anakin may sit on the council per the Chancellors wishes, but not be given the rank of Master, leading to Anakin becoming angered at this decision. Following a council meeting wherein it is decided that Yoda is to go to Kashyyk to assist the Wookies in fighting against the Separatists, Anakin is concerned when Obi-Wan tells him off-the-record, that that council wish him to spy on the Chancellor, suspicious of his actions. Anakin appears to accept the request, but grows further disillusioned by the council, asking him to spy on someone he trusts. Anakin grows even more upset when Padme claims she feels the Republic is growing more corrupt, and asks him to talk to the Chancellor to help end the war and resume diplomacy. One evening, Anakin is called to the Coruscant Opera House for a private meeting with the Chancellor, who tells him that they have found General Grievous and the Separatist leaders hiding on the planet Utapau. Palpatine then requests Anakin sit with him, and confides in Anakin, that he believes the Jedi want to overthrow him, and take over the Republic. Anakin attempts to defend the Jedi, but finds himself conflicted. It is then that Palpatine starts telling him about a Sith legend, revolving around Darth Plagueis the Wise, who could use the powers of the Dark Side to save people from dying. This catches Anakin's attention, but Palpatine warns Anakin, that such powers cannot be wielded by a Jedi. Following the news of Grievous' whereabouts, the council decides to send Obi-Wan Kenobi to take on Grievous, going against the Chancellor's recommendation to have Anakin sent. Anakin is at first upset, but after some time to reflect, he sees Obi-Wan off, and apologizes for his frustrations as of late. Obi-Wan confides in his friend that he feels that Skywalker will eventually become a master, but just needs to be patient. Obi-Wan eventually engages General Grievous, and Anakin is sent by the council to tell the news to Palpatine. Upon reaching Palpatine's office, the chancellor then reveals to Anakin that he is a Sith Lord. However, given what Palpatine has told him, Anakin is unable to bring himself to strike down Palpatine, feeling he knows how to save Padme. Anakin then returns to the Jedi Temple, only to find that Obi-Wan has killed Grievous, and Mace Windo (Samuel L Jackson) and other Jedi are going to make sure that the emergency powers the chancellor has, are returned to the Senate...which is when Anakin reveals that Palpatine is a Sith Lord. This news changes Windu's plans, and he orders Anakin to wait in the council chambers until he and the others return. Anakin attempts to stay calm, but figures the Jedi will kill Palpatine...and with him, will go the secret to keeping his wife alive. Jumping in a ship, Anakin returns to the Chancellor's office, only to find Windu holding Palpatine at saber-point. The chancellor attempts to fight off Windu with force-lightning, which the Jedi deflects back on Palpatine, causing his face to take on a hideous visage. Anakin claims Palpatine must stand trial, but Windu is determined to kill the Sith Lord, but not before Anakin intervenes, slicing off Windu's hand, and leading to Palpatine blasting the Jedi Master with force lightning, and throwing him out a nearby window. Reeling from the realization that he attacked one of his superiors, Anakin is unsure what to do, until Palpatine requests he become his apprentice and learn the powers of the Dark Side. Anakin pledges his service to the dark lord, and is then 'knighted,' as Darth Vader. Palpatine then claims that the Jedi must all be destroyed, otherwise they will plunge the Republic into civil war. Anakin is then tasked with destroying those in The Jedi Temple, before going to Mustafar, to destroy the Separatist Leaders and end the war. While Anakin leads an attack on the temple, Palpatine reaches out to clone commanders across the galaxy, executing 'Order 66,' which causes all the clones to turn on their Jedi Generals. Once his dark deeds are finished, Anakin goes to Padme, claiming he saw Mace Windu attempt to kill Palpatine, and claiming that his allegiance now lies with the Chancellor. He then tells Padme he must go to Mustafar, and intends to end the war, once and for all. Senator Bail Organa (Jimmy Smits) happens to see the temple attack, but is turned away by clone troopers. As he attempts to leave, he sees a young Jedi attempt to fight them off, before the troopers kill him. Escaping from the temple, Organa is concerned for the Jedi, and going aboard his ship, heads off into space to see if he can find others. He soon encounters Yoda and Obi-Wan Kenobi, who managed to escape. Yoda claims a retreat signal is also being broadcast from the Jedi Temple, and Obi-Wan recommends they go back there to stop it, to keep any other Jedi from returning and being killed. Upon their return to Coruscant, Bail is requested to attend an emergency meeting of the Congress. While the Yoda and Obi-Wan sneak off to the temple, Bail meets with Amidala in the Senate, where the two hear Palpatine declare that 'the Jedi rebellion has been foiled,' after they attempted to overthrow the Senate. Promising to wipe out the remaining Jedi, Palpatine then declares that the Republic will now be re-organized into The Galactic Empire, much to the horror of Padme and Bail, but to thunderous applause from those around them who believe the Emperor's lies. Back at the temple, Obi-Wan and Yoda have succeeded in infiltrating the ruins, but the massacre of even the temple's Younglings has Obi-wan shaken. After taking care of the code, Obi-Wan finds security hologram footage...and is shaken when he sees Anakin has committed these acts, pledging his fealty to Palpatine. Yoda claims they must destroy the Sith, and goes off to fight Palpatine, leaving Obi-Wan to find Anakin. Obi-Wan goes to Padme, who is unwilling to believe the claims that her husband has turned to the Dark Side, or tell Obi-Wan that she knows where he is. Obi-Wan also senses that Padme is pregnant, but can only apologize for what he knows he must do concerning the baby's father. Meanwhile, Anakin has eliminated the Separatist Leaders per Palpatine's orders. After reporting on these events to Palpatine, the Sith Lord tells his apprentice to have the Separatist's droid units be shut down immediately. After her meeting with Obi-Wan, Padme heads to Mustafar, where she confronts Anakin. Telling of what Obi-Wan explained to her, Anakin claims Obi-Wan is lying, and that he is now powerful enough to not only protect her, but powerful enough that the two of them can rule the galaxy. These words cause Padme to feel Anakin has gone too far, but as she struggles to make him see reason, Anakin sees Obi-Wan aboard her ship, and angrily assumes she brought Kenobi there to kill him! In a blind rage, Anakin attempts to choke his wife, before she passes out. When Anakin claims those not with him are his enemy, Obi-Wan pulls out his lightsaber, and the two begin a fierce duel. Back on Coruscant, Yoda confronts Palpatine. a lightsaber fight ensues, and the two soon find themselves in the Senate chambers, eventually using the senate's pods as weapons, before Yoda realizes the Sith Lord is too powerful to overcome. Using a commlink, Yoda calls for Bail to come to the Senate, and the Jedi Master is saved, but sadly feels he has failed to stop the Sith. Back on Mustafar, the duel between Anakin and Obi-Wan takes them through the Separatist's hideout, then out onto a river of lava. Eventually, Obi-Wan force-jumps onto a nearby hill. When he claims Anakin should not follow, the Sith Apprentice refuses to back down, and attempts to jump over the Jedi. Kenobi takes the chance to slice at Anakin, cutting off his limbs, and send him tumbling down to the edge of the lava river. As Obi-Wan watches, Anakin's clothing catches fire from the river, and the Master's apprentice screams in pain and agony, as Kenobi takes Anakin's saber and leaves, hoping the fires will do what the Jedi Master could not. Some time later, having sensed that his apprentice was in danger, Palpatine arrives on Mustafar. The apprentice is then taken to an Imperial medical facility on Coruscant, where begins the painful task of trying to save Anakin. Meanwhile, Obi-Wan has taken Padme to a distant asteroid, wherein they are met by Yoda and Bail Organa. A medical examination shows Padme appears to be healthy, but seems to have lost the will to live. It is also revealed that she is pregnant with twins, and the medical droids work quickly to save the babies. Padme manages to see each of them, naming them Luke and Leia. Following the births, Padme tells Obi-Wan that she still believes some good exists in Anakin, before she expires. Back on Coruscant, Anakin has been rebuilt into an imposing figure in black, the suit he is now in, the one thing keeping him alive. As he inquires about Padme, Palpatine claims in Anakin's anger, she died. This becomes a bitter blow to the once promising Jedi, who sacrificed everything...but now finds out he has lost everything to his greed. Following Padme's death, her body is returned to Naboo. To keep her children safe, Bail Organa takes Leia to be his adopted daughter on Alderaan, while Obi-Wan takes Luke to his uncle and aunt on Tatooine. Yoda also tells Obi-Wan that while he will watch over Luke, he has training for him to conduct. On Bail's ship, he also leaves C-3PO and R2-D2 in the care of the ship's Captain, telling the loyal crew member to have the protocol droid's mind wiped. On Naboo, a massive funeral is held for the former Queen. On a Star Destroyer, the Emperor and Vader are now supervising the early stages of a super-weapon, called The Death Star. On Alderaan, Bail returns to his wife, and hands her their new, adopted daughter. On Tatooine, Obi-Wan hands Luke over to his uncle and aunt. As he walks off into the desert, the young couple stare at the twin suns rising over their homestead. 
 Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (2016)651) In a time of conflict, a group of unlikely heroes band together on a mission to steal the plans to the Death Star, the Empire's ultimate weapon of destruction. All looks lost for the Rebellion against the Empire as they learn of the existence of a new super weapon, the Death Star. Once a possible weakness in its construction is uncovered, the Rebel Alliance must set out on a desperate mission to steal the plans for the Death Star. The future of the entire galaxy now rests upon its success. Ryan Cullmann As the Rebellion spreads its influence among people, the Galactic Empire builds a super weapon capable of destroying an entire planet. A group of rebels disobeys orders and take a shuttle to go on a mission to steal plans that hide secrets on how to destroy this weapon of mass destruction. In a short time period right before the events of A New Hope, we find ourselves in the middle of a galactic war between the Rebel Alliance and the Empire. With a desperate goal of retrieving the secret plans for the weapon of mass destruction: The Death Star, we follow a group of rebel spies whose hope is to restore peace to the galaxy. henden_jr After the rise of the Galactic Empire in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith (2005) and before the Battle of Yavin in Star Wars (1977) , Rogue One (2016) follows the outcast Jyn Erso and how she came to join the Rebel Alliance. Joining the Alliance, Jyn finds herself in the middle of the ultimate conflict between the Rebels and the Empire: her father Galen has built a terrifying super-weapon: The Death Star, a battle station capable of destroying an entire planet. Will Jyn and the Rebels be able to save her father from the Empire and cripple their super-weapon, or will it be too late? Johnny Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with the traditional text: A LONG TIME AGO IN A GALAXY FAR FAR AWAY... but instantly leaps to the action, omitting the opening crawl. In the early years of the Galactic Empire, we see an Imperial ship landing on the planet Lah'mu. Jyn Erso ( Beau Gadsdon ) sees it and runs to warn her father, Galen Erso ( Mads Mikkelsen ) and mother, Lyra Erso ( Valene Kane ) . Lyra calls Saw Gerrera ( Forest Whitaker ) and tells him that "He's come for us". Galen says goodbye to his daughter and tells her that he loves her, calling her "Stardust", as he heads off alone to face the Empire. Jyn and her mother run to the foothills behind the farmhouse. They stop and Lyra asks Jyn if she knows where to go, meaning that Jyn is to proceed on her own. She then takes off her necklace, which has a clear crystal orb on it, attaches it around Jyn's neck, and as a way of saying goodbye tells her to "Trust the Force". Outside, Galen meets Orson Krennic ( Ben Mendelsohn ), a high-ranking Imperial military officer, who tries to get Galen to come back to work for the Empire. He asks about his family and Galen lies that his wife is dead. When Orson tells his stormtrooper bodyguards to check the house, Lyra appears and draws a weapon on Krennic; they have a standoff. Lyra shoots Krennic, hitting his arm, and is killed. A stormtrooper toy is discovered and Krennic tells his guards to find Galen's daughter (who stayed out of sight but witnesses the incident). Jyn runs away and hides in a prepared bolt-hole under a rock in a cave. Saw Gerrera eventually finds and rescues her. Fifteen years later, in the Ring of Kafrene, an adult Jyn ( Felicity Jones ) is held in a cell. Meanwhile, commanders of the Rebel Alliance, led by Mon Mothma ( Genevieve O'Reilly ), a senator of the Old Republic Senate-turned-Imperial Senate, discuss the Empire's plan to create a giant weapon capable of destroying entire planets. On the planet Jedha, Bodhi Rook ( Riz Ahmed ), a pilot who has defected from the Empire and wants to join the Rebels, arrives and is apprehended by the local forces there. On the planet Wobani, Jyn is being transferred with other prisoners. Suddenly, Rebel forces break in and free them. Wanting to escape, Jyn attacks the Rebels and tries to flee but is stopped by K-2SO (voice: Alan Tudyk ), an Imperial enforcer droid who's been re-purposed to work for the rebellion. On the moon Yavin 4, the location of the Rebel base of operations, Mon Mothma and other Rebel leaders talk to Jyn about her father. She says that she last saw her dad 15 years ago. The Rebels also question her about Saw Gerrera and tell her that he is an extremist causing problems in Jedha. The Rebels say that finding Saw and the captured pilot is paramount to find out what the Empire is plotting. They offer her a deal: find Saw, and she is free to go. As Jyn boards the ship taking her to Jedha with K-2SO and the pilot Cassian Andor ( Diego Luna ), Cassian is told to kill their target (Galen Erso) and not perform any extraction. At Jedha, Bodhi is confronted by Saw, who now has prosthetic legs and uses a supplemental oxygen mask. Saw doesn't believe Bodhi's story and interrogates him harshly, eventually bringing in a Bor Gullet, a tentacled creature that terrifies Bodhi and can apparently read his mind. Aboard an Imperial Star Destroyer, Krennic discusses with Grand Moff Tarkin ( Guy Henry ), the Imperial governor of the outlying areas and overall commander of the Imperial Navy, the "ultimate weapon" they are creating. Krennic urges that they perform a test of the weapon. Meanwhile, Jyn, K-2SO, and Cassian arrive at Jedha. K-2SO is told to wait at the ship, and while Cassian scouts the area, Jyn is approached by Chirrut Imwe ( Donnie Yen ), a blind warrior who notices her necklace and the quality of the stone. Later, when Jyn and Cassian roam the city, they notice snipers and the area quickly erupts into a battle. Rebel and Empire forces fight and, while Jyn and Cassian take care of the stormtrooper, K-2SO arrives and defeats the last set of stormtroopers that arrive on the scene. As they leave the area, they run into another squad of stormtroopers who want to detain them. Chirrut tries asking the stormtroopers to let them go but is attacked by the stormtroopers. Showing excellent skill despite his visual impairment, Chirrut defeats the stormtroopers with a little help from Baze Malbus ( Wen Jiang ), but they are captured by Saw's crew. While Cassian, Chirrut, and Baze are in a cell, they quickly notice that Bodhi is in the cell next door. Jyn is brought directly to Saw. Saw is surprised to see Jyn, but Jyn instantly confronts him about abandoning her when she was 16. Saw replies that he did it to give her her best chance and suspects Jyn of being told to head here to kill him. Jyn says that she wants nothing to do with the rebellion at all. On board the the new weapon, Tarkin makes the decision to test the station's superlaser on Jedha and a course is plotted to go there. Saw shows Jyn a hologram sent by her father. Her father says in the message that he went with the Empire to give the rebels their best chances and that the weapon they were building is called the Death Star. He says that he made a fail-safe in the death star by placing a trap within it that will cause a chain reaction, destroying it. He also apologizes to a tearful Jyn and tells her to fight for him and to finish what he started: "Save the rebellion and save the dream." Suddenly, the Death Star attacks Jedha, firing the station's superlaser onto the surface and destroying millions of square miles. Chirrut, Bodhi, and Baze head to the ship while Cassian gets Jyn. Despite Jyn's help, Saw acknowledges his weakness and tells her to leave him. Everyone else escapes in the ship with K-2SO while Jedha is destroyed and Saw is crushed to death. With their test successful and Jedha gone, the Imperial leaders rejoice. However, Governor Tarkin decides to claim all the credit, shutting out Krennic as director of the project. Tarkin threatens further action against Krennic should he protest against his or the Empire's policies. On the ship, Cassian is secretly given instructions to kill Galen if they find him. The people on the ship discuss Jyn's report of the hologram but, as she left it behind in Jedha, there is no proof to convince the Alliance. She convinces them, however, to head to Eadu to find Galen. On Eadu, an Imperial mining planet with constant darkness and rain, the crew crash-lands their ship. As Cassian and Bodhi head out, Jyn questions Cassian's motives. Upon hearing K-2SO say that Cassian's weapon was in sniper mode, she heads out, followed by Chirrut and Baze. Nearby, at the Eadu Mining Facility, Krennic is interrogating Galen and six other engineers working for the Empire because he believes one of them is secretly working for the rebels. When Krennic threatens to kill everyone, Galen steps forward and confesses. Krennic still kills the other engineers. While this is happening, Cassian has his rifle sights on Galen but, eventually, does not pull the trigger. Meanwhile, Jyn has climbed a long ladder to the platform where Krennic and her father are. Jyn calls out to her father just as rebel forces arrive in X-Wing fighters and cause an explosion and a fight. When she regains consciousness, Jyn finds her father in critical condition. She tearfully reunites with her father before Galen passes away and Cassian pulls her from his body as they head out of Eadu. On the ship, an angry Jyn questions Cassian on his motives and he replies that everyone has lost something for the rebellion, and that she only truly started to care because of her father. Krennic arrives on the planet Mustafar and reports to the Emperor's chief enforcer, Darth Vader ( Spencer Wilding and Daniel Naprous ; voice: James Earl Jones ). Krennic believes he deserves to meet directly with the Emperor to talk about the station's completion and destructive potential. Vader becomes agitated, having heard the reports about Jedha and Eadu, claiming that the space station has begun to cause problems and that utmost secrecy must be maintained. The destruction of Jedha will be attributed to a mining accident and Krennic must investigate further to see if Galen Erso had compromised the security of the station in any way. When Krennic asks if he's still in charge of the project and if Vader will speak to the Emperor, Force-chokes Krennic for a few moments before stalking off. At a meeting back on Yavin 4, the rebel leaders, among them Senator Bail Organa ( Jimmy Smits ) and General Dodonna ( Ian McElhinney ), are doubtful of Jyn's story and her credibility. Jyn proposes to infiltrate the Empire's data storage facility on Scarif and get the plans for the Death Star, ending her argument by saying rebellions are built on hope. She fails to get approval, as Mon Mothma opposes any strike against Scarif and the other rebel leaders agree it's too risky. Senator Organa then leaves to travel back to his homeworld of Alderaan to have a talk with his adopted daughter to try to help and seek out a former Clone War veteran who may help out the Alliance. Outside, Cassian approaches Jyn about the mission -- a dozen other rebel fighters have decided to join them. With their crew in tow, they use the call sign 'Rogue One' and head to Scarif to find the Death Star plans themselves. At Scarif, Bodhi uses his old Imperial passwords to get through the gate in the force field that protects the planet and get permission to land. K-2SO, Jyn, and Cassian head into the facility to get the plans while the other rebels plant explosives around the landing pads on the perimeter of the facility's island atolls. Director Krennic arrives on Scarif around the same time to review transmissions involving Galen Erso as well as Governor Tarkin. The rebels quickly detonate explosives all over the island. With a full-on battle emerging, the rebel fleet arrives -- the leaders had a change of heart. (There's a cameo scene of R2-D2 and C-3PO in which C-3PO comments on the rebels going to battle.) The rebels' first challenge is to slip through the gate in the force field before the Imperial forces close it and block their access to the surface of the planet. In the access room for one of the storage units, Jyn and Cassian enter the data storage area to find and extract the plans to the Death Star while K-2SO stays back by the console to help with the search and guard their backs. While they search for the plans, K-2SO fights off stormtroopers. They eventually identify the plans under the code name of the nickname Jyn's father gave her -- Stardust. When they find the files, K-2SO notes the force field and tells them to deliver the plans by getting the physical media themselves -- it's in a structure that's designed to be accessed by mechanical arms -- and then climbing all the way to the top of the tower to transmit the data. Stormtroopers then overpower him, and K-2SO dies, permanently locking the door to the control room with Jyn and Cassian inside -- where Krennic has spotted them. Outside in the battle, the rebels are able to take down several AT-AT's, and Bodhi manages to find a way to the control switch to turn on communications. He is unable to turn the switch on during the battle, so Chirrut risks his life, walking over to the switch and turns it on. He is, however, shot on the way back and dies in Baze's arms, telling him that he will always be one with the force. In the data storage area, Jyn and Cassian do some dangerous jumping and climbing to grab the cassette holding the Stardust file, but they're intercepted by Director Krennic. Although they take out the stormtroopers and shoot Krennic, the wounded Krennic shoots Cassian (who falls), while Jyn narrowly escapes. Bodhi gets communications working and notifies the fleet that the force field has be be disabled for the information to be transmitted. He is killed by a grenade bomb thrown by a stormtrooper as he finishes. Baze is inspired by Chirrut's sacrifice and fights until he is also killed by a grenade bomb held in the hands of a fallen stormtrooper. Jyn finally makes her way to the top of the tower and sees the command console for transmitting data to the rebels. The console prompts her to re-calibrate the antenna, and she does, not knowing that Krennic is headed up. The tower is hit by shots from a duel between rebel and empire fighters and Jyn nearly falls off. Jyn tries to send the data but is intercepted by Krennic. He claims that she will die and her rebellion will die with her but a surprisingly alive (though heavily injured) Cassian appears and shoots Krennic, who falls. Above the planet, the Rebel fleet engages several Imperial star destroyers. When one is disabled, Admiral Raddus orders a Corvair Hammerhead to force the ship into another star destroyer, which plummets into the gate, deactivating the shield, allowing transmissions off the planet. Jyn starts the transmission, sending the Death Star plans to the Rebels. As the plans are received, the Death Star arrives from hyperspace. Governor Tarkin watches the carnage from the space battle and aims the Death Star at the base on Scarif. While Scarif is about to be destroyed, the Rebel fleet retreats to note the sacrifice of the Rogue One. Jyn and Cassian, having transmitted the plans, hold hands and embrace on a beach as the beam obliterates them and the facility. On board Raddus' ship, the Rebels frantically copy the plans to a data card. The ship is boarded by Darth Vader himself, who ignites his light saber and effortlessly wades through a squad of Rebels trying to stop him, deflecting blaster bolts and using the force to shove them aside. The plans are passed to another rebel soldier behind a jammed hatch. As the last of the squad are massacred, a smaller ship, Tantive IV, is launched and speeds away while Vader looks on. On the Tantive IV, the data card is brought to the bridge by Captain Raymus Antilles, where a familiar figure clad in white receives it: a young Princess Leia ( Ingvild Deila , voice: Carrie Fisher ). When asked what was sent, the Princess only smiles and answers "Hope." Tantive IV jumps to hyperspace. 
 Super 8 (2011)541) During the summer of 1979, a group of friends witness a train crash and investigate subsequent unexplained events in their small town. SPOILER: In the summer of 1979, a group of friends in a small Ohio town witness a catastrophic train crash while making a super 8 movie and soon suspect that it was not an accident. Shortly after, unusual disappearances and inexplicable events begin to take place in town, and the local Deputy tries to uncover the truth - something more terrifying than any of them could have imagined. Official site In the summer of 1979, six friends spend their time making a zombie movie with an 8mm camera. Joe Lamb does the make-up and he takes a liking to Alice Dainard who has only recently joined the group. While filming at the local railway depot, they see one of their teachers, Dr. Woodward, turn his truck onto the track and drive into an oncoming train which derails. As they continue trying to make their film, they realize that an extra-terrestrial was being carried on that train and is now loose in the community. garykmcd Summer, 1979: a group of young friends are filming a Super-8 movie when a pickup truck derails a speeding train. When the locals start to disappear and even the inquisitive deputy can't come up with answers, suspicions emerge that the incident was anything but an accident. As the truth finally begins emerge, no one is prepared to learn what now stalks the unsuspecting citizens of this once quiet community. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts in February of 1979, at a steel plant in Lillian, Ohio. Elizabeth Lamb (Caitriona Balfe) has been killed in an accident. Though their family and friends are sad for her husband, Deputy Jackson Lamb (Kyle Chandler), their main concern is Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney), Elizabeth and Jackson's son. Joe was more attached to his Mom than his Dad, who was never really been there for his son. Later at the Lamb's house, Louis Dainard (Ron Eldard) pays a visit. Jackson blames Louis for his wife's death, and forces him out of the house and puts him in his squad car. As Joe watches his father take Louis away, his gaze shifts to a silver locket in his hand. Four months later, the local Middle School lets out for the summer. Joe's friend Charles (Riley Griffiths) has been shooting a Super 8 film for a film festival in Cleveland. Charles has rewritten the the story so that the detective now has a wife. Joe is unsure about this last-minute rewrite, but when Charles tells him that he has gotten Alice Dainard for the part (Elle Fanning), he becomes less-concerned. The two then promise to rendezvous later that night to film their scene, with plans for Alice to drive them. Arriving home, Joe meets up with his Dad who takes him out for dinner. Jackson Lamb wants his son to attend a baseball camp for the summer, but Joe explains that he wants to help Charles finish his film. Both reach a impasse, having little more to say on the matter. Later that evening, Joe goes to meet Charles and the rest of their crew: Cary (Ryan Lee), Preston (Zach Mills), and Martin (Gabriel Basso). When Alice shows up in her Dad's Buick Skylark, she's concerned that 'the Deputy's Son' knows she's driving without a license. Joe promises not to tell, and Alice reluctantly allows him along for the ride. The group arrives at the Lillian Train Station, where Charles intends to shoot a scene with Martin as the detective of his story, trying to get his wife (aka Alice) to leave because of a zombie infection. Joe is smitten with Alice, who shocks the guys when during the rehearsal, she delivers a performance that brings her to tears. The boys are snapped out of their shock by the sound of an approaching train. Charles demands they start filming again ASAP so they can put the train into their film and increase the 'production value.' As they film the scene of the train thundering past the station, Joe catches sight of a white truck turning onto the tracks. The truck hits the train, causing a massive (and explosive) derailment. The gang runs for cover, and luckily survive the ordeal. Joe hears something pounding loudly on one of the derailed train cars right before the door flies off. Surveying the wreckage, they come across some strange white cubes (Joe takes one), and find the wreckage of the truck. Inside, they find the body of one of their local science teacher, Dr Woodward (Glynn Turman). Joe removes a map from the doctor's hand. Everyone is shocked when he starts talking to them. Pulling a gun, he threatens them and tells them that they are not to tell anyone what they saw. Suddenly, the sound of men approaching the wreck catches their attention. Fearful of being caught, they recover Charles' Super 8 camera, and quickly drive off. In the car, everyone is panicked about what just happened, and Alice says her coming was a mistake. Analysis of the camera the next day reveals that it the lens is broken; however, Charles and Joe drop off the film for development. Joe insists he will help Charles finish the film, offering his Dad's video camera. However, Charles believes that Alice will most likely not want to help them after the night before. Joe goes over to Alice's house to convince her to help them finish the film. Their conversation is interrupted by the arrival of Alice's father (Ron Eldard). He demands that Joe stay away from the family's home and Alice. Seeing that her father is somewhat drunk, she agrees to help Joe and his friends. The gang then goes out to the scene of the train-crash, this time using it as background for their filming. During the filming, Joe notices that the train features Air Force insignia. Later at a restaurant, he peruses the map that Dr. Woodward had in his possession, noting a red line drawn in, snaking across the country. The group is still unsure why Woodward did what he did, but some are of the persuasion it was a failed suicide attempt. Meanwhile, Jackson Lamb has come to the train-wreck site looking for answers. However, none of the clean-up crew or their superior, General Nelec (Noah Emmerich), are willing to tell him anything, other than the cargo and clean-up is not hazardous. Jackson notes the government men picking up strange little white cubes, and making plaster casts of some tire tracks in the ground. The next day, the town devolves into a state of crisis, as Sheriff Pruitt (Brett Rice) goes missing. His wrecked vehicle is found near a gas station, with its windows smashed in and the attendant also missing. Jackson also receives reports of missing people, dogs and electrical equipment. While some report missing household items like microwaves, the oddest thing are missing electrical lines and engines straight out of vehicles. Jackson soon grows concerned when the Military begins to roll into Lillian. Still not receiving answers as to their presence in the town, he receives word from one of the townspeople about a radio frequency that seems to be picking up Military transmissions. Jackson has the other officers tune their radios into the frequency, and soon hears word of something codenamed "Operation: Walking Distance." Shortly after hearing the transmission, Jackson encounters Alice's father Louis, who tells Jackson to keep Joe away from Alice. Upset at hearing this, Jackson tracks down Joe, and takes back his movie camera as well. Jackson finds the Military moving stuff out of Dr Woodward's home. Finding General Nelec at the site, Jackson again demands answers. When he doesn't get any, he mentions 'Operation: Walking Distance.' This causes Nelec to agree to meet with Jackson later on that evening at a nearby airfield. Taking him home, Jackson demands that Joe keep away from the Dainards, but Joe claims that Alice isn't like her father, and that she's nice. The two once again reach a wordless impasse, before Jackson storms out of the house. He then goes to the airfield to meet with General Nelec, only to be placed under arrest and locked away. Joe heads over to the cemetery after this, where he sits at the headstone of his Mother's grave. While there, he hears some loud scraping and noises coming from a garage near the tombstones. Returning to his room later on, he is surprised when Alice appears. As they sit and talk, Alice asks Joe about the locket she's seen him carrying around. He claims it belonged to his Mother, and they retrieved it after her accident. Alice also finds Joe has a projector set up, and sees he has been watching home movies of his Mom from when he was younger. Alice tells Joe that she is sorry for the pain her Dad caused, and feels he really is not all bad. Joe tells that he also does not feel any ill will towards her Dad, when their attention is drawn to the strange white cube Joe picked up at the crash site. As they watch, it begins to vibrate, before shooting through a nearby wall, leaving a hole behind. Alice then heads home, only to find her father drunk and smoking in their living room. Disgusted by her father's behavior, she rushes out and gets on her bike. Louis drunkenly follows in his car, but ends up crashing it. As Alice is unsure what to do, a she turns to see a large creature that causes her to scream. Louis attempts to get free of his wrecked car, but finds Alice and the creature gone. The next day, Joe and Charles go to pick up the developed Super 8 film, but Charles is rather upset and cryptic towards Joe. When they finally get to Joe's place and watch the film, Charles explains that he is upset that Joe and Alice seem to be getting along and liking each other. The reason Charles cast Alice in the film, was because HE actually liked her. As they examine the film, their thoughts become turned when they see parts of a strange creature emerging from one of the wrecked train cars. As they wonder what it was they just saw, air raid sirens begin to go off. They emerge outside to find the town being evacuated, with everyone being asked to report to the local Military base. Word is that a dangerous fire is headed towards Lillian, and could cause terrible damage if it reaches the town's chemical plant. Joe and Charles get on a bus, and are transported to the base. There, Charles is reunited with his family, while Joe goes to look for his Dad. However, he instead finds Louis, who tells Joe that he saw Alice being taken away by a creature, but nobody believes him. Joe then rounds up Charles and their friends, with the intent to get back into town and rescue Alice. Bribing the town's camera-store owner to help them, he manages to get them into town. They first go to the Middle School. Dr Woodward had a specially padlocked storage area behind the school where he hid confiscated items from his class. Joe assumes that there may be additional information relating to his past, and the group finds numerous films, tapes, and records stored in there as well, that could help them find out more about the creature and how to possibly defeat it. Breaking into the school, they use a film projector in one of the classrooms. Through the materials, they learn that the creature is subterranean, and mainly wants to just go home. However, General Nelec was more intent on keeping the creature for Army purposes. They also found its ship contained technology that when disassembled, 'shattered' into the little white cubes that the group saw at the crash site. Due to Woodward's interactions with the creature, he was able to gain a telepathic link to it, and notes in his findings that due to the hostilities directed towards it, it has grown hostile in nature to humans as well. The boys soon hear noises in the school, and are soon found by Nelec and his men. The group confiscates the items, as well as Joe's Mom's locket. The boys are put on a Military bus and are headed back to the base when the creature attacks the bus. The boys manage to escape while the creature attacks the other Military Officers and kills General Nelec. In the aftermath, Joe is able to obtain his Mom's locket. Meanwhile, Jackson has managed to escape his captors, and after creating a diversion, gets to the other base where the townspeople are being kept. He finds one of Joe's friends there, and after hearing of Joe's plans to rescue Alice, finds her father and takes him along. On their journey to the town, Louis explains that he came to the Lamb's house after the funeral to apologize. Jackson also admits that he knows that Louis is sorry, and quietly forgives him. The boys meanwhile, have made it back into town, but suddenly find themselves in the middle of a war zone, as tanks and other Military weaponry are going haywire, firing random shots and destroying property. As the boys attempt to escape, Martin is injured. Charles stays behind to tend to his wounds, as Joe and Cary rush off to the cemetery. Joe tells Cary about the strange things he saw and heard from the garage. Breaking down a door, they find a large hole, dug down several stories deep. Climbing down, they see it leads up to several other places. Eventually, they come across the creature's lair under the town's water tower, which houses all sorts of mechanical parts, including the missing items from the townspeople. As they watch, they see several people strung from the ceiling, including the missing Sheriff, as well as Alice. Before they can rescue her, they catch a glimpse of the creature, who is eating the limb of another human! Fearful that Alice might be next, Joe directs Cary to create a distraction using the fireworks in his backpack. This causes the distraction that Joe needs as the creature heads down the tunnel towards the loud sounds. Joe manages to save Alice, as well as the Sheriff and a woman with rollers in her hair. As they rush to find a way out, they encounter Cary, who thought he was heading towards an exit. Suddenly, the creature comes up behind them, snatching the Sheriff and the other woman into the darkness. Joe, Alice, and Cary run but are soon at a dead end. The creature has them cornered, but Joe stands before it, reasoning with it. The creature acts hostile at first, but even in the face of its bizarre appearance, Joe does not react hostilely like the previous treatment it has known. Suddenly, a sound is heard deep in the cave near the creature's lair, and it puts Joe down before returning. The three return to the surface and congregate near the water tower. As they do, all sorts of mechanical objects in the area become magnetized to the water tower's top area. Truck trailers nearby that also contained the recovered white cubes burst open, and the cubes begin to form around the edges of the water tower as well. During the spectacle, Jackson and Louis come across their children, and both families reconcile as the creature ascends the water tower. As they watch, the locket in Joe's pocket attempts to fly away. Joe catches it, and we see what was inside it the whole time: a picture of Joe's Mom and him as a baby. Joe finally 'lets go' of his Mom, and the locket flies up to the magnetized water tower, where the metallic objects and the white cubes morph into a spaceship. The creature climbs aboard, as the top of the water tower disappears, raining down its watery contents on the people below. Everyone watches as the ship ascends into the sky. As they do, Joe and Alice hold each other's hands. They and their families have reconciled over their past differences, but who knows what the future will bring? -Extras over the Film Credits* Over the film's credits, we see that Charles has completed his movie, titled 'The Case.' The Super 8 film consists of a detective investigating a rash of zombie appearances that seem linked to a company called 'Romero Chemicals.' The head of the company denies any wrong-doing, but the detective feels something is amiss. He attempts to send his wife away to keep her safe, but she refuses. While at the train station, they witness a train derailment (the footage captured on their camera replaced by model trains from Joe's collection). The detective soon encounters a doctor who has an antidote to the zombie disease, but only enough for one person. As he attempts to administer it to a captured zombie, the detective watches as the zombie bites into the doctor. After killing the zombified Doctor, the detective returns home, only to find his wife has become a zombie! He stabs her in the neck with the antidote. It appears that it has not worked, and he prepares to kill his wife. However, suddenly she returns to normal, and the two embrace. A final shot shows Charles in a suit and smoking a pipe, thanking the audience for watching, and considering them for the Cleveland film festival...before Alice pops into frame in her zombie make-up, 'terrorizing' the camera lens. 
 Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi (2017)541) The Star Wars saga continues as new heroes and galactic legends go on an epic adventure, unlocking mysteries of the Force and shocking revelations of the past. Jedi Master-in-hiding Luke Skywalker unwillingly attempts to guide young hopeful Rey in the ways of the force, while Leia, former princess turned general, attempts to lead what is left of the Resistance away from the ruthless tyrannical grip of the First Order. Danny Moniz Continuing where Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens (2015) left off, Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi (2017) sees The Resistance striving to stay ahead of The First Order. Rey seeks guidance from Jedi-in-hiding Luke Skywalker so she can learn the ways of The Force, and defected storm-trooper FN-2187 (Finn) will have his faith in The Resistance tested as his past with The First Order comes to haunt not only him, but also threatens the very foundations of the galaxy's future. Johnny Following the battle of Starkiller Base, General Leia Organa leads Resistance forces to flee D'Qar when a First Order fleet arrives. Poe Dameron leads a costly counterattack that destroys a First Order dreadnought, but after the Resistance escapes to hyperspace, the First Order tracks them and attacks the Resistance convoy. Kylo Ren, Leia's son, hesitates to fire on the lead Resistance ship after sensing his mother's presence, but his wing-men destroy the bridge, killing most of the Resistance leadership and incapacitating Leia, who survives by using the Force. Disapproving of new leader Vice Admiral Holdo's passive strategy, Poe helps Finn, BB-8, and mechanic Rose Tico embark on a secret mission to disable the First Order's tracking device.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening crawl from this latest film 'Star Wars, Episode VIII: The Last Jedi' reads that the First Order is plotting to seize military control of the galaxy. A team of Resistance fighters led by General Leia Organa (Carrie Fisher) are planning an evacuation from their main base as Supreme Leader Snoke's (Andy Serkis) forces are coming for them. The Resistance holds out hope that Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) will return to bring hope. The opening scene shows Poe Dameron (Oscar Isaac) and the droid BB-8 are flying over the First Order's dreadnought as General Hux (Domhnall Gleeson) orders his men to fire upon Poe and the Resistance's base. Other fighters head in for the attack. Poe orders a fighter, Paige (Veronica Ngo), to drop the payload onto the dreadnought. The fighters take heavy hits, and Paige is knocked away from her remote. With mere moments before the First Order obliterates the Resistance, Paige is able to grab the remote and drop all their bombs down on the dreadnought, completely destroying it at the cost of her life. The rest of the fighters go into hyperspace to escape. Aboard the First Order ship, a hologram of Snoke reprimands Hux for failing to stop the evacuation. Kylo Ren (Adam Driver) enters the meeting. Snoke notes that, in spite of Kylo killing his father, Han Solo, he may still turn to the light side of the Force. Although Kylo protests, Snoke doesn't have faith in him. On his way down the elevator, Kylo smashes his helmet to pieces in rage. Meanwhile, former storm trooper Finn (John Boyega) wakes up from his coma after his light-saber battle with Kylo. Poe finds him and is happy to see him. The first thing Finn asks is for Rey (Daisy Ridley). Rey has just arrived on the planet Ahch-To with Chewbacca (Joonas Suotamo) and R2-D2 (Jimmy Vee) on the Millenium Falcon to find Luke. She hands him his light-saber, but he just callously tosses it over his shoulder. Confused, Rey follows Luke, but he doesn't want to see her or know who she is and why she has sought him out. She tells him that Leia sent her to find him. Chewie breaks down the door to Luke's hut. Luke then asks Chewie where Han is. Leia demotes Poe as a result of his actions with the dreadnought. Moments later, the First Order ship catches up to the Resistance after tracking their hyper-speed. The First Order deploys their TIE fighters to attack. Kylo flies in in his own TIE fighter and prepares to launch the killing strike against the Resistance leaders, but he pulls back after sensing Leia on board. The other TIE fighters fire upon them, causing a blast that sucks the rebel leaders into space to their deaths. Leia pulls herself back to the ship using the Force, but she goes unconscious. Rey and Kylo begin to feel a connection in which they can see and communicate with each other. With Luke still not wanting to have anything to do with the Force or the Jedi, R2 plays him Leia's original message to Obi-Wan Kenobi to persuade Luke to help (from the first Star Wars film 'A New Hope'). Luke senses Rey's power and eventually agrees to give her lessons in the way of the Jedi and why it must end. With Leia out of commission, Vice Admiral Holdo (Laura Dern) assumes command of the Resistance. Meanwhile, Finn attempts to hop on an escape pod. He is found by mechanic Rose Tico (Kelly Marie Tran), who is mourning Paige, her sister. Rose is a big fan of Finn, seeing him as a Resistance hero. However, she zaps him with her taser when she realizes he's trying to escape. Finn notes that the First Order is tracking them through hyper-speed, and they can't make another jump because they are dangerously low on fuel, and the First Order will find them anyway. With Poe's help, they contact Maz Kanata (Lupita Nyong'o) for assistance, but she is in the middle of a fierce battle. She does tell them that she knows a code-breaker on Canto Bight that can help them, and they need to find him wearing a particular symbol. Rey's first lesson sees Luke attempting to show her to feel the Force and control it. Rey is able to see visions and manipulate small pebbles as she achieves balance. However, she soon sees a vision of herself being pulled toward a dark pit, with Luke trying to break her out of it. The pit spews water and snaps Rey out of the vision. Luke says she saw the dark side of the Force, and she didn't even try to stop herself. He tells her he has seen something like this once before, and it didn't scare him then as it does now. This is why he considers the ways of the Jedi to be a failure. Finn, Rose, and BB-8 arrive at a casino on Canto Bight. Finn is impressed with the glitz and wealth of the casino, but Rose hates the place because only the weapons dealers who sell to the Empire are rich enough to gamble there. It is also home to a number of rotten people who take pleasure in misdeeds, including cruelty to giant but gentle creatures called fathiers that are forced to race, and enslaved children who live with them in the stables as caretakers. The trio finds the Master Codebreaker (Justin Theroux) playing at a table, but the heroes get captured and thrown into a jail cell for illegally parking their ship. In their cell, Finn and Rose meet a stuttering scoundrel named DJ (Benicio Del Toro). He overhears the two of them needing a code-breaker, and he offers his services. DJ manages to open their cell and helps them escape, and they climb down to the stable. Rose, fascinated by the beautiful fathiers, stops to free one from its stable and finds a small boy inside. Frightened, he nearly pushes a panic button but Rose shows him her ring with the Resistance's symbol. They fight guards on the way out with the help of BB-8 and ride the fathiers as they stampede through the casino to get away. Finn and Rose's ship is destroyed but BB-8 and DJ bring them another one to make their escape. Luke mentions that the last time he saw Kylo Ren as his student, he had attempted to kill him by collapsing his hut on him. As Rey and Kylo continue to connect, Kylo tells Rey that Luke saw the power growing in Kylo and had attempted to get rid of him before he got stronger. Holdo starts to set in motion plans to evacuate the Resistance ship to a nearby Resistance stronghold, the planet Crait. Poe believes she is doing something wrong, and he attempts to stage a mutiny. Before his plans can go into effect, Leia appears after waking up and she incapacitates Poe. Leia allows Holdo's plan to go ahead. Rey confronts Luke over what Kylo told him. They engage in a brief fight before she asks if he really tried to kill Kylo. Luke explains that he sensed nothing but great darkness in Kylo, with no hope of him turning back. He did consider killing him but backed out of it, only for Kylo to see him with the light-saber and respond with a counterattack. Rey decides to leave Ahch-To with Chewie and R2. Luke walks by the tree containing sacred Jedi texts when he is met by a familiar face...YODA (voice of Frank Oz). He destroys the tree with a lightning bolt, to Luke's dismay. Yoda's spirit tells Luke to help Rey before she is also lost to the dark side. Luke considers himself a failure, but, in the words of Yoda, "The greatest teacher, failure is." Meanwhile, Finn, Rose, and DJ make it to the First Order's ship. Unfortunately, they are captured by Captain Phasma (Gwendolyn Christie) and her goons, with DJ having told the villains Finn and Rose's plan in order to gain monetary compensation. At the same time, Rey arrives on the same ship and is taken prisoner by Kylo Ren. Kylo brings Rey to Snoke. Rey tries to get Kylo to abandon the dark side, but Snoke taunts Rey as she tries to fight back. Snoke reveals that he created the connection between her and Kylo in an attempt to destroy Luke. Snoke attempts to get Kylo to kill Rey with his light-saber, but Kylo uses Luke's light-saber to impale Snoke and cut him in half. Rey and Kylo then fight Snoke's soldiers and slaughter them all. Kylo, now fully taken over by the dark side, tries to get Rey to join him, but she refuses and tries to get him on the Resistance side. Kylo attempts to manipulate Rey when mentioning her parents. Despite her trying to forget, her parents were just junk traders who sold her off. Rey eventually resists and leaves to rejoin the Resistance while Kylo assumes his role as the new Supreme Leader. As the Resistance fighters are making their way to Crait, Hux's men start to fire upon the transports, killing heavy numbers of the Resistance. Seeing no other option, Holdo sacrifices herself and rams the command ship at light-speed into the First Order ship, splitting it in two and destroying other nearby ships. BB-8, having escaped the villains' clutches, commandeers a AT-AT armored Walker to fire upon the First Order soldiers. Finn and Rose prepare to escape, but Finn battles Phasma until he overpowers her. She tells him he was always scum, to which he proudly responds, "Rebel scum." The ship starts to come apart, and Phasma falls into the burning wreckage. Finn and Rose head off to meet the others on Crait. The surviving Resistance fighters have dwindled to a few dozen or so. Kylo and Hux lead gigantic walkers to the Resistance stronghold, armed with a battering ram cannon that will obliterate the entrance. Poe leads Finn, Rose, and a few others on speeders to fight back. Rey and Chewie come down with the Falcon to draw away TIE fighters while Finn attempts to stop the cannon. He nearly flies head on until Rose crashes her ship into his to stop him. Finn goes to her and asks why she did it. She tells him they always fight for what they love. She kisses him and then passes out. Finn rushes back to the stronghold to get Rose medical attention. The First Order fires their cannon onto the stronghold. Poe and Leia appear hopeless with most of their comrades dead and their own doom approaching. Suddenly, Leia is visited by Luke. The two siblings have a final meeting, with Luke saying that "Nobody is ever truly gone." Luke goes out to face the First Order. Kylo orders the soldiers to fire everything on Luke where he stands. Even after the insane amount of firepower unleashed on Luke, he still stands and coolly brushes his shoulder off. Poe realizes Luke is distracting the villains to allow them to escape. The fighters follow crystal wolves to an exit, only to be blocked by a huge pile of rocks. Kylo goes down to face Luke himself. They duel with their light-sabers, and Kylo attempts to strike Luke with a killing blow, only to realize Luke is a hologram... projecting himself while still on Ahch-To. Luke tells Kylo that he will not be the last Jedi. At that moment, Rey uses the Force to clear the way for the fighters. She and Finn embrace. Kylo screams in rage at his defeat as the heroes board the Falcon and escape. On Ahch-To, Luke finishes using what power he had left. He looks up and sees a twin sunset, just like back on Tatooine. He smiles, and then, he vanishes, now completely becoming one with the Force. Rey tells Leia that she has sensed that Luke is now gone, and she asks what will become of the Resistance now. Leia tells her they have what they need to rebuild. On Canto Bight, a trio of stable children that previously encountered Finn and Rose are telling each other the story of Luke Skywalker. Their master comes over to scold them to force them back to work. The boy they had found in the stable goes outside to sweep. He looks up at the sky to see the Falcon flying overhead, and, with Rose's Resistance ring on his finger, he raises his broom like a light-saber. The film closes with the words, "In loving memory of our princess, Carrie Fisher." 