nm0005281:

 Halloween H20: 20 Years Later (1998)761) Laurie Strode, now the dean of a Northern California private school with an assumed name, must battle the Shape one last time, as the life of her own son hangs in the balance. Twenty years after Michael Myer's massacre in Haddonfield, Laurie Strode faked her own death, traveled to California, and took on the identity Keri Tate. Michael discovers Laurie's new identity and travels to California to kill his sister. Laurie must now take on her brother with her son's life at risk. ahmetkozan It's been two blood-stained decades since the events of Halloween (1978) , and now, the suffocating stranglehold of Michael Myers, the unstoppable killing machine, tightens around traumatised Laurie Strode. Living in fear, under a new identity, Laurie is now the headmistress of Hillcrest Academy, unbeknownst to her that the masked serial killer has already found her whereabouts, hell-bent on finishing what he has started. Now, there is no turning back, and this time, Laurie must summon up the courage to stand up for herself, and look death in the eye. But, has Laurie what it takes to destroy Michael, the right hand of evil? Nick Riganas On Halloween in 1963, Michael Myers murdered his sister, Judith. In 1978, he broke out to kill his other sister, Laurie Strode. He killed all of her friends, but she escaped. A few years later, she faked her death so he couldn't find her. But now, in 1998, Michael has returned and found all the papers he needs to find her. He tracks her down to a private school where she has gone under a new name with her son, John. And now, Laurie must do what she should have done a long time ago and finally decided to hunt down the evil one last time. Will Seventh movie in the series and the first to star Jamie Lee Curtis as her character since Halloween 1 and 2. It is 1998 and 20 years after Michael Myers's attack on his unknowing sister Laurie Strode. Since then Laurie has lived with the danger of Michael tracking her down again and therefore faked her death in a car crash and reinvented herself as Keri Tate, the head-mistress of an executive school. However, she is having trouble with the drink, keeps having nightmares featuring Michael and keeps having run-ins with her rebellious teenage son, John, who doesn't believe that Michael is alive. Some of the kids decide to have a Halloween party and Laurie comes out and tells the truth to her boyfriend, teacher Will. However, somebody searches through the papers of recently deceased Dr. Loomis and finds that the info on Laurie's whereabouts are stolen. Michael has found Laurie and people start to disappear during the party. But this time Laurie is not going to run and stays to fight the madman whose trying to complete a job that has taken nearly 20 years so far... Lee Horton <Leeh@tcp.co.uk> Laurie Strode (from Halloween I and II) is now the head mistress at a prestigious private school, which is attended by her 17 year-old son. On the 20th anniversary of the events that occurred in Halloween I, Laurie begins having nightmares, flashbacks, and visions of her evil brother, Michael Myers, coming to kill her. Myers shows up at the school on Halloween night, setting the stage for a "final" battle between Myers and Strode. Chris R. Gordon Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Marion Whittington (Nancy Stephens)--formerly Marion Chambers--returns home to find that her house has been broken into. She goes to her neighbors and phones the police, but her teenage neighbor insists on investigating her house. After getting the all-clear, Marion goes in and finds that her office has been ransacked; she was responsible for taking care of Dr. Sam Loomis, now deceased, and she discovers that the file she kept on Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) has been stolen. Marion feels as if she's not alone in the house. Rushing next door, she finds her teenage neighbors murdered, and Michael Myers appears, wearing a trademark white mask. Michael stalks and kills Marion, then gets into a car and drives off just as the police arrive to investigate the break-in, discovering the bodies. Laurie has relocated to California. She is now known as Keri Tate, headmistress of a small private prep school. Laurie has a teenage son named John (Josh Hartnett), and the two of them live on campus with the rest of the students. Laurie still struggles with the events of Halloween night 1978, when Michael Myers stalked her and killed those around her. As a means to escape her past, she faked her death and has been living under her assumed identity of Keri ever since. Her past trauma, as well as the stress of living under false pretense, has turned her into a functioning alcoholic. She is also heavily dependent on medication for her emotional condition. Laurie has a secretary named Norma (Janet Leigh) who dotes on her like a parent, and notices how Laurie gets particularly shaken around Halloween. Laurie's boyfriend, Will Brennan (Adam Arkin) is a guidance counselor at the school, and the two of them share a semi-discreet relationship. But Laurie's relationship with John is becoming strained; she is overprotective of him and refuses to allow him much freedom. He is to stay within the locked school grounds at all times, and she denies him the right to attend an annual school camping trip to Yosemite, which is on Halloween. John's girlfriend Molly (Michelle Williams) also stays behind due to some problems with her tuition. Their friends Charlie (Adam Hann-Byrd) and Sarah (Jodi Lyn O'Keefe) also fabricate reasons to stay behind so that the four of them can celebrate Halloween together on the near-deserted campus. John and Charlie convince the school's security guard, Ronny (LL Cool J) to open the gate and let them out so that they can walk into town and shoplift a bottle of wine for their party. Laurie meets Will for lunch in town and opens up to him a little, acknowledging that she's been unable to deal with something in her past. While he's in the men's room, Laurie chugs her glass of wine and orders another, hurrying the waiter so that Will won't realize she's had two instead of just one. On her way back to the school, Laurie sees John and Charlie walking down the street and becomes enraged that John has left the school grounds. John also gets angry at Laurie, asserting himself and telling Laurie that she needs to accept the fact that Michael Myers is dead. Laurie drives Charlie and John back to school and scolds Ronny for allowing the boys to get out. Meanwhile, Michael Myers has arrived at the school. He follows Laurie downtown and lurks outside the school later, staring in at Molly as she sits in Laurie's literature class. Laurie addresses the students before they leave for Yosemite and lectures them to be on their best behavior. Afterwards she surprises John by telling him she's changed her mind and she will allow him to go with the others. Since he has already made plans with Molly, Charlie and Sarah, he stays behind anyway without Laurie's knowledge. That night, Michael Myers slips onto the grounds of the school by distracting Ronny at the gate. Ronny is unharmed but knows something is wrong. John and his friends get ready to eat dinner together when Charlie goes off in search of a corkscrew. Sarah follows him, and they are both murdered by Michael Myers. Will and Laurie carve a pumpkin together and Laurie tells him that she is not Keri Tate and that her real name is Laurie Strode. Will thinks she is joking when she tells him that her brother killed her sister with a kitchen knife, and that years later he came after her. Will eventually realizes she's telling the truth and wonders how old Laurie was at the time. She tells him she was 17, then suddenly realizes that John has just turned 17 as well. Her sense of panic sets in and she tries to call John; the phones are dead. She immediately goes to her bedroom and retrieves a gun, discovering John's camping gear in his closet; she now knows John never left for Yosemite. Ronny appears at the front door and tells them that there is a strange car parked in the driveway. They decide to search for John and the others. Meanwhile, John and Molly get restless and search for Charlie and Sarah, finding Sarah's body hanging from a light fixture. Michael Myers appears and gives chase, and they flee back to John's residence. Myers corners them in a doorway blocked by a gate. Laurie and Will open the door and let the kids inside just barely in time before Myers can get inside the gate; Laurie and Michael stare at each other momentarily through the door's tiny window. Before Laurie can get her gun, Myers disappears. Laurie puts John and Molly in a room and locks it, while she and Will look for Myers in the hallway. Will sees a shadow and thinks it is Myers, grabbing Laurie's gun and shooting. It is really Ronny; Will has shot him in the head. As they panic about the mistake, Myers appears and stabs Will to death, chasing Laurie down the hallway. She hits him over the head with a fire extinguisher and runs off with John and Molly. They make it to their vehicle and Laurie drives off to the front gate. Before she drives off, Laurie has a sudden moment of revelation. Instead of running, she sends John and Molly off and closes the gate behind them, breaking the mechanism that opens it. She then grabs a fire axe and sets out looking for Michael. She finds him back in the school and the two of them stalk each other, wounding each other with the axe and various knives. Finally Laurie stabs Michael several times in the chest, sending him hurtling over a balcony into the mess hall. He seems dead, but Laurie knows better. Help arrives at the school; John and Molly have sent the police. Ronny is alive, the bullet having just grazed his head. Laurie's wounds have been bandaged, and she sees the coroner carrying Michael's body on a stretcher. She knows ultimately he will return, and that she must make sure he's dead once and for all, so she steals a policeman's gun and forces the medics at gunpoint to load Michael into a nearby van. Laurie takes off at high speed. While she drives down the mountainous road, Myers begins to reanimate and pulls himself out of the body bag. Laurie slams on the brakes and sends him through the windshield, driving into him with the van. The van plunges over the hillside and both Laurie and Michael are thrown from it. Michael gets the worst of the deal; the van slams into his body and pins it against a fallen tree. Laurie finds the fire axe and approaches Michael, who is still alive, but helpless. She calls to him and he looks up at her, mute but seemingly asking her for help. Laurie reaches out for him, their fingertips touching briefly, and she feels pity for Michael. Suddenly her rage wells up inside her, and she decapitates Michael with a single blow. 
 Whatever It Takes (2000)66) A modern-day remake of the Cyrano DeBergerac tale. Ryan (Shane West) is a bit of a geek with eyes for the school sex bomb, Ashley (Jodi Lyn O'Keefe), which induces cringing in his neighbor and best friend, Maggie (Marla Sokoloff), a cute intellectual girl. But popular jock Chris (James Franco) has his eye on Maggie, and he offers to help Ryan win Ashley if Ryan will help Chris with Maggie. So begins a two-headed variation on Cyrano de Bergerac; Ryan composes soulful e-mails for Chris, and Chris advises Ryan to treat Ashley like dirt, which seems to be the only way to get her attention. At first, neither finds it easy to change their ways; Chris comes on too strong, and Ryan is too nervous to be a jerk. But as they start to succeed, Ryan begins to see Maggie in a new light and wonders if he's pursuing the right girl. He realizes Ashley is not meant for him, and tries to convince Maggie about Chris's affection for her. Maggie is reluctant to take him "back" at first, but then realizes Ryan has a change of heart. Anonymous Ryan's dreams for catching the eye of the 'goddess of the high school hallway' has a chance of becoming true when her cousin (Chris) offers to make him a deal. All he has to do is help Chris to win the heart of his best friend, the beautiful enigmatic Maggie. This sparks off a damned cute comedy as 'boy helps boy to get girl' Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Best friends and neighbors, Ryan Woodman and Maggie Carter, are four weeks away from the prom, and they've agreed to go together if they don't have real dates. Then Chris, a cool guy from the football team, offers to help Ryan connect with Ashley, a popular blond. In exchange, a la Cyrano, Chris needs Ryan's help to get close to Maggie. Ryan makes the deal, helps the dastardly Chris play Maggie, takes advantage of Ashley's lack of self-esteem, loses his values, makes fun of his geeky friends, and falls in Maggie's estimation. Maggie is fooled by Chris, poised to be his next score. Before prom night is over, with its Titanic theme, will Ryan stop sinking? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Ryan's dreams for catching the eye of the 'goddess of the high school hallway' has a chance of becoming true when her cousin (Dunleavy) offers to make him a deal. All he has to do is help Dunleavy to win the heart of his best friend, the beautiful enigmatic Maggie. This sparks off a damned cute comedy as 'boy helps boy to get girl' Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> A modern-day version of the Cyrano De Bergeac tale in which geekish high school student Ryan Woodman, likes the popular Ashley Grant, but does not have the nerve to express his feelings for her. Ashley's cousin, football jock Chris Campbell, coaches Ryan on courting Ashley in exchange for Ryan giving him help on how to win the heart of Ryan's platonic next-door neighbor Maggie Carter in time for the senior prom which has the doomed ship 'Titanic' as its theme. Matt Patay It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Prison Break (20052017)981) Due to a political conspiracy, an innocent man is sent to death row and his only hope is his brother, who makes it his mission to deliberately get himself sent to the same prison in order to break the both of them out, from the inside. An innocent man is framed for the homicide of the Vice President's brother and scheduled to be executed at a super-max penitentiary, thus it's up to his younger brother to save him with his genius scheme: install himself in the same prison by holding up a bank and, as the final month ticks away, launch the escape plan step-by-step to break the both of them out, with his full-body tattoo acting as his guide; a tattoo which hides the layout of the prison facility and necessary clues vital to the escape. filipfilipovich@hotmail.com After his brother is wrongly accused of murder and sent to death row, Michael Scofield will do anything he can to alter the wrongdoing even if it means getting himself sent to prison to break his brother out and picking up some unlikely friends on the way. Lincoln Burrows (Dominic Purcell) has been framed for the murder of the Vice Presidents brother, and is now awaiting execution on death row. Lincolns brother, Michael Scofield (Wentworth Miller), makes it his mission to deliberately get sent to the same prison as his brother, and break him out before his execution. Lincoln Burrows is convicted of a murder he did not commit, and now he is awaiting his execution on Fox River Prison. Michael Schofield, his only brother will do anything to get him out. By deliberately causing a crime that will get Michael put on the same prison as his brother, he plans to break them both out. From the inside. This drama focuses on a prison designer who gets himself thrown into one of his own prisons to help his falsely accused brother escape death row. Described as in the vein of The Great Escape (and also compared to "24" due to its compressed time frame and season-length plot-line), the series will unfold over 22 episodes, charting the course of a single break. ahmetkozan Follow Lincoln Burrows is currently on death row and scheduled to die in a few months for an assassination his younger brother Michael is convinced he did not commit. With no other options and time winding down, Michael takes drastic measures to get himself incarcerated alongside his brother in Fox River State Penitentiary. Once he's inside, Michael - a structural engineer with the blueprints for the prison - begins to execute an elaborate plan to break Lincoln out and prove him innocent. When Michael arrives at Fox River State Penitentiary, he meets the prison denizens who will, unknowingly, help in his escape plans - his cellmate, the lovelorn Sucre; beautiful prison doctor Dr. Sara Tancredi, who happens to be the governor's daughter; former mob boss John Abruzzi; and Warden Henry Pope. Meanwhile, outside the prison walls, the brothers' childhood friend and Lincoln's lost love, attorney Veronica Donovan, works within the law to free them; Lincoln's teenage son LJ may be going down a path similar to his convicted father's; and Secret Service Agent Paul Kellerman's investigation into Lincoln's case proves that there may be a national conspiracy. ahmetkozan Lincoln Burrows is on death row for the murder of the vice president's brother. He insists he's innocent and only his brother Michael Scofield believes him. As an engineer who helped design the prison where Lincoln is being held, Michael takes drastic measures to help his brother. He gets himself arrested and sent to the same prison so that with his knowledge of the building the two of them can escape together. However, while inside, Michael discovers a massive conspiracy that is determined to see Lincoln's sentence carried out. Breaking out will be more difficult than he thought, but he's still going to try. rmlohner Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Season 1 The first season follows the rescue of Lincoln Burrows (Dominic Purcell), who is accused of murdering Terrence Steadman (Jeff Perry), the brother of the Vice President of the United States. Lincoln is sentenced to death and is incarcerated in Fox River State Penitentiary where he awaits his execution. Lincoln's brother, brilliant structural engineer Michael Scofield (Wentworth Miller) , is convinced of Lincoln's innocence and formulates an escape plan. In order to gain access to Fox River, Michael commits an armed robbery which results in his being sentenced to Fox River. In prison, Michael befriends the prison doctor Sara Tancredi (Sarah Wayne Callies) when he pretends to suffer from Type 1 diabetes, in order to gain daily access to the prison's infirmary. The brothers' fight to ward off the execution is aided by their lifelong friend Veronica Donovan (Robin Tunney), who begins to investigate the conspiracy that put Lincoln in jail. However, they are hindered by covert agents, members of an organization known as The Company. The Company was responsible for framing Lincoln, and they did so because of Lincoln's father, Aldo Burrows, and his former connections to the company. The brothers, along with six other inmates, Fernando Sucre (Amaury Nolasco), Theodore "T-Bag" Bagwell (Robert Knepper), Benjamin Miles "C-Note" Franklin (Rockmond Dunbar), David "Tweener" Apolskis (Lane Garrison), John Abruzzi (Peter Stormare), and Charles "Haywire" Patoshik (Silas Weir Mitchell), who come to be known as the Fox River Eight, escape in the season finale. Season 2 The second season begins eight hours after the escape, focusing mainly on the escapees. The fugitives split up and journey to locations across the country with the authorities close behind them as they each pursue their individual goals. Brad Bellick (Wade Williams) gets fired from the prison where he worked as a guard and chases after the inmates himself for the reward money. Several of the escapees reunite in search of a large cache of money buried long ago by another prisoner. Federal agent Alexander Mahone (William Fichtner) is assigned to track down and capture the eight fugitives, but is revealed to be working for The Company, which wants all eight men dead. When Sara discovers her dead father, Governor Frank Tancredi, she meets with Michael, remaining with him as the brothers try to bring down the current President, a Company member. To ensure the brothers' safety, Sara allows herself to be arrested and faces trial. During the trial, the testimony of former Secret Service agent Paul Kellerman, who used to work for the Company-controlled President, exonerates Lincoln and Sara. Several of the escapees are killed or recaptured, but the brothers make it to Panama. Michael, T-Bag, Mahone, and Bellick are arrested by the Panamanian authorities and imprisoned at the Penitenciara Federal de Sona. Season 3 The third season follows both Michael inside Sona and Lincoln on the outside in Panama. Sona is a prison that has been run by the inmates and guarded only from the outside since a riot the year before. Burrows is quickly contacted by Gretchen Morgan (a Company operative who was in charge of operations in Panama) who kidnapped his son LJ (Marshall Allman) and Sara Tancredi (Sarah Wayne Callies), the woman Michael loves. He is told that The Company wants Scofield to break James Whistler (Chris Vance) out of Sona. The season follows Michael and Whistler's trials in formulating an escape plan, as Michael has to deal with extreme tension and as Lincoln deals with the Company's operative Gretchen Morgan (Jodi Lyn O'Keefe). Sucre gets a job at the prison to aid Michael in his escape plan. When Lincoln attempts to rescue Sara and LJ following a clue provided by Sara, Gretchen claims to have beheaded Sara and sends Lincoln a head in a box as a warning. As the season ends, the pair manage to escape along with Mahone, and another inmate McGrady leaving behind several accomplices including T-Bag and Bellick. Sucre's identity is discovered by a prison guard and he is thrown into Sona just after the escape. LJ and Sofia (who was captured for a guarantee that Whistler would go with her) are traded for Whistler, and Michael seeks revenge against Gretchen for Sara's death. Season 4 The major storyline for the fourth season concerns a team recruited by Homeland Security agent Don Self (Michael Rapaport) to obtain Scylla. Although the team initially believes it to be the Company's "black book", it is later revealed to contain information on an advanced renewable power cell. Over the course of the first half of the season, the team obtain cards to access Scylla, and break into Company headquarters to steal it. In the first half, Sara is discovered to be alive, Bellick is killed, and Self is revealed to be a double agent and is planning to sell Scylla to the highest bidder. Reluctantly, Lincoln decides to join the Company to get it back, while Michael suffers from a hypothalamic hamartoma. He is treated and operated on by the Company. He later learns that his mother, Christina is still alive and was an agent of the Company, who is revealed to acquire Scylla to sell to the highest bidder. Eventually, the series ends in Miami, where Scylla is recovered by Michael and the team, the General and the Company are taken down, and Christina is killed. In Prison Break: The Final Break, a story is told explaining what happened following the events of the last episode (before the four-year flash-forward) and the strange scar on Sara's shoulder. This story involves the incarceration of Sara in Miami-Dade county penitentiary due to budgetary cutbacks; there are cots installed there acting as the county jail. With the General and T-Bag in the adjacent Men's facility, the General wants Sara dead and offers a $100,000 bounty. Largely echoing season one, Sara is involved in common prison fare before Michael hears of the bounty, and plans are devised for her escape. And in the end, Michael sacrifices himself for his brother, wife and child. It was also his choice to do, due to his disease, a brain tumor. (Piyush) 
 She's All That (1999)55) A high school jock makes a bet that he can turn an unattractive girl into the school's prom queen. She's All That is your typical high school prom king and queen story and the run in defending the star status in the upcoming election. High school hottie, Zack Siler is dumped by his prom-queen girlfriend, the equally attractive and extremely popular, Taylor Vaughan who fell for a second-hand world reject TV soap star who she met over the spring break. Having been publicly dumped, Zack defends his discomposure by stating that Taylor is all make-up and wonder-bra and he can make any ordinary girl a prom queen with a similar package. His high-school buddy, Dean Sampson, engages him in a bet following this statement and picks the geeky looking Laney Boggs out of the crowd as the girl Zack must transform into the new prom queen. Zack agrees since he has no option, but as time passes and Laney begins to transform, Zack begins to find her attractive. While all that falls beautifully in place, it's not your typical fairy-tale. Throw in Dean Sampson to complicate the situation, as when he first made the bet he never thought that Zack could rise to the challenge but looking at how Laney has transformed, it looks like Zack could be on a winning streak. Sofea Shah Freddie Prinze Jr. stars as a high school hottie who makes a bet with a fellow classmate that he can turn geeky Rachel Leigh Cook into a Prom Queen. Problems arise when hot shot Prinze becomes involved and in love with the transformed Cook. Buffy <SurferBetty@worldnet.att.net> High school favourite Zach Siler is dumped by his prom queen shoe-in girlfriend for some slimey TV soap star. On the rebound he takes a bet from his best friend that he can take up with mousey bespectacled Laney Boggs and get her voted prom queen instead. Great friend, impossible task. Though once Laney scraps her glasses, does her hair, and gets into decent rags, Zach finds himself taking rather a lot of notice of her. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} A modern-day version of George Bernard Shaw's Pygmalion, where Zack Siler, is a Los Angeles high school hunk who's been dumped by his popular, but mean-spirited, girlfriend Taylor Vaughn for a famous volleyball player. Frustrated, Zack accepts a bet from his friends that he can turn Laney Boggs, a geeky girl into the school's prom queen. Naturally he falls in love with her which leads to other complications from each other's friends and enemies alike. Matt Patay It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 