nm0001499:

 Waterworld (1995)651) In a future where the polar ice-caps have melted and Earth is almost entirely submerged, a mutated mariner fights starvation and outlaw "smokers," and reluctantly helps a woman and a young girl try to find dry land. The polar ice caps have melted, and the earth is covered by water. The remaining people travel the seas, in search of survival. Several different societies exist. The Mariner falls from his customary and solitary existence into having to care for a woman and a young girl while being pursued by the evil forces of the Deacon. Robbie Smith <robsmith@u.washington.edu> In the future, the Earth is engulfed with water when the polar ice caps melted, leaving the lands and civilization beneath the sea. In "Waterworld" drifters sail across the waters of the world on their man-made ships, trading for supplies and salvaging what is left of civilization, communities of survivors live in towns called "Atolls", and a force of evil pirates "The Smokers" travel across Waterworld in search of a mythical island called "Dryland". Arriving at an Atoll, a mysterious drifter without a name called The Mariner is sentenced to death when the community discovers he is a mutant. When the Atoll is attacked by The Smokers led by their evil leader Deacon, a woman named Helen and her adopted daughter Enola bribe The Mariner to take them to Dryland, believing The Mariner has been there. But the Mariner, Helen and Enola are pursued by Deacon and the Smokers, when The Mariner learns the tattoo on Enola's back is in reality a map that will lead them to Dryland... Daniel Williamson Sometime in the future, the polar ice caps have melted and the world's oceans and seas have covered the land. People are few and far between, living in small communities at sea or sailing from one to another as traders. All the people seek dry land.. something nobody has seen. Rob Hartill The world is flooded. Civilisation is lost under the sea. The Mariner sails his trimoran over the seas, drinking his own Urine and visits a floating atoll of "Drifters". When they find the Mariner to be a mutant they sentence him to death. Meanwhile, a girl with supposedly a map to get to dry land tattoo-ed on her back, is the objective for an attack by a gang of smokers who attack the atoll. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At an unspecified point in the future, a narrator explains, the polar ice caps have melted covering the Earth in an endless ocean. The survivors of the ancient deluge have had to adapt to the new world. One such survivor, known only as The Mariner ( Kevin Costner ), travels the globe on his trimaran. He lives by recycling his own urine as drinking water and scavenges for artifacts on the ocean floor using a diving bell with a timed pulley system. While diving, someone boards the Mariner's boat and steals the fruit from his tiny lime tree. The Mariner surfaces in time to see the other boat sailing off and immediately runs to his harpoon, holding the drifter ( Chaim Jeraffi ) at bay and saying that when two sailors meet it's customary to trade. He adds that he's seen the man's boat but doesn't recognize him. The drifter says he took the boat fair when he found the previous owner dead and tells the Mariner of an atoll a few days away where he can resupply. Just then, the men spy two jet skis nearby piloted by Smokers, pirates who are so named for their habit of smoking cigarettes and their dependence on oil for fuel. They advance on the goods the Mariner has raised from the depths with the diving bell. Meanwhile, as the drifter sets sail, he reveals he's stolen the Mariner's limes. Infuriated, the Mariner quickly loosens ropes and throws custom switches on his boat, raising the sail and giving him enough speed to collect his bag of goods and catch up to the drifter. He sails right over the man's small boat, breaking the sail, disabling his craft, and leaves him for the Smokers. After several days the Mariner arrives at the atoll the drifter spoke of. At first he's refused admittance, but the atoll's guards allow him in when he shows them he has a jar full of dirt; the world's most precious substance. Inside the gates, he finds that the people live in poverty and are near starvation. A small group is conducting a funeral where the deceased is 'recycled' and dropped into a pool of viscous waste. The Mariner docks his boat and is met by the atoll's Enforcer ( R.D. Call ) who gives him a two hour limit to conduct business. The atoll's banker ( Jack Kehler ) offers him a large amount of currency known as 'chits' for the quality dirt he was carrying, but the Mariner demands twice that amount and is given it. At the atoll's bar/store, a shady man named Nord ( Gerard Murphy ) is asking a man ( Robert A. Silverman ) desperate for a drink of fresh water (hydro) about a girl with a tattoo. Supposedly, the tattoo has markings that give the location of dry land. Nord then spots the girl, Enola ( Tina Majorino ), who is in the care of the bar's owner, Helen ( Jeanne Tripplehorn ). Helen quickly hides Enola, but not before Nord catches a glance of the tattoo on the child's back. The Mariner finds the shop and spends his money on hydro, a tomato plant, and all the shelves in the bar. Nord approaches the Mariner, asking him about his newfound wealth, but the Mariner remains unfriendly. He marches back to his boat and begins to load his purchases on it. A small group of people, led by two elders ( Zakes Mokae and Sab Shimono ), approach asking if he'll impregnate a young, woman. They explain that inbreeding among the colony has resulted in undesirable offspring. When the Mariner refuses, the elders surmise he must be hiding something and theorize he's a Smoker spy. They quickly detain him and, in the scuffle, one of them discovers gills behind the Mariner's ears. Horrified by the mutation, the crowd attacks the Mariner but he manages to kill one of them in the lagoon before he's caught in a net. Before he can be beaten further, the Enforcer steps in and defends the Mariner, claiming he was acting in self-defense. However, since he will need to pay for his crimes, he will be imprisoned until further notice. Later that night, while in a cage hanging over the docks, the Mariner spots Nord slipping out of the atoll while a group of youths steal various items from his trimaran. Meanwhile, Helen is with her friend Gregor ( Michael Jeter ), an eccentric inventor, and says that people are talking too much about Enola and that they should leave for the girl's safety. Gregor is frustrated over his own inability to read the map to dry land on Enola's back. Enola is blissfully drawing pictures, some of which are of things that even she doesn't recognize. She innocently mentions that the Mariner may know where dry land is. Gregor goes out to the Mariner and excitedly inspects his webbed feet and gills. He asks if the Mariner knows where dry land is. The Mariner asks him to pick the lock and release him but their conversation is cut short by the Enforcer and Gregor leaves. The following morning the council congregates around the Mariner and decides he is to be recycled in the customary fashion, consequently drowning him. At that moment, a lookout spots an armada of Smokers descending on the atoll. The group, led by the Deacon ( Dennis Hopper ), launches a full scale attack. In the chaos, Gregor accidentally activates his hot air balloon and is unable to slow the mechanism to allow Helen and Enola aboard. Gregor escapes but Helen and Enola spot the Mariner, whose cage was knocked into the sludgy pit during the battle. Before he drowns, Helen and Enola free him on the condition that he'll take them with him. Working together, they manage to free the Mariner's trimaran and open the gates to the atoll. The Deacon spots them and orders his gunner ( Neil Giuntoli ) to stop the trimaran, but the Mariner launches his harpoon and drags the gunner's boat so that it fires on the Deacon's pontoon, causing the fuel it's loaded with to explode. The Mariner, Enola, and Helen escape. Within the wrecked atoll, Nord, who had been the Smoker spy, leads the Deacon to a couple of survivors to interrogate. Having survived the explosion but losing an eye in the process, the Deacon learns that his quarry, the girl with the tattoo, escaped with the Mariner who is a mutant. He alerts his crew of their new mission to find her. Aboard the trimaran, Helen asks the Mariner if he knows the way to dry land. He hints that he does, but he tells Helen that they'll only make it if they throw Enola overboard. As a child, she's useless and will eat all their food. Helen is adamant about keeping Enola and goes so far to offer herself to the Mariner. However, he refuses her. Angry, Helen grabs a harpoon gun and demands they all go to dry land together, but the Mariner drops his sail on her, pinning her beneath, and knocks her out with an oar. He spends the rest of the day keeping watch from the top of his sail. Aboard a rusted oil tanker, the Smoker's home base, the Deacon fashions himself an eye-patch when an attempt by the ship's doctor ( John Fleck ) to give him a false eye fails. He inspects the ship's oil supply maintained by a meter reader ( William Preston ), passing out cigarettes to his citizens on the way, and discovers that his ship is rapidly losing oil. The Deacon maintains that their main focus is to find the tattooed girl and sends out a plane to search for her. Soon enough, the pilot and his gunner ( Jack Black and John Toles-Bey ) spot the trimaran. In a measure to keep their location secret, the Mariner prepares a weapon to fire at the plane below deck. However, Helen isn't clued in to his strategy and impatiently fires the harpoon at the plane, killing the gunner and tethering the plane to the trimaran. With the rope winding itself around the cable-rigging on the mainmast, The Mariner is forced to climb his sail to cut the rope but the pilot manages to shoot the plane free. The whiplash sends the Mariner plunging into the water. Infuriated, he pins Helen down and viciously cuts her hair, telling her not to touch anything on his boat without permission. When Enola protests, he cuts her hair too and confiscates the crayons she's taken from him to draw all over the boat. Having returned to the tanker, the pilot tells the Deacon the direction the Mariner was last seen heading. The Deacon predicts that, since the Mariner knows he's been found, he would expect the Smokers to think he's changed course. However, knowing the Mariner is likely no fool, the Deacon says that his course will remain unchanged, and that's where they will spring their trap. Some time later the Mariner spots another sailor who has raised a neutral flag. Helen convinces the Mariner to make contact, saying the man might have some food. The drifter ( Kim Coates ) is clearly neurotic, having spent too long at sea alone, and acts unpredictably. While he and the Mariner trade, Helen tries to fashion a fishing pole. The drifter offers the Mariner something 'saved for a special trade' - paper. The Mariner doesn't have much to offer in return but the drifter asks for half an hour with Helen. Despite her protests, the Mariner agrees but refuses the drifter time with Enola. The drifter and Helen go below deck while the Mariner inspects the paper but, after a few moments, goes down and tells the drifter the deal is off. The drifter reacts violently and Helen goes back up top while the two men fight, with the Mariner coming out victorious. He dumps the drifter's body into the sea and scavenges his boat for useful items. Irritated it came to that, he takes Helen's fishing pole and throws it away, telling her she'll never catch anything with it. The Mariner takes his harpoon gun and attaches a pulley to it, using it to drag himself behind the boat. Soon, a large sea creature comes up from below and tries to swallow the Mariner, but he uses the harpoon gun to blast holes in the animal. That evening, the three feast on the creature. Enola happily hums to herself and the Mariner suggests she stop making noise long enough to listen to the world. Looking at his feet, Enola mentions how she'd like to have feet like that so she could swim; something she never learned to do. The following day, the Mariner teaches Enola how to swim, an act that impresses Helen and leads to a bond between the Mariner and Enola. Days later, they come to a slaver outpost. Desperate for repairs, the Mariner tries to communicate with them but the inhabitants don't respond. Using an underwater periscope, the Mariner discovers the slavers have been killed and Smokers are positioned underwater to ambush them. They just barely manage to escape, even after the Deacon fires a shot with his rifle, wounding the Mariner. Later, Helen asks again about dry land and wants to know when they may be able to find it. The Mariner becomes impatient and says that he's sailed farther than anyone but has never seen dry land. Upset, Helen asks about all the things on his boat that no one has ever seen and wonders where the Mariner got it all. The Mariner agrees to show Helen where 'dry land' is and sets up his diving bell, leaving Enola on the surface. The Mariner swims alongside Helen and takes her to the bottom of the sea where the remains of a city (Denver, Colorado) lie submerged. At the bottom, he shows her where he got the dirt he sold at the atoll. When they surface, Helen admits she never knew the truth, though she'd always heard legends. Suddenly, the Deacon and a crew of Smokers appear, having already boarded the trimaran. They hold the Mariner and Helen captive and demand to know where the girl is. Enola has hidden herself within the trimaran but when the Deacon bluffs the other's deaths she reveals herself. Enola is taken captive and the trimaran is burned. The Mariner and Helen escape death by submerging themselves and the Mariner kisses Helen so that he can breathe for both of them. When they surface, Enola is gone and the trimaran is in ruins. Disconsolate, Helen kisses the Mariner in affection and, this time, he reciprocates. While looking below deck for anything of use, the Mariner comes across some of Enola's drawings which include trees. He looks through his own collection including some National Geographic magazines and discovers trees identical to Enola's drawings on the cover. He realizes that dry land may really exist. Come morning, they are found by Gregor in his hot air balloon and a band of atoll survivors. The Mariner says that he will go and rescue Enola. He takes a craft and finds the oil tanker, secretly boarding it. He kills anyone he comes across while the Deacon prepares a crowd on deck for his speech. He presents to them Enola, saying that with her, dry land will not only be their destination, it is their destiny. The crazed crew then releases massive oars out of the side of the tanker to make their way and to preserve oil - not knowing the Deacon has yet to decipher the map on Enola's back. He keeps her prisoner with Nord watching over her, though she is convinced the Mariner will save her. Sure enough, the Mariner appears topside and holds out a flare, demanding that Enola be released. He lights the flare and holds it over a pipe leading directly to the oil storage. Deacon calls him on his bluff but the Mariner lets go. Seeing the light, the oil reader utters 'Oh, thank God' before the supply goes up in flames, resulting in an explosion. In the ensuing chaos, the Deacon takes Enola and attempts to escape with her on his plane but the Mariner stops him with an old anchor cable and rescues Enola. Above them, Gregor appears in his balloon with the other survivors and lets down a rope for the Mariner to grab hold. The Deacon rushes forward and grabs the rope too, but the Mariner kicks him off into the water. The Deacon finds a loose jet ski and uses his gun to shoot at the balloon. The shot knocks Enola off into the water and Deacon gestures to two other jet ski Smokers to converge on the girl. The Mariner fashions a makeshift bungee cord and jumps down to rescue Enola just before the Deacon and the other Smokers collide, their jet skis exploding in a ball of fire. As the tanker sinks, the survivors see the words Exxon Valdez printed on the stern. Then, as Gregor once more inspects the map on Enola's back he has an epiphany and realizes what the markings mean. After a few days of flying in the direction of dry land, the Mariner one morning sees a seagull perched on the craft. A few more hours reveals land in the distance. They land and discover tropical trees, a high mountain peak, fresh water, and even wild horses. A shack is found with two skeletons lying on a bed. On a desk is a music box and as Enola opens it, she hears a tune she's hummed before and realizes she's home. The Enforcer suggests they follow ancient burial traditions and give Enola's parents final rest. While everyone is thrilled to have found dry land at last, the Mariner finds himself uncomfortable and out of place. The ocean is his home and he decides to resupply, build a new ship, and leave. Enola is upset but understands and gives the Mariner her music box as a keepsake. Before he leaves, the Mariner promises to tell others about dry land and lead them to it. As he sails away, Helen and Enola climb to the highest hill to watch him and come across a plaque that reveals they're standing on the peak of Mt. Everest. 
 Veronica Mars (2014)431) Years after walking away from her past as a young private eye, Veronica Mars gets pulled back to her hometown, just in time for her high school reunion, in order to help her old flame Logan Echolls, who's embroiled in a murder mystery. Former teenage private eye and now an aspiring New York City lawyer, Veronica Mars gets one phone call from ex-boyfriend Logan Echolls and she gets pulled right back into the seedy underbelly of Neptune, California. Logan's pop star girlfriend, Bonnie DeVille, has been murdered and he needs Veronica's help to clear his name. DeVille is a fellow Neptune High alum, and her murder and Veronica's return to Neptune coincide with their 10-year high school reunion. Veronica is face to face with old friends and foes alike and finds it's much harder to leave home a second time. Anne Campbell Nine years after the events of the show's third season, former teenage sleuth Veronica Mars has left the fictional town of Neptune, California, and moved to New York City, where she is in a relationship with Stosh "Piz" Piznarski and has a job offer from the prestigious law firm Truman-Mann and Associates. She is contacted by her ex-boyfriend Logan Echolls, now a Lieutenant in the United States Navy, who has been accused of murdering his girlfriend Carrie Bishop, a fellow Neptune High student who became a self-destructive pop star under the stage name "Bonnie DeVille". He is being bombarded for offers of representation from lawyers, and Veronica agrees to return to Neptune and help Logan find one who will best represent him. She reunites with her father Keith Mars, Neptune's former sheriff-turned-private investigator, who shows her how corruption and class-ism are rife under Sheriff Dan Lamb.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Veronica Mars (Kristen Bell) starts off by giving a recap of the events that led her to become a teenage private detective (from the 2004-2007 TV series). After her best friend Lilly Kane (Amanda Seyfried) was murdered, Veronica undertook her own investigation to cope. Her father Keith Mars (Enrico Colantoni), the sheriff, falsely accused Lilly's father, the richest and most powerful man in the town of Neptune, a coastal community in southern California, of the murder. When Mr. Kane was proven to be innocent and another man was arrested and confessed to the crime, Mr. Kane retaliated by bribing, intimidating, and persuading (not necessarily in that order) the mayor and city council to remove Keith from his position as sheriff. As a result, both Keith's and Veronica's reputations were irreversibly damaged, leaving both of them outcasts in the class-divided town of Neptune where the wealthy and powerful control everything and everyone. Veronica's mother left town as a result of being ostracized, and neither Keith or Veronica ever saw her again. The person who became the most cruel to Veronica was Lilly's boyfriend Logan Echolls (Jason Dohring), angry at his girlfriend's death, but his feelings brought him and Veronica closer and later separated them. Keith would go on to open his own detective agency, Mars Investigations, where Veronica would work with him during and after school. She would leave her seedy beachside town of Neptune, California at age 19 to attend college. The new her, as she says people would think of her, is a marshmallow. We cut to the present day and opening up with Veronica at a job interview at a law firm in New York City, Truman-Mann. Gayle Buckley (Jamie Lee Curtis) questions her about her credentials and life back in California as a detective. Veronica admits it cost her a few relationships and says she is done with that life. Apparently, after attending one year of college at Hearst University and a short summer internship at the FBI, Veronica attended and received a bachelor's degree in psychology at Stanford, as well as attended law school at Columbia University and is due to take the bar exam to become a lawyer in six weeks. Veronica visits her boyfriend Stosh "Piz" Piznarski (Chris Lowell) at his job at the radio station. She mentions getting messages from her old school friend Wallace Fennel (Percy Daggs III) about going back to Neptune for a high school reunion. She then sees on TV a news report that pop star Bonnie DeVille, a.k.a. Carrie Bishop (Andrea Estrella), has been found dead in the bathtub of her home. When she walks outside, Veronica sees newspapers and hears more reports that accuse Logan of being involved in what is presumably a homicide. Sheriff Dan Lamb (Jerry O'Connell), the corrupt chief-of-police of Neptune, firmly believes Logan is guilty after seeing a video in which he threatens Carrie. Logan calls Veronica while she is at Truman-Mann. She declines the call until he rings her up again, forcing her to answer. Logan tells her he needs her help. She reluctantly agrees to help him find a lawyer and flies back to Neptune where Logan greets her at the airport wearing his naval officer uniform. He drives her to her father's office, surprising him as she intended. He knows she's there to help Logan. That evening, Keith drives Veronica through town and comes across the new deputy and his partners apprehending taggers. One guy runs and the deputy tases him. Keith records the event on his phone just as some bikers (a local outlaw motorcycle gang called the PCH's) arrive on the scene. Keith threatens to go public with the video unless the deputy releases the taggers. At home, Veronica is visited by Wallace and Cindy "Mac" Mackenzie (Tina Majorino). Wallace has been promoted to JV coach at the high school and Mac is working at Kane Software. They later sit outside and have some beers. The next day, Veronica goes to Logan's house and is greeted by his old friend Dick Casablancas (Ryan Hansen). She sees Logan watching a sex tape on Perez Hilton of him and Carrie. He didn't know he was being filmed. A lawyer, J.C. Borden (Eddie Jemison), comes in to discuss Logan's case. Borden tries to come up with a story that would make Logan look good since the media is focusing on the notion that a son of a movie star may have electrocuted his pop star girlfriend. That evening, Logan takes Veronica to a bar where Karaoke Night is taking place. A girl named Ruby Jetson (Gaby Hoffmann) goes up to sing Carrie's songs. She is booed at as she sings. Logan shows Veronica a message from a Bonnie DeVille fan stating "Every ending brings a new beginning. Now we can be together." He received it ten minutes after Carrie was killed, and they suspect it could be Ruby, especially after she was caught hiding in Carrie's closet. Logan walks Veronica home. She gives her condolences to him over Carrie. He admits he wasn't a very good boyfriend to Carrie, but more of a sponsor. He doesn't think he's gonna get through this so soon. He kisses Veronica's head and leaves. She enters her home and sees a TMZ report on Logan still being a free man. Veronica digs into a box labeled "Accessories" with her camera and other sleuthing equipment to get back into the game and prove Logan's innocence. Veronica rides with Logan as they drive up to Ruby's place. Logan believes she planted a camera in some flowers that recorded him having sex with Carrie since Ruby delivered them during a party. Veronica asks why he went to her house after she was apparently hooking up with another guy. Logan tells her how Carrie's burglar alarm went off and he would later find her in the tub dead. Veronica watches one of Carrie's music videos as Bonnie DeVille, which she notices is about drowning. She asks her dad for a memory stick for her camera. He asks her if she knows what she's doing, warning him of a darkness in Logan. Veronica is sure of what she's doing. The next morning, Veronica travels to Ruby's home and poses as a talent scout to an old woman to get into Ruby's computer and get pictures regarding Carrie. She looks through her yearbook and finds out that Ruby was really a girl named Della Pugh. The police arrive since the old woman's son-in-law called. Veronica is taken in by Deputy Sacks (Brandon Hillock). Veronica is bailed out at the station. Sheriff Lamb comes in to mock her, but Keith threatens him and tells him to back off. Ruby comes in and poses as Veronica's friend and asks her for a favor in exchange for not pressing charges. Logan drives Ruby, dressed like Bonnie DeVille, to an event at the 09er nightclub, with Veronica acting as the designated driver. The press is there heckling Logan. A few guys at the bar try hitting on Veronica. Ruby asks her why she broke into her house, prompting Veronica to press her about the email Logan got and Ruby being in Carrie's closet. Veronica then gets a call from Gayle, offering her the job at Truman-Mann. Veronica accepts, but she must start Monday. She goes back to the booth with Logan and Ruby. Ruby suggests that Carrie's dad killed her after she fired him as her manager. Carrie had a tattoo on her hand that meant "serendipity", which was the name of her dad's company. Veronica says he was in London. Ruby's last theory is that something from Carrie's past came back to haunt her. She thinks that Carrie had sex with a priest in Catholic school, which is why her last album was titled "Confessionals". Veronica and Logan drive Ruby home and then take a drive together. The next day, Wallace and Mac come over to Veronica's house to show her a video of Carrie performing at the high school talent show with her best friend Susan Knight (Christine Lakin), who is also dead. Wallace shows Veronica a video of Ruby in her Della Pugh days performing the girls' duet herself and getting booed. The two friends then rope Veronica into joining them at the high school reunion, even having Piz flown out to Neptune. At the reunion, Veronica runs into old classmates Madison Sinclair (Amanda Noret), Gia Goodman (Krysten Ritter), and Weevil Navarro (Francis Capra), the former PCH biker-turned-family man. Madison presents an "In Memorandum" slideshow. When it gets to Carrie, Logan is called a murderer by several attendees. It gets to Susan Knight, with a picture of her and Carrie next to a boat with the name Serendipity. Veronica runs to Logan and tells him that and then determines that Carrie's song about drowning meant that something happened on that boat. She thinks somebody killed Carrie to get her to stop going on about Susan's death. Back inside the school, Madison shows Veronica's sex tape to everybody, just as Piz shows up. Mac runs out to call Veronica back inside. Logan sees it and starts a fight. Piz, Dick, Weevil and Wallace jump in the fight. Veronica grabs a lighter to set off the sprinklers. Madison goes to chastise her for ruining the reunion. Veronica responds by punching her in the face. Veronica and Piz join Wallace and Mac at an after party. Although she's dancing, Veronica is trying to scope out anybody with information. She goes to Dick to ask him what happened to Susan on Carrie's dad's boat. He says she went missing after everybody got drunk. She also asks Lou "Cobb" Cobbler (Martin Starr) and Luke Halderman (Sam Huntington), since they were on the boat as well. Luke also happens to be engaged to Gia now. Meanwhile, Weevil is driving home from the reunion and comes across his former biker gang circling a woman in a van. He goes to help her out, but she is startled and she shoots him. The woman turns out to be Celeste Kane (Lisa Thornhill), the late Lilly's snobbish mother. Veronica bids Piz farewell as he takes the taxi back to the airport. Keith tells Veronica that Celeste shot Weevil. They go the hospital and are told that Celeste claimed self-defense after he approached her van with a 9mm Beretta and said "Time to party." They see a crime scene photo with a gun planted in Weevil's hand (clearly planted by the town's dirty cops to protect the wealthy Kane family from scandal and prosecution). Veronica plans to go ask the gang kids for information, but Keith tells her to leave the case to him. Veronica calls Sheriff Lamb, posing as a news reporter to gain information on Susan's drowning. She then travels to nearby San Diego and meets with Leo D'Amato (Max Greenfield), the former Neptune police deputy who is now a police detective working with the San Diego PD, who at first does not recognize her. She presents him with the case file of Susan's death. The meeting leads Veronica to believe someone on the Serendipity killed Carrie. She goes to Logan's place and sees Dick going through a slideshow of pics from the reunion. When they get to the pic of the 'In Memorandum' with Carrie and Susan near the boat, Veronica takes out a police photo for comparison. It depicts an anchor, which she thinks was used to push Susan's body to the bottom. She gets a text from Mac about a new video of Carrie on Perez Hilton. It's her at a makeup table arguing with another guy. Dick also shows her a hidden camera video of James Franco trying on skinny jeans. Veronica gets to meet with Franco through his assistant. She gets him and the assistant to set up a meeting with somebody over celebrity videos. At the Neptune Amusement Pier, Veronica meets the potential buyer who happens to be Vinnie Van Lowe (Ken Marino), another PI and sometimes-rival to Keith Mars . He takes Veronica to his van where he gives her some footage of Carrie. She shows it to Logan, depicting Carrie in her last days. Gia is in one of the videos on the day Carrie died. They figure out that Gia lured Logan to Carrie's home that night. Veronica and Logan meet with Sheriff Lamb at the police station. Veronica believes Gia left an opening for Luke to come in and murder Carrie and then set up an alibi at the 09er. The intent was to shut Carrie up over Susan's death and frame Logan. Lamb doesn't care about this story and is still set on getting Logan convicted. Veronica calls Piz to tell him that there's too much going on for her to return to New York. He thinks it's time for the two of them to call it quits. Keith tells Veronica that Truman-Mann is moving on without her since she's been constantly declining their calls. He gets a call and then leaves to meet with Sacks, who tells him there is corruption within Lamb's department over protecting the town's idle rich, and he is willing to testify. The two of them notice they're being watched by a shadowy figure and they drive away, only for a truck to plow into them. Logan runs by and pulls Keith out before the truck hits the car again. Veronica runs to her dad's side. Keith is taken to the hospital where it's determined he has multiple injuries, and Sacks was dead on arrival. Logan takes her home and leaves her a message for her to call him when she wakes up. Veronica gets up and tells him not to go. She walks up to him and kisses him. They start to get intimate. To take her mind off her dad, Veronica sets out to prove that Gia and Luke are guilty. She sends flowers to Gia's home and calls her with audio clips of Carrie's voice while watching from a distance on her camera. Gia freaks out and calls someone. Veronica calls Logan, who tells her that Luke walked into a bathhouse. She then sees Cobb entering Gia's apartment to comfort her. Cobb kisses Gia's neck and they go the bedroom to have sex. Later that evening, after Cobb leaves, Veronica goes to Gia's apartment. Meanwhile, Cobb is approached by an old man who claims to have heard him having sex with Gia. Cobb goes to his apartment and listens to the radio and overhears Veronica talking to Gia. Veronica picks up a tablet on the table that belonged to Carrie. Veronica confronts Gia about the possible murder, but Gia maintains her alibi. She shows her the video of Gia sending a message with the camera recording from the tablet. Gia admits that nine years earlier on the boat, she and her friends went to Cobb looking for drugs, only for him to make them bring him along and they were too drunk to care. Susan started crying about a baby she had given up and was later found by Carrie, barely breathing. She later found her friend dead. Gia admits Cobb came up with the idea to weigh Susan's body down with the anchor. They later received a picture of them dumping Susan's body into the water. Gia says that Cobb moved across the street to keep an eye on her since he was in love with her. She walks to the window, thinking he is watching, and she gets shot in the stomach by Cobb perched on the roof of the building as a sniper. Veronica hides and calls 911 for help as she watches Gia breath her last. Cobb comes into the apartment holding a gun. He plays music loudly to distract from any further gunshots. Veronica sends a text to her dad saying she loves him. She distracts Cobb by calling Gia's phone and then tases him in the leg. She makes a run for it, but finds the building exits locked. Cobb follows her to the basement where she knocks him out with a golf club. Cobb is arrested for Susan's and Gia's murders. Logan is exonerated from the crime, and he returns to active duty in the Navy, promising to return to Veronica. Lamb's conversation with Veronica is exposed to the media, forcing him to arrest Cobb and making him a new pariah. Keith recovers from his injuries, as does Weevil. The latter meets with Veronica at Mars Investigations over the gun being planted. As he leaves, Veronica sees him rejoining his biker friends. Veronica is somewhat disappointed that Weevil, now alienated then ever with life and the town, has abandoned his straight and narrow road and has gone back to being an outlaw biker. In the final shot, it is shown that Veronica has decided to stay in Neptune to take over the private investigator business with Mac as her assistant. In a final voice-over, Veronica accepts that this is who she is and this is what she does. 
 Napoleon Dynamite (2004)651) A listless and alienated teenager decides to help his new friend win the class presidency in their small western high school, while he must deal with his bizarre family life back home. Preston, Idaho's most curious resident, Napoleon Dynamite, lives with his grandma and his 32-year-old brother (who cruises chat rooms for ladies) and works to help his best friend, Pedro, snatch the Student Body President title from mean teen Summer Wheatley. Anonymous Young teenager Napolen Dynamite tries to find his place in the world by helping Pedro win the school election, getting down with the ladies at the school dance, and helping his curious brother Kip find his place in the world with hot babes and Rex Kwon Do. Jacob Richardson Sporting a hideous haircut, Preston, Idaho's gangly, bespectacled, sixteen-year-old loser, Napoleon Dynamite, actually thinks he is too cool for school. But, when he is not locking horns with his thirtysomething chat-room addict brother, Kip, or trying to avoid Uncle Rico, who's still living in the past, Napoleon whiles away the time doodling mythical creatures. Then, Napoleon's life becomes complicated, as two unexpected friends enter the picture: the budding photographer, Deb, and Pedro, the quiet school newcomer who wants to run for high school president. Would you vote for Pedro? Nick Riganas Napoleon Dynamite, a lovable, unpopular high school age guy who just wants to fit in. There's Deb, the girl who keeps showing up with her crap on the front porch. There's Kip, Napoleon's geek brother who's searching for love. There's Rico, Napoleon's jock uncle who just seems to want to ruin Napoleon's life. And then Pedro shows up. The new kid in town. He's from Mexico, he has an awesome bike, and he's the only kid in school with a mustache. When Napoleon befriends Pedro, and Pedro decides to run for class president, Napoleon gets his chance to show his stuff and prove that he's got nothing to prove. Isaac Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Napoleon (Jon Heder) starts his school day by riding the bus. To entertain himself he sends a superhero figure out the window attached by fishing line to surf on the street behind the bus. At school he shares his current event with the class, plays tetherball, talks about hunting wolverines in Alaska with a frickin' 12 gauge, and gets bullied. He then calls home and asks his brother Kip (Aaron Ruell) to bring him some chapstick. Kip is too busy with his nachos to comply. Napoleon then meets the new kid at school Pedro (Efren Ramirez). Napolean and Pedro go to Pedro's house to take Pedros bike on some sweet jumps. Upon arriving home Grandma tells Kip and Napoleon that shes going away for a day. They convince her that they do not need a babysitter. We find out that Kip is training to become a cage fighter. Napoleon answers the door and finds Deb (Tina Majorino) offering 75% off of Glamour Shots by Deb, as well as selling boondoggle key chains to save money for college. Kip says, your mom goes to college, which upsets Deb and she runs off, leaving all her stuff on Napoleons porch. Kip sees an ad for Rex Kwon Do on the tv and asks Napoleon to pull him into town. They attend the orientation for Rex Kwon Do only to decide it was a rip-off. At school the next day, Napoleon and the Happy Hands Club, a sign language group, give a performance in front of their class. Pedro decides he will ask Summer Wheatly to the dance. Napoleon sees Deb and tells her that her stuff is in her locker and she should take it because he cant fit his nunchucks in there anymore. We see grandma riding an ATV on the sand dunes and have an accident. That evening while Napoleon is feeding the family llama Tina, Uncle Rico (Jon Gries) shows up and informs them that Grandma has broken her coccyx and he will be taking care of them until she returns. Uncle Rico shows Napoleon and Kip a video of him throwing footballs. Uncle Rico reminisces about his glory days. Kip and Rico go to Big J's restaurant and discuss Rico's break up with his girlfriend and Kip's blossoming online romance. They also talk about a money making scheme that Rico has in the works. Pedro and Napoleon deliver a cake to Summer's house as Pedro's invite to the dance. Back at home, Kip and Rico discuss acquiring a time machine online so that Rico can go back to 1982. They also discuss the money making scheme which involves nylon polymer. They decide they need badges and so go to Deb's to get some photos taken. Pedro gets Summer's rejection letter and also receives an acceptance letter from Deb, who Pedro had invited without Napoleon knowing. Pedro tells Napoleon to draw a picture of the girl he wants to invite to the dance. He draws a picture of Trisha, who happens to be Summer's best friend. When he goes to give the picture to Trisha, Uncle Rico is there trying to sell her mother a 24 piece set. Uncle Rico tells Trisha's mom that he wets the bed. Trisha's mom takes pity and tells Trisha she is going to the dance with Napoleon. Napoleon spends a day at a chicken farm for the Future Farmers of America. They eat eggs. Back at home he gets the call from Trisha accepting his invitation to the dance. Pedro says he really needs to get a suit so they go to the thrift store and buy an awesome one. Uncle Rico is going to drive Napoleon to the dance but needs to stop and finalize a sale first. Napoleon gets tired of waiting and starts running to Trisha's but gets picked up by Pedro's cousins with all the sweet hook-ups. They go to the dance and Trisha ditches Napoleon for Summer but Pedro lets Napoleon dance with Deb, who is wearing a dress with sleeves that are real big. While they are dancing Pedro sees that the elections for class president are coming up. Napoleon later convinces Pedro that he should run for class president. Napoleon arrives at home to find that Uncle Rico's time machine has arrived. He tries it out but it only electrocutes him. Uncle Rico has already figured out that it doesnt work. Napoleon and Pedro do well at their FFA meeting with Napoleon being an expert whole milk taster and Pedro a fantastic dairy cow assessor. Back at school they find out Summer is running for president. Pedro gets hot and has to go home. Back at Big J's, Kip reveals to Uncle Rico that he believes his internet romance may be his soul mate. Her name is LaFawnduh and she is coming out from Detroit. Uncle Rico has a new product for them to sell. We find out that when Pedro got hot he shaved his head and now he doesn't want anyone to see so now he wears his hood tight on his head. Deb and Napoleon take him to the thrift store where they pick the wig that looks like a medieval warrior which Deb proclaims matches Pedro's season. With his confidence back, Pedro starts his presidential campaign by hanging up posters and handing out boondoggle key chains. Summer can't believe his nerve. Napoleon sees a nerd in distress and offers him a boondoggle saying, "Pedro offers you his protection". Next time this nerd is in distress Pedro's cousins scare away the attacker. Kip meanwhile meets LaFawnduh at the bus station, and Uncle Rico gives Summer and Trisha flyers for his new product Bust Must +, a breast enlargement pill. Napoleon later finds that his locker has been plastered with Bust Must + flyers. Kip and LaFawnduh are getting along well and LaFawnduh gives kip a huge sparkling necklace. Napoleon attacks Uncle Rico's van with a grapefruit. Pedro has a piata of Summer as lunchtime entertainment. At the thrift store once again, Napoleon finds a VHS tape of D-Qwons Dance Grooves. Pedro gets a lecture from the school principal about making a piata in the likeness of his opponent. Napoleon goes home and learns his dance moves from D-Qwon. He meets LaFawnduh, who gives him a cassette tape to listen to that her cousin made. Kip is now a changed man thanks to LaFawnduh. Uncle Rico tries to sell Bust Must + to Deb, saying Napoleon thought she would want some. Deb calls Napoleon and tells him off. Napoleon tells Uncle Rico to leave because he is ruining everyone's lives and eating all of their steak. Uncle Rico goes to Rex Kwon Dos house to sell Bust Must + to his wife, Starla. Rex walks in and breaks Rico's arm. At school the presidential speeches commence with Summer doing a skit with the Happy Hands Club, sans Napoleon and the fat girl. Pedro and Napoleon find out that a skit is expected and since they don't have one prepared Pedro loses hope and gives a pathetic speech. Napoleon thinks quick and gives the tape LaFawnduh gave him to the A/V guy. He uses the moves he learned from D-Qwon to wow the whole audience and receives a standing ovation. Kip gets on a bus with LaFawnduh, Grandma returns from the hospital, Ricos ex-girlfriend shows up at his van, and Pedro wins the presidency. Deb has forgiven Napoleon and shows up on the playground. Napoleon tells her he caught her a delicious bass and they play a game of tetherball, which Napoleon wins by cheating. 2 Months Later is the wedding of Kip and LaFawnduh. Napoleon is absent. Kip sings LaFawnduh a love song which gets interrupted when Napoleon shows up on a horse. He proclaims that he just finished taming a wild honeymoon stallion for the newlyweds. He asks Deb to take a picture of him on the horse. Kip and LaFawnduh ride off together and Napoleon is speechless but for one word..........lucky. 
 Corrina, Corrina (1994)Summaries In 1959, a widower hires a kindly housekeeper/nanny to care for his seven-year-old daughter. When Manny Singer's wife dies, his young daughter Molly becomes mute and withdrawn. To help cope with looking after Molly, he hires sassy housekeeper Corrina Washington, who coaxes Molly out of her shell and shows father and daughter a whole new way of life. Manny and Corrina's friendship delights Molly and enrages the other townspeople. movix It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 