nm0001259:

 Secret Santa (2003 TV Movie)Summaries Newspaper reporter Rebecca Chandler, who feels she got no fair chance to prove her worth in her three years career, looks forward to a Hawaian holiday with her fianc Ryan, but instead of a ring he brings her- walking orders, he found better. So she accepts again to be the bachelor on duty in the Christmas season, and write the annual romantic non-news feel good-story, once more about the elusive Secret Santa in small-town Hamden, where the Christmas spirit it said to last all year. Bad luck follows her from Indianapolis: her car breaks down, she can only get lodgings in a home for the elderly without Internet, and nobody wants to help her unmask the secret Santa. Soon she guesses it must be the only rich philanthropist, but the popular Mr. John Martin Carter doesn't grant her an interview and isn't tricked either, in fact meets her at the worst repeatedly without her knowing him, until he arranges to be presented at the mayor's Christmas party, then invites her for dinner and proves a charming widower, yet denies being secret Santa, causing her boss to panic and explode. After more bad news and another red herring she is resigned to return defeated... KGF Vissers A newspaper reporter (Rebecca Chandler) does research for a story of a mysterious man who is an elaborate Christmas wish granter. He is involved in a program where the US Postal System forwards Santa letters to a "make-a-wish" tradition program. Why would a man spend so much money, time and energy making Christmas wishes come true? Pat Councilor It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Beverly Hills, 90210 (19902000)Summaries A group of friends living in Beverly Hills, California make their way through life from their school days into adulthood. Originally based around the lives of a group of high school students living in the wealthy Beverly Hills neighborhood, then later moving on to their college days as they got older. The kids become friends and enemies, fall in and out of love, and go through an endless series of crises as this small group somehow becomes personally involved in every newsworthy social issue from alcoholism to South African apartheid to pregnancy to AIDS. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Girl, Positive (2007 TV Movie)211) A popular high school girl finds out that a boy she slept with is HIV positive. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rachel (Andrea Bowen), a high school girl, seems to have the life that most people envy: she has a steady boyfriend, some great friends, and a place on the school's soccer team. Preparing for college and separating from her boyfriend are the main worries of this teen, as she lives a carefree life like most girls her age. However, Rachel's world falls apart the day she discovers that Jason (Eric von Detton), a former sexual partner of hers that died an untimely death, was in fact HIV positive and an IV drug user. She immediately goes to an AIDS clinic to get a rapid test, which unfortunately comes back positive. Devastated by the fact that she may actually be infected with the virus, Rachel then confides in her substitute teacher, Sarah (Jennie Garth), who has secretly been living with the disease for years. But both young women are about to find out their secrets will not be kept secret for very long, as word begins to spread throughout their high school and rumors fly, making some of these students realize that they may not be as "clean" as they think they are. 
 What I Like About You (20022006)Summaries When Holly's father is transferred to Japan, she is sent to live with her big sister Valerie in New York City, turning Valerie's life upside down. When Holly ( Amanda Bynes ) is 16, her father takes a job in Japan and she moves in with her strait-laced sister Valerie ( Jennie Garth ) in New York City. Val finally has both a great career and a great boyfriend in a carefully organized life on the Upper West Side when Holly moves in and tries to become a part of her sister's fabulous life. Ruth Suehle It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 