nm0010508:

 The Good Love (1963)Summaries A couple of young university students decide to spend the day in Toledo, in order to forget a little of the routine in which they are. At nine o'clock in the morning, Jos Luis waits at the Atocha station for his girlfriend, Mari Carmen. The couple has deceived their families, who have told that they will eat in the Faculty. The journey is eternal and the stay in the city, rather than surprise them, as they expected, immerses them, even more, in the monotony in which they live. Without friends, without relatives and without university partners, the couple will spend twelve hours in Toledo, half a day of tenderness in the rain and the December sun that will help them to know themselves better. jsanchez It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dnde estar mi nio? (1981)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pepe, no me des tormento (1981)Summaries Mario has to write a screenplay for a movie and calls his friend Pepe, a weird collaborator. Mario lives with Brbara, a divorced American, and his 3 sons, but in his house he can't write. That's why he decides to go with Pepe to a friend's house to write the screenplay. But there they find a bank thief who knows Pepe from a previous "business". Daniel Romero <aiamano17@yahoo.es> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Aunt Tula (1964)Summaries Tula, a 31-year-old single woman whose sister has just died, decides to live in the home of her bank-employee brother-in-law Ramiro and his two children. She takes control of their lives, playing wife/mother without the sexual commitments or maternal responsibilities. Ramiro likes her because she adores his children, but she rejects his courtship. Desperate Ramiro tries to rape her and the priest advises her to marry the man. Tula insists on maintaining platonic relations and decides to take them to her village and, in the presence of relatives, redirect Ramiro's feelings to the memory of her deceased sister. Ramiro rapes Tula's young cousin Juanita at the earliest opportunity, but the rest of the family does not know until months later when it's obvious that she's pregnant. Ramiro is forced to marry her, and he takes her and the children back to the city. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 