nm0000584:

 Explorers (1985)321) A boy obsessed with '50s sci-fi movies about aliens has a recurring dream about a blueprint of some kind, which he draws for his inventor friend. With the help of a third kid, they follow it and build themselves a spaceship. Now what? This space adventure stars Ethan Hawke and River Phoenix as misfit best friends whose dreams of space travel become a reality when they create an interplanetary spacecraft in their homemade laboratory. Ben Crandall is a young visionary who dreams of space travel while watching late-night B monster movies, pouring over comic books, and playing Galaga in the confines of his bedroom. But one night he has a vivid dream of flying over a space-like circuit board and shares his visions with his best friend Wolfgang Muller, a young scientific genius who is able to translate his dreams into a complex computer program that actually works. With the help of their new friend Darren Woods, they create a homemade spacecraft and embark on a secret adventure to another galaxy where they find that things are not always as different as they seem. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ben Crandall ( Ethan Hawke ) is a young teenage boy living in the suburbs of Washington, D.C., who experience vivid dreams about flying through clouds and over a vast, city-like circuit board, usually after falling asleep watching 1950s sci-fi movies ( The War of the Worlds (1953) is a favorite). Every night, upon waking from the dream, he draws the circuit board. Ben shows the sketches to his friend, child prodigy Wolfgang Muller ( River Phoenix ). At school, Ben develops a crush on Lori Swenson ( Amanda Peterson ), but he isn't sure whether it's mutual. Both boys meet punkish-but-likable Darren Woods ( Jason Presson ), with whom they share their circuit-board concepts. Wolfgang builds an actual microchip based on Ben's drawings. The chip enables the generation of an electromagnetic bubble which surrounds a pre-determined area. As the boys discover, the bubble is capable of moving at near-limitless distances and speeds without the usual effect from inertia. They construct a rudimentary spacecraft out of an abandoned Tilt-A-Whirl car; they named their ship the Thunder Road, after Bruce Springsteen 's song of the same title. Their experiments with the Thunder Road draw attention from the United States government, which sends agents to scout the area for UFOs. After Ben receives more dreams about the circuit board, Wolfgang discovers a means of producing unlimited sustainable oxygen; this means longer flights, whereas previously they were limited to whatever a typical oxygen tank could hold. They finalize their plan to explore the galaxy in search of alien life. The boys complete liftoff, despite interference from the authorities (one of whom silently wishes them well). Shortly after breaking Earth's orbit, something overrides the boys' personal computer-controls. The Thunder Road is tractor-beamed a much larger spaceship. They boys venture out to meet their captors, Wak and Neek; two green-skinned aliens whose knowledge of Earth comes almost entirely from junk culture, particularly television reruns. The young explorers develop a relationship with their extraterrestrial hosts, but the alien spaceship is intercepted by a larger-still alien vessel. Feigning an attack by space pirates, Wak urges the boys to leave. They are in the process of doing so when they are interrupted by a gigantic brown extraterrestrial, this one bearing a close resemblance to the other two, who gestures furiously while grinding out barely-comprehensible alien language. As this turns out, Wak and Neek are brother and sister; they have taken their father's ship out for a joy ride, sending the dreams to the boys in the hopes of meeting humans. Transmissions of old black-and-white movies have kept extraterrestrial populace at a distance -- except for the curious Wak and Neek -- due to the way humans generally depict violence toward alien life. Wak and Neek's father allows the Thunder Road and its crew to depart, after Wak and Neek give the boys a parting gift: an amulet which, according to the extraterrestrials, is the stuff that dreams are made of. The boys succeed reaching safely back to Earth, but a malfunction results in them crashing the Thunder Road into their neighborhood lake. Now they are back to square one... or so they think. A week later, Ben has a dream at school in which he envisions another vast circuit board while flying though more clouds overhead. This time -- thanks to Wak and Neek's amulet -- Ben is joined in the dream by Wolfgang, Darren and Lori. They proclaimed that the circuitry is really complicated, and wonder where this one will take them once they have constructed this. Lori smiles at Ben while holding his hand. 
 Annie (1982)Summaries A spunky young orphan is taken in by a rich eccentric, much to the chagrin of the cantankerous woman who runs the orphanage. In the depths of the 1930s, Annie (Aileen Quinn) is a fiery young orphan girl who must live in a miserable orphanage run by the tyrannical Miss Agatha Hannigan (Carol Burnett). Her seemingly hopeless situation changes dramatically when she is selected to spend a short time at the residence of the wealthy munitions industrialist, Oliver "Daddy" Warbucks (Albert Finney). Quickly, she charms the hearts of the household staff and even the seemingly cold-hearted Warbucks cannot help but learn to love this wonderful girl. He decides to help Annie find her long-lost parents by offering a reward if they would come to him and prove their identity. However, Miss Agatha Hannigan, her evil brother, Daniel Francis "Rooster" Hannigan (Tim Curry), and a female accomplice, plan to impersonate those people to get the reward for themselves, which puts Annie in great danger. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Can't Buy Me Love (1987)55) An outcast secretly pays the most popular girl in school one thousand dollars to pretend to be his girlfriend for a month. Ronald Miller is tired of being a nerd, and makes a deal with one of the most popular girls in school to help him break into the "cool" clique. He offers her a thousand dollars to pretend to be his girlfriend for a month. It succeeds, but he soon learns that the price of popularity may be higher than he expected. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> Ronald Miller runs in the geek crowd. Although his best friend Kenneth Wurman embraces their geek status, Ronald wants to be popular, especially on the eve of their senior year at high school, which he sees as the most pivotal period in their social lives. Although he wants to be friends with all the cool kids, he especially pines after head cheerleader Cindy Mancini. He and Cindy and many of the kids have known each other since they were children, when they were all friends, but high school changed the social circles in which they traveled. Ronald seizes upon what he sees as an opportunity when he sees Cindy in a financial bind (at least in her own mind). He offers her a proposition: he will get her out of that $1,000 bind - money he worked all summer for to buy a telescope - as "rent" for her services as a girlfriend for one month, so that he can infiltrate the "in" crowd at their school. Regardless of the facts that she doesn't think the ploy will work and finds the thought of hanging out with him abhorrent, she reluctantly agrees. Through the process, both Ronald and Cindy will truly evaluate their past lives and to where they thought they were going, that future for Cindy which included waiting for her football playing boyfriend Bobby, who is away at college. Huggo To try and get out of his nerdy set, Ronald offers Cindy, cheerleader and school's most popular girl, a deal. She urgently needs $1,000 which he will let her have if she dates him for a month. Being desperate she grudgingly accepts, and soon starts to actually like him. But she finds his plan of becoming number one guy has worked and he has other fish to fry. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Ronald Miller has had a crush on the beautiful Cindy Mancini for years - who doesn't even know his name. Cindy's idea of a Saturday night includes parties while Ronald's is poker games. In addition, Cindy is dating the former football star turned college pro - who has been giving her the cold shoulder. Cindy finds herself in a desperate situation when she borrows her mother's $1000 suede dress, without permission, and ruins it. The only person who has the money to replace the dress, without her mother finding out, is Ronald. However, Ronald tells her that the only condition for him giving her the money is if she poses as his girlfriend for a month. As the month passes, she begins to show an interest in Ronald. But he is so consumed with popularity, he is blind to her feelings. In addition, he also begins to join in with his new "friends" in taunting his old friends. Can Ronald find his way before he loses Cindy and everyone he cares about? Theresa It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Year in the Life (19871988)Summaries Joe Gardner, a child of the Depression, is a successful plastics manufacturer in Seattle, Washington. After his wife dies, his four adult children move back in. Anne, 35 and an ex-hippie, has been divorced twice and returns with her two children, David and Sunny. Lindley, 31, is a sales representative in her father's company and a new mother. Jack, 30, is a drifter "trying to find himself," and Sam, Joe's youngest child, is a preppy who is married to Kay, a free-spirit. J.E. McKillop <jack-mckillop@worldnet.att.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 