nm0010863:

 Blue Heelers (19942006)Summaries The series primarily focuses on the daily lives of Victorian police officers working at a police station in the fictional small town of Mount Thomas. The most popular local production on Australian television, Blue Heelers is a weekly police drama based on a fictional bush town called Mount Thomas. Every week there is a different case for Sergeant Tom Croydon, Senior Constable Nick Schultz, Senior Detective PJ Hasham, and Constables Maggie Doyle, Dash McKinley and Adam Cooper to solve. Continuing storylines about the personal lives and relationships of these characters filter into each episode. Enoch Law <eytl@rocketmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Surviving Desire (1992)Summaries Jude, a college literature professor, falls for one of his students. She is more interested in the empirical experience of a relationship with a man whose life is ruled by the themes of the Russian Lit. he extolls in class. Jude shows an interesting side of the stigmas associated with transgenerational relationships and how to deal with the inevitable pain of a love doomed to failure. Mike Bush <mbush@osiris.ac.hmc.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Alive Tribe (1997)Summaries A 1997 film about a young man who gets involved with eco-terrorists, a wild bunch of hipped-out student radicals who fight for anything from ecological Armageddon to the ozone layer and animal liberation. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tromeo and Juliet (1996)Summaries Tromeo, a filmmaker, falls in love with Juliet, the daughter of a former partner who tried to steal his business from him. A modern, punk adaptation of Shakespeare's classic. Told irreverently, this film attempts to impact the viewer in the same way theatre-goers were affected in Shakespeare's time. Bawdy, Violent, Humorous, and Romantic. Stephen Blackehart It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 