nm0000729:

 Gone Baby Gone (2007)761) Two Boston area detectives investigate a little girl's kidnapping, which ultimately turns into a crisis both professionally and personally. When 4 year old Amanda McCready disappears from her home and the police make little headway in solving the case, the girl's aunt Beatrice McCready hires two private detectives Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro. The detectives freely admit that they have little experience with this type of case, but the family wants them for two reasons - they're not cops and they know the tough Boston neighborhood in which they all live. As the case progresses, Kenzie and Gennaro face drug dealers, gangs and pedophiles. When they are about to solve their case, they are faced with a moral dilemma that could tear them apart. garykmcd Patrick, a blue collar punk PI with very little education and no law enforcement experience and Angie, his more refined and realistic girlfriend get involved in a child kidnapping case, which goes badly. Patrick commits murder for a good cause but he wants it all his way: he refuses to learn from his many mistakes and sheer lack of knowledge. Soon, good (and bad) men are dead or behind bars and families are destroyed. Angie is forced to leave Patrick because the concept: best interest of the child becomes so much more than the sum of the words to her. LA-Lawyer When four year old Amanda McCready goes missing, and the police make little headway in solving the case, the family hire Private Investigators (and partners) Patrick Kenzie & Angela Gennaro to assist the with the investigation. As the plot progresses, the probability of Amanda being found dwindles, and the investigation plunges the PI's into the dark underworld of Dorchester and a moral dilemma that could tear them apart. BecksyKane Thirty-one year old Patrick Kenzie grew up in Dorchester, a working class neighborhood of Boston where the family names remain the same over generations. He still lives there with his personal - professional partner Angie Gennaro, the two who are private detectives specializing in missing persons cases. The police are working on a high profile case of an abducted four year neighborhood child named Amanda McCready. The Boston Police Department take child abduction cases to heart because the daughter of Jack Doyle, the police chief, had been abducted and eventually murdered years earlier. Three days after Amanda's abduction, Patrick and Angie are hired by Lionel and Bea McCready, Amanda's maternal uncle and aunt, to augment the police investigation. Despite this case being outside of the norm of Patrick and Angie's regular cases, the McCready's hope that Patrick's knowledge of the neighborhood and its people will help, especially in getting the neighborhood underlife to open up, especially if they are not willing to speak to the police. Patrick and Angie quickly learn that Amanda's single mother, Helene McCready, is no saint, she being a drug runner and involved in the theft of drug moneys. Patrick, Angie and the police believe that her criminal history has something to do with the abduction. As Patrick and Angie get further into the investigation with the police, they collectively deal with issues of whether the means justifies the ends, and whether the end goal is morally the right thing to do. Huggo Dorchester, one of the toughest neighborhoods in all of Boston, is no place for the weak or innocent. Its a territory defined by hard heads and even harder luck, its streets littered with broken families, hearts, dreams. When one of its own, a 4-year-old girl, goes missing, private investigators Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro don't want the case. But after pleas from the child's aunt, they open an investigation that will ultimately risk everything -- their relationship, their sanity, and even their lives -- to find a little girl-lost. JustAli25 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When a young girl, Amanda McCready, goes missing in Boston, the case attracts widespread media attention. Private investigator Patrick Kenzie (played by Casey Affleck) and his partner and girlfriend Angie Gennaro (played by Michelle Monaghan) are hired by the child's Aunt Beatrice to find her. Kenzie and Angie discover Amanda's mother Helene and her boyfriend "Skinny Ray" had recently stolen money from a local drug lord. After Ray is murdered, Patrick and Angie join the police detectives investigating the case, Nick Poole and Remy Bressant, to arrange a trade of the money for Amanda. Police Captain Doyle shows Kenzie a telephone transcript of the drug lord setting up an exchange for Amanda. The exchange at a nearby quarry in Quincy is botched and Amanda is believed to have drowned. Captain Doyle, whose own daughter was also killed years before, takes responsibility and goes into early retirement. Two months later, a seven-year-old boy is abducted in Everett and Kenzie receives information that the boy was taken by a known child molester. After entering the house and finding evidence of the abducted boy, Kenzie returns later with Nick and Remy to rescue him. They are seen by the residents and Nick is shot. Kenzie enters the house and finds one of the residents dead. After being shot at, Kenzie retreats into the child molester's room. He finds the child molester in the room and the boy's dead body in the bathroom, and kills the child molester. Nick later dies in a hospital. Trying to alleviate Kenzie's guilt over the murder, Remy confides in Kenzie that he once planted evidence on someone. During the story, Remy inadvertently reveals that he knew "Skinny Ray" prior to Amanda's abduction. The fact that Remy lied during the investigation puzzles Kenzie, who speaks to a police officer after Nick's funeral. The police officer tells Kenzie that Remy had been asking about the drug lord's stolen money before the drug lord knew it was missing. Kenzie questions Amanda's Uncle Lionel and pieces together that Lionel and Remy conspired in a false kidnapping in order to take the money for themselves and to save Amanda from her mother's poor parenting. At that point, Remy enters the bar and stages a robbery while wearing a latex mask and holding a shotgun. He points the shotgun at Lionel's head, but the bartender shoots Remy twice in the back. Remy flees and is pursued by Kenzie to the rooftop of a nearby building, where he dies. Kenzie is later questioned about Remy's death, and discovers that the transcript that led to the botched exchange for Amanda was a forgery. Kenzie drives with Angie to Captain Doyle's home looking for answers. He discovers Amanda is alive and living very happily with Doyle and his wife. A flashback reveals Amanda's death was staged, and that Doyle was a part of the phony kidnapping all along. Kenzie threatens to call the authorities, but Doyle attempts to convince him that Amanda is better off living with them than with her drug-addicted, careless mother. Kenzie departs to discuss the choice with Angie, who says she will leave him if he calls the police. The police arrive and Doyle is arrested. Amanda is reunited with her mother, and Kenzie and Angie break up. Kenzie later visits Amanda and Helene as Helene is about to leave on a date. She has no babysitter and just plans on having a neighbor check on Amanda, so Kenzie volunteers to watch Amanda. The film ends with Kenzie and Amanda watching television. 
 Manchester by the Sea (2016)871) A depressed uncle is asked to take care of his teenage nephew after the boy's father dies. Lee Chandler is a brooding, irritable loner who works as a handyman for a Boston apartment block. One damp winter day he gets a call summoning him to his hometown, north of the city. His brother's heart has given out suddenly, and he's been named guardian to his 16-year-old nephew. As if losing his only sibling and doubts about raising a teenager weren't enough, his return to the past re-opens an unspeakable tragedy. Jwelch5742 Lee Chandler, who works as a janitor for a property management company responsible for four residential apartment buildings in Quincy, Massachusetts, is an angry, sullen and antisocial man. His demeanor and retreat from life are primarily because of a single incident which led to him leaving his hometown of Manchester-by-the-Sea upstate - his name being infamous in the region by those that don't know him because of that incident - and the break-up of his marriage to his now ex-wife, Randi. The only time Lee ever returns to Manchester is when he receives a telephone call from his fisherman brother, Joe Chandler, who was diagnosed a few years ago with congestive heart failure. Whenever now divorced Joe ends up on an extended stay in the hospital due to his health problems, Lee returns to Manchester to take care of Joe's son, Patrick Chandler, of whom Joe has sole custody. With the latest such telephone call and Lee's subsequent trip to Manchester, Joe dies before Lee makes it to the hospital in nearby Beverly. In what Lee assumes is his temporary guardianship of now sixteen-year-old Patrick becomes legally permanent when he learns, much to his surprise, that Joe has Lee listed in his will not only as Patrick's permanent guardian, but that Lee is to be the trustee for the estate on Patrick's behalf until Patrick becomes of age, Patrick who is the sole beneficiary. Patrick, a typical teenager, is arguably closest to Lee emotionally than any other adult. Despite his father's death, Patrick is still more concerned about maintaining his life as is: hanging out with his friends, including his two girlfriends (who don't know about each other) and his band-mates, playing ice hockey, and keeping Joe's slowly-deteriorating fishing boat (which Patrick sees as his father's legacy), which is financially unfeasible to do. To Patrick, all this means Lee moving back to Manchester as opposed to Patrick moving to Quincy, where Lee only has a one room apartment as part of his job anyway. Lee is not only not equipped to be Patrick's guardian, but is not emotionally prepared to return to Manchester, the site of the "incident" and where Randi still lives, she to whom he has not spoken since their divorce. With no other real options as to a guardian for Patrick - including their close friend George who is anticipating being an empty nester soon, and Patrick's alcoholic mother Elise, whose whereabouts are unknown anyway - Lee has to decide what is best to do for Patrick, which takes into account his own emotional well-being. Huggo Lee Chandler, a sullen and frustrated handyman, lives a life of limited human interaction and emotion. When Lee receives news that his older brother Joe has passed away after suffering a heart attack, he is shocked to discover that he is named as Patrick's (his nephew) guardian. As Lee and Patrick struggle to adjust to a now-changed lifestyle, Lee must simultaneously confront his tormented past that separated him from both his wife, Randi, and the community in which he was raised. Kyle Perez In Quincy, the quiet and ruthless janitor and handyman Lee Chandler is summoned by George (a family friend) to come home to Manchester By The Sea when Lee's older brother Joe is again in hospital after another heart attack. Arriving just after Joe dies, Lee makes arrangements for the funeral with George then seeks to inform his sixteen-year-old nephew Patrick, who's at the hockey practice. They go to the morgue and then head to Joe's lawyer to learn his will. To Lee's surprised, Joe has named him to be Patrick's guardian. Lee is reluctant, neither wanting to stay in Manchester nor deliver his nephew to his alcoholic mother Elise, and decides to bring Patrick with him to Quincy. Patrick, however, does not want to leave his life in the town. While planning Joe's burial and funeral, Lee is haunted by his past in Manchester, where he happily lived with his wife Randi and their three children until the night of a tragedy with his family. What will be his final decision? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Driven away from his hometown and small fishing community of Manchester-by-the-Sea, once-happy Lee Chandler is still incapable of forgiving himself, struggling to pick through the ruins of his utterly destroyed life in Boston. To make matters worse, an irrevocable disaster changes everything, and Lee, probably the least suitable candidate for this responsibility, finds himself burdened with the overwhelming duty of fostering his rebellious sixteen-year-old nephew, Patrick. Now, as Lee is forced to relocate to his old town, trying hard to make the necessary arrangements, the long-suppressed sorrow stemming from his ineffable personal tragedy, gradually exposes the profound layers of grief in his scathed psyche. Will melancholic Lee stop punishing himself for the sake of Patrick? Nick Riganas The story takes place in the present, while including flashbacks to relevant events. The protagonist is Lee Chandler, a janitor and handyman, who lives a solitary life in a basement apartment in Quincy, Massachusetts. The movie opens with scenes of him performing tasks for tenants of the apartment complex where he works. His interaction with them is minimal. After being reprimanded by his boss for swearing at an irritated tenant, he gets into a drunken bar fight with two businessmen believing they were staring at him. Lee receives word that his brother Joe has suffered a cardiac arrest, but he dies before Lee can get to the hospital. Lee insists on being the one to tell Joe's teenage son, Patrick, about his father's death. While making funeral arrangements, they learn that Joe's body cannot be buried until spring when the ground thaws. Lee opts to remain in Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts until the delayed burial.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. We see footage of the fishing village, Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts. Lee Chandler (Casey Affleck) is on a boat with his 8-year-old nephew, Patrick, teasing him, asking who he would rather hang out with him or his father (who is Lees brother, Joe). Patrick answers his father which amuses Joe, in the bridge of the boat. We aren't told but we find ourselves roughly eight years later, in Boston. Lee works as a handyman for an apartment building, dealing with all the tenants who are all rude or difficult in some way the first one is argumentative; the second one loudly talks on the phone how she wants to have sex with the handyman cleaning her shit from the toilet; the third is a woman who accuses him of wanting to see her naked when he suggests turning on the shower to see if it leaks. That woman complains to the building manager. Lee points out that he is working four buildings and all the money goes to the manager. He is asked to apologize to the woman but he remains ambivalent because he did nothing wrong in the exchange. Lee goes to a bar and a woman spills some beer on him, seemingly intentionally, to start up a conversation. He is standoffish with her. Later, two businessmen across the bar note Lee and discuss him briefly. This prompts Lee to approach them, antagonistically. He punches them both. He goes home and falls asleep watching sports on TV. It's now winter. Lee shovels snow. He gets a phone call which he keeps short simply asking the caller when something happened and saying hell come up immediately. Driving, Lee calls the building manager from his phone and says he has to go out of town for a week or two. He gets irritated with the traffic as he makes his way up north. Lee arrives at a hospital. He asks a nurse if he is dead and is told he passed away an hour ago. He remains stoic in response. George (CJ Wilson), a family friend, explains that they were on the boat that morning and he just fell over. The doctor comes and introduces himself to Lee. Lee asks where his brother is and is told he can see him downstairs if he wants. The doctor explains that his heart was very weak and it finally gave out. Lee asks them to call his uncle in Minnetonka, Minnesota and also to call his ex-wife, Randi. We flashback to eight years earlier. Joe (Kyle Chandler) is in the hospital bed with his wife, Elsie (Gretchen Mol), his father, and Lee. They learn that Joe has congestive heart failure and will only live for another five to ten years. Elsie freaks out at this news. When the family keeps the mood light with humor, she storms out. In the present day, Lee is brought down to the morgue to look at the body. Joe is there, dead, cold, lifeless. Now we flashback to seven years earlier, like in the first scene of the film. Lee is on the boat with an 8-year-old Patrick. He teases him about a shark that is going to eat him but Patrick is unfazed, a tough Massachusetts kid. He gets a bite on his fishing pole and begins to reel it in. We cut to the present. Lee rushes up to Manchester to inform Patrick about his father. He drives through the town and has a flashback of seven years earlier, returning home to his wife, Randi (Michelle Williams) who is sick in bed. He says hello to his seven-year-old daughter, playfully teases his five-year-old daughter, and picks up his eight-month-old son. He then kisses Randi despite her being bedridden. He tells her about his day, fishing with Patrick. In present day, Lee stops by Patrick's school and is told his nephew is at hockey practice. He goes to a hockey rink in Gloucester and sees a 16-year-old Patrick on the ice, fighting with another kid. When Patrick sees Lee is there, from out of town, he knows immediately something bad has happened with his father. While the coach chastises him for fighting, he tells him to "fuck his fucking ass" and is told he's benched. He responds with Ask me if I give a shit. The coach becomes furious until the other kids point out that Patrick's uncle is there and his dad is in the hospital. The coach begins to backpedal, becoming sympathetic towards Patrick. Patrick's friends comfort him. Patrick is in Lee's car, having been told the news. Lee has to return to the hospital to sign papers and asks Patrick if he wants to see his dad. They stop in the parking lot and Patrick debates whether he wants to see his dads body. He finally decides, Lets just go so Lee drives off as Patrick tries to exit the car. Patrick gets angry, telling him he meant, "Let's just go INSIDE." Immediately after seeing his father in the morgue, Patrick wants to leave. Lee and him get back to Joe's house and Lee cant open the garage door because he doesn't have the opener. Inside, Patrick asks if he can invite some friends over. Lee says its okay. Patrick is comforted by his girlfriend, Silvie (Kara Hayward), and his two guy friends. That night, Patrick asks Lee if Silvie can spend the night because his dad always let her. Lee asks Patrick why he is asking him. Patrick tells Lee that her parents thinks she sleeps downstairs and if they ask, "can he tell them she isn't staying in his room?" Lee becomes very silent and then asks if he's supposed to tell Patrick to use a condom. Patrick tells him that his dad already had that conversation with him. Lee sits up in the guest bedroom, thinking. We flashback to six years earlier, when Patrick, Joe, and Lee returned home to find Elsie passed out on the couch after drinking all night with no pants or underwear on. Lee has to usher the 8-year-old Patrick upstairs. The next morning, in present day, Patrick is seen emailing his mother. Downstairs, Lee makes arrangements with a funeral home. At school, the hockey coach excuses Patrick for his foul language but orders him to take time off from practice. After school, Lee drives Patrick to see the lawyer for the reading of Joe's will. Five years earlier, we see Lee and his friends playing Ping-Pong in the basement of the home he shares with his wife and kids. They're all loud and drunk and Randi comes down and yells at them to leave because its 2 AM in the morning and her children are upstairs. In the lawyers office, Lee learns the will dictates that he will be Patrick's guardian which is a responsibility he never discussed with his brother; because Joe probably knew he wouldn't have agreed to it. He is told the will stipulates that Lee will provided with expenses for Patrick's clothes and food and that the house and boat are owned outright. Lee explains that he cant commute from Boston every day until Patrick turns 18 but the lawyer points out its expected that Lee relocate to Manchester. He has been left up to $5,000 to help with the move. Lee asks if Patrick can move in with his uncle in Minnetonka but Joe had told the lawyer that he didn't feel Patrick had the same bond with him that he does with Lee. We flashback again to five years earlier, in Manchester, after Lees friends have been kicked out of the house. He is walking home, on a snow-covered street, with a bag of groceries hes got from a nearby store. He hears fire engines in the distance and we see an immediate panic on his face. In the lawyers office, the lawyer suggests Patrick stay with his mother but Lee shuts that idea down immediately. We flashback once again to five years earlier, where Lee comes home to find his house on fire. Randi has made it outside but she has become hysterical, screaming that her three children are still inside. Lee stands, frozen, still holding the bag of groceries. In present day, Lee leaves the lawyers office, realizing he has no choice but to move back to Manchester. In flashback, we see Lee at the police station, explaining that he had been partying with friends and had been high and drunk. Randi kicked them out and he went downstairs to build a fire in the fireplace to warm up the house. He goes on a 15 minute walk to get more beer and halfway there, wonders if he put the fireplace screen up. He figures it will be okay and continues to the store. He tells them a log must have rolled out because when he returned, the house was on fire. Randi was saved because she slept downstairs but the children were upstairs and when the furnace blew, the firefighters couldn't safely retrieve them. The detectives tell Lee that's all the questions they had. Lee asks why hes not going to be charged with a crime but they point out it was a million dollar mistake. He is escorted outside the interview room. Filled with guilt, he grabs a policeman's gun from his holster and tries to shoot himself in the head. But cops take him down and retrieve the gun. Lee and Patrick leave the lawyers office and talk about Joe's boat. Lee plans on selling it but Patrick points out its his boat and hes planning on maintaining it, despite the expenses. Lee points out that Patrick doesn't even have a drivers license but Patrick tells him hes going to run the boat with George, their family friend who works at the wharf. Lee tells Patrick he's going to "knock his fucking block off". A businessman (a cameo by the film's director Kenneth Lonergan) passes and comments, "Great parenting." Lee gets angry with him and tells him to mind his own business. Patrick and Lee make it to the wharf. George tells them the boat needs a new motor which Lee points out they have not been given any allotment to purchase and asks George if he wants to purchase the boat. Patrick argues that hes not selling it while George tells Lee the boat is going to bleed Lee dry if they just leave it docked. Lee tells George that they're moving to Boston anyway and George comments that Lee can come and stay with him on weekends. When Lee asks if George wants to be his guardian, both Patrick and George explain that he has five kids already. On the dock, Patrick yells at Lee for asking George to be his guardian. He notes that he doesn't want to be sent to Minnetonka to live with his uncle and asks about staying with his mother. Lee tells Patrick that that judge would not allow Patrick to stay with her (a hint at the aftermath of her excessive drinking that we've seen in flashbacks) and adds that no one knows where she is. Patrick tells her she's in Connecticut and he talks to her on occasion via email. The two of them stop by the funeral parlor where the undertaker goes over the funeral with Lee. Outside, Patrick says he thinks the guys somber act was phony because every customer he meets with, every day, has gone through the same loss. He asks Lee why they cant bury his father but Lee tells them the ground is too hard because of the cold and they have to wait until spring. Patrick asks what happens to the body until then. Lee tells him they put him in a freezer until the ground thaws out. Patrick tells him the idea of his dad in a freezer freaks him out. Lee tells him its not HIM in the freezer; just his body. Patrick suggests using mini-steam shovels to dig a hole in the ground. Lee tells him using heavy equipment in a cemetery would offend the families of those buried there. Patrick asks about burying him somewhere else and Lee tells him this is where Joe arranged for his plot and if Patrick wants to go through the long process of changing everything, he can. Patrick tells him he just doesn't like his father being in a freezer. Driving home, Patrick asks if he can be dropped off at his girlfriends house. When they arrive, Patrick reveals that he's at the house of Sandy, not Silvie, the girlfriend that we've met before. Patrick asks Lee not to say anything. Patrick has band practice with Sandy and their friends. Lee waits for him outside and is greeted by Sandys mom who asks him if he wants to join them for supper. Lee declines, picking up a romantic interest from the woman. He says hell come back when Patrick is ready. She tells him they say they usually do their homework together until about 9:30 PM but notes that they most likely are being sexual instead. We see Patrick and Sandy kissing and undressing in her bedroom. Her mother knocks on the door, forcing them to break up the activity. Lee is back in Joe's house and gets a phone call from Randi, his ex-wife. She has heard about Joe's death and wants to give her condolences. She asks if it would be okay for her to attend the funeral and he says, Of course. She then confesses that shes pregnant and wants him to know now because it will be obvious when he sees her again. Lee tells her he has to pick up Patrick and she tells him that's okay; she just wanted to make sure it was okay for her and Josh to attend the funeral. We flashback to five years earlier. In the same living room Lee is currently in, there is a memorial service for his children. Randi is being comforted. Lee is in the living room, numb. He takes off his shoes, making himself comfortable, not able to mourn. The next day, there is a service at Georges house for Joe. Silvie is there, comforting Patrick. George tries to talk to Lee but hes crestfallen and lost in his thoughts. George begins to shout out to his wife to get Lee some food but she says she cant hear him; Lee tells him he doesn't want to eat and George tries to relay this message and it goes back and forth. Back at Joe's house, Patrick asks if Silvie can stay over but Lee tells him no because he doesn't like her. For the first time, Lee has treated Patrick like a guardian and not a buddy. Patrick seems somewhat impressed by this and he goes to talk to Lee, asking why he is staying in the guest room instead of Joe's bedroom. (Obviously Lee is still going through the motions as if Joe was still alive.) Lee explains hes fine in the guest room because hes going to move back to Boston soon. Patrick argues that Lee lives as a janitor in Boston and there's no reason he couldn't relocate to Manchester, while Patrick would be leaving his high school and all his sports teams and his friends and his two girlfriends if he left. He asks Lee why he cares where he lives. We flashback to five years earlier Lee packs up his car, leaving town shortly after losing his children. Joe asks him where hes going to stay and he says a motel. Joe then encourages the 10-year-old Patrick to say goodbye to his Uncle Lee. (Its now obvious that Lee doesn't want to relocate to Manchester because it reminds him of the loss of his three children). That night, Patrick opens the freezer, looking for a snack. Some packages of frozen meat slide out. He tries to put them back in and hits his head on the door. He then begins having a full on panic attack and Lee comes in to calm him down. Patrick is taken up to his bedroom, still panicked and angry. He tells Lee to leave him alone but Lee insists on staying, asking if Patrick's having a breakdown and that he should be taken to a mental hospital if he cant handle the sight of frozen chicken. Patrick admits he doesn't like his dad being in the freezer and tha'ts what set off the panic attack. He tells Lee he is calmer now and asks him to get out but Lee refuses, now fully taking on the role of a guardian. Its five years earlier Lee moves into the apartment building he was seen fixing at the beginning of the film, which he shows off to Joe and a young Patrick. Back in present day, Lee is still in Patrick's bedroom. He tells him hes decided to wait until the school year ends to move them to Boston. Patrick asks if hes asking him or telling him. Lee says hes telling him whats best. Patrick asks why he cares whether or not its okay with him because hes already decided for the both of them. Lee argues that Boston is only 30 minutes away but Patrick finds this comment hysterical, stating its a 90 minute drive in traffic. Lee drops Patrick off at school and gives him some money, asking why Patrick needs it because hes given money for helping George with the boat. Patrick tells him hes saving that money to buy a new motor. Back at home, Lee enters Joes bedroom and see photos of his family on the dresser. He abruptly smashes his fist through a window. As his knuckles bleed, the phone rings. It's Elise, Joe's ex-wife and Patrick's mother, on the line. Lee doesn't know how to respond so he just hangs up. That night, Patrick asks Lee why he didn't tell him his mom called. She has emailed him that shes in Essex and wants Patrick to see her new house and meet her fianc. He says he hung up because he didn't know what to say and he didn't tell Patrick because he didn't know what to say to him. Patrick suggests living in Essex with his mom and states shes not an alcoholic anymore. This way, he can stay at the same school and keep his friends and the boat and Lee can go back to Boston. Lee says he wont allow that but he will talk to her and if she sounds normal, hell let Patrick have lunch with her. While Patrick works on the boat he inherited, Lee goes around the boat yard looking for a job. But he seemingly has a bad reputation in town and people are reluctant to employ him. On the way back home, Patrick tells Lee that the piston is about to give out in the motor. Lee tells him they cant afford a boat if they cant hire someone to work on it and no one will work on it if the motor is broken. Patrick asks Lee to drop him off at Sandy's house for band practice. When they arrive, he asks him to stay for dinner because Sandy's mom likes him and that will give Patrick time to get sexual with Sandy. Lee reluctantly agrees. That night, Sandy's mom tries to chat up Lee but he says very little. Upstairs, Patrick tries to put a condom on but trips over Sandy's doll house. She complains that her grandmother gave it to her. Downstairs, Sandy's mom asks whats going on and Sandy complains about the doll house and Sandy's mom shouts that it belonged to her mother. Sandy's mom excuses herself upstairs and knocks on the door. Patrick and Sandy have to get dressed again to pretend like they're working at her computer. Sandy's mom tells her daughter that Lee wont talk to her and she cant sit down there any longer with him. Driving home, Patrick sardonically thanks Lee for his help. Patrick is driven to Elise's house in Essex. Its been years since shes seen her son and she marvels at how big he has gotten. Patrick is introduced to her fianc, Jeffrey (Matthew Broderick), and they all sit down for lunch. Patrick notes all the religious paraphernalia around the house (seemingly the product of Elise's AA program). Jeffrey says grace and then Elise chastises Patrick for not saying amen. He points out he did say it but quietly. Elise tells him shes sure her new life is a shock to him and they continue having awkward conversation, with her stating that he doesn't need to be formal and he should treat their house as his home, too. Jeffrey asks Patrick what hes studying in school and he responds, The usual stuff. Elise excuses herself to the kitchen, leaving Jeffrey and Patrick alone. Jeffrey continues asking awkward questions, like if Patrick has gotten any string beans. After a while, he excuses himself into the kitchen, too, to check on Elise. Back in the car, Patrick tells Lee that his mom was really nervous and her fianc was really Christian. Lee comments that it sounds like Patrick's mother is doing better and not drinking or in the psych ward. Patrick gets angry, accusing Lee that hell do anything to get rid of him. At home, Patrick receives an email from Jeffrey, telling him his mother would prefer they not rush into future visits and that all discussion with her should now go through Jeffrey. Downstairs, Lee asks Patrick if he wants to invite friends over but Patrick is dismissive to the idea. Lee enters Joe's den and sees all the handguns on the wall. Patrick is standing behind him, unbeknownst to him, and asks Lee which one of them he plans on shooting. Lee tells him the guns are worth a lot of money and they could sell them for the new motor. Cut to the boat with a new motor installed. Patrick drives the boat alongside George as Lee watches. Later that day, Lee walks back to his car and runs into Randi and one of her friends. Randi is pushing her new baby in a stroller. Her friend excuses herself to get the car, leaving Randi and Lee time to talk. Randi goes into a heartfelt speech about how she would like to have lunch with him and how she feels awful for the terrible things she said to him (after their children died). She admits she was acting out because she was heartbroken and still is; but she knows he is, as well. She continues to apologize but he gets uncomfortable and tells her no to the lunch. Randi tells him she sees him walking around now and wants to let him know she was wrong; he ends the conversation shortly and leaves. The exchange has rattled Lee. He goes to a nearby bar and punches a guy who accidentally clips him as he walks by. George is there and he breaks up the fight. Lee is taken to Georges living room, banged up, while George and his wife discuss Lee and the fight. Life becomes peaceful. Patrick shows Sandy his boat. He lives in harmony with Lee. Sandy spends the night and they finally are able to be sexual (we see them entangled in the aftermath). Lee now has a job as a handyman in Manchester. He helps a man with his hot-water heater. The man recognizes him as Stan Chandlers son and notes that he used to play chess with his dad. He also carelessly notes that he heard one of his sons has died. Lee makes dinner, heating up sauce for spaghetti. He goes to rest on the living room sofa and opens his eyes to see his two daughters seated beside him. One asks, Cant you see were burning? He tries to assure her shes not burning but wakes up when a smoke alarm sounds he has fallen asleep and the sauce has burned on the stove, causing the house to fill with smoke. Over dinner, Lee tells Patrick that he got a job as a handyman in Boston but for only two buildings instead of four. Lee tells Patrick that he doesn't have to come to Boston because George is going to take him in two of his five kids are moving out soon anyway. They can rent out Joe's home until Patrick turns 18 and then he can move back in. When hes 21, he can sell it or stay in it and they can hire the boat out after the summer ends. Lee will remain the trustee but all the financial things set up for Lee will transfer to George. Patrick asks if George and his wife will be his guardians and Lee tells him they're going to adopt him. This upset Patrick and he begins to cry. Spring has come and they are finally able to give Joe a burial service. Randi is there with her baby and her husband. Afterwards, Patrick is told Lee will stay with him until July; he doesn't even have a place to stay in Boston yet. Hes declined the apartment the building offers him to do handiwork and is in search of a bigger place in case Patrick ends up going to college in Boston and needs to stay overnight sometime. Patrick says hes not going to college so Lee tells him then the extra room will be for all his shit. Lee tells Patrick that he would stay there if he could but its impossible to recover from what happened (to his children). The film ends with Lee and Patrick on the boat, on the sea, just like the opening of the film. 
 The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford (2007)431) Robert Ford, who's idolized Jesse James since childhood, tries hard to join the reforming gang of the Missouri outlaw, but gradually becomes resentful of the bandit leader. Taking place in Missouri in the early 1880s, the film dramatizes the last seven months in the life of famed outlaw Jesse James, beginning with the Blue Cut train robbery of 1881 and culminating in his assassination at the hands of Robert Ford the following April. In the time between these two fateful events, the young and jealous Ford befriends the increasingly mistrustful outlaw, even as he plots his demise. Cole Matthews A brother to one of the members of the James Gang, Robert Ford idolizes Jesse and wants to fit in during a time the gang is slowing down on their criminal activity. Ford eventually turns from a groupie after James settles down to wanting the notoriety of being the one who is responsible for bringing him to justice. The beauty of the story telling along with the wonderful country winter scenes makes this into an art form I really enjoy watching it is slow paced and historically accurate. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Robert Ford (Casey Affleck) seeks out Jesse James (Brad Pitt) when the James gang is planning a train robbery in Blue Cut, Missouri, making petty, unsuccessful attempts to join the gang with the help of his brother Charley (Sam Rockwell), already a member of the James gang. The train turns out to be carrying only a fraction of the money originally thought, and Frank James (Sam Shepard) informs Charley Ford that the robbery would be the last the James brothers would commit, and that the gang had "gave up their nightridin' for good". Jesse returns home to Kansas City, bringing the Fords, Dick Liddil (Paul Schneider) and his cousin, Wood Hite (Jeremy Renner). Jesse sends Charley, Wood and Dick away, but insists that Bob stay, leading Bob to believe Jesse has taken a shine to him. It transpires that Jesse only required Bob to stay to assist him moving his furniture to a new home. Jesse then allows him to stay with the James family for a few extra days. Bob spends these days obsessing over Jesse, before being sent away to return to his sister's farmhouse and rejoin Wood, Dick and Charley. Dick Liddil reveals to Bob that he is in collusion with another member of the James gang, Jim Cummins, to capture Jesse for a substantial bounty. Meanwhile, Jesse visits another gang member, Ed Miller (Garret Dillahunt), who unwittingly gives away information on Cummins's plot. Jesse kills Miller, then departs with Dick Liddil to hunt down Jim Cummins. Unable to locate Jim, Jesse viciously beats Albert Ford (Jesse Frechette), a young cousin of Bob and Charley. Dick returns to the Boltons' farmhouse, and is involved in a dispute with Wood Hite, ending in Wood's death at the hands of Robert Ford. Hite's body is dumped in the woods, in an effort to conceal this from Jesse. Jesse and Charley Ford travel to St. Joseph, Missouri, and Jesse learns of Wood's disappearance, which Charley denies knowing anything about. Meanwhile, Bob approaches Kansas City police commissioner, Henry Craig (Michael Parks), revealing that he has information regarding Jesse James's whereabouts. To prove his allegiance with the James gang, Bob urges Craig to arrest Dick Liddil. Following Dick's arrest, and subsequent confession to his involvement in numerous James gang robberies, Bob brokers a deal with the Governor of Missouri, Thomas T. Crittenden (James Carville), in which he is given 10 days to capture or kill Jesse James. After being persuaded by Charley, Jesse agrees to take Bob into the gang, and the Ford brothers travel to Jesse's home in St. Joseph, to stay with him, his wife Zee (Mary-Louise Parker), and their two children. Jesse plans numerous robberies with the Fords, beginning with the Platte City bank. On the morning of 3 April 1882, Jesse and the Ford brothers prepare to depart for the Platte City robbery. After reading the morning newspaper, Jesse learns of the arrest and confessions of Dick Liddil. The Fords excuse themselves into the living room, and put on their gun holsters. Jesse removes his own gun belt, lest he look suspicious to the neighbours, and climbs a chair to clean a dusty picture. Robert Ford shoots Jesse James in the back of the head, and the Ford brothers flee the James household, sending a telegram to the Governor to announce Jesse's killing, for which they receive $10,000. After the assassination, the Fords become celebrities with a theater show in Manhattan, re-enacting the assassination with Bob playing himself, and Charley as Jesse James. Guilt-stricken, Charley pens numerous letters to Zee James asking for her forgiveness, none of which he mails. Overwhelmed with despair, Charles Ford commits suicide in May 1884. On June 8, 1892, Bob is sought out and murdered by a man named Edward O'Kelley (Michael Copeman), while working as a saloonkeeper in Creede, Colorado. Despite O'Kelley being ordered to serve a life sentence in prison, Colorado Governor James Bradley Orman pardoned him in 1902. 
 Ocean's Eleven (2001)541) Danny Ocean and his ten accomplices plan to rob three Las Vegas casinos simultaneously. Danny Ocean wants to score the biggest heist in history. He combines an eleven member team, including Frank Catton, Rusty Ryan and Linus Caldwell. Their target? The Bellagio, the Mirage and the MGM Grand. All casinos owned by Terry Benedict. It's not going to be easy, as they plan to get in secretly and out with $150 million. Film_Fan Recently paroled con artist Danny Ocean is a man who keeps his cool in situations unlikely to make any individual comfortable. No sooner does he violate his parole that he's traveling around the country gathering people for his next big scheme: to rob three casinos owned by the ever ruthless Terry Benedict. With the aid of a right hand man named Rusty, a thief out of retirement, a pickpocket, a card dealer, a surveillance man, a Chinese acrobat, an explosives expert, two frontmen, and a bitter casino mogul, they make up Ocean's eleven, out to make one very big score. MonkeyKingMA Danny Ocean is a thief who has just been paroled from prison. He seeks out his partner, Rusty and he has a job. And it is to rob the vault that houses the cash of three casinos in Las Vegas. And he plans to rob it on a night when 150 million is in it. So they recruit nine guys and they begin to put Ocean's plan in motion. Everything is going well until Rusty discovers that Ocean's ex-wife, Tess is the main squeeze of Terry Benedict the (ruthless) owner of the casinos. Rusty asks him what is he going to do if he has to choose. But Ocean says that if his plan goes smoothly, he is going to be able to have his cake and eat it. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Daniel Ocean (George Clooney), a convicted thief, is being questioned by a parole board about his upcoming release from prison and the chances of him breaking the law again. The board implies they know Danny has been involved in several other robbery and fraud cases, although he was never officially accused or charged, which Danny simply confirms that he was indeed never charged. They ask him why he committed this particular crime or why he was caught this time. He claims the reason for his crime was that his ex-wife, Tess, left him, and he spiraled out of control. When asked what he would do if released from prison, he simply smiles without answering. Ocean is released from his New Jersey prison and goes to an Atlantic City casino to meet with an old friend, Frank Cotton (Bernie Mac) who works there as a blackjack dealer. The two of them pretend not to know each other and uses coded phrases to meet up later somewhere more private away from casino security. They talk about "him" and where to find "him". Frank asks Danny if he already has a job in mind to which Danny simply states that he just came out of prison. Next, he's off to Hollywood (breaking the terms of his parole, which require him to stay in New Jersey) to reunite with "him" who turns out to be his right-hand man Rusty Ryan (Brad Pitt). Rusty is bored out of his mind trying to teach TV and movie stars how to play real poker. Danny sneaks into their meeting and, with a little help from Rusty, cons the stars into betting a lot of money on a hand Danny wins easily. They then move into a more private club where Danny reveals he has a job in mind which targets casino tycoon Terry Benedict (Andy Garcia). Benedict owns three Las Vegas casino-hotels: the Bellagio, the Mirage, and the MGM Grand. All three casinos share one vault, and Ocean plans to assemble a crew to empty that vault. Rusty is skeptical of Danny's plan but pledges his support and his valuable insight. Rusty questions Danny's reasons for the heist to which Danny provides a contrived and humorous speech. Together, they go over exactly what would be needed to pull the job, who they would need in their crew and who they could get to finance the operation. They find their financier in their old friend, the flamboyantly wealthy Reuben Tishkoff (Elliott Gould). Reuben is not interested at first because he knows a lot about the outrageously tight security in casinos and deems the scheme unlikely to succeed. He changes his mind however when he learns the target is Benedict, an old enemy of his. With Reuben's financial backing secured, Danny and Rusty starts discussing the crew. Frank Cotton pulls some strings to get transferred to one of Benedict's casinos in Las Vegas to serve as an inside man. The Malloy brothers, Turk (Scott Caan) and Virgil (Casey Affleck), are a humorous pair of car enthusiasts from Utah recruited for transportation and multiple other skills. In charge of the electronics is the anxious and jumpy Livingston Dell (Eddie Jemison). Basher Tarr (Don Cheadle) is Danny and Rusty's top choice for a demolitions man, but his other project and subsequent arrest require Rusty to rescue him from the cops, which he does by impersonating an arrogant ATF agent. In San Diego they find their "grease man" in Yen (Shaobo Qin), a circus acrobat. Rusty then meets up and guilts old-timer Saul Bloom (Carl Reiner) out of retirement in Florida. With 10 people already committed, the two agrees they need an eleventh member. Danny goes to Chicago to recruit a young but highly skilled pickpocket Linus Caldwell (Matt Damon), son of the infamous thief Bobby Caldwell who referred him to Danny without telling him it's his son. Danny is successful in wooing Linus. Everyone converges to Ruben's house in Las Vegas for their very first meeting where the whole plan will be discussed in details. Danny gives fair warning to everyone that the job could be extremely lucrative but also extremely dangerous and that if they join him inside the house, they are now officially part of the job and cannot back out. Everyone goes in except Linus who still appears reluctant until Reuben abruptly tells him to "get in the god damn house" with everybody else. Danny and Rusty proceeds to reveal the target and all the security measures they will have to deal with in order to pull the job. However, Danny believes they can grab over $150 million from Benedict's vault if they pull the job on the night of a big upcoming boxing match scheduled in two weeks. The team set up camp in one of the Bellagio suite and prepares to carry out the heist. They canvas the whole location to make sure they know everything there is to know. They tap into the surveillance system to have an eye on everything and everyone. They build an exact replica of the vault in a warehouse to familiarize themselves and practice parts of their plan, mostly for Yen to learn how to move inside the vault without triggering the alarm system which will be fully functional at this particular part of their plan. Saul impersonates an international arms dealer residing at the hotel and looking to ask Benedict for a favor. Under the pretense of wanting to stash some extremely valuable stones safely, Saul cons Benedict into offering to stash them into his casino vault. The stones in question are explosives created by Basher to look like gems. Linus is assigned to shadowing Terry Benedict, much to his chagrin. He is excited to be included in the group but upset that, with all his skills, he is given little responsibility. During his surveillance of Benedict, Linus unknowingly reveals to Rusty something Danny had been keeping secret from everyone so far, his true motive for pulling this job; Terry Benedict has a gorgeous girlfriend, Danny's ex-wife Tess (Julia Roberts). Rusty confronts Danny at the warehouse, where Danny admits that Terry and Tess are dating and his intention is to win her back. Rusty is understandably upset and threatens to abandon the project, fearing Danny may compromise the job to get his girlfriend back. Danny assures him he has a very specific plan for Tess and the rest of the crew is not in jeopardy of losing their fair share of the score. At this point we see that Tess and Terry's relationship is a little bit awkward and not very close. Danny surprises Tess at a restaurant and admits to her that he came to Vegas to take her back which makes her angry. But through this hostile interaction we can see that Tess and Danny are far more passionate and closer than Tess and Terry could ever be. They have a brief conversation before Terry shows up to join Tess for dinner, oblivious and unconcerned to Danny's intentions towards either his money or his girlfriend. When a former casino-hotel is demolished through bombing, Basher brings the team some bad news when he finds out a weakness he was looking to exploit in the hotel's electrical system, will no longer be available due to the city's electrical engineers now aware of that weakness and fixing it after the hotel lost power. As a solution, he decides to cause an electrical pinch by connecting a bomb like device that fries circuitry with a huge electromagnetic pulse straight into the city's main power lines. The device in question however, is in California which requires the team to make a detour. Danny, Basher, Yen, Linus and the Malloys take a van and drives to California. Linus is left in the van with the brothers which annoys him quickly. Unable to sit in anymore he goes inside to join Danny but Danny and the others have already grabbed the device and are exiting the building. They leave only to realize Linus is no longer with them. Linus is able to escape the building but not without triggering an alarm and getting chased by security. Upon leaving in a hurry, Yen's hand gets broken when the backdoor violently slams on it. Danny and the others are obviously frustrated by Linus' mistake and potential compromise of the job. Back at the hotel, the team is worried because Danny has been "red-flagged" by security and will now be watched wherever he goes in the hotel. With his anger and embarrassment boiling over, Linus reveals to everyone that Danny is after Tess and that is the reason he was caught, and Rusty confesses to Danny that he ordered Linus to watch him. With Danny now unable to take a step without being tracked, he is a liability and Rusty kicks him off the team. The responsibility of "triggering the vault" is given to Linus, a show of respect he had been dying for, but now that the task is actually conferred upon him, he is nervous. Fight night arrives and everything is set in motion. Yen is hidden inside one of the vault carts and is sneaked into the vault along with Saul's suitcase containing the explosive fake gems. To get close to the vault -- and also to keep Terry distracted -- Linus poses as an agent of the Nevada Gaming Commission who comes to Terry with evidence that the Bellagio is illegally employing a convicted criminal as a dealer. The criminal in question is their inside man Frank Cotton, who drags out the interrogation by accusing "agent" Linus of racism. During the altercation with Frank, Linus pickpockets the vault's security codes from Benedict. Terry is so eager to get back to work after this meeting that when, on the way out, Linus claims to have left something behind in the conference room, Terry leaves Linus to show himself out -- which of course he doesn't. Linus uses the codes to make his way to the vault elevator. Meanwhile, Danny meets up with Tess, claiming he will leave her alone and giving her one last kiss on the cheek before leaving. He then hangs out at the hotel's casino where he makes sure Benedict sees him. Benedict orders his thugs to teach Danny a lesson. The thugs lead Danny to a private backroom and leave him alone with a monstrous sized man to beat him up. The man happens to be a friend of Danny paid by him to pretend he is beating up Danny. The man throws himself around and makes a lot of noise so the thugs on the other side of the door believe Danny is being massacred. Danny actually sneaks into the hotel's air duct and makes his way to the vault's elevator shaft where he surprises Linus, revealing he and Rusty played Linus to give him the opportunity to play a key role. In the meantime, Rusty, Saul, Turk, and Virgil distract the vault monitors in the security headquarters by having Saul pretend to have a heart attack. While the monitors are distracted, Livingston taps into their computer system and have it display a video they shot in their vault's replica where all they see from then on is a peaceful vault with nothing going on inside. He also makes Linus disappear from the other cameras while he is heading to the vault. With everyone in position, Basher cuts power across the whole city by triggering the pinch. Danny and Linus break into the vault, with help from Yen waiting inside, all unseen by the video cameras. Rusty then calls Terry on a cell phone Danny planted on Tess to reveal that he is being robbed. Incredulous, Terry goes to his security center to find that nothing is happening, until the monitors switch back to the real live feed and show three men in the vault packing all the money into black duffer bags marked with X's. The robbers rig the money with explosives and split it into two parts. They threaten to blow up all the money unless Benedict lets them get away with half of it. Upon hearing this, Benedict calls 911 and asks for a S.W.A.T. team. Benedict complies with Rusty's demands knowing that the S.W.A.T. team is on the way. With half the money in the vault and half the money being driven away in a van, Benedict accepts his loss and focuses on catching the culprits by allowing the S.W.A.T. team to enter the vault under cover of darkness. S.W.A.T enters the vault and a confrontation ensues where the explosives are triggered, blowing up the money. Benedict goes down to the vault to assess the damages and angrily calls for S.W.A.T to leave the premises. Benedict then orders his men to retrieve the money from the van but learns the bad news that the van was blown up too. He is then surprised to find out the van was not carrying money but just fliers advertising prostitutes. Benedict then realizes he has been played. Through flashbacks, it is revealed that the video of the three men loading up the duffer bags inside the vault was also a video shot within the team's vault replica. Livingston had tapped into the hotel's phone network and intercepted the 911 call. The S.W.A.T team that responded was the rest of Ocean's crew coming down to help clear out the vault. In the dark, the crew staged a confrontation while they were actually loading the real money into their gear bags. Benedict realizes that somebody made a duplicate of his vault, and that he just watched the S.W.A.T. team walk out with ALL of his money. Meanwhile, Tess is in her room, now fully aware that Danny is robbing her boyfriend when she receives a phone call to turn on her TV to a specific channel. The channel in question is the camera outside the backroom where Danny is supposedly getting beat up. Danny has slipped back into the room and allows the big man to give him a few real shots for looks. Terry goes to confront Danny, correctly assuming that he is somehow responsible. While never admitting anything, Danny tells Terry that he can get the money back if he's willing to give up Tess, who can hear everything. Terry agrees without hesitating and Tess is furious. Danny then says he knows a guy and that he'll find out who took Benedict's money within 24 hours. Frustrated beyond belief, Terry gives Danny to the police and he is arrested for violating his parole. Tess meets Terry as she's leaving and lets him know she knows what just happened. She finds Danny before the police takes him away and promises to wait for him to come out of jail just as he planned. Everyone in the crew (minus Ocean), about $15 million richer, watches the fountain show in front of the Bellagio to the music of Claire de Lune before leaving one by one all proud of what they just accomplished. Three to six months later, Danny is released from the same prison as earlier, only this time, Rusty is waiting for him with Tess in the car. Danny laughs at Rusty's old car when Rusty points out that Benedict's thugs are currently watching them. Danny joins Tess in the back of the car and Rusty drives them off, unconcerned by Benedict's thugs following them. 