nm0003345:

 The Practice (19972004)Summaries We follow the exploits and cases of defense attorneys of a Boston law firm. Bobby Donnell is the senior defense attorney and founder of the firm. Bobby Donnell is the head of a struggling Boston law firm that seems to constantly struggle with ethical themes while defending murderers, rapists, etc. Jimmy, Eugene, Ellenor and Lindsay are junior attorneys with the firm, the streetwise receptionist, and Helen the firm's frequent adversary with the D.A.'s office in this smart and clever weekly series. Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Malcolm in the Middle (20002006)431) A gifted young teen tries to survive life with his dimwitted, dysfunctional family. An offbeat, laugh track-lacking sitcom about a bizarrely dysfunctional family, the center of which is Malcolm, the middle of the two brothers who still live at home. His eldest (and favorite) sibling, Francis, boards at military school because his parents believe it will reform him and keep him out of trouble. Malcolm often has a hard time coping with his family life, but he has more troubles to contend with when he starts receiving special treatment at school after being diagnosed as an intellectually advanced genius. Ondre Lombard <olombard@lombard.dialup.cyberverse.com> Malcolm in the Middle follows a dysfunctional family in an anonymous location. The family is headed by super-stressed supermom Lois, and eccentric child-at-heart Hal. The eldest son, Francis, once a wild youth, now lives on a ranch with his wife, Piama. Next in line is dimwitted ne'r-do-well Reece. Second youngest emerging genius and evil mind in the making Dewey, and baby Jamie, already a troublemaker, is the youngest. Smack in the middle is Malcolm, a moody certified genius who seems to be the only hope his family has. Since his discovery at the age of eleven, Malcolm has been his own worst enemy - though he'll tell you that his family is his worst enemy. Bree Mantha (silent_alarm_activated) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A young boy in a pungent, dysfunctional family, struggles with many issues normal kids face. Malcom goes through everyday life dealing with girls, stingy neighbors, and even his own bewildered family. 
 Beethoven (1992)431) A slobbering St. Bernard becomes the center of attention for a loving family, but must contend with a dog-napping veterinarian and his henchmen. The Newton family live in their comfortable home, but there seems to something missing. This "hole" is filled by a small puppy, who walks into their home and their lives. Beethoven, as he is named, grows into a giant of a dog... a St Bernard. Doctor Varnick, the local vet has a secret and horrible sideline, which requires lots of dogs for experiments. Beethoven is on the bad doctor's list. Rob Hartill Barely escaping from nefarious dognappers, an adorable puppy named Beethoven adopts the unsuspecting Newton family and promptly grows up into 185 pounds of romping, drooling, disaster-prone St. Bernard. Unfortunately, even after proving his canine credentials to mom and the kids, the heroic hound gets nowhere with uptight dad, George. But when a beastly veterinarian makes Beethoven the target of an unspeakable animal experiment, George becomes the only hope for saving the Newton's furriest family member. Official DVD cover Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A group of puppies are stolen from a pet store by two thieves. A St. Bernard puppy escapes and sneaks into the Newton family's home. The workaholic father, George Newton, doesn't want the responsibility of owning a dog, but his wife, Alice, and their children, Ryce, Ted, and Emily, convince him. They give him the name "Beethoven" when Emily plays a portion of Ludwig van Beethoven's Fifth Symphony on the piano and the dog barks along to it. Beethoven grows into an extremely fat adult dog and helps the children overcome their problems: he helps Ryce talk to her crush, scares off bullies for Ted, and saves Emily's life when she falls into an irresponsible babysitter's swimming pool. George, jealous of the affection Beethoven receives, feels neglected as his family fawns over him. His antics ruin a barbecue he is hosting for Brad and Brie, rude, unpleasant venture capitalists looking to invest in and secretly swindle him out of his car freshener firm. The Newtons take Beethoven to a veterinarian, Dr. Herman Varnick, for a routine medical examination and immunizations. They are unaware that he is involved in unethical and deadly animal experimentation. He speaks to George and tells him of a supposed mental instability among St. Bernards making them potentially dangerous to humans and advises him to watch Beethoven closely for any sign of viciousness. He actually requires large-skulled dogs such as St. Bernards for an ammunition test. Dr. Varnick visits the Newton home under the guise of doing a follow-up exam on Beethoven. He puts fake blood on his arm and hits Beethoven until he leaps on him. He pretends to be in agony, warning George that Beethoven may be turning aggressive and must be euthanized or he will have no choice but to press charges. Emily, who saw Dr. Varnick hit him, protests that the attack was fake, but George, fearing for his family's safety, reluctantly takes him to Dr. Varnick's office. It is on the way there that George discovers his own affections for him: he remembers his father had to take their dog to the vet to be euthanized and he never forgave him for it. He fears that his own family will hate him now for taking Beethoven to be euthanized. When he returns home with the empty leash and collar, his family leaves the dinner table rather than remain with him. After recognizing the children's sadness and having a conversation with Alice, the Newtons go to Dr. Varnick's office, but he lies and claims that Beethoven has already been euthanized. George notices that Dr. Varnick has no bite marks on his arm and punches him. The Newtons follow him to his warehouse. Beethoven breaks free but is recaptured by Dr. Varnick's two associates, Harvey and Vernon, while Alice calls the police. George crashes through the skylight just as Dr. Varnick prepares to shoot Beethoven. Before he can, a captive Jack Russell Terrier bites him in the crotch, causing him to fire a shot in the air. After hearing the gunshot, Ted drives the car through the door and runs it into a cart, launching numerous syringes into Dr. Varnick and sedating him. As the Newtons reunite with Beethoven and free all the captive dogs, they notice Harvey and Vernon trying to escape and send the dogs after them. They escape into a junkyard, only to be attacked by a pack of Dobermans guarding it. Dr. Varnick, Harvey, and Vernon are arrested for animal abuse. The Newtons are praised as heroes by the news and George takes a new liking to Beethoven. Ryce also gets a phone call from her crush. The Newtons then go to sleep, saying good night to Beethoven and all of the dogs they rescued, who are all sleeping in their bedroom. 
 Pacific Blue (19962000)Summaries Bicycle officers patrol Santa Monica, California. This flashy cop series is all about the bicycle patrol of the Santa Monica Police Department, in which the officers and their flashy equipment are as young and casual as their work area, mainly the beach, and as agile and well-trained on their bikes as traditional mounted police on horseback. The bulk of their work is prevention and petty crime, such as pickpockets and purse-snatchers, but of course the more spectacular atypical cases, often one-offs, sometimes even involving the FBI, get extra attention. No less attention is paid to the relationships between all these hotshots (some change during the series), young and ambitious, sexy and horny, so there's lots of temptation, amorous and professional rivalry, conflicting personal and professional interests. Of course this causes most worries for their commanding Lieutenant, usually the one who has to deal with the regular hierarchy above him, originally Anthony Palermo, later on the very former rookie who long gave him most cause for concern, Terence "T.C." Callaway. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 