nm0003208:

 Lo scandalo della Banca Romana (2010 TV Movie)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mattia Barba, a young journalist in search of success, is forced to close his newspaper "The Cefal Courier", because his fellow Sicilians do not seem to be interested in reading the truth. He decides to go to Rome because he is convinced that there he will able to write freely for newspapers such as "Il Popolo Italiano" (The Italian People), to broadcast the truth from the rooftops and change the world. At the time Mattia's story takes place, Italy was seething with a scandal which eventually involved politicians, public officials, businessmen, members of parliament and even three prime minister. It was a scandal which showed to the entire country a panorama of devastating corruption and scheming among bankers, businessmen, the clergy, journalists, politicians and the Mafia. Mattia also finds himself dragged into this net of unprecedented corruption and finds himself forced to make a difficult moral choice: on the one hand, the simple, concrete ethics practiced by his father. On the other, the moral code adopted by his fascinating director, caustically summed up by Diderot in "The Man and the Moral" as "Man's only duty is to make himself happy". The young Sicilian journalist is initially dazzled by his new life in the capital, by the prospect of rapid and brilliant success and his love for Renata, a beautiful singer. Only gradually does he begins to realise the innate cruently of the system and to accept that he must pay a personal price to recover his integrity and honesty and to unmask those responsible. 
 Good and Evil (2009)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A girl drags herself along the floor of her apartment, she has voluntarily swallowed bleach. A suicide. A man accidentally shoots at his brother. A fatality. A loving father, on his way home with his family, sees his own wife die in a robbery. An attempted robbery gone wrong. A prostitute kidnaps a child still in need of care. He is her own son. A girl is mugged and injured at her own birthday party. An aggression by the local bullies. A successful business man wakes up next to the dead body of a young escort. The result of a transgressive night. All of these stories hide a secret. And... not the kind you would expect. Life is a series of choices. The choices you make. 
 Rebel Land (2010 )1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Maremma, the second half of the 19th Century Two young men, who've grown up together, share a passion for adventure and an unbridled love for the savage nature of their land. Their different origins will divide them, but destiny will lead them to fall in love with the same woman. Two noble sisters of different natures. One in search of marriage, the other chasing love An intriguing romantic triangle, enriched by a mystery that has its roots in a remote past and which is set against a suggestive backdrop and strongly characterized by the classical components of a Western. An epic story of friendship, love, loyalty, but also of betrayal and vendetta, of family fortunes but also of abject misery and social abuse. 
 Don Matteo (2000 )211) Terence Hill stars as Don Matteo, a thoroughly ordinary Catholic priest with an extraordinary ability to read people and solve crimes. He's a parish priest who never met an unjustly accused person he didn't want to help. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Detective al servizio di Dio: questo Don Matteo Bondini, non un sacerdote qualunque ma un ex missionario dal talento un po' speciale. Possiede uno straordinario intuito che, unito alla sua profonda conoscenza dell'animo umano, fa s che si orienti con successo anche nei pi tortuosi meandri del delitto. Il parroco non resiste alle sollecitazioni di un'ingiustizia o a un'errata risoluzione delle indagini che porti a una sbrigativa chiusura del caso o all'incriminazione di un innocente. Il suo intervento investigativo imprescindibile. Anche per questo Don Matteo pienamente un sacerdote: il suo compito risvegliare le coscienze. La sua missione non solamente quella di smascherare il colpevole, ma soprattutto quella di mostrargli che, fra male e bene, quest'ultimo l'unica via. 