nm0011172:

 Mission: Impossible (19661973)44) An elite covert operations unit carries out highly sensitive missions subject to official denial in the event of failure, death or capture. Jim Phelps (Peter Graves) is the head of a super-secret government agency, the I.M.F. (Impossible Missions Force), and is often given secret anonymous covert missions to attempt. Quite often, they are unmasking criminals or rescuing hostages. He picks his team depending on which tasks need to be done. One thing is vital on an Impossible Mission: the mission must be carried out in entire secrecy, often relying on high-tech equipment and elaborate deceptions. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> The I.M.F. (Impossible Missions Force) is an elite group of Agents chosen for their various abilities to infiltrate foreign governments as well as criminal organizations that are seen as threats to the security of the nation. Originally, they were lead by Daniel Briggs (Steven Hill), but he was replaced by Jim Phelps (Peter Graves) after one year. Amongst its members are electronics executive Barney Collier (Greg Morris), actor and master of disguise Rollin Hand (Martin Landau), model Cinnamon Carter (Barbara Bain) and strongman Willy Armitage (Peter Lupus). In later years, Rollin leaves the team and is replaced by another master of disguise simply known as Paris (Leonard Nimoy), and Cinnamon is replaced first by young Dana Lambert (Lesley Ann Warren) and then Lisa Casey (Lynda Day George). Brian Washington <Sargebri@att.net> The I.M.F. (Impossible Missions Force) is an elite force of Agents who are given orders by tape and are asked to do jobs that are considered impossible by any other known means. The art of the con is used time and time again, and the Agents use technology, drugs, and plain greed to achieve their goals. Dan Briggs, Leader IMF It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Star Trek: The Original Series (19661969)431) In the 23rd Century, Captain James T. Kirk and the crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise explore the galaxy and defend the United Federation of Planets. A 1960's science fiction action adventure series set in the twenty-third century based around the crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise, representing the United Federation of Planets (including Earth) on a five-year mission in outer space to explore new worlds, seek new life and new civilizations, and to boldly go where no one has gone before. The Enterprise is commanded by handsome and brash Captain James Tiberius "Jim" Kirk ( William Shatner ). Kirk's two best friends are Commander Spock ( Leonard Nimoy ) (last name unpronounceable to humans) the ship's half-human/half-Vulcan Science Officer and First/Executive Officer (i.e. second-in-command) from the planet Vulcan, and Chief Medical Officer Dr. Leonard H. "Bones" McCoy ( DeForest Kelley ). They, along with a crew of approximately four hundred and thirty, including helmsman Lieutenant Hikaru Kato Sulu ( George Takei ), navigator Ensign Pavel Andreievich Chekov ( Walter Koenig ), communications officer Lieutenant Nyota Uhura ( Nichelle Nichols ), and chief engineer Lieutenant Commander Montgomery "Scotty" Scott ( James Doohan ). The series follows them as they confront strange alien races, friendly and hostile alike, as they explore unknown worlds. We see the Enterprise and her crew battle aliens, megalomaniac computers, time paradoxes, psychotic murderers, and even Khan Noonien Singh ( Ricardo Montalban ). The series is known for looking at then (1960's) hot topics such as sex, war, God, religion, politics, and racism and other things that make up the human condition through a lens of the future. The 79 (eighty if including The Cage (1966) ) episode television series, which was produced from 1966 to 1969, has now cult characters and has fans all over the world. Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com> It is the twenty-third century and together with the crew of the Federation starship Enterprise we travel across the galaxy to meet new and exciting life forms on distant planets. The eighty episode television series, which was produced from 1966 to 1969, has now cult character and has fans all over the world. Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This is a very exciting show. It has action, pretty women and handsome men, science fiction, and very good stories which also relate to our lives here on earth. Captain Kirk is a famous Captain. He is the youngest Captain in the United Federation of Planets, or Federation for short. The enemies of the Federation are many, but two races which stand out are the Romulans and the Klingons. Both of these races are warlike, but they have different appearances. The first officer on Captain Kirk's ship, the Enterprise, is a Vulcan named Mr. Spock. Vulcans are known for their logic and lack of emotion. Sometimes logic works and sometimes human emotion is needed. Mr. Spock's mother was Human, so Spock does have some emotion. Also in the ship's crew are Dr. McCoy, an American Surgeon; Mr. Scott, or "Scotty", a Scottish Engineer; Mr. Sulu, an Asian Helmsman; Mr. Chekov, a Russian Navigator; Lt. Uhura, a female African Communications Officer; and Nurse Christine Chapel, a blonde female Nurse. There are, of course, many other crew members, and because the missions are dangerous, some of the men and women die in the course of investigations. You will learn about all of these men and women when you watch the show. It is very exciting, and it is also enjoyable to see the costumes that they wear, the Enterprise uniforms, and the crazy costumes that the alien men and women wear. There are many TV series and movies about the Enterprise and other Federation ships, but this original series is by far the best one. The special effects are not as complex as modern movies, but the stories are much more interesting. If you cannot obtain these shows on DVD or on your TV I will write synopses of each episode and try to entertain you so that you will want to see them someday. I recommend that you try to see them. You will enjoy them very much. 
 Interviewing Norman (2005)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hardcastle and McCormick (19831986)Summaries A retired judge and his last defendant follow up on cases that were dismissed due to technicalities. Milton C. Hardcastle was a Judge in Los Angeles County. Mark McCormick, a racing motorist, convicted for robbery, was Hardcastles last case. McCormick was placed under supervision of Hardcastle, and they start to inspect 200 cases that were never closed totally during Milton's judgeship. Wolfgang Klimt <wolfii@leo.org> Milton C. Hardcastle is a tough but honest judge. Over the years, he has had to dismiss nearly 200 cases due to legal technicalities on individuals who were guilty. Now that he's retired, he plans to spend his time hounding them and if they break the law Hardcastle's going to bust them and make sure that it's done right. Now he needs someone to watch his back and the man he has "chosen" is Mark McCormick, a car thief whom Hardcastle once sent to prison, and who is now an aspiring race car driver. McCormick was arrested and brought before Hardcastle. Normally, Hardcastle tells McCormick that in addition to breaking the law, he violated his parole, he would be sent back to prison and this being his third conviction would make him a three time loser. However, Hardcastle tells McCormick of his plans for his retirement, and that he would like McCormick to be his partner. McCormick begrudgingly accepts but if they will make remains to be seen cause McCormick doesn't think that Hardcastle was fair when he sentenced him and he thinks Hardcastle is a royal pain. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 