nm0006962:

 Parenti serpenti (1992)Summaries During the Christmas celebrations, a surprising announcement takes a family by surprise and threatens to break the delicate balance that regulates the familial relationships. Like every year, everyone is going back to the ancestral family home for the Christmas holidays. But this time, the old folks have a good surprise for them: they have decided to go live with one of their children and bequeath the family house to him/her. Jean-Marie Berthiaume <jiembe@videotron.ca>er. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Auguri professore (1997)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Only You (1994)541) As a teen, Faith was told that her destiny is a man named Damon Bradley. Years later - Faith is about to marry another man - a Damon Bradley calls to wish them all the best. Faith blows off the wedding and follows Damon to Italy. Destiny. Faith (Marisa Tomei) believes that two soul-mates can be united if they find each other. From the Ouija board, she has found the name of her missing half, and it is D-A-M-O-N B-R-A-D-L-E-Y. Later, at the carnival, the fortune teller sees the name Damon Bradley in the Crystal Ball and Faith is convinced. She is told that "You make your own destiny,...don't wait for it to come to you", but she is looking for Damon. 14 years later, she is engaged to a dull podiatrist and plans to marry until she gets a call from one of his classmates who is on his way to Venice, Italy. The classmate is Damon Bradley. Rushing to the airport to see her soul-mate, she misses him and the plane, but decides, then and there, to go after him. So Faith and her sister-in-law Kate both board the next plane for Italy hoping to find her Damon. Tony Fontana <tony.fontana@spacebbs.com> In Pittsburgh, mid-twentysomething Faith Corvatch, a Catholic school teacher, has always believed in destiny. Based on a couple of paranormal incidents when she was a teenager, Faith believed she was destined to end up with a man named Damon Bradley, which is, to her, solely a name and not an actual person she knows. Regardless, she has accepted the marriage proposal of her staid podiatrist boyfriend, Dwayne. Ten days before the wedding at the start of a weekend, Faith takes a telephone call for Dwayne from one of Dwayne's old friends who he has not seen in years, that person named Damon Bradley, he hanging up the phone before she realizes his name. With five days before her next class, Faith decides to follow her destiny by tracking down Damon Bradley based only on what information she has on hand, namely that he is flying to Venice, and the name of the hotel he will be staying at there. So with her sister-in-law Kate Corvatch in tow, Kate who is having her own marital issues as she feels unappreciated by her husband/Faith's brother, Larry Corvatch, her childhood sweetheart, Faith hops on a plane to Venice, planning to be back in Pittsburgh in time for her next class and for the wedding. Faith and Kate get into one close encounter after another with the phantom Damon Bradley without ever seeing him as they track him through Italy. When Faith finally meets Damon, who she finds is a Boston shoe salesman in Italy on a business trip, it is love at first sight on both sides. But there is one important and major piece of information about Damon concerning Faith's belief in her destiny which Faith will have to overcome if there is to be a happy ending for the pair as opposed to a life of settling for Dwayne. Meanwhile, Kate's own love life may become more complicated as she is wooed by a suave Italian, a shop owner named Giovanni, who does know of Kate's marital status. Huggo Schoolteacher Faith Corvatch believes she is destined to spend her life with a man named "Damon Bradley." Just days before she is to marry a podiatrist she may not love, she receives a phone call from a friend of her fiance's named, you guessed it, Damon Bradley. Bradley is on his way to Venice, and Faith decides to spend her Labor Day weekend pursuing her dream man. Accompanying her on the trip is her sister-in-law, Kate, who has just left her husband. Ray Hamel <hamel@primate.wisc.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. One night, two young siblings Faith and Larry Corvatch is playing spirit of the glass. The glass moved by its own while the siblings were holding it. And it goes by each letter and it forms by the name of 'Damon Bradley'. Faith was stunned and thought that, that name would be her other half. The following night, Faith and her bestfriend Kate was having fun at the theme park as Larry threw a balloon with water on them while he was riding in a perryswheel. Faith went inside the fortune teller booth to see her future but just for fun. The fortune teller looked into her crystal ball and there she saw the name Damon Bradley. Faith was shocked when the fortune teller uttered that name. The fortune teller warned her not to wait but to follow her destiny. 14 years later, Faith was now a religious teacher and she was engaged to be married to her long time boyfriend. Her brother Larry married her bestfriend Kate. One day, while she was fitting her wedding dress, suddenly the phone rang, and then she answered it. The caller was her fianc's high school classmate, and he told her that he wasn't able to attend to their wedding. Faith asked his name, and the caller said that his name is Damon Bradley. Faith was suddenly shocked and can't believe for what she heard. She asked him where is he going, and he said that he is now in the airport to go to Italy. Faith blurted out that she loves Italy, and then Damon said that he needs to go then he hung up the phone. Faith was startled when Damon hung up. She immediately decided to go to the airport just to see him. Kate tried to stop her, and called her crazy for what she is doing. But Faith was unstoppable, she hurried went down and called a taxi cab even if she still wearing her wedding dress. When she got into the airport, the airplane bound to Italy was about to take off. She tried to asked the personnel to get into the plane just to see her love, but they didn't allowed her because she doesn't have a boarding pass. Faith felt so lonely and frustrated, then she called Kate that she is willing to go to Italy just to see the man of her dream. Kate told her it wasn't a good idea, but Faith said that she just want to see him so she will not regret it for the rest of her life. Kate suddenly thought and she finally agreed with Faith as she also want to stay away from Larry for a while, as she thought that he didn't love her anymore. When they got in Italy, they were stranger in the city and can't even speak Italian. They went in the hotel where Damon Bradley checked in. Faith felt nervous as she asked the hotel clerk about Damon Bradley. The clerk said that Damon was already left. Faith was stunned and upset for what she heard. Kate suggested Faith to go to Damon's room, maybe they can find something to track him. They went there secretly, and when they entered the room, they hurriedly checked the trash bin, and there they found a memo of Damon's next hotel that he will maybe stay in. Faith got hope and they went there immediately. An Italian man named Giovanni welcomed them. Faith asked him about Damon, and he said that Damon has a reservation in Italian caf at dinner. Faith was delighted and felt so excited. When Giovanni saw Kate, he gave her a sweet smile that make Kate swooned. That night, in Italian caf, Faith wore a red gown and a red pair of shoes, she is very excited and nervous at the same time to meet Damon Bradley. Faith asked Kate to take a look for Damon as she is so nervous. Kate happily said that Damon was there in the corner, she rolled her eyes and from the distance, there she saw a man sitting at the table, she saw his arm wearing a black suit. Faith felt so happy and she thought that she will finally meet him. Faith excitedly as her heart was pounding when she walks in the caf to reach Damon, but on her way, due to nervousness, she bumped the waiter bearing a tray of food and it fell in the floor. Faith said sorry and she continued walking, and as she about to reach Damon's table, Faith was startled when she saw the table was empty, Damon is gone. Faith look around and she saw Damon walking away down the street, she tried to catch up with him. And then suddenly, she bumped with someone, but she ignored him and she kept on walking to catch Damon, until her shoe was stucked in the ground, she let it go just to follow Damon. And the one that she bumped in saw her shoe and he pick it up and followed her. Faith lost her track with Damon, she was so devastated and she sat down in the bench. Kate noticed that her other shoe was gone, Faith said that she left it somewhere. And then suddenly, the man that Faith bumped in came bearing her red shoe. He himself offer to put the shoe on Faith's foot. They looked at each other and the man's eyes was sparkled when he saw her. Faith just thanked him coldly. Her mind was set on Damon. Kate told her to find other way to track Damon and they went in the nearby store to buy tourist map. The man asked them if they need help, but Faith told him that he cannot help her. The man insisted then Kate said that Faith was looking for the man of her dream. Then the man asked what is his name. But Faith refused to tell him, the man insisted her again just to say the name until Faith finally said 'Damon Bradley', then the man suddenly blurted out that he is Damon Bradley. When Faith heard it, she suddenly fainted then the man catched her. When Faith back her conciousness, she was so delighted when she saw Damon Bradley. She was so impressed by him for being kind and being so handsome. They get acquainted that night, and she fell in love with him instantly. They went in his hotel room and had kissed, and when Faith was about to give everything to him, suddenly, he blurted out that he is not Damon Bradley as he continued kissing her, he said that his name is Peter Wright. When Faith heard it, her eyes wide opened and she push him away and she is very upset, she scolded him. Peter tried to explain, he said that he fell in love with her the moment he saw her, but Faith didn't take that as an excused and he left him immediately. In her hotel room, Kate comforted her and said that she don't need to trust anyone, because man has ways. Faith decided to go back to New York to pursue her wedding. Next day, Kate has a date with Giovanni while Faith was calling the agency to re schedule her flight back to America. When she was in the garden, she saw Peter and he still apologizing in her but she ignored him. That night, Peter talked to Kate and he told her that he had no bad intention with Faith, he really loves her the first time he saw her. He also said that he was from Boston and he was not supposed to be in Italy, but he believes that there is a reason why he is in Italy, his boss got a chicken fox at the age of fourty and its impossible. That's why he went there to replace him. He also said that, that night, he was walking in the street without reason, until Faith bumped him. And there he fell in love with her the moment he saw her. Kate just looking at him and felt sorry for him. Giovanni came in and Kate introduces them to each other, then Kate went with Giovanni for lunch. The next morning, Faith and Kate was set to go back home to New York. As they were inside the taxi cab, Peter catched them and tried to stop them but Faith didn't mind him as she wants to leave, and then Peter said that he knows where Damon Bradley is. Faith then asked to stop the cab, Peter told her that they need to go to the place where Damon Bradley was in. Faith finally felt nice to Peter. That day, they went there with Giovanni to see Damon. As they arrived at the hotel, Faith immediately asked the hotel clerk to know if Damon Bradley was 'checked in' in that hotel. And the clerk said that he was in the pool right now. Faith was amused and she was so excited to get into the pool area. Peter, Giovanni and Kate accompanied her, and they saw a chubby man lying on the pool side. They thought that it was Damon. Peter told Faith sarcastically to approached him. Faith said that she will. She cleared her throat as she was approached him, but all of a sudden, she heard someone called the name 'Damon'. And when she look around, she saw a handsome man dipping in the swimming pool, and she heard a girl called him Damon. Faith was stunned when she saw him, she happily approached him and introduces herself. The guy smiled at her so sweetly as Faith felt swooned. She invites him to have a dinner with her as he agreed. Faith was excitedly dressing up in her hotel room, and then Peter was there and help her to dress up. She wore a white gown that Peter more attracted on her. She meet Damon somewhere and they went in a cruise ship party. While the two were having fun, Peter was felt so lonely and jealous. He keep his eyes on them, then suddenly, Damon went aggressive and he is touching her, Faith felt uncomfortable and disgusted. When Peter saw it, he attacked Damon and had fight, there Damon blurted out that actually he is not Damon Bradley. He took off his wig as he was a bald for real. Faith was stunned when she found out that Peter was set her up. Her anger with Peter was became more intense. She leaves the place with Kate. Peter left behind with false Damon and Giovanni and they drink together instead. Peter was frustrated and tried to accept the fact that Faith is not his destiny. Faith was so heartbroken and she decided to call off her wedding. Next day, when Faith and Kate was about to go to the airport, suddenly, Kate was surprised when she saw her husband Larry. Larry said that he loves her. Kate hugged him and they decided to stay a few more days in Italy. So Faith will going home alone. Larry asked Kate what she doing in Italy with her sister, then Kate said the reason. Larry said that he only set the whole things up about Damon Bradley, he even paid the fortune teller for 5 dollars. When Faith was in the airport, she was queing in line bound to New York while Peter was queing bound to Boston. As the two of them was waiting, suddenly, they heard that someone is paging for Damon Bradley. Faith and Peter was stunned while falling in line, they both hurriedly went to the information. The two of them met behind the real Damon Bradley who was talking to the clerk that moment. Faith gave Peter a sharped look as she thought that he is setting her up again. Peter just motioned that he is not and he was just curious. Then Peter asked Faith to tapped Damon together, and then they both tapped his shoulder, and when Damon turned around, he was an average Joe that Peter felt relieved. Peter told Damon that he is the guy that Faith was looking for her entire life, and he is very lucky man because he got the right name. Damon was baffled for Peter's remarked. Then Peter turned his gazed on Faith and wish her luck and he turned away. Faith felt frustrated, and then Damon asked her what is going on. Damon told her that he can see that he loves him, Faith look at Damon Bradley's eyes, and she felt something strange, and there she realized that her destiny was Peter. Damon told her that he has a plane to catch and he went away, and then Faith looked around and she need to catch up with Peter. 
 Ragazzi (1991)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 