nm0006374:

 Dr. Jekyll and Ms. Hyde (1995)Summaries A scientist creating perfumes inherits his great grandfather Dr. Jekyll's formula and decides to use modern technology to improve it. He ends up as an ambitious, ruthless woman. She tries to prevent returning into the spineless man. Dr. Richard Jacks is a creator of perfumes. His girlfriend, Sarah, sometimes gets pushed to the side, but he loves her. One day, he discovers that his great-grandfather, Dr. Jekyll, was a scientist with a secret: a revolutionary discovery. He tries to follow in his footsteps and creates perfumes, each greater than the next. But one gives him more than he bargained for. He is transformed into a buxom bombshell, Helen Hyde. She is a powerhouse and a woman with a plan. The catch is, Richard doesn't know she exists. As he finds himself in situations each more ridiculous than the last, he becomes aware of Helen and makes a plan to get rid of her once and for all. But her career is growing. She won't go without a fight. moddydhoo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kickboxing Academy (1997)Summaries Watch your nose in the hallways, these guys can really kick. In this fight flick, the students of a kickboxing academy take on students from a rival school. A young former kickboxer is needed for his old school as they prepare for competition against a rival school for ownership. But, the young kickboxer is afraid after nearly killing someone in a earlier tournament. He must now make his try to put his past behind him or his friends lose their school. Albert Valentin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 NightMan (19971999)Summaries Based on the comic created by Steve Englehart (who wrote several episodes), Night Man tells the story of Johnny Domino, a jazz musician who gains super powers after getting struck by lightning. After lightning strikes saxophonist Johnny Domino, he finds he is telepathically tuned to the frequency of evil. This gives him an edge for finding the bad guys, and some special classified wearable gear gives him an edge for fighting them. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rumpelstiltskin (1995)Summaries The wish of a young widow to see her police officer husband, killed on the line of duty, frees a demonic creature who wants to claim the soul of her baby. In the 1400s, Rumpelstiltskin is imprisoned inside a small jade figurine. In modern-day Los Angeles, the recently widowed wife of a police officer, with baby in tow, finds her way into a witch's shop and purchases a certain figurine, resulting in the cackling beast being freed and demanding possession of the baby. Brian J. Wright <tyrannorabbit@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 