nm0007971:

 MI-5 (20022011)Summaries The missions of MI-5, the UK's domestic intelligence organization. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tilly Trotter (1999)Summaries Tilly Trotter is a down to earth young woman who is full of integrity and impassioned with innocent affection for the local farmer. Resilience and self belief carry her through some very dark days, and this splendid adaptation shows us her journey from destitution to eventual happiness. True love grows with time and in the most unexpected of places. Tilly had her own mind, nobody can take that away from her. I totally recommend this film - the DVD is 3 hours long - every minute worth watching. A must for Catherine Cookson fans, and for realists and romantics. Citn ine Dublin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bugs (19951999)Summaries Ed, Ros, Alex and Beckett form the high-tech crime fighting team who work for the mysterious, secretive Bureau 2 chief, Jan, and are only assigned the most difficult and dangerous cases. When Nick Beckett (a worker at a Government agency called 'The Hive') is framed over the murder of an official, he seeks help from a company called Gizmos (run by Ros Henderson, with help from her friend, Ed). Together they hunt the villains and go freelance. The BUGS team is formed and begins to solve cases of hi-tech crime and espionage. Phil Colvin <sculder_mully@geocities.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Historyonics (2004 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 