nm0005221:

 Man of Steel (2013)431) An alien child is evacuated from his dying world and sent to Earth to live among humans. His peace is threatened, when other survivors of his home planet invade Earth. A young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this Earth. As a young man, he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do. But the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind. Warner Bros. Pictures Kal-El, son of Jor-El and Lara, is sent to Earth after his home planet Krypton leads to a complete incineration. Now taking the name "Clark Kent", he then discovers his true persona when he is guided to become Superman: A hero committed to protect Earth's fate and the harm that threatens it. However, General Zod, a citizen of Krypton and its military leader looks at Earth's fate differently and decides to use it with a sacrifice for all humans. Superman, with the help of present military and news reporter Lois Lane makes an alliance together to stop Zod from obliterating human existence. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the Planet Krypton, Lara-El ( Ayelet Zurer ), is birthing a son, Kal. Kal is a secret because he was born naturally, instead of by genetic engineering. Jor-El ( Russell Crowe ) tells the Kryptonian council that the planet started crumbling and is on the brink of destruction. They forbid him to evacuate the planet's Codex, claiming that the planet is stable. General Zod ( Michael Shannon ) and numerous followers, attack the council. Zod invites Jor-El to join the coup, considering he disagrees with the council. When Jor-El refuses, Zod orders the arrest of Jor-El who escapes. Jor-El swims in the incubator chamber and takes the Codex. Lara prepares the small spacecraft he has built to evacuate their son from Krypton. Jor-El races home to put the Codex in the spacecraft. Lara feels difficulty separating from her son but Jor-El comforts her that they are preserving his life by sending their baby to: Earth, where the yellow sun will cause greater strength and speed. Jor-El places the Codex into a device that bonds it to his son's living cells. As they prepare to launch the pod containing their son, Zod and his followers force their way into the Els residence, demanding that Jor-El hand over the Codex. Jor-El claims it is in the pod with his son. Zod becomes enraged and attacks Jor-El, eventually stabbing him to death. During the fight, Lara engages the pod's engines and it shoots into the sky. Angered that Jor-El and his wife have doomed the Kryptonian race with the removal of the Codex, Zod orders his followers to shoot down the pod. However, his orders are suddenly canceled when Kryptonian security ships appear, destroying the attacking vessel and arresting Zod and his minions. In the confusion, the small craft's propulsion engine, a Phantom Drive, engages on the pod, rocketing the baby away in the blink of an eye. Zod and his followers are banished to The Phantom Zone. In a fury, Zod lashes out, declaring the leaders will not grant him and his followers a quick death. He also swears to Lara that he will find her son. Zod and his followers are placed in a giant craft, the Black Zero, that is sent into the Phantom Zone. Shortly after, Krypton's core collapses as Lara passively watches the planet breaking apart. Many worlds away, the pod carrying Kal-El rockets into Earth's atmosphere, touching down somewhere in the Great Plains of the United States. The scene then shifts to ocean waters, where we see a bearded man working aboard a fishing vessel and having trouble concentrating on his duties. The crew are soon alerted to a distress call for help from a flaming oil rig. The bearded man quickly disappears from the ship but is on the rig moments later, rescuing the crew and getting them to board a Coast Guard chopper. The crew are astonished to see him tear a steel door from it's hinges and that the flames he's covered with do not burn him. Kent is unable to join them, as he rushes to keep a part of the rig from collapsing on the landing pad. As the chopper flies away with the rig's crew, the rig collapses down on him and he ends up floating in the water. We soon learn that this is Clark Kent ( Henry Cavill ), as in a deep mental state, he recalls when he was younger, and manifested X-Ray vision, and super-hearing. The overload of images and sounds caused him great pain. Scared at what he was seeing and hearing, Clark runs from his classroom and locks himself in a closet. His mother, Martha, comes to the school and manages to coax him out, helping him to focus his powers, quelling the myriad sounds he hears. Back in the present-day, Clark has managed to return to land and steals some clothes. As he attempts to figure out where he is, he sees a school bus nearby. Clark has another flashback to when he was 13. He recalls being picked on by a boy Peter ( Jack Foley ), before the school bus they were on suddenly blows a tire, and careens off a bridge into a river. Thinking quickly, Clark escapes out the rear emergency door, and pushes the bus to shore. Clark jumps back into the water and pulls Peter to safety. Though Pete's mother claims that Clark miraculously saved the occupants of the bus, Clark's father ( Kevin Costner ) tries to convince her otherwise. Needless to say, Clark feels even more conflicted, as his father has tried to tell him to suppress his powers, but Clark was torn by a need to help others. When Clark demands to know what's wrong with him, Jonathan shows his son the pod he came to Earth in, hidden below the barn. Along with the pod was a strange metallic item. Jonathan claims he had a metallurgist examine it, but it is comprised of elements not found on Earth. Imprinted on the small fragment of metal is a shield-like shape containing an "S". The scene then returns to the present day, where Clark has a job at a truck stop in Canada. As he works, he hears some military men talking quietly about some object found in the ice a ways north of the stop. When a trucker comes in and starts harassing one of the waitresses, Clark attempts to stop him, but afraid others will see his powers, stands there and takes the trucker's taunts. Without saying a word, Clark takes off his apron and leaves the stop. Later, as the trucker leaves, he is shocked to find his rig impaled on several of the large logs he was hauling. The scene then cuts to Lois Lane ( Amy Adams ) landing at the base in Canada, where she is met by Dr. Emil Hamilton ( Richard Schiff ), and Colonel Nathan Hardy ( Christopher Meloni ). Drilling is still commencing within the ice to get to uncover the craft, but drilling tests have at least confirmed that the ice surrounding the object is thousands of years old. Going out in the evening to shoot some pictures, Lois is shocked when she checks them to see a man walking on a ridge near the drilling site without cold-weather clothing. She sneaks up to where he was, and finds a tunnel bored into the ice. The tunnel is Clark's doing, as he had followed the word of the military men, and made his way to the site, using his heat vision to create the tunnel through solid ice. He then finds a strange spacecraft, and going inside, finds a panel that opens up. It contains a hole that seems to match the shape of the object his father found with him in the pod. Inserting the object the hole causes a person to suddenly appear nearby. He doesn't say a word, simply walking off. Clark attempts to catch up to this person, but he always seems to be several steps ahead of him. Meanwhile, Lois has found her way onto the ship, but is attacked by a sentry. Her screams reach Clark, who finds her. After dismantling the sentry by crushing it with his bare hands, he sees that the sentry has wounded Lois in her lower abdomen. He tells her she's bleeding internally and uses his heat vision to cauterize the wound. Shortly after, military forces nearby are all amazed when the ice starts to crack and a giant ship emerges, flying off. Lois is found the next day and shortly thereafter she writes up an article about what she experienced. However, her editor at the Daily Planet, Perry White ( Laurence Fishburne ), refuses to publish it. Even the Pentagon has denied her 'aliens and spaceships' story. Lois then attempts to play hard ball. Going to a contact of hers named Glenn Woodburn ( Chad Krowchuk ), she allows him to publish her story. Though he cautions that she could get in trouble for leaking the story, she claims she hopes that it will catch the attention of the person she met. Meanwhile, Clark has piloted the spaceship to another remote location in the Arctic. It turns out the figure he was following is a hologram of his father Jor-El, who is appearing via the 'key' Clark inserted into the ship. Jor-El explains the history of the planet Krypton, Zod's attempted coup and that the ship Clark found was a sentry ship sent out many years before, when the the council of Krypton had sought to colonize other planets but abandoned the project. Jor-El shows Clark a dark blue and red suit bearing the shielded "S". Jor-El explains that it is the emblem of the House of El and a symbol of hope. Jor-El also explains that the Earth's sun has made Clark stronger than human beings, and has been helping him manifest powers for some time. Jor-El tells Clark that the suit will symbolize his mission: to help the people of Earth and act as their guardian. Stepping outside the ship, Clark begins to push his powers: first taking flying leaps, before eventually being able to fly at great speeds, breaking the sound barrier and flying great distances around the world. Back in Metropolis, Perry is furious that Lois leaked her story to the internet, and suspends her for three weeks. Lois uses this time to begin tracking down leads to her mystery man. Her sleuthing leads her to Smallville, and eventually, Peter. Visiting the grave of Jonathan Kent, she is surprised when her mystery man appears (albeit in nondescript clothing). Lois claims she wants to tell Clark's story, but he tells her of how he abides by his father's request to not reveal himself until the world 'was ready.' Clark then relates how Jonathan died. After the two have an argument during a drive, which mostly concerns Clark's frustration over his true ancestry and how he is forbidden to reveal his powers to anyone but his parents, they stop when a tornado forms, threatening everyone on the road nearby. Clark gets his mother and several others to safety, with Jonathan attempting to get the family dog free of their vehicle. The dog makes it out safely, but Jonathan suffers an injury to his ankle and is unable to make it to the overpass where everyone has taken shelter. Clark had wanted to help his father, but a gesture from Jonathan cautioned him to not reveal himself, leaving Jonathan to be swept away by the tornado. Hearing his story, Lois respects Clark's wish for privacy, and stops trying to pursue a story from him. Clark returns to his mother, and happily tells her that he has found where he came from, and who his true parents are. Though Martha fears that her son will now be taken from her, Clark assures her it won't happen. Meanwhile, the military has detected a strange ship in geosynchronous orbit around the planet. Others soon report the strange sighting, but are surprised when power is cut off to all parts of the world, and a message is broadcast from General Zod. Zod demands that the people of Earth hand over Kal-El within 24 hours or there will be consequences. A worldwide manhunt is initiated to find this "Kal-El". Woodburn is interviewed about the aliens and drops Lois' name, which soon results in numerous FBI agents being sent to take her into custody. Lois tries to flee from them, but she's quickly intercepted and turned over to the US Army. Back in Smallville, Clark goes to a local church, and confesses to the pastor that he is the one the aliens want. Clark admits he is conflicted: he doesn't trust that Zod will leave Earth in peace, but he is also wondering if he should trust humanity. His decision is made when the Pastor tells him that sometimes one must take a leap of faith. Clark then appears before the Army in his Kryptonian suit, willing to surrender on condition that he can meet with Lois and that she be freed. Clark is handcuffed (he allows them to, as a gesture of trust and to help them feel more secure), and he and Lois have a short conversation. She asks him about the "S" on his chest which he tells her is not an S as Earthlings know it, but a symbol of hope. When she suggests a new moniker, her voice is cut off by feedback from the audio system observers are using behind a 2-way mirror -- but Clark shows he is easily able see through it and identify the people standing behind it. Clark stands up and effortlessly breaks his handcuffs and tells the observers he'll allow them to turn him over to Zod and that he'll protect the planet from whatever danger Zod presents. In a remote desert, a black craft appears to bring him to Zod's ship. The craft is commanded by Faora ( Antje Traue ), who also demands of General Swanwick ( Harry Lennix ), that Lois also be taken with them. Though Swanwick points out that the deal was originally for only Kal-El to be handed over, Lois agrees to go with Clark. Before they reach Zod's ship, Lois is fitted with a breathing apparatus, as the atmosphere on the ship will be toxic to humans. When Faora is distracted, Clark slips Lois the key he used to restart the Arctic ship. On board the Black Zero, Zod welcomes Clark, who a few moments later collapses to the floor of the ship, seemingly unable to breathe. Though Lois is worried for him, Zod assures her that Clark's body is simply adjusting to the Kryptonian atmosphere aboard the ship. Clark passes out, and finds himself in a dreamlike vision of his family's farm. Zod explains to Clark that after the destruction of Krypton, the portal to the Phantom Zone where they were trapped was broken open. After modifying the portal's Phantom Drive, they were able to transport themselves all across the galaxy in the Black Zero. Visiting the various planets which colonizing ships and teams were sent, their searches for a new planet proved unfruitful, as each of the colonists sent to these various planets were found to have perished. However, Zod and his followers took what they could from the remnants of their civilization, including a terraforming machine called a "World Engine". When Clark activated the ship in the Arctic, it sent out a signal which lead Zod to Earth. Zod claims that he intends to turn Earth into a New Krypton, but Clark is unwilling to go along with this plan since it will mean Earth's annihilation and the deaths of all humans. Awakening from the vision, Zod tells Clark that with or without him, he will revive their civilization. As well, Clark's adjustments to the ship have made him no stronger than the other Kryptonians on it. Consequently, one of Zod's men, Jax-Ur ( Mackenzie Gray ), is able to obtain a blood sample from Clark. Meanwhile, Lois is thrown into a holding cell, where she comes across a panel with a small hole. Lois notes it is the same shape as the key she has. Inserting it allows the information from Jor-El to appear before her. The key causes the ship's atmosphere to alter towards more suitable conditions for Clark and Lois, and Jor-El gives Lois valuable information for stopping Zod, along with leading her to an escape pod. As she activates the pod a guard suddenly shoots at her, damaging the pod. The change in the atmosphere returns Clark's strength, allowing him to break his bonds, and Jor-El appears before him, pointing out that Lois needs to be saved because of the damage to the pod. Clark saves Lois from the pod, but his attention is soon drawn to his mother, who is set upon by Zod and Faora. Zod goes to the Kent farm, looking for the Codex, which Faora finds is not in the pod Clark arrived on Earth in. When Zod threatens Martha, Clark races to save her, hitting Zod with such force that the two end up thrown into the heart of downtown Smallville. Upon recovering, Zod's face-mask malfunctions and his body begins to adapt to the Earthen environment, as he suddenly gains X-Ray vision, and his hearing begins to take in everything at once (just like Clark did when he gained these powers long ago). The effect is debilitating to Zod as his senses overload and he is forced to retreat. Clark claims that his parents helped him hone his skills to control the sensory overload, but his assurance is thrown aside when a ship recovers the stunned Zod, and Faora and a larger Kryptonian (Nam-Ek) attempt to bring Clark down. A battle erupts between Clark and his enemies, causing huge amounts of destruction. Word of the alien presence in Smallville has reached the Army, and Col. Hardy approaches with helicopters and planes. Hardy claims that all three of the aliens (including Clark) are hostile, and all forms of weaponry are thrown at them. Though Faora and Nam-Ek escape, Clark is able to change Hardy's mind when he saves the Colonel along with several other soldiers. Clark returns to his mother, but also encounters Lois, who explains to him what Jor-El told her on the ship. Back on his ship, Zod is informed what happened to the Codex. Jor-El had diffused it into Clark's cells, making him the source to create new Kryptonian life. When Zod is informed that Clark does not need to be taken alive to retrieve the Codex, he puts his plan into effect. Zod separates the World Engine from the Black Zero. As it touches down in the South Indian Ocean, the Black Zero hovers over Metropolis, it's opposite point on the planet. Using the Phantom Drive, Zod activates the World Engine, which creates a link with the Black Zero through the Earth's core, beginning the process of terraforming Earth into a planet more like Krypton. Dr. Emil Hamilton determines that the process is creating a stronger gravitational pull and making the planet more dense. The effect causes massive destruction, flattening cars and shaking skyscrapers apart. The force of the machine also causes objects to repeatedly rise and plummet to Earth. As Swanwick contemplates what to do, he receives word that Clark (now being called "Superman" by some of the soldiers), has a plan. Using the information that Lois obtained, Clark reasons that if the pod that brought him to Earth is activated by the key he has it will start up the Phantom Drive inside. If the pod collides with Zod's ship which also has its drive activated, a black hole will warp the Black Zero and it's occupants back into the Phantom Zone. Meanwhile, Zod leaves his ship, and heads for the ship Clark found in the Arctic. On board the ship is a gestation chamber with many unborn Kryptonian fetuses. The projection of Jor-El speaks to Zod, telling him to halt his operation. Zod refuses to listen to the words of a ghost. and will stop at nothing to revive Krypton and it's people. Zod's key eventually overrides Jor-El's, and the ship now responds to Zod, causing Jor-El's hologram to disappear. Col Hardy, Dr Hamilton, and Lois board a plane to take the pod to Metropolis, while Superman flies around the world to try and stop the World Engine. However, he is assailed by a Kryptonian defense mechanism within the machine that attempts to fend him off with long tentacles. The situation over Metropolis grows more desperate as none of the planes sent by the Air Force are able to get close to the Black Zero. Zod's ship and the World Engine have created a gravitational vacuum that keeps the transport unable to properly launch Clark's pod. Realizing there's no way he can fight off the tentacles, Clark goes deep under the World Engine to muster his strength and punches his way through it, causing the connection to sever and the machine to explode. With the gravitational disruption gone, Hardy flies the transport closer to Zod's ship but it is intercepted by Faora, who attempts to stop them. Meanwhile, Zod has arrived in Metropolis with the ship. As he attempts to destroy the Air Force plane, Clark swoops in and crashes into the ship's control panel. Zod yells for Clark to once again let him complete his plan to revive Krypton. "Krypton had its chance!" yells Clark, who then uses his heat-vision to tear apart the ship, causing it to crash and the gestation chamber to fracture. Faora's attempts fail as well as Hardy steers the plane into the ship. As Lois was on the rear of the plane as it tilted down towards the ship, she loses her balance and falls to Earth. The collision of the two Phantom Drives causes the military aircraft and the Black Zero (along with the people on the vessels) to disappear. Clark manages to save Lois again and puts her safely on the ground. Nearby, the sound of moving metal is heard, and Clark finds Zod, thoroughly enraged. Zod tells Clark that he was engineered to be a General of Krypton and to protect it and its people. With nothing left to revive the planet, Zod seethes that Clark has taken his soul and promises to kill the humans one at a time in retribution for what Clark has done. The two battle across Metropolis, smashing through buildings. During the fight, Zod adapts further to Earth's atmosphere, spawning heat-vision and the ability for flight. The battle soon ends with them in a train station, where Zod blasts his heat vision at a nearby family. Clark, with Zod in a choke-hold, tries to keep the beam from engulfing the family. "If you love these people so much, then you can mourn for them," Zod shouts. Clark begs Zod to stop but when Zod claims he will never stop, Clark snaps the General's neck, killing him. It is clear that Clark did not want to exact such a terrible judgment, and he agonizes over having not only killed another person, but one of the last of his race. Lois appears and comforts him. Some time later, Swanwick and his adjutant, Major Farris ( Christina Wren ), find Superman downing an Air Force drone. Superman claims that he knows they had sent it to find his home on Earth but he wants the search to stop. He vows that he will continue to fight for what is right and the security of Earth. The General questions Superman's commitment to which Clark replies that he's from Kansas and can be trusted. As he flies away, the General's adjutant smiles, clearly won over by how handsome and forthright he appears to be. Clark then returns to Smallville, where he and Martha visit Jonathan's grave. Clark claims he wishes his father could have seen what he accomplished, but says he did. When she asks what Clark intends to do now, he claims he'll get a job where he can be updated on what is going on with the world, where he won't be questioned about visiting dangerous places, and where he will be able to ask questions if needed. We then see him in the Daily Planet building, being introduced to Lois Lane as the paper's newest reporter. Though he is now sporting a pair of black-rimmed glasses, it is apparent that Lois knows just who this new employee is. 
 Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (1999 )541) This series follows the Special Victims Unit, a specially trained squad of detectives in the N.Y.P.D., who investigate sexually related crimes. In the criminal justice system, sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous. In New York City, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as the Special Victims Unit. These are their stories. John Craig Based out of the New York City Police Department's 16th precinct in Manhattan, Law and Order: Special Victims Unit delves into the dark side of the New York underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit (SVU for short), investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes including rape, pedophilia, and domestic violence. They also investigate the abuses of children, the disabled and elderly victims of non-sexual crimes who may require special handling, all while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own personal lives. Its stories also touch on the political and societal issues associated with gender identity, sexual preferences, and equality rights. While the victim is often murdered, this is not always the case, and victims frequently play prominent roles in episodes. The unit also works with the Manhattan District Attorney's Office Sex Crimes Bureau as they prosecute cases and seek justice for SVU's victims and survivors with precision and a passion to win and bring closure to the intense investigations. The series often uses stories that are "ripped from the headlines" or based on real crimes. Such episodes take a real crime and fictionalize it by changing some details. This show delves into the dark side of the New York City underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit, investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes, while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own lives. Brian Barjenbruch Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based out of the New York City Police Department's 16th precinct in Manhattan, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit delves into the dark side of the New York underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit (SVU for short), investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes including rape, pedophilia, and domestic violence. They also investigate the abuses of children, the disabled and elderly victims of non-sexual crimes who may require special handling, all while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own personal lives. Its stories also touch on the political and societal issues associated with gender identity, sexual preferences, and equality rights. While the victim is often murdered, this is not always the case, and victims frequently play prominent roles in episodes. The unit also works with the Manhattan District Attorney's Office Sex Crimes Bureau as they prosecute cases and seek justice for SVU's victims and survivors with precision and a passion to win and bring closure to the intense investigations. The series often uses stories that are "ripped from the headlines" or based on real crimes. Such episodes take a real crime and fictionalize it by changing some details. Originally the show focused around the detective pairing of Elliot Stabler (played by Christopher Meloni ) and Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay ). Stabler is a seasoned veteran of the unit who has seen it all and tries his best to protect his family from the horrors he sees every day. His partner Benson's difficult past as the child of a rape victim is the reason she joined the unit. The series also focused on the secondary detective pairing of John Munch (played by Richard Belzer ) and Brian Cassidy (played by Dean Winters ). Munch is a veteran of the job as a transfer from Baltimore's homicide unit, who brings his acerbic wit, conspiracy theories, and street-honed investigative skills whilst Cassidy is new to the job is young but eager to learn from his fellow detectives. Both Benson/Stabler and Munch/Cassidy often received support from Detectives Monique Jeffries (played by Michelle Hurd ) and Ken Briscoe (played by Chris Orbach ). However, when Cassidy transferred to Narcotics after just thirteen episodes in, Jeffries was then partnered with Munch for the remainder of Season One and Briscoe was eventually phased out. At the beginning of season two, Munch was then permanently partnered with Detective Odafin "Fin" Tutuola (played by Ice-T ), whose unique yet sometimes vulgar sense of humor and investigative experience make him a formidable match for Munch. In Season 13, there were big cast changes happening with Stabler having retired in the aftermath of the Season 12 finale, until he reappears in season 22, leading him to join NYPD's Organized Crime Control Bureau. Detectives Nick Amaro and Amanda Rollins joined the team filling the void left by Stabler. Amaro brought empathy to his cases while dealing with stressful home life, while Rollins had dogged persistence and instincts to help her close cases, but also secrets that could derail her career. Season 16 was another period of change with the introduction of Dominick "Sonny" Carisi, Jr ( Peter Scanavino ) at the beginning and leaving of Amaro at the end. Carisi brought a fresh outlook and distinctive style of investigation to the squad and was training to be a lawyer. Following Carisi's move to the DA's office in season 21, Vice Officer Katriona "Kat" Tamin (played by Jamie Gray Hyder ) joined the team after assisting on several cases, eventually getting promoted to detective. At the start of season 23, Tamin and Garland both resign from the NYPD after becoming disillusioned with the system's failures and systematic bias within the department, with Tamin being replaced by Detective Joe Velasco (played by Octavio Pisano ). These detectives were supervised by veteran Captain Donald Cragen (played by Dann Florek ) who oversaw the team for seasons 1-15. Cragen's tough but supportive approach to the team's complex cases guides the squad through the challenges they face every day. During season 15, both Munch and Cragen retired from the NYPD, leaving Benson, after being promoted to Sergeant, to take control of the unit; she would later be promoted to Lieutenant at the start of season 17 and then Captain at the start of season 21. Also introduced in season 16 was Deputy Chief William Dodds (played by Peter Gallagher ), who served as commanding officer for the Special Victims Units in all five boroughs of New York. Dodds also departed the series at the start of the season, allowing new deputy chief Christian Garland (played by Demore Barnes ) to take his place. Dodds' son Mike (played by Andy Karl ) transferred into Special Victims as Sergeant in season 17, becoming Benson's second-in-command until his death at the end of the season; Fin later passes the Sergeant's exam during season 18 and is officially promoted in Mike's place in season 19. Also on the team's payroll is former FBI Special Agent Dr. George Huang (played by BD Wong ) and Medical Examiner Dr. Melinda Warner (played by Tamara Tunie ). From Season 4 Huang became the resident psychiatrist for the Special Victims Unit, Huang helps keep the officers sane in a field that could drive ordinary people mad. He has also served as the squad's resident criminal profiler, and his insights into the criminal mind have often helped the officers to crack the toughest perps, while Warner has become an integral part of the Manhattan Special Victims Unit, and her personal skills have contributed to the unit's high success rate in closing cases. Huang and Warner would both depart at the end of season 12 after being reassigned to Oklahoma City, but has returned for occasional guest appearances. The Special Victims Unit did not receive a full-time assistant district attorney until season two when Alexandra Cabot (played by Stephanie March ) was assigned to work with the detectives. After Cabot's departure in season five, she was replaced by Casey Novak (played Diane Neal ), who remained as the A.D.A. until the end of season nine. Kim Greylek (played by Michaela McManus ) became the permanent A.D.A. in the season ten premiere until Cabot made a return midway through that season when Greylek departed. Cabot remained the A.D.A. through the second half of season eleven. After Cabot's departure, the A.D.A. void was filled by Sonya Paxton (played by Christine Lahti ) and Jo Marlowe (played by Sharon Stone ) until the conclusion of season eleven. Gillian Hardwicke (played by Melissa Sagemiller ) served as the SVU ADA during season twelve. In season thirteen, both Cabot and Novak returned as ADAs. From the beginning of season fourteen, ADA Rafael Barba (played by Ral Esparza ) was SVU's prosecutor, until leaving halfway through season nineteen. Chicago Justice's Peter Stone (played by Philip Winchester ) became SVU's ADA after Chicago Justice (2017) was canceled after only one season. In the season 21 premiere, Carisi eventually became the SVU's ADA after finally passing the bar and becoming a lawyer. 
 Wet Hot American Summer (2001)Summaries Set on the last day of camp, in the hot summer of 1981, a group of counselors try to complete their unfinished business before the day ends. The setting is Camp Firewood, the year 1981. It's the last day before everyone goes back to the real world, but there's still a summer's worth of unfinished business to resolve. At the center of the action is camp director Beth, who struggles to keep order while she falls in love with the local astrophysics professor. He is busy trying to save the camp from a deadly piece of NASA's Skylab which is hurtling toward earth. All that, plus: a dangerous waterfall rescue, love triangles, misfits, cool kids, and talking vegetable cans. The questions will all be resolved, of course, at the big talent show at the end of the day. Sujit R. Varma It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle (2004)541) A Korean-American office worker and his Indian-American stoner friend embark on a quest to satisfy their desire for White Castle burgers. Harold Lee and Kumar Patel are two stoners who end up getting the munchies. What they crave the most after seeing a TV advertisement, is a trip to White Castle. So from here, follows a journey for the burgers they require. On their way they will encounter many obstacles including a raccoon, a racist officer, and a horny Neil Patrick Harris. Film_Fan Harold Lee and Kumar Patel are best friends and roommates who share a common love for marijuana. Harold works for an investment bank while Kumar is being pressured by his father to go into medical school. On a Friday night after smoking marijuana, the duo get a case of the munchies and decide to head to White Castle. However, after learning that the nearest White Castle has been closed down, the duo set out on a trip to a White Castle that is not too far out. However, the trip becomes complicated as the duo run into one incident after another. Sam Blissfully stoned after spending an entire evening smoking weed, Harold, a mistreated investment banker who crunches numbers all day, and his bosom buddy, Kumar, an unambitious, laid-back slacker, have an epiphany. Now, to survive a severe case of the munchies, the boys are willing to get up off the couch and drive all the way to New Jersey in the middle of the night, in search of the perfect meal: White Castle's scrumptious square sliders. However, what started as a quick ride to the nearest burger joint, will soon turn into an unrelenting series of mishaps, as Kumar and Harold's noble quest for satisfaction leads to unexpected encounters with Good Samaritans with a bad complexion and mysterious hitch-hikers. But, the night is long, and the two friends are tired, and above all, famished. Who can stand between a man and his favourite food? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie starts late on a Friday afternoon at the investment bank where Harold ( John Cho ) works. Two of Harold's co-workers talk about going out for the night to get laid. One, who is heartbroken from a breakup, says he can't go out because he has to work on a project due the next day. The other suggests giving the work to Harold because he is "a nerdy little Asian guy." When Harold is coerced into doing the work by threats of being reported to his boss for slacking off, he has to call his roommate Kumar. Kumar ( Kal Penn ) is at a medical school application interview. He doesn't want to become a doctor but is applying to medical school so his father will keep paying for his apartment. Harold interrupts the interview with the phone call to tell Kumar he can't party tonight because he has to work. Kumar replies--in front of the dean-- "Fuck that shit, since when has doing your work prevented you from getting high?" This line of reasoning easily changes Harold's mind, and the dean's as well. Though the dean had been on the verge of admitting Kumar before he took Harold's call, he's appalled by Kumar's bad manners and bad attitude. The dean throws Kumar out of his office (but not before Kumar spills a hot drink in his lap). Harold leaves his office where his bad day gets worse when his briefcase strap breaks and he is held up at the exit. He drives home. As he's backing into a parking spot in front of his apartment building, an Orange Ford Bronco steals the space. The group of "extreme assholes" in the Bronco tell Harold, "this is America, dude, learn how to drive" and flick him off. Harold finds another spot, many blocks away, and walks through the front door of his building to see his dream girl, Maria ( Paula Garcs ), waiting for the elevator. He plays in his head how he wants the next events to go: he tells Maria that she can come over his place if she isn't doing anything else that night, and she agrees. Reality sets in and he walks into the elevator with Maria and forgets to press his floor number, which makes him look like an ass. He is about to say something to Maria but chickens out and ends up jerking his mail in his hand. The elevator gets to his and Maria's floor and they go their separate ways. Maria tells him bye, to which he replies in a low voice. Harold gets into his apartment and the party begins! But first he has to chase Kumar out of his room and dispose of his nail scissors, which Kumar has been using to trim his pubes. Then they settle down and get high. Joint after joint after bong hit Harold and Kumar get blitzed out of their skulls. They see a TV news flash saying that a cheetah has escaped from the Morestown Zoo. Now they got the munchies. They talk about getting some KFC when a White Castle advertisement comes on the TV and they are focused on White Castle and nothing else. They ask their neighbors Goldstein ( David Krumholtz ) and Rosenberg ( Eddie Kaye Thomas )--who are as stoned as Harold and Kumar--to go along, but Goldstein and Rosenberg would rather have hot dogs. On the way to Harold's car, they see the yahoos who took Harold's parking spot; the yahoos call Harold and Kumar fags. They go to where they think White Castle is, but it's not a White Castle anymore; it's a Burger Shack. They ask the drive-thru worker what happened to the White Castle. He informs them that Burger Shack bought that location 4 years earlier. He also tells them about a White Castle 45 minutes away that is open 24 hours. They head for the restaurant and are about to smoke some more but Harold being the paranoid smoker he is throws the weed out the window because Kumar gets stuck in a toll booth that isn't working. Kumar gets mad at Harold and decides to take him to Princeton to sweet talk Cindy Kim, who has a huge crush on Harold, into getting them some weed. Harold goes to a meeting of Cindy's club while Kumar goes around the college looking for anyone who has weed. He finds a huge stoner named Bradley ( Dov Tiefenbach ) who shows him a pound of weed. Kumar catches the fancy of two cute girls in argyle sweaters, who invite him to come up to their room later. Bradley sells a very over-priced quarter of weed to Kumar. Kumar finds Harold and they smoke a joint on a staircase, which catches the attention of a Princeton security guard. The guard chases them. They escape by hiding in the women's bathroom, where they unwillingly overhear--and oversmell--the argyle sweater girls playing a disgusting game called "battleshits." The security guards catch Bradley with his pound of weed and take him to jail. Back on the road to White Castle, Kumar stops in the middle of nowhere to take a piss. He goes into the woods and finds a random bush and starts peeing when a man (Jamie Kennedy) dressed in a suit comes out of nowhere and starts peeing next to him. When Kumar asks him what he is doing, the man starts flipping out asking him if it's his special bush and if he is "a fucking tree hugger." Meanwhile, a raccoon jumps into their car; Harold, who's working on his laptop, doesn't notice. When Kumar is done urinating he gets back into the car and drives off. The raccoon jumps into the front seat and bites Harold's neck, making him think he has rabies. He throws the raccoon out the window. They go to the hospital where they find out that Harold doesn't have rabies, but Kumar's father, a doctor, catches them before they can leave. He questions Kumar about the failed medical school interview and tells Kumar that he has one more interview tomorrow and if Kumar is anything less than perfect he will completely cut him off. Kumar then steals his father's ID card in hopes that it will get them access to the hospital's supply of medical marijuana. Kumar and Harold are then mistaken for Kumar's dad and brother and they're asked to perform emergency surgery on a man who has been shot. Kumar performs it flawlessly and asks the man if he knows how to get to White Castle; he gives them directions and off they go. Harold and Kumar see Maria leaving a movie theater. Kumar yells to Maria, but Harold doesn't want her to see him so he leans down and presses the gas pedal. Kumar loses control and the car goes down a steep hill. The car is undamaged but the tire pops. Then a tow truck picks them up. It's driven by an ugly man covered with boils and sores, Freakshow ( Christopher Meloni ). He takes them to his house where he tells them that he will fix their car and they can go inside and fuck his wife Liane ( Malin Akerman ). To their surprise his wife is HOT!! She is a freak and she wants them to fuck her at the same time, but Harold says he doesn't want his balls touching Kumar's so they ask for blow jobs. Before they get very far, Freakshow comes in and flips out to see his wife topless and the guys about to touch her breasts. Then he lightens up and asks if they want to have a foursome, which scares Harold and Kumar and they run out. They flee in the car (Freakshow fixed the tire), but they're lost, so Kumar picks up a hitchhiker, hoping that the guy will know how to get to the White Castle. The hitchhiker is Neil Patrick Harris --playing himself, more or less. Neil is tripping off X and wants to pick up some strippers so he can get laid. He's no help to them. They find a convenience store where they hope to get directions. They meet back up with the "extreme assholes," who give them more shit. They get directions from a man working at the store as the "extreme assholes" tear it apart. While they are walking back to the car, Neil takes off with it. On the way to call the police about the stolen car, Harold is arrested for getting into an altercation with a police officer while trying to cross the street. While in jail Harold sees Bradley the huge stoner, stripped down to his BVDs. Bradley's pound of weed has been confiscated and his mother takes him home. Kumar breaks into the jail and lets Harold out. Kumar catches a whiff of weed, sees Bradley's confiscated pound, and takes it. He and Harold are now running from the police. They end up in the woods where they see the cheetah that escaped from the zoo. To make sure the cheetah doesn't kill them they toke up and get the cheetah blazed. They end up riding the cheetah in hopes that it will take them to White Castle, but Harold gets knocked off and knocked out. He has a psychedelic interlude--featuring walking hamburgers, a white castle, and lots of marijuana leaves--in which he shoots the obnoxious cop who arrested him ("Bullets--my only weakness! How did you know?") and hooks up with Maria. He wakes to find that it's Kumar, not Maria, licking his face; that his laptop has been smashed; and that the cheetah took them in the wrong direction. Now Harold, who has never been as devoted to the quest as Kumar, decides to give up and go home, hamburgerless. But just then they catch sight of their neighbors Goldstein and Rosenberg scarfing down hot dogs and looking happy. Harold decides that he craves that feeling of satisfaction that comes from getting what you want--in his case, White Castle burgers.They go back to the convenience store, where they steal the "extreme" guys' Bronco. As they speed down the road a cop starts to chase them. They turn into the woods to lose the cop and come to an abrupt stop at the edge of a cliff--where, looking down, they see WHITE CASTLE!! Kumar makes a passionate speech about their whole journey and how it's not just about hamburgers any more: it's about being in America and to have any dream you want to have and their dream is to get to White Castle. Riding a hang glider they find on the roof of the Bronco, they jump off the mountain just as the sun comes up. They crash into a tree and land right in front of Whitecastle. They go in and each order 30 hamburgers, 4 orders of fries and 4 sodas--only to find out that they don't have any money. But Neil Patrick Harris sees them and gives Harold back his car key, says he is going to pay for their meals and gives Harold $200 for the "love stains" he made in the back of his car. They enjoy a huge, fabulous meal. Once they finish they decide that they are going to change their lives. Kumar will go to med school and to his interview that day. When Harold's slacker co-workers walk in, he stands up for himself and tells them he isn't going to do their work for them any more. He and Kumar leave White Castle full and changed. Harold tells Kumar he is going to ask Maria out and stop being a pussy. At home, they're getting off the elevator when Maria gets on. Kumar makes Harold go back down with her. After an awkward start, Harold spills his guts and Maria ends up making out with him and falls for him. She tells him "now you have to work on your timing;" she is going to Amsterdam and she will be back in 10 days. Harold rides the elevator back up where Kumar meets him and asks if Maria touched his penis. Harold reports that he made out with her and that she is going to Amsterdam and she will be back in 10 days. Kumar tells him that a hot chick like her in Amsterdam for 10 days is "the kiss of death" and she could come back taken. Kumar talks Harold into going to Amsterdam and it ends. Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay (2008) picks up where this movie leaves off. 