nm0004026:

 Role Play (1999)Summaries A teenager, who is so ingrained into the rules of a role-playing game, becomes oblivious to the rules of the real world. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Alien Conquest (2021)Summaries Sibling astronomers discover Martians are threatening to attack Earth, but no one believes them-until Martians land and nearly destroy all of New York City. Sibling astronomers discover Martians are threatening to attack Earth, but no one believes them until Martians land and nearly destroy all of New York City. As the siblings try to make it out of the city with their families, they discover the Martians have no immunity against the diseases of Earth, and must now figure out how to infect the invading army to eradicate the aliens before all of Earth is destroyed first. Romulus1953 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Up Up Down Down: The Series (2010 )Summaries Up Up Down Down: the series revolves around the misadventures of the employees and customers of UP UP DOWN DOWN, a privately owned game store trying to keep itself open. The geeks are going to inherit the Earth, but they need to get their act together first. It's Nerdvana, but with more women. Full of fun and frivolity (I had to look it up, too), Kris Koller It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Tell-Tale Heart (2003 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 