nm0003473:

 Brahms & Liszt (2010)Summaries Pray silence for this Drunk as he tries to find his way home after a costume party. Stumbling through the streets with his new friend a stuffed duck,he encounters a number of obstacles. Failing to unlock his front door he faces the realization that the consequences of his evening might be far more serious then initially realized. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Flirting Club (2010)Summaries Some people are beyond help when it comes to meeting someone. An American Pie meets Male Bridget Jones. Jamie, age 29 going on 12, loser, virgin, stumbles upon a group of misfits who meet every week above a pub in order to discover the secrets of love, relationships and finding the perfect partner.....The Flirting Club. Is it the answer to what he is searching for? Jamie has one month to meet a real girl otherwise he has to marry Laura 'the human pig' from next door. Inadvertently hampered by his best mate Bill, stuck with a schoolboy infatuation with his Hot Boss, two left feet and zero pulling skills an accidental encounter with his local flirting club, might just hold all the answers. The group of six, thirty-something singles and Miriam, their teacher who has an unusual approach to flirting success, seem unlikely to succeed. But as everyone knows the course to true love is never easy and the gang of misfits soon learn that getting it right is more about being yourself then trying to be someone else. Jovy It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sorted (2000)Summaries A young lawyer gets more than he bargains for while investigating his brother's mysterious death. Carl (Matthew Rhys) has travelled from Yorkshire to central London to clear up the details of his brother's death. Although a successful attorney, Carl finds that there is another side to his brother's life, into which he willingly gets pulled. A group of techno junkies accept him into their family, as he is the brother of their late friend. With copious Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA) to aide him, Carl enters the underground all-night rave scene in hopes of discovering the truth to his brother's suspicious death. kwedgwood@hotmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Holiday Romance (1998)Summaries A would-be thief enters a house and finds plenty of reasons to make himself at home. Chief among them is the fact that he can't leave, having been trapped by his 'victim' and forced to look after the place while she's on vacation. Can the tables be turned again? Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 