nm0005203:

 In Plain Sight (20082012)Summaries U.S. Marshal Mary Shannon must hunt down witnesses for federal cases in the witness protection program while also managing a rather dysfunctional family and her own personal life. Mary Shannon is a U.S. Marshal in the witness protection program who spends her time relocating federal witnesses.. Based in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Mary works with her partner, Marshall Mann, to place criminals and innocent witnesses into new lives. When not putting her life on the line to protect federal witnesses, Mary attempts to manage her dysfunctional family, including overly dependent mother, Jinx, and younger sister, Brandi, both of whom live with her. Between work and family, Mary has little time for boyfriend Raphael Ramirez who plays minor league baseball. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 K-PAX (2001)211) PROT is a patient at a mental hospital who claims to be from a faraway planet named K-PAX. His psychiatrist tries to help him, only to begin to doubt his own explanations. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Claiming to be an extraterrestrial from a planet called 'K-PAX' about one thousand light years away in the Lyra constellation, Prot (rhyming with the word "goat", played by Kevin Spacey) is committed to the Psychiatric Institute of Manhattan where psychiatrist Mark Powell (Jeff Bridges) begins to evaluate him as a delusional. However, Prot's unwavering ability to provide cogent answers to questions about himself, K-PAX, and its civilization leads Dr. Powell to introduce him to a group of astrophysicists, where Prot claims to have journeyed to Earth by means of "light-travel" and goes on to display rare knowledge that resolves a puzzle for them. After Prot explains that his people do not live in families, Dr. Powell invites Prot to his home for a July fourth picnic. Prot translates for the dog, eats, learns about Dr. Powell's family problems, and plays with the children until the sprinkler turns on and he freaks out. Prot exhibits considerable influence over the other patients at the Institute, each of whom believes unquestioningly that he is indeed from K-PAX. Prot has explained that he can take one person with him when he returns; thereafter most of the patients at the institute ask to be taken to K-PAX. Upon learning that many of his patients expect to leave Earth on July 27, Dr. Powell confronts Prot, who explains that it is a predetermined date. However, Powell believes this to be a significant date in Prot's life, a day on which he suffered a severe psychological trauma. Powell then decides to subject Prot to regression hypnosis, which works well. Using information gained from these sessions, Powell figures out that Prot is actually Robert Porter, a man presumed dead since attempting suicide after his wife and daughter were murdered in 1996. On July 27, what is thought to be Prot is found lying catatonic under his bed, and one of the other patients is also missing. The missing patient is never found, and Prot does not return. The other patients do not recognize Robert as he is being wheeled out of the room. 
 1408 (2007)651) A man who specialises in debunking paranormal occurrences checks into the fabled room 1408 in the Dolphin Hotel. Soon after settling in, he confronts genuine terror. The cynical and skeptical writer Mike Enslin writes books evaluating supernatural phenomena in hotels, graveyards and other haunted places, usually debunking the mystery. While writing his latest book, he travels from Los Angeles to New York to spend one night in the Dolphin Hotel's posessed room 1408, which is permanently unavailable for guests. The reluctant manager Mr. Gerald Olin objects to his request and offers an upgrade, expensive booze and finally relates the death of more than fifty guests over decades in the cursed room. However Mike threatens Mr. Olin, promising to sue the hotel, and is finally allowed to check into the room. Later in the night, he finds that guests of room 1408, once they have checked in, might never leave the room alive. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Author Mike Enslin specializes in paranormal investigations writing books along the line of the 10 best haunted hotels in America and so on. He receives an anonymous postcard in the mail telling him not to stay in room 1408 at the Dolphin Hotel in New York City. His attempts to make a reservation there are unsuccessful and he is told that it isn't available - ever. His research reveals that there have been a number of very strange deaths in that room dating as far back as the hotel's opening 95 years ago. The hotel is forced to accept him but the manager, Gerald Olin, begs him not to stay there. In his opinion, the room is evil and no one has ever been able to stay in there for more than an hour. Enslin scoffs at the warning and is soon in the room - from which he soon becomes desperate to leave. garykmcd Hacked off with his miserable life, the quasi-successful author of spine-chilling ghost stories, Mike Enslin, makes a living debunking supernatural events by visiting sites of reported paranormal activity. Profoundly cynical, Enslin receives an anonymous postcard warning him not to check into the mysterious room 1408 of Manhattan's Dolphin Hotel, of course, only to spark his suspicious interest. Intrigued, Mike chooses to ignore the hotel manager's insistent warnings of the evil room's grave dangers--and after packing his spirit-detecting gear--he boldly enters a secret realm of bizarre occurrences and surreal instances. Will Room 1408 make for an excellent final chapter in sceptic Mike's new novel? Nick Riganas Based on the short Stephen King horror story of the same name, 1408 is about supernatural writer Mike Enslin, an author of two successful books on supernatural phenomena. As research for his latest book, Enslin is determined to check out the notorious room 1408 in a New York City hotel by personally staying as a guest in the fabled room. He believes that 1408 is just a myth perpetuated by stories and rumors that Enslin has collected for his past works. However, hotel manager Mr. Olin has strong objections to Enslin's stay and only warns him of possible danger to come. Enslin is determined to go anyway. But what Mike Enslin is about to experience is no myth, as 1408 truly is a room where the guests don't check out by noon. mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with a strong rainstorm on a road. We see a car approaching us. The car stops by a local lodge. A man gets out and runs in soaking wet. This man is Mike Enslin (John Cusack). He walks up to the front desk and starts talking to the elderly couple who run the establishment. They tell him how they've been expecting him. It is explained quickly through their conversation that Mike is an author of cheesy horror tour guide books. He travels from place to place, staying at supposedly "haunted" places and then writing summaries of them for his books. As he talks with the couple they try and tell him all about the history of the lodge and how a servant of the house once hanged herself and the female head of the house lost all five of her children to tuberculosis in the bed Mike will be staying in. Mike however, seems totally perfunctory about these stories. He seems to be very apathetic to the history of the place and clearly feels he knows as much as he needs to. He just wants to stay in the room so he can study it once again like he has done so many other times. Later we see Mike in the attic room that is claimed to be haunted but it seems totally mundane and harmless. As time passes Mike walks around and checks the place out. He even breaks out of equipment which he uses to test for the presence of supernatural forces. It is all to no avail though. The room is a regular room and Mike falls asleep. The next morning Mike wakes up and promptly leaves, He heads to a book signing he is scheduled to attend in a small book store. When he arrives he sees a stand setup but no one is there to greet him and there doesn't seem to be anyone there lined up to see him. Mike heads to the counter and tells the man there he is here for his book event. The man at first seems totally oblivious to what Mike is talking about. Mike shows him a pamphlet with his picture on it from the store announcing the event. Then the store guy seems to recall. The clerk at the counter announces the event over the loudspeaker of the store to the sparse number of patrons. However, most seem to show little or no interest. Next, we see Mike talking about his various books at the "event", which is attended by 4 or 5 people. He talks of his various derivative books like "The 10 Scariest Mansions" and "The 10 Scariest Lighthouses". One of the attendees asks him if his experiences have lead him to believe in ghosts. Mike says all this stuff is fantasy and that nothing in all of his travels has ever been out of the ordinary and would lead to believe in such things as much as he might like to. He sarcastically tells one of the people if he really wants to see a ghost he should head to the "Haunted Mansion" in Orlando. As he signs the various horror guide books for the handful in attendance. A young girl walks up to him and places a book before him called "The Long Road Home" that he wrote. Mike is astounded that the girl has a copy of this book. It is clear this is not one of his horror books. The girl says her name is Anna and she tells him how she was genuinely touched and moved by the book and how it seemed too authentic, especially the part about the relationship between the father and son. She asks him if it really happened. Mike says no. However, his expression clearly indicates that is not quite true. He seems flattered by her words, but clearly he doesn't want to linger on this point. When she asks him if he is ever going to write another book like it, Mike says that period is over now. After the book event Mike heads back to his home base in Los Angeles. While there he goes for some surfing down by the beach. As Mike is surfing he surfaces from the water and sees a plane flying over his head. The plane has a message banner attached to it. As Mike tries to read it he gets distracted and fails to see the huge wave that is headed for him. The wave sends Mike reeling and he eventually washes up on the beach chocking water with a guy asking him if he is alright. Later Mike goes to the post office to pick up his mail. We then see him at a local diner opening up his mail. Most of them are advertisements for more "supposedly" haunted locations that the owners want Mike to visit and write about. One of these is a post card that catches Mikes eye. It is a postcard from the Dolphin Hotel in New York. On the back of the postcard is a single warning message: "DON'T ENTER 1408! Mike examines the room number and writes "=13" on the card realizing this is what the sum of the numbers is. "Clever" he comments. Next Mike phones his New York publishing office and speaks to his publisher Sam Farrell (Tony Shalhoub). He tells him he plans on making the Room 1408 of the Dolphin the final location for his newest touring book. Sam tells him it sounds like a really cool possibility, but asks Mike if he really wants to come back to New York after "all that happened". Mike says he is over "that" now, but its clear that Mike is still deeply affected by something that occurred there. Mike then sets out researching newspaper clippings of the incidents that have transpired with the former occupants of the Dolphins infamous room. He finds one article in particular of the first victim of the room. A wealthy businessman who inexplicably jumped from the window of the room while staying there just 1 week after the hotel opened. Mike then calls the hotel itself and tells them he would like to make a reservation. They say fine, but then Mike says he wants room 1408 and they immediately reply that it is unavailable. Mike says he never gave a date. He keeps persisting them in asking when it will be made available, but they keep saying it wont and eventually hang up on him. Mike thinks this is some sort of ploy. He speaks to Farrell again and he tells Mike that physically they cannot prevent Mike from renting the room according to the law. If it is available as a hotel they must rent any available room to him according to official operational New York guidelines. Mike says this is great and tells them to go ahead and make the reservation. Farrell asks Mike if he is sure about this given the rooms incredibly sordid and wicked history. Mike says he isn't concerned and prepares to head for the Dolphin. Next we see Mike arriving at the Dolphin Hotel. It isn't at all the sort of creepy and macabre establishment he expects and that most of the places he visits try to be. It looks like a regular hotel. He enters the lobby and finds it quite busy. He approaches the counter and speaks to the woman there. Mike tells her who he is and that he is here to check into Room 1408. However, as soon as she enters his information on the computer an alert comes up to immediately notify the manager before letting Mike Enslin check in. She tells him to wait a moment. While he is waiting a hotel lobby bellboy walks over and asks Mike is he can take his bag. Mike says no and the worker politely walks on. Shortly thereafter Mike meets the manager of the hotel Gerald Olin (Samuel L. Jackson). Gerald asks Mike if he can please accompany him back to his office and says he needs to discuss the matter of Mike staying in Room 1408. Mike agrees to this and the two head off. Inside Gerald Olin's office, Gerald tries to tell Mike about why he must not stay in Room 1408. He first offers Mike a bottle of some expensive Bourbon on the house as a friendly gesture, which Mike takes. He then goes through the rooms gruesome and hideous history and how dozens of people have killed themselves inside the room in all sorts of shocking manners. However, as he says all this Mike interrupts him and starts continuing what Gerald was saying about the entire grizzly history of the room. Gerald smiles and says "I see you've done your homework well". However, he tells Mike he doesn't know the whole story. That in addition to all the suicides there have been over 20 "natural" deaths in the room of various circumstances like strokes, heart attacks, and people who appeared to have literally appeared to have panicked to death. Mike seems startled by this news but remains largely stoic about all of it. He tells Gerald that by staying in 1408 he will write a nice piece of it in his next book and increase the hotels occupancy by 50%. Gerald tells him the hotel usually runs at 90% capacity and doesnt need Mike to promulgate the hotel in one of his books. Gerald tells Mike that the hotel doesn't seek any kind of attention to 1408. That it only fears the room claiming more victims. He continues that no one has ever stayed in room 1408 and lived and in fact no one has lasted more than an hour. He pulls out of a folder of case files of the rooms myriad of victims and tells Mike that in all 56 people have died in there. Gerald says this isn't about publicity or anything else; he just doesnt want to see anyone else die in there. He offers to let Mike see the folder along with staying in Room 1404 which has the same layout if he will just agree not to stay in 1408. Mike says no. Gerald becomes aggravated and throws Mike the folder and says "Here! Just look at it! Mike examines the folder and peruses the photos of its many unfortunate former occupants as Gerald recounts their stories, in particular one of a man who was found stitching his own body parts together. Mike is clearly perturbed by this, but still insists on going to 1408. When Gerald asks Mike why he is so adamant about staying in Room 1408 despite all the grizzly stories he has told him Mike responds that he has stayed in countless places over the years where slaughters have occurred and he remains unscathed. Gerald finally relents and takes Mike to get the key for 1408. It is a regular old style brass key. Mike asks why and Gerald tells him that no electronic cards will work with the room for some reason. Mike jokes and says "What the phantoms don't like modern innovations? Gerald tells him he never said anything about a phantom or a ghost or any such thing. He leans in towards Mike and says "It's an evil fucking room! We next see Mike and Gerald on the elevator up to the 14th floor. Mike inquires about how the room is maintained being as haunted as it is. Gerald tells him that once a month he and the hotel staff go up to the room in a special visit, to change the bulbs and sheets among other things. He says they always go in groups and the door remains open at all times. He tells Mike they treat the room like its a biological hazard zone. However, he says once they were cleaning up 1408 and a maid wandered into the bathroom and the door of it closed on her. Gerald says the maid was only in there for less than a minute. Mike says "Let me guess she died? Gerald says "No, she went blind! He says she poked her own eyes out from sheer madness laughing as they pulled her out. Mike is clearly distressed by all Gerald has told him but when the elevator stops Mike gets off. Gerald says this is as far as he goes and gives Mike one final warning to please not go to 1408. Mike just continues on and the elevator door closes. Mike moves down the hallway of the 14th floor. At first it seems normal with a maid passing by and a few hotel guests entering rooms. However, something seems eerily unsettling. Mike continues to 1408 and opens the door with the key. Initially he finds the experience totally anti-climactic. The room looks totally banal and mundane. Just like any regular modern hotel room. He walks in and shuts the door. Initially Mike starts to get used to his surroundings. He checks out the room, but there doesn't seem to be anything unusual. It has all the usual amenities of a typical hotel room including a copy of The Bible. Mike lays down on the bed and proceeds to make sardonically mocking comments into a voice recorder he brought with him about how much a joke it is that people speak with such fear of this room. As time passes by Mike gets up goes to the two windows of 1408 to look out. As Mike looks out the window he suddenly hears some weird noise of movement behind him. As Mike turns around he suddenly sees two chocolates laid on his pillow from out of nowhere. He goes into the bathroom and sees the toilet paper has been replaced Mike laughs and thinks this is some ruse by the hotel staff to try and scare him. He says "Lovely! I have the ghost who does turn down service in here. Mike thinks whoever did the changes must still be in the room, but despite looking everywhere he cannot find anyone. A series of bizarre but trivial events starts occurring afterward. Noises, flashes, and other weird happenings seem to be going on, however, nothing that cannot be easily explained. Then the heat in the room starts getting out of control. Mike is convinced this is all the doing of the hotel staff to make him leave the room. Mike calls the hotel operator to complain. He demands they send someone to fix it. The operator agrees. Mike seems surprised with how easily she complies with his demands given the fact he think the hotel staff is trying to antagonize him. After a little bit a mechanic arrives at the door, Mike tries to open the door but it is stuck. After pulling on it with great force it finally opens sending Mike to the floor. He sees the mechanic at the door and tells him to come in and fix the thermostat, but the man refuses saying there is no way he is entering 1408. Mike asks how he is supposed to fix the temperature. The guy tells him he can talk him through it and just has Mike tap on a switch in the box. The cooling comes back on. Mike thanks him, but by the time he turns around to look at him he is already gone and the door closed. Mike goes back to relaxing in the room, just as he drinks Bourbon a little, the clock radio turns on itself, playing "We've Only Just Begun" by The Carpenters, freaking him out. The clock in the room he notices has even begun a countdown from 60 minutes. Initially this doesn't bother Mike much but as the events continue he becomes more and more terrified. Mike hears a high-pitch tingling and becomes deaf temporarily. His hand is crushed by the window, then he went to the bathroom to wash the wounds but suddenly the faucet runs from cool to hot water. Mike tries to close the faucet with a towel but it fails then he kicks the sink, stopping the faucet. Back to the room to put a bandage in a wounded hand, then the clock radio again turns itself on, playing the same song. Mike quickly pulls the radio, disconnecting the cord but its clock still counting down. The telephone rings and Mike picks up. The woman operator he spoke to earlier picks up again. Mike is livid about what has been happening, but the operator is different now, rude and almost mocking, telling Mike to calm down and not speak to her in such a harsh tone of voice. She tells Mike she will put the manager on, but Mike waits and the manager never comes. Mike hangs up the phone and grabs his stuff and then makes a run for the door. However, just as he opens the door, the key breaks. He then tries to unlock the door with the knife and it unlocks, but the door knob breaks, the door is now locked and no matter how many times Mike pulls and bangs on it, it will not open. Mike goes back over to the bed and sees a spectre of an old man (who looks like the same man who was the first one to commit suicide in the room) emerge from the wall the ghostly spectre goes over towards the window and jumps out. Then another female ghostly spectre appears and jumps out of the other window. Mike goes over to the window and looks out. Across the street he can see a man sitting in a building through a window on the other side of the street. Mike tries to signal and scream to the man. The man across the street gets up and takes a look at Mike. Mike keeps signalling to him and sees the man across the street signalling back, but eventually he realizes this person across the street is just mimicking his own actions. Mike cannot understand what is going on. He takes the lamp he has been holding in his hand trying to signal the other man and holds it up to his face. When he does so the man across the street does the same and Mike sees the man across the street is actually him. He then sees a figure with a knife approaching the mirror version of him across the street from behind. Mike turns around and is attacked by the same hideous figure that eventually vanishes. Mike picks up the lamp and tries to throw it out the window towards the ground to try and get the attention of the people and cars he can see passing below, but as he drops it the lamp just vanishes. Mike tries to go back towards the door, but it still wont open. He now looks over at the lampshade of the lamp he just dropped out the window. It still has light coming out of it despite there being no lamp. Mike is now convinced he must be hallucinating. He looks over at the bottle of Bourbon that Gerald gave him and one of the chocolates left on his bed that he ate. He realizes these could've been used to drug him. Suddenly the TV in his room turns on. A old scene from his life comes on the TV. He sees himself playing with his wife Lily Enslin (Mary McCormack) and their daughter Katie (Jasmine Jessica Anthony). As Mike watches this old memory he comes visibly morose and distraught. He puts his hand up to the TV, but the scene vanishes. Mike hears more of the commotion from the next room over he had heard earlier. He hears a baby crying, he knocks on the wall and asks the woman he assumes must be with the baby to help him, but no one responds. Instead the baby's crying gets progressively louder and louder, until it becomes absolutely deafening. Mike falls to the floor and throws a chair at the wall and the noise finally dissipates. Mike now realizes he must escape. He goes back over to the window. All the while Mike has been saying comments into a voice recorder he brought with him to document his stay in 1408. He makes one comment into the voice recorder as he prepares to go out the window that if something were to happen to him he would want anyone who found the recorder to know it was because he slipped and fell and it was an accident. It was not that the room drove him to kill himself. Mike looks the hotel's floor plan of the 14th floor for escape plan. Mike goes out of the window and gets on the ledge. He figures he can make his way across to the window of the next room over. However, as Mike keeps going further and further away he wonders how much further it must be. Mike then looks down the ledge but he cannot see any other windows except room 1408. Mike realizes he cannot go further and makes his way back to the window he came from, but as he tries to go back in the ghost of the woman who jumped before startles him. She then jumps again and as Mike watches her fall she vanishes before hitting the ground. Mike finally goes back to the room and he sees the floor plan has changed, showing the only room 1408 is in the middle of the building. He also sees another scene from his past. This time, part of the room next to him turns into a hospital room and we see Mike consoling his wife Lilly about the current status of their daughters health. He tells her everything will be alright. Sitting next to them in a hospital bed is Katie who can hear what they are saying and is clearly concerned. Next the walls start to bleed. Mike tries to calm himself by saying that this must all be a nightmare, but he wonders why he cannot wake up. He tries to shock himself out of his dream by looking out of the window, as he does the rooms elevation seems to rise dramatically and Mike falls back in sheer fright. Eventually this all culminates in the room becoming like a whirlwind, overwhelming with paranormal activity. When Mike finally recovers from this disorienting event he finds the room around has physically changed appearance. The windows are now covered over in a white preventing him from looking out. The entire room is now bathed in a powerful and ominous white light. The rooms wallpaper has changed to one of white flowers and everything else seems to have been modified in a peculiar way. The temperature has also dropped dramatically. Mike then sees that another one of the sections of the room has become another scene from his past. He sees an old man sitting in a chair in what looks like a mental home. This time Mike walks up to the man and talks to him. The man complains about why he is here. Mike realizes this man is his father. His father smiles and tells Mike that soon Mike will be driven insane like him. Mike now realizes he must try and contact someone on the outside. Previously he had tried his cell phone, but he could not get a signal. Now he tries the wireless connection on his laptop. By some miracle he is able to get through. He manages to get a video signal through to his wife Lilly. Lilly is astounded to see Mike and wants to know why after all this time he has finally contacted her. Mike tells her he cannot explain. What is going on, but she must help him. He begs her to send the police to where he is. He tells her he is in New York at the Dolphin Hotel. Lilly is surprised he is back in New York which is also where she is. She keeps asking Mike why he hasn't been in communication in so long but Mike just tells her to please send the police to where he is. She seems baffled as to why, but Mike begs her to just do it. Suddenly the sprinkler system cuts on and short circuits Mike's laptop breaking their conversation. Mike is furious and doesn't even know if his wife got the message. Mike looks back over at the clock to see it is still ticking down Mike realizes again he must try to escape. He goes over to the room's door. Mike had previously seen a air duct above the room. He hopes he can crawl through the ducts to get out. Mike manages to climb up and get into the ducts. As he begins moving through the air ducts he can see more scenes from his life as he passes the air ducts of the rooms below, including one of his wife tending to his daughter as a baby. Mike keeps trying to go on, but suddenly he finds himself pursued by a grotesque looking old man. The old man starts crawling after Mike and keeps grabbing on to him. Finally Mike kicks the old mans face shattering it. Mike finally falls back down the air duct to Room 1408. He finds the temperature has dropped yet again and the room is now completely covered in snow. Mike walks back over to the floor plan and sees it has now changed. It only shows 1408 and nothing but blackness around it. Mike looks through the keyhole and sees just a wall. Mike tries to burn the various articles in the room to try and keep warm. As he does he witnesses more scenes from his past. He sees a scene of his sick daughter back in the hospital with his wife. They are trying to tell Katie that everything will be alright and that she doesnt have to worry about dying. Mike tries his best to keep her spirits up, but it is obvious he has real doubts and fears. Finally we see Mike and Lilly in their home bereaved and commiserating over their daughters death. Mike is angry at his wife for his feeling that she "Filled Katie's head with fantasies of a heaven, instead of willing her to fight! He clearly has lost all his faith and is consumed with despair. Mike then sees a vision in the wall. It is Gerald Olin back in his office... Gerald begins talking to Mike. Mike is furious at him but Gerald says he gave Mike every chance to pass on staying in 1408. He tells Mike that he should not have been so skeptical and doubtful of paranormal activity and ghosts in his books and appearances all those years. He says there is a reason why people believe in this sort of thing, for the glimmer of hope that there really is something beyond death. Mike tries to reach for Gerald to hit him, but he just finds himself punching a wall. Mike is finally ready to give up when he hears his wife on his laptop again contacting him. He runs over to it and tells her if she sent the police to 1408. His wife says the police are in 1408 and it is empty. Mike now realizes the full power of 1408. The room has now transported him into some kind of separate dimension from the reality he has in. Mike tries to tell his wife he is done for and that he is going to die. His wife says Mike is crazy and that she is going to come down there to him. Mike then pleads with her not to do this, but suddenly he realizes she is not hearing him. Then Mike sees a new window on his laptop open up. This time the video image is of him. The new image of Mike begins talking to his wife telling her to come down to 1408 and please join him. Mike begins screaming to the video of his wife on the laptop but to no avail. She can only hear the words of the impostor on the laptop. After she logs off the false Mike looks directly at the real Mike and smiles and then winks. Mike now realizes its not just his life in peril. He screams in utter rage. The rooms paranormal activity reaches its pinnacle. The entire room starts "coming alive" even the pictures on the wall. One of the pictures, a scene of a ship in a violent storm begins pouring water into the room. Soon the entire room is gone and Mike is trapped underwater, above him though he sees a light being emitted from the surface. As Mike swims towards it he comes up and realizes he is no longer in 1408. He is back on the beach from the beginning of the film. He looks up and sees the plane from earlier flying overhead and this time he can read the message on it, it says to get great life insurance call XXX-1408. Mike eventually finds himself back on the beach from before where he washed up. Mike then comes to in a hospital in LA. He sees his wife Lilly sitting next to him. He asks her if he is in NY, but she tells him he is in LA and that he never went to NY. He explains to his wife that had a vivid dream of going to NY and staying in Room 1408 at the Dolphin Hotel. His wife says she has never heard of it. We then see the two of them in a restaurant and his wife is telling Mike how the dream must've been a metaphor he concocted based on the events of his life. Mike seems composed, but he suddenly sees a waitress who looks exactly like the suicidal ghost from 1408. Mike becomes flustered, but then he looks back over and sees it is not that woman. Mikes wife then suggest he write about the experience. We then see Mike researching the same stories from before of the victims of 1408 but this time they are different and the victims are unrelated and didn't die in 1408. We then see Mike writing about the experience of 1408 on his computer and how it was a hellish dream he built in his mind. Finally Mike brings his completed manuscript of the 1408 story to the post office to mail it to the NY office, but as he gets to the counter he suddenly notices the man at the counter is not the usual guy, It is the bellboy he met earlier at the Dolphin, Mike turns around and sees some guys working on the wall behind him, but they too are workers from the Dolphin hotel. Suddenly they all begin tearing down the walls of the post office and behind them emerges Room 1408. Mike now realizes the nightmare is going to begin again anew. Mike is back in 1408 - is in ruins - but he cannot believe it. He keeps telling himself "I WAS OUT! Mike looks back at the clock. It is still ticking down. Eventually Mikes daughter appears before him. Mike doesnt believe this is the real Katie. She asks him "Don't you love me anymore?" Mike falls to his knees and grabs Katie in his arms. He tells Katie he loves her and they will be together forever. However, suddenly Mike feels Katie go limp. He looks at Katie only to find her slumped dead in his arms. Mike begins to weep uncontrollably and falls to the floor. "You cant take her from me twice" he explains. The clock radio - still intact - turns itself on, playing the same song. The body of his daughter crumbles before him into dust. Mike becomes furious and smashes anything in a room. Mike watches the last few moments of the hour pass on the clock. When the clock is over, Mike arises back in Room 1408 - back in normal. The clock has reset and has begun ticking back down from 60 minutes. We see Mike sitting at a chair answering a ringing phone. He picks it up and asks "Why don't you just kill me? We then hear the same annoying and rude woman hotel operator from before "because all our guests enjoy free will sir! She tells him "You can either repeat this hour over and over forever or you can take advantage of our express checkout! Mike then looks over to see a noose dangling above the bed. Mike sees himself disappears in a mirror and then he sees the two graves, his daughter's grave and Mike's grave to be burried. Then in a mirror, Mike sees himself hanging through the mirror's image. This doesn't freak him out much. Mike goes back to the desk and picks up a receiver. The operator says, "Are you ready to checkout?" His answer is no and he hangs up the phone. The telephone rings and he answer it. The operator says, "Your wife will be here soon and I will be sure to send her right up. Just remember there is no escape! Mike tells the operator that the room will not have her. He then says that if he is going down then he is going to be sure that Room 1408 joins him. Mike picks up the bottle of Bourbon from before which is now full again and puts a string into it. He lights the string turning it into a Molotov cocktail and then throws it at the wall. The room begins to erupt in flames. Some ways away we see Mikes wife Lilly in a cab near The Dolphin. She asks what is going on at the hotel as something is clearly awry. She jumps out of the cab and runs to the hotel and sees the fire. Guests are storming out of the hotel and into the streets. Lilly runs up to the fireman and begs them to help her husband. Meanwhile we see Mike back in 1408 smiling and laughing knowing he has beat the room even if this means his death. He crawls under a table as the room is engulfed in flames around him. Mike thinks this is it, but then the fireman breaks through the door and pulls him out. Outside the room in the hallway Mike tells them not to go in there because its cursed. They just ignore him figuring he is delirious from the trauma. As the fireman drag him out we see Gerald back in his office saying "Well done Mr. Enslin.". Later Mike awakens again in a hospital to find Lilly again at his side. Mike explains to her what happened and how he knows that all he has written about all these years and dismissed is actually real. His wife seems skeptical and believes Mike may be delusional from the experience of all that happened. Eventually we see Mike and Lilly back together in their home. Mike is going through his old things in boxes. Lilly finds Mike's stuff he brought back with him from the Dolphin Hotel. Lilly says they should just throw it out since it stinks and it brings back bad memories". Mike grabs them and says no telling her that "bad memories are not to be forgotten, they are meant to be lived with". Lilly now realizes Mike is ready to move beyond his daughters death, though she is still doubtful of the 1408 haunting. In the things, Mike finds the recorder he had with him in 1408 that he occasionally used to comment on the events in the room. Mike realizes he had the recorder on longer than he thought. He fast forwards to the end of the tape. Mike hears the part where is talking to his daughter as Lilly listens too. Suddenly they both hear Katie on the tape. Mike and Lilly are both bewildered as they realize 1408 is very real. **************************************************************************************************************** Alternative (Original) ending Director Mikael Hfstrm has stated that the ending for 1408 was re-shot because test audiences felt that the original ending was too much of a "downer". The original ending, available on the two-disc collector's edition, sees the back draft engulfing the room as Enslin hides under the table, happy to see the room destroyed as he dies. During Enslin's funeral, Olin approaches Lily and Enslin's agent where he unsuccessfully attempts to give her a box of Enslin's possessions including the tape rresecorder. Before being cut-off Olin claims that the room was successfully destroyed and that it will no longer harm anyone ever again, hence why he claims "Enslin did not die in vain". Going back to his car, Olin listens to the recording in his car, becoming visibly upset when he hears Katie's voice on the tape. He looks in the car mirror and imagines seeing a glimpse of Enslin's burnt corpse in the backseat. Having heard and seen enough, Olin places the tape recorder back in the box and drives off. The film ends at the gutted room, with an apparition of Enslin looking out the window and smoking a cigarette. He hears his daughter calling his name, and disappears as he walks towards the room's door. A sound of a door closing is heard and the screen blacks out. 
 Deep Impact (1998)651) A comet is discovered to be on a collision course with Earth. As doomsday nears, the human race prepares for the worst. Journalist Jenny Lerner is assigned to look into the background of Secretary Alan Rittenhouse who abruptly resigned from government citing his wife's ill health. She learns from his secretary that Rittenhouse was having an affair with someone named Ellie but when she confronts him, his strange reaction leads her to reconsider her story. In fact, a comet, discovered the previous year by high school student Leo Biederman and astronomer Dr. Marcus Wolf, is on a collision course with the Earth, an Extinction Level Event. A joint US-Russian team is sent to destroy the comet but should it fail, special measures are to be put in place to secure the future of mankind. As the space mission progresses, many individuals deal with their fears and ponder their future. garykmcd As the unstoppable, eleven-kilometre-wide Wolf-Beiderman comet is on a collision course with the Earth, the U.S. government prepares for the worst. Now, our fates rest in the hands of the grizzled astronaut, Captain Spurgeon "Fish" Tanner, and a joint team of American and Russian cosmonauts, who are entrusted with a mission a priori impossible. But, when all faith is lost, can Tanner's brave, self-sacrificing crew prevent the imminent Armageddon and the extinction of humankind? Nick Riganas A teenage astronomer and his teacher discover an object amongst the stars at night. Little do they know that it's a comet on a direct collision course for earth. After the teacher dies in a car crash trying to report his findings the President announces the comet's existence. He also states that there is no need to panic, because NASA is going to send astronauts on the space mission, Messiah. Their mission is to destroy the comet before it gets too close to the earth. When Messiah backfires, the President announces that special caves will have to be built, and the government will have to have a lottery-of-fate to randomly select 800,000 ordinary American citizens to go along with 200,000 scientists, soldiers, and other officials. These 1,000,000 people will be set aside to save the population from extinction when the comet hits. Nathanael Wassmann <Nathan5560@aol.com> A young man who's part of his school's astronomy club sees something in the sky that is not known. So they take a picture of it and send it to their adviser who, upon seeing it, jumps into his car and crashes. A year later a reporter who's investigating why a member of the President's cabinet resigns when she goes to speak to him he says he wants to be with his family. Later she's brought before the President who asks her to keep what she knows under wraps for now. She convinces him to call a Press Conference so that he can tell everyone what's going on. Later at a Press Conference, the President announces that a year ago that two astronomers discovered something; a comet. And eventually that it's course will take it to earth but the problem is that the comet is so big that if it strikes it will cause what is known as an Extinction Level Event which will wipe out all life on the planet. And he announces that for sometime the government along with a few others have been building a vessel that will sent to intercept the comet. The reporter then asks the President if the reason why his Cabinet member resigned is because he doesn't believe the plan will work. The President assures them that they have thought it out carefully. In the meantime the young man who found the comet is being hailed as a hero. And the crew who's going to stop the comet makes their farewells to their families. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Deep Impact opens to a starry night sky in Richmond, Virginia. The camera slowly pans down where stargazers and amateur astronomers are gathered with telescopes. Among these are students and faculty of the Lee High School Astronomy Club. Two students at this club are Leo Beiderman (Elijah Wood) and his girlfriend, Sarah Hotchner (Leelee Sobieski). As they look through their telescopes at the stars, Leo innocently asks Sarah about another male student who invited her to a student party. Leo and Sarah's teacher, Mr. Perry (Mike O'Malley) comes up and quizzes them about some of the brighter stars. Leo correctly identifies the stars Mizar and Alcor, but cannot name a somewhat smaller, dimmer star a bit south of the other two, although he is sure that it is not the star Megrez, as Sarah claims. Mr. Perry, thinking it might be a satellite, suggests they take a photograph and send it to Dr. Wolf, a professional astronomer who sponsors the Lee High School Astronomy club. As Perry walks away, Leo and Sarah get into a brief, teasing argument about whether the unidentified star is Megrez. Dr. Marcus Wolf (Charles Martin Smith, uncredited) arrives for work at the Adrian Peak observatory in Tuscon, Arizona. Seating himself at his work station, he finds the packet sent him by Leo, containing a photograph of the unknown star near Mizar and Alcor, and a cover letter asking him to identify it. Punching the stellar coordinates into his computer, he sees it is an uncharted object. His observatory's telescopes zooming in on it, he sees it is in fact a comet. Curious about it, he directs his computer to analyze the comet's position and calculate its trajectory. As the numbers begin to scroll through the screen, Dr. Wolf's curious expression fades into a look of severe worry and concern. An orbital interpolation graphic on his monitor overlays the comet's projected path on a small display of the solar system-- and a large dot quickly appears on the third elliptical line around the sun's icon; the comet is projected to strike Earth. Seizing a floppy disk, Wolf saves all the data to it while instructing his computer to open a UNIX mail server to send the information out in email. After over a minute, however, he only gets two responses that the server is down. Exasperated and in a desperate hurry, Dr. Wolf grabs the floppy and stuffs it, along with the packet received from Leo, into a padded manila envelops. He writes his own surname and Leo's surname (Wolf-Beiderman) on the floppy drive and rushes out of the observatory to his jeep. As he races down the road, he struggles desperately to place a call on his cell phone to the Department of Planetary Sciences. Cell phone technology of the year (1998) being crude and limited, it takes him several long, harrowing minutes just to reach the automated answering system. Meanwhile, an 18-wheel big-rig truck is coming down the road. The driver, smoking a cigarette and listening to country music, is badly sleep-deprived; drinking a high-sugar soft drink to keep himself awake. As Dr. Wolf, pre-occupied with trying to finish placing his call and reaching a live person, focuses more on his phone than on the road, the driver's cigarette slips from his mouth, hitting his lap. The pain causes him to involuntarily look down while he bats at his lap and the ash from his cigarette. Both Dr. Wolf and the truck driver finally look up, alerted to the shine of each others' headlights, and see they're about to collide. Both desperately try to swerve, but the truck's trailer lags behind in the swerve and Dr. Wolf's jeep slams into it, and he's knocked off of the road and down an incline. The envelope flies off of the seat beside Dr. Wolf and out the window of his jeep as it tumbles down the incline and explodes, killing him instantly. Washington, D.C., one year later. MSNBC computers are transmitting a news report. In a conference room, a small team of news reporters led by Stuart Caley (Bruce Weitz) are discussing the resignation of U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, Alan Rittenhouse (James Cromwell). Rittenhouse is reportedly resigning because his wife is sick, although Caley's team doesn't buy it, going over a number of unpopular decisions recently made by Rittenhouse which has earned him more than enough enemies to force him out of his seat. The team jokes that with all the trouble Rittenhouse has recently gotten into, it's small wonder his wife is sick. Reporter Jenny Lerner (Ta Leoni) demurs, saying Mrs. Rittenhouse is an alcoholic. She claims to have found out from a connection in the U.S. Treasury named Mike Woodward. As the news team starts discussing an idea on the price paid by wives of governmental figures, Jenny is asked about her connection to Woodward by Beth Stanley (Laura Innes), the news team's White House correspondent and Jenny's direct supervisor on the ladder. Jenny explains that Woodward has a crush on her, and she took advantage of it to get information on Alan Rittenhouse. At that point, Jenny quickly asks Beth about the possibility of stepping into a recently-vacated anchor position in their late-night weekend news broadcast, but Beth quickly rules Jenny out as a replacement anchor. As the conference adjourns, Jenny tries to press Beth on it, and Beth (a bit impatiently) explains why she feels Jenny needs more time to build herself up before being a weekend news anchor. She asks Jenny to find out more on the Rittenhouse resignation and have any updates on her desk by the next day. Jenny meets her mother, Robin Lerner (Vanessa Redgrave) for drinks and lunch. Robin is preoccupied with the courtship of her now ex-husband, Jason (Maximilian Schell) to a younger woman named Chloe (Rya Kihlstedt)-- in fact, the age difference is such that Chloe is only two years older than Jenny, despite now legally being her stepmother. Jason and Chloe have very young twin children together and have just married that morning, and Robin prattles on about it. Carrying on with her assignment, Jenny meets with Patricia Ruiz (Concetta Tomei), longtime former assistant and secretary for Rittenhouse. Ruiz is somewhat bitter because she was completely dismissed from her position without being conveyed to Rittenhouse's successor, because she followed him from his former position as Connecticut governor, not hired from within the federal pool. Ruiz confirms that Rittenhouse cheated on his wife, and she suspects he resigned because he was about to be found out. Ruiz, therefore, partially blames Rittenhouse for her now being out of a job. She says that Rittenhouse had had a special, secondary private telephone line installed in his office that only he was authorized to answer. But, Ruiz says, one day she overheard a name; a woman's first name she suspects as being one of Rittenhouse's lovers: "Ellie". Ruiz also mentions she overheard Rittenhouse speaking about this Ellie in a conversation with the U.S. President himself. Jenny arrives with an MSNBC news van to speak directly to Rittenhouse. They find him on a small boat with his young adolescent daughter, who is cold and suspicious of the news crew. Rittenhouse curtly tries to stick to his story about his wife being ill, until Jenny drops the name "Ellie". Rittenhouse says he will only speak to Jenny if her cameraman turns his camera off. Once this is done, Jenny reveals what she's found out; more than enough to disprove the claimed reason behind Rittenhouse's resignation. Rittenhouse insists she knows far less than she thinks she does, and tries to appeal to Jenny's humanity, asking if she can understand that he wants to be with his family more. Driving down the Whitehurst Freeway by herself now, Jenny speaks into her private voice recorder, making a personal log in which she hypothesizes that the President, not Rittenhouse, was having a love affair with this Ellie, and Rittenhouse took the rap for him to protect the President's own reputation and credibility, and was given significant financial compensation. Suddenly a black car hits hers from behind, not hard enough to overturn her car but hard enough to jostle her and make her take immediate notice. Three other cars appear in formation, moving to surround Jenny's car. The car behind her bumps hers a second time. Scared out of her wits, Jenny realizes these men are intent on forcing her to take the nearest exit off the highway and shouts to the car on her left that she will comply. The exit's re-merge into another highway is barricaded with a setup of road pylons. Jenny brings her car to a stop and the car in front of hers moves to block her from any further motion. The men in one of the cars pull open Jenny's driver-side door and identify themselves as FBI, ordering her out of her vehicle and into their own. One of them gets into Jenny's car to drive it where they are taking her. The FBI agents bring Jenny into a kitchen (presumed to be the White House kitchen) where she is introduced to Morton Entrekin (O'Neal Compton), chief advisor to President Tom Beck (Morgan Freeman). When Jenny rebuffs Entrekin's mentioning that people knew about the Manhattan project (creation of the atom bomb) and kept it a secret, President Beck comes into the kitchen to speak personally to Jenny. Both Beck and Entrekin are clearly unenthused about Jenny's attitude, hinting that national security is at stake. When she drops Ellie's name, Beck asks her about it, although he pronounces it, "E.L.E." Beck confirms that his administration has spent more money than can be hidden, and the federal budget is slated to be published in two weeks. They ask her to sit the story until then, appealing to her sense of what is in the nation's best interest. Jenny knocks both points out of the water quickly, at which point Beck and Entrekin decide to strike a deal with her: Beck agrees to hold a press conference in two days, and offers Jenny a reserved second-row seat there, which he knows will be a major bump up from her current job. When she tries to press for more, Beck warns her sternly that she is already receiving a presidential favor -- something people like her can rarely even dream of -- and he can direct the Secret Service to imprison her indefinitely as a threat to national security. Jenny backs down quickly, politely asking for the first press question at the conference. Beck answers dismissively before ordering she be released. Back at her desk in the MSNBC news offices, Jenny goes on the internet to research. Understanding now that 'Ellie' is an acronym, ELE, she enters that into a search engine. Dissatisfied with the results, she thinks and then enters "E.L.E.". Puzzled at the result display of the University of Berkeley's paleontology department, she looks through the university's list of studies and notices a link to Extinction Studies. Reading through it, Jenny learns the grim truth: "ELE" stands for "Extinction Level Event"; the kind resulting from severe global-level catastrophe, such as the extinction of the dinosaurs... presumed to be the result of a massive comet or meteor strike on the Earth. Jenny is barely able to hide her monitor display when Beth stops by to invite her to dinner. Jenny politely declines as she is scheduled to meet her father and Chloe for drinks later. The meeting with Jason and Chloe goes badly. Chloe gives Jenny a pair of pearl earrings as a present, looking to break the ice with her and try to establish a cordial relationship. However, Jenny is every bit as bitter as Robin about Jason's leaving Robin for a younger, more beautiful woman... and Jenny proves to be more vocal about it as well. ELE weighs very heavily on Jenny's mind as well, though she doesn't bring it up, further baffling Jason and Chloe at Jenny's coldness. The day of the press conference arrives. Beth is attending, as MSNBC's White House correspondent, and is surprised to find Jenny there-- even more so when Entrekin (with whom Beth is acquainted) comes to escort Jenny to her reserved seat. Entrekin tells Jenny she will get the first question, while Beth looks on astonished and hurt. President Beck takes the podium to make the announcement of the comet. The comet was discovered one year ago by two astronomers, Marcus Wolf and Leo Beiderman. This comet is nearly as large as all of Manhattan Island-- large enough to endanger all of human existence. Beck downplays the comet somewhat, saying there is a "chance" of impact one year from then. He then reveals the whole Treasury fiasco was due to a secret joint project that the U.S. government had been undertaking with Russia for the past eight months. In orbit above the earth, a massive spacecraft is near completion, named the Messiah. This spacecraft is tasked with intercepting the comet and using nuclear warheads to try and shunt its orbit to avoid direct contact with Earth. Beck calls up a video conference to introduce the crew of the Messiah-- mission Commander Oren Monash (Ron Eldard), spacecraft pilot Andrea Baker (Mary McCormack), medical officer Gus Partenza (Jon Favreau), navigator Mark Simon (Blair Underwood), Russian nuclear physicist Col. Mikhail Tulchinsky (Aleksandr Baluev) who is serving as Messiah's engineer, and a NASA veteran, Captain Spurgeon 'Fish' Tanner (Robert Duvall), who will land the spacecraft on the comet's surface so the warheads can be planted. Beck gives the nation a stern warning that he is freezing all wages and prices, and will fiercely combat all attempts at material hoarding and profiteering. Work and paying of bills will continue as normal with as few disruptions to the world's way of life as possible. Opening up the floor for questions, Beck calls on Jenny for the first question as he agreed to do. Jenny's MSNBC crew, in a frenzy over preparing their coverage of the conference, are stunned to see her at the conference. Jenny presses her privilege, asking three questions before finally sitting. Her third question shows everyone that she was on to the whole story before anyone else: she directly questions Beck on Rittenhouse's resignation, asking whether the true reasons for his stepping down was because he believed that the comet could not be stopped, and he wanted to spend time with his family because he believes they didn't have much time left to live. Beck defensively answers that Rittenhouse served the country with devotion and resigned for personal reasons after a distinguished career. As far as Rittenhouse's concerns regarding the comet, Beck points out that over the next year, everyone on Earth will eventually have to come face to face with their worst fears. As much as he'd been downplaying it in the conference, Beck finally acknowledges that all of human survival is at stake. But, he insists, life will go on, and he is determined that humanity prevail even over this potential catastrophe. When questioned by another reporter about the comet being named Wolf-Beiderman, Beck begins to explain that the two astronomers were killed in Arizona a year ago while racing to alert the government about the comet. As Beck explains this story, the Beiderman family is at home watching the conference, shocked at what they are hearing-- Leo is very much alive and well, at home watching with his family. The door rings and Leo finds Sarah there with her parents, and the whole neighborhood is beginning to converge on the Beiderman home, seeing that Leo is still quite with them all. Newsweek publishes a story about Leo and the events regarding his supposed death. Leo speaks to his school and the students' families regarding his notifying Dr. Wolf about the comet, and he realizes that he was most likely presumed to have perished along with Wolf because Wolf shared credit with Leo about the comet's discovery. Leo quickly gains near celebrity status over having first discovered the comet. The Messiah crew and their families are attending a small garden party which gives us a look into their day to day lives. Baker and Commander Monash are both married; Baker and her husband have a young daughter while Monash's wife is pregnant with their first child. Simon is engaged and looking forward to his wedding, but less than enthused about his fiance's affinity for attending church. Capt. Tanner is widowed with twin sons grown to young adulthood and attending Naval Academy where Tanner himself graduated from. Tanner is also friends with Otis 'Mitch' Hefter (Kurtwood Smith), a senior NASA official who will serve as mission control director at a facility in Houston. Tanner and Hefter talk about the rest of the Messiah crew, about whom Tanner has concerns regarding their training being done in simulators, and they have little actual space flight experience. Partenza talks with a young boy and explains the hazards of the mission: the comet's rotational period means the Messiah crew only has a seven hour window before the sun will 'rise' on the section they will be working on, and during the time that the sun is shining on that segment, there will be dangerous and volatile gas eruptions from the comet's interior. The Messiah crew needs to work quickly to avoid this hazard. Later that evening, the crew members are relaxing and drinking at a bar, though Tanner sits separately from the others. He overhears them talking about him. The other crew members respect Tanner's reputation, but they downplay Tanner's having been the last astronaut to walk on the moon, and believe that he is only on the mission more as a public relations move by Washington, because he is a familiar face. Tanner finally goes over to their table and says he knows that the other crew members don't want him with them, but he insists they will need his experience-- all of their simulator training will be like a video game compared to the actual mission. He is the only one with actual experience landing a spacecraft on an actual landing surface. Two months later, the Messiah crew is ferried by the space shuttle Atlantis to dock with the orbital station on which the Messiah was constructed. A news crew explains the Messiah's construction, and that it is powered by a prototype nuclear propulsion system code-named Orion, that was originally developed by Russian engineers for nuclear warfare. This propulsion system will allow the Messiah's crew to reach the comet well in advance of its arriving close to Earth. Five months after the Messiah's departure, Caley's MSNBC news crew is meeting for another conference, discussing their ongoing coverage of the Messiah's mission. Everyone is asked about their role and latest contributions. Caley announces (to Beth's shock) that Jenny has been given a news anchor position for the coverage program. Being known as the one who broke the story on the comet, Jenny has likewise gained a great deal of national status, raising a large envious streak in Beth. The Messiah crew begins its approach to the comet, and they are in awe of its true size. They are making preparations to detach the main spacecraft from its propulsion system and fly down to the comet's surface to plant their nuclear warheads. Monash, Simon, Partenza, and Tulchinsky suit up for the planting of the warheads while Baker and Tanner are at the helm for the landing. Tanner gives an analogy of Mississippi River boat pilots, to explain that this part of the mission is in his hands and he will deliver the Messiah safely to the comet's surface. Baker smiles respectfully as she listens to Tanner's analogy. Jenny begins her news program's coverage of the event. She tells everyone watching that interference from rock, gravel and gas from the comet will eventually cause them to lose video transmission with the Messiah. As she speaks, the picture is lost and Jenny assures everyone that the station coverage will continue and they will stay on air during the next hour in which the mission is being undertaken. The Beiderman and Hotchner families are shown watching the program together; Sarah's mother, Vicky Hotchner (Denise Crosby) is pregnant with her second child, and Leo and Sarah are growing closer. As Baker and Tanner maneuver the Messiah for landing, they must fly through a veritable minefield of rocks caught in the comet's tail. Some of them are very large. Despite their best efforts, a few rocks hit the ship and some minor damage is sustained. They nonetheless manage to bring the Messiah safely down, fire tether pitons and land intact on the comet's surface. As they open the cargo bay doors so the surface crew can begin drilling into the comet to plant the warheads, Baker and Tanner start a computerized countdown. They have just under six and a half hours before 'sunrise' on their part of the comet. Jenny begins an explanation of the next procedure of the Messiah mission: mechanical moles will be used to drill 100 meters into the comet, each one carrying a 5000 kiloton nuclear warhead. The Messiah is carrying eight of them in total. Almost immediately the mission begins going awry. The moles prove to be unable to drill as deeply into the comet's surface, as quickly as is required. They are at just over an hour and a half before sunrise. Baker and Tanner, waiting anxiously in the spacecraft, know it is taking too long. In the MSNBC news office, Jenny is interviewing a NASA scientist, who explains that soon as the sun rises on the portion of the comet that the Messiah is on, the surface temperature will rise 350 degrees in minutes, creating enough pressure to expel jets of superheated gas up through the surface. This will make the mission akin to working in a minefield. On the comet surface, one of the moles gets stuck at 75 meters. The crew knows this is not deep enough; the warhead will just break pieces off the comet's surface. Commander Monash decides to descend into the shaft dug by the stuck mole to try and free it up, despite warnings from the other crew about the time pressure. Baker tells Tanner that in another six minutes, they won't be able to get back to the spacecraft for liftoff before sunrise. Tanner orders the tethers be detached; he's taking the craft up to bring them closer to the mole crew for extraction, over Baker's desperate protests that such a maneuver may exhaust too much of the spacecraft landing module's fuel supply to get safely off the comet's surface. Tanner tells Baker to calculate exactly how much fuel will be needed to get off the surface; they will stop thrusters when they hit it. The mole crew is racing against time; one mole is at the proper depth but Oren is still struggling to reach the stuck one. The shaft went into a natural cave-like fissure in the comet's interior and the mole got stuck against the side. The mole crew works feverishly but unsuccessfully to free the mole. The landing module reaches the limit on spare fuel and Baker has to speak sharply before Tanner finally complies with her insistence to shut down the module's thrusters and land again. The stuck mole finally begins drilling again and Commander Monash desperately climbs his tether cable so the crew can get back to the Messiah. The horizon is a mere minute away from sunrise and counting. Outgasses are beginning to explode up through the comet surface. The horizon is bridged. Tulchinsky shouts urgently for the surface crew to lower their visors' solar shields. The crew is out of time and has to race back to the Messiah before they are caught in outgassing vents. Just as Monash clears the surface, a gas jet shoots him upward before he can lower his visor's shield. The full brilliance of the sun shines through his visor into his unprotected eyes. The rest of the crew reels him in by the tether cable and races desperately toward the Messiah landing module. Mere feet from safety, an outgas jet erupts full force directly under Partenza, shooting him up off the comet's surface. Despite frantic attempts by both the mole crew, and Baker and Tanner, Partenza is blown out into open space and lost. The rest of the crew barely manages to reach the landing module; Tanner has to order Baker to lift off with the cargo doors open and close them as they go. Damage to the Messiah limits full video feed transmission back to Earth. Tanner relays the grim news that Partenza is lost and Monash is injured (his wife, Mariette, is seen crying as she hears the news). Tulchinsky vehemently argues to go after Partenza. Tanner barely succeeds in persuading him that Partenza is lost, and all of them will die and the Messiah destroyed if they try to locate and retrieve him. A rescue mission would also doom the entire population of Earth. Continuing news coverage at the MSNBC studio, Jenny gives a summary of Partenza's career in NASA in tribute to his sacrifice for the mission. Relaying updates as she gets them, she informs the people that Captain Tanner is now in command of the Messiah. It has docked with the Orion booster propulsion unit and is preparing to detonate the nuclear warheads. She cautions everyone that the blast effect will again nullify whatever video transmission the Messiah is able to send back to Earth. Col. Tulchinsky coordinates the arming of the nuclear warheads. Tanner prepares to activate Orion boosters soon as the countdown is complete. However, the Messiah is still caught in the nuclear shockwave and further damaged. All video and audio transmission is knocked out. President Back is seen in a White House office with Entrenkin, the cabinet, and a number of leading military Chiefs of Staff. A phone rings, and the member answering it looks at Beck grimly. President Beck goes on the air to deliver the news to the country. The warhead detonation only succeeded in breaking off a significantly large chunk of the comet-- 1.5 miles wide-- large enough to cause catastrophic damage to the planet in its own right. Both this chunk and larger, six-mile main piece of the comet are still heading straight toward Earth. Houston Mission Control cannot communicate further with the Messiah although they are able to continue tracking it via radar. Its condition and the status of the crew are unknown. Beck announces contingency plans that were in place from the moment of the comet's discovery. The United States and Russia will prepare their entire joint arsenals of Titan-Class nuclear missiles to launch into space as soon as the two comet chunks, now separately named Wolf (the larger, main body of the comet) and Beiderman (the smaller chunk broken loose by the warheads) are close enough for military computers to target them, in hopes that the comet pieces can still be shunted off their current course. The U.S. has also been excavating shelter caverns in the limestone cliffs of Missouri to use as a form of Noah's Ark. This shelter will be able to contain one million people, and enough animal and plant life to repopulate the Earth after all the dust settles. The shelter will contain all living essentials, food, water, and collections of human music, art, literature, and other physical creations of its culture, to rebuild the planet. 200,000 people have been pre-selected-- leaders, doctors, scientists, engineers, teachers, soldiers and artists-- for participation in the Ark. In one month, a national lottery of 800,000 additional people will be chosen. During these final preparations, Beck is declaring martial law. The US military will work in tandem with all state and city law enforcement. Extremely strict midnight curfews are going into effect, and minimal road travel will be permitted in the evening hours after local sunsets. Crimes against people and property will be dealt with far more harshly than is the usual national norm. Other countries are preparing similar shelters in whatever manner they can. News networks all around the country are being faxed detailed instructions on how the lottery procedure will work. Showing his human side now, Beck closes his segment with a prayer for human survival. Jenny's MSNBC news program goes back on the air to explain the lottery procedure. The lottery drawing will be on August 10th, picking 800,000 people by their social security numbers. The general lottery will exclude all men and women over the age of 50. Only the body of 200,000 pre-selected individuals, including people needed for the rebuilding of society due to expertise in particular fields of study, will have any persons over 50 years old. As Jenny speaks, her parents are shown watching the news broadcast; they know this means they will both be excluded from the lottery drawing. Jenny's report continues to explain that civil defense teams are in place in all towns and cities with populations over 5,000, to organize and prepare underground shelters and instruct people on how to grow food and purify water and properly stock these shelters in whatever manner can be done. For the Noah's Ark shelter in Missouri, the 200,000 pre-selected individuals will be notified as her report is going on. After the lottery on August tenth, all unofficial travel will be blocked, all roads closed until the evacuation of all one million people by military personnel to the Ark site two days later. As Jenny continues her report, the Beiderman and Hotchner families are watching together at the Beiderman home in Richmond. Their phone rings. Ellen Beiderman, Leo's mother, takes the call. The Beiderman family has been pre-selected. Sarah's father, Chuck, abruptly gets up, saying he needs to go back to the house in case his phone rings. However, it is clear that an instant rift has formed between the Hotchner and Beiderman families. On board the Messiah, the crew is discussing their state. Repairs to the long-range communications will be hazardous due to hull damage in the areas of the spacecraft where they are located. There is limited life-support function left. The Messiah will need to get close to Earth again to re-establish contact. The Orion propulsion module is still intact, but using it in order to get back to Earth sufficiently in advance of the comets will be risky because of damage to the spacecraft command module's radiation shields. As the crew ponders, Commander Monash, in sickbay with his eyes bandaged, says he feels they should try it. Tanner orders the Orion boosters engaged and the Messiah begins to race home. Jenny is taking a walk through a park in Washington with her mother. It is just over one month before impact. Robin has reconciled herself to her impending fate. She's donated all of her antiques to the Ark, and takes comfort in her contribution to the preservation of human arts. Jenny, however, is feeling guilty. She's been pre-selected because of her national status as a now well-respected news anchor, but she can do nothing for Robin. However, Robin says she's at peace with herself and is happy knowing that Jenny will live. Leo goes to the Hotchner house, where Chuck is chaining up a motorbike he'd bought and is now quizzical over, knowing he will have no use for it. Vicky is on the porch watching a portable TV, where Jenny is delivering news coverage. As impact looms ever closer, society is teetering ever more precariously on the brink of total anarchy. A rental operator attempted to over-gouge prices on vital tools at absurdly outlandish rates, and was killed by an angry mob. Property and stores are being looted at increasing rates by both individuals and organized gangs. Many shop and store owners have completely abandoned these stores to the looters. Law enforcement attempts to curb and rein in this free-for-all looting and hoarding, are unable to keep up with the increasing volume. As Leo helps Chuck bar up and board up his home, he starts to ask Vicky about Sarah. Anticipating Leo's question, Vicky says that Sarah is up on a nearby hill by herself. Chuck has excused her from attending school any further. Leo goes to Sarah with good news. He's talked to local civil defense liaisons, who have said that if Sarah marries Leo, she will be eligible for participation in the Ark evacuation. Sarah takes this news tentatively, saying she only wants to go if her parents can be included. Leo says his influence and fame come into play at this point; he's talked to appropriate liaisons, who have ensured that the whole Hotchner family will be included in the Ark population. As days continue to pass, Jenny continues to report on how law enforcement and fire fighters have abandoned all attempts to rein in looting of businesses in order to finish preparing and stocking both the Ark and all local shelter units. Robin is seen applying makeup and donning a formal dress and jewelry, making herself stately and beautiful. Leo and Sarah are married by a civil justice as their parents look on. Vicky has delivered her baby; Sarah now has a baby sister. President Beck is seen at his desk in the Oval Office, deep in contemplation. Robin sits down in a comfortable armchair and lets her head tilt back, as if letting herself drift off to sleep. The Messiah crew is asleep in their bunks, except for Commander Monash, who is still laying in the infirmary. He is stable, but permanently blind from his injury. Captain Tanner goes there to keep him company and talk. He explains his nickname of Fish-- his given name, Spurgeon, rhymes with sturgeon, and was coined on his very first day at Naval Academy. As he and Monash bond, Tanner begins to read the novel Moby Dick to him, much to Monash's amusement. August 12th arrives. All individuals and families selected both by pre-selection and the lottery are on street corners to be picked up by military buses to be transported to the Ark. The Beiderman and Hotchner families wait side by side with minimal belongings packed. As Leo shows his identification and marriage license to the bus official, everyone prepares to board. But to Leo's horror, the FCDA officials he talked to, have left Chuck and Vicky Hotchner and the baby off the boarding list. The bus official's orders from his superiors are not to admit anyone on the bus who isn't on the boarding list. He cannot let Chuck or Vicky on. Sarah, breaking into tears, refuses to leave her parents despite her father's attempts to push her on with Leo. The bus crew has no time to sit and argue, they force Leo, his parents and young sister on board the bus and take off. Even though she refused to leave without her parents, Sarah cannot help but run a short distance after it, crying to Leo. Jenny is in the MSNBC offices when a phone call arrives for her. As soon as she is asked if she is the daughter of Robin Lerner, she, and everyone who overheard her repeat the question asked of her, all turn grim. Robin has died, and Jenny is being asked to positively identify the body and collect the jewelry Robin was wearing when she was found. Robin's cause of death is not stated but it is safely presumed she took her own life so her final moments and death would be peaceful and painless. After identifying Robin's body and collecting the jewelry, Jenny sits on a street bench. It is nighttime, and rain pours heavily down from the sky. Jason, who had also been notified, happens to pull alongside Jenny in his car. Jason urges Jenny to get in and he'll drive her home; Jenny is wearing no protective rain clothing. Caring nothing about herself right now, Jenny laces into her father, taking out all her long pent-up frustration at Jason having left Robin in the first place, out on him. She gloats when Jason mentions that Chloe, frightened for her own life, has ran home to her mother, abandoning Jason. Jenny cruelly tells her father that she feels like an orphan before hailing a cab and riding off. The Beiderman family arrives at the Ark cave. As everyone on the bus debarks and starts to be ushered into the cave facilities, Leo suddenly stops. His parents turn around and Leo grimly announces he is going back for Sarah. He is determined in this over his mother's frantic protests. Don pulls off his watch and rings so Leo will have something to trade. They tearfully hug him before he sets off in pursuit of Sarah. Jason goes to see Jenny at the MSNBC offices. He tells her he's leaving Washington, but he has something for her; proof she isn't an orphan. He's brought several photographs taken at the family beach side house when Jenny was a child. Jason is holding her on his shoulders. Robin isn't in the photographs because she took the photos with her camera. Jason remarks that it was one of the happiest days he can remember that they spent as a family. Jenny seems nostalgic about the pictures but protests she was only 5 years old when the photos were taken, so she couldn't be expected to remember the day in question. Jason gives Jenny the photos to keep and says goodbye. Leo has gotten himself a ride with a number of individuals in the loft of a private truck heading back to Virginia Beach. They are listening to a radio broadcast; the Titan missile strike has just been launched at the two comets, that are now 14 hours away from impact. Jenny goes on the air for a news report to cover the missile strike. The comet will interfere with visual tracking, so once again the country must sit and wait until military radar can see if the comets have been pushed sufficiently off course to miss direct impact. At the Oval Office, President Beck delivers the news. For the first time, Beck is wearing only a pullover shirt and sweater; no dress shirt; tie, or suitcoat. The missiles have failed to deflect the comets off course. Earth has exhausted all options to prevent direct impact, and massive casualties are now inevitable. Beck delivers the dire statistics forecast for the impact: Beiderman, the smaller fragment of the comet, will impact at 4:37 Eastern Daylight Time, striking in the Atlantic Ocean a short distance off of Cape Hatteras. A massive tsunami will be formed, racing toward the US Eastern Seaboard faster than the speed of sound. As it approaches the shallower waters off the coastline, it will slow somewhat, but wave height will build up to several thousand feet. All settlements on the east coast, including the cities of New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Savannah, Charleston, Charlotte, Washington, Atlanta and Miami, will be wiped out. Beck tells everyone in these cities that have any means of hurrying westward to leave immediately. The main body of the comet, Wolf, will strike land in Western Canada several hours later. This will be a full Extinction Level Event. Within two days after impact, dust and debris will fill the sky and create an effect similar to a 'nuclear winter' that will make the skies dark for two years. Without sunlight reaching Earth's surface, all plant life will die, followed by all animal life. On board the Messiah, Captain Tanner has come up with one last option. He calls the crew together to explain his plan. They can do nothing about the Beiderman fragment, but he believes they can still stop the main Wolf comet and give Earth hope for survival. Outgassing has created a very large fissure vent in the comet's surface leading well into its interior. As the comet draws closer to Earth, the sun will melt ice and widen the hole further. The Messiah has four nuclear warheads remaining. If they can get these warheads into that vent, the comet should be blown into fragments far too small to wreak the kind of catastrophic damage that the intact comet would cause. The crew has to get close enough to Earth to reach Houston Mission Control and get the manual arming codes for the remaining warheads, in order to synchronize the bomb timers properly. Tulchinsky and Simon know that the Messiah is dangerously low on both life-support and remaining propellant fuel. It is not likely they can get into the cargo bay, or properly maneuver the Messiah for a second landing on the comet surface... much less get back off the surface once the warheads are planted. Fish's silence and grim expression, however, show that none of these are factors in his plan. It is a suicide mission; the Messiah making a kamikaze run into the comet's interior and detonating the warheads. All of the crew will perish. The crew is grim at this reality, but all quickly accept their pending fate. The Messiah finally gets close enough to Earth to raise Houston Mission Control on audio. Fish briefly fills Hefter in and tells him to get the arming codes for the remaining nuclear warheads. At the MSNBC news offices, final evacuations are underway. There are seven people left in Caley's news team... and the last helicopter only has room for seven. As one of these must be the pilot, one of the news crew must be left behind for the helicopter to drop the others off on high ground in West Virginia before transporting Jenny to the Ark. Without any proper alternative means of deciding who must be left behind, straws are drawn. Beth draws the short stick, and quietly picks up her preschool-aged daughter, hoping for the best on the roads. Leo has acquired a bicycle and arrives at the Hotchner house. The Hotchner family has evacuated, leaving their dog behind. Rushing to the garage, Leo manages to locate the key to unlock the motorbike. He takes it to search the highways to find Sarah. The panicked rush to get out of the city has brought traffic to a near standstill reaching for miles. The news crew is rushing to board the helicopter. Jenny pauses to grab something from her desk. As she hurries to rejoin the remaining crew, they pass by the nursery. Beth is sitting there with her daughter Caitlin. Beth has realized the likelihood of successfully getting out of danger was very low with the frantic rush. She has resigned herself to her fate and gone to the nursery, hoping to spend her last few minutes holding and playing with Caitlin, despite assuring Caitlin that they will be safe. Despite the frantic shouts of the other crew, Jenny simply stares at Beth for a long minute. Suddenly she grabs Caitlin out of Beth's arms and runs madly for the helicopter. Beth rushes in anguish after her. On the roof, Jenny thrusts Caitlin back into her mother's arms and announces that Beth is getting on the helicopter in Jenny's place. Nobody can dissuade her from this; she refuses to let Caitlin and Beth die. Everyone stares in amazement, knowing that Jenny is giving up her very life... but they have no time to debate the issue. Beth and Caitlin are ushered aboard the helicopter and it takes off, leaving Jenny behind. As she stands alone on the rooftop, Jenny gazes at what she took from her desk... it's the photos Jason gave her. Racing down the highway, Leo continues his search for Sarah. It is she and her parents who spot him first, calling out to him and honking. Chuck decides this time there will be no further arguing. He half carries, half-drags Sarah over to the motorbike, physically picking her up and putting her on the seat behind Leo. He puts a motorcycle helmet on Sarah's head as Vicky works feverishly to attach a baby harness to Sarah's chest and slip the baby into it. Chuck tells Leo to hurry off and save himself, Sarah and the baby, getting to high ground. This time he and Vicky turn a deaf ear to Sarah's anguished cries of protest. As Leo races off, Vicky bursts into tears and Chuck hugs her. Jenny, meanwhile, is shown pulling up to a beach side house... her family's house. She knows that Jason has gone here to spend his last moments before the tsunami strikes. She finds him on the beach, calmly staring out at the ocean. Saying that she lied to Jason about not remembering the day the photos were taken, Jenny finally makes peace and reconciles with her father. She hugs him and snuggles close, still frightened of her own impending death despite the decision she made to give her life up. Time has run out. The Beiderman comet fragment breaks Earth's atmosphere and rushes for impact. Everyone for miles can see it race out past the coastline before it plunges deep into the Atlantic Ocean. A titanic mushroom cloud roars upward and outward from the point of impact. The skies turn dark; birds tossed helplessly about in the air as the tsunami begins to race inexorably toward the eastern coast. At the Lerner beach house, Jenny gives a brief sob of fear before Jason pulls her head against his chest and closes his eyes. The tsunami strikes the coastline and begins its run of devastation. We're treated to the obligatory scenario of New York City being destroyed. In the streets, hundreds of people abandon their cars, grab their things, and try to flee, but are very quickly overtaken by the tsunami. The final shot shows the city immersed underwater save for the very tops of the World Trade Center; the broken-off head of the Statue of Liberty, surrounded by cars and dead bodies, bouncing like a dropped basketball down Wall Street. On the Virginia coast, people have abandoned their cars, racing about in all directions, screaming frantically in a mad rush for higher ground. A few simply stand outside their cars and wait to perish. Among them are Chuck and Vicky Hotchner, holding each other for a final moment of comfort as the tsunami approaches. Leo and Sarah are part of a small crowd that have gotten off the road, racing for higher ground among the hills. The Messiah has made final preparations for their interception of the Wolf Comet. The crew members have asked for their families to be brought to the Mission Control Center in Houston so they can say final goodbyes. Baker's husband and daughter, and Simon's fiance are on standby. Commander Monash's wife is still en route and hasn't arrived yet... and Fish's two sons were on active Naval duty and couldn't be reached. Accepting this, Fish gives a quiet prayer to his late wife, saying he's coming home to her at last. Baker and Simon say their final goodbyes tearfully. Transmission is just about to be terminated when officers come rushing to the control room with Mariette Monash in tow. She reaches the control room in the nick of time, holding her baby son, who she's named Oren in her husband's honor. Commander Monash, although still blind, can hear Mariette and Oren Jr. He gives them an emotional farewell as Col. Tulchinsky sets the warhead timers and Baker and Fish calculate trajectory for the final interception run. They say farewell to each other; Baker closing her eyes and Simon closing his as Captain Tanner flies the Messiah through the vent into the comet's interior. The warheads detonate, shattering the Wolf comet into millions of tiny fragments. Leo, Sarah, and Sarah's baby sister are among a group of several dozen people that have gotten to the top of the highest hill they could find, barely escaping the tsunami. They watch as the shattered fragments of Wolf create a firework-like light show in the sky. The story closes with President Beck delivering an impassioned speech to a huge crowd in Washington D.C. sometime later, after the waters of the Atlantic Ocean have receded and settled back into the ocean basin. Acknowledging the incalculable losses of lives in America, South America, Europe and Africa, President Beck tells his people that they must remember those who died for them, and carry on with their rebuilding of the human way of life. The camera pans out for the final shot showing the U.S. Capitol building under reconstruction as the people gathered there cheer. 