nm0006506:

 The Hunt for Red October (1990)761) In November 1984, the Soviet Union's best submarine captain, in a new undetectable sub, violates orders and heads for the U.S. The American CIA and military must quickly determine: Is he trying to defect, or to start a war? In November 1984, at the height of the Cold War, the Soviet Union creates a new nuclear submarine that runs silent due to a revolutionary propulsion system. The Russian submarine Captain, Marko Ramius (Sir Sean Connery), defects. His goal is taking it to the U.S. to prevent the Russians from using it to start nuclear war against the U.S. This movie tells the story of Captain Marko Ramius (Sir Sean Connery), the skipper of the Soviet Union's newest nuclear submarine, the "Red October". Jack Ryan (Alec Baldwin) of the C.I.A. gets involved in a tense, tangled hunt for this sub, when Ramius defects, taking the "Red October" with him. The story is an action packed techno-thriller. Greg Bole <bole@life.bio.sunysb.edu> Marko Ramius (Sir Sean Connery) is a senior Lithuanian submarine Captain, whose plans to defect are met with strong opposition by his own Soviet Navy, and American misconceptions of his intentions. C.I.A. analyst Jack Ryan (Alec Baldwin), the one man who sees the defection, must convince most of the U.S. Navy he is correct. The action climaxes with an amazing naval battle, but who will win The Hunt for Red October? Nick Formica A new, technologically-superior Soviet submarine, the Red October, is heading for the U.S. coast under the command of Captain Marko Ramius (Sir Sean Connery). The U.S. government thinks Ramius is planning to attack. C.I.A. analyst Jack Ryan (Alec Baldwin) has a different idea. He thinks Ramius is planning to defect, but he has only a few hours to find him and prove it, because the entire Russian Naval and Air commands are trying to find him, too. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> The "Red October" is a new Soviet submarine. When the Americans are given photographs of it, they are extremely curious as to why is it so special. C.I.A. analyst Jack Ryan (Alec Baldwin) consults with a friend, who deduces that it's equipped with a new engine that can make it run virtually silent, and with such a device, they can position themselves on the outskirts of any coastal city and launch their missiles and not give their target any warning. Captain Marko Ramius (Sir Sean Connery) kills their political officer after they open their orders, which basically has them conducting routine maneuvers, but he kills him and burns their orders and replaces them. He then tells the crew that they are going to test their new engine by positioning themselves off the coast of New York City and run missile drills. Ryan is then called by his boss, Admiral James Greer (James Earl Jones), to attend a briefing that concerns the Red October. It is at this briefing, that they discover that Ramius sent a letter to high ranking Soviet official, who after reading the letter, went to meet with the Soviet Premier, and it was shortly after that meeting that the Soviet Navy was deployed to find the Red October and sink it. Everyone assumes that Ramius has turned rogue, but Ryan, who once did research on Ramius, and assumes that he might be trying to defect. While everyone dismisses him, National Security Adviser Jeffrey Pelt (Richard Jordan) tells Ryan to go out there and find out for sure if he is right, because once Ramius is in position to fire his missiles, they have to take him out. Ryan reluctantly goes and is not used to field work, and is having a hard time coping with the sea. At the same time, someone in the Red October crew knows that Ramius has deviated from his assignment and is doing what he can to stop him. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In November of 1984, shortly before Gorbachev came to power, a Typhoon-class Soviet sub surfaced just south of the Grand banks. It then sank in deep water apparently suffering a radiation problem. Unconfirmed reports indicated some of the crew were rescued. But according to repeated statements by both Soviet and American governments, nothing of what you are about to see... ever happened The film opens with a pan of a hilly, snow-covered landscape surrounding a bay, which is observed by Marko Ramius- who we see close up on the eyes briefly. Polijarny Inlet, North of Soviet Sub Base, Near Murmansk Ramius and his colleague Vasili Borodin ( Sam Neill ) discuss the cold - and hard - morning before an accompanying tugboat sounds a horn. Borodin, using binoculars to scout, notifies Ramius that it is time. The submarine prepares to submerge. The film changes scenes to a room in a building (in London) and scans books and artifacts (as the opening credits roll) as Jack Ryan ( Alec Baldwin ) packs for a trip. His daughter, Sally, stands nearby - claiming that Stanley (her stuffed teddy bear) "keeps waking her up". Ryan promises Sally he will buy Stanley a "baby brother" before he and his wife leave for Heathrow airport. Upon arriving at Washington Dulles International Airport, Ryan is met by two CIA agents who escort him to the CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia. He meets with Admiral Greer ( James Earl Jones ) who he shows photographs from British Intelligence of the Red October a Typhoon-class submarine which is 12 meters longer than a standard Typhoon sub and three meters wider. He also reveals that he wrote a bio on Ramius during the previous year, who captained the lead submarine of each new class for the last ten years, has fairly good political connections and trained most of the Soviet attack boat skippers. Ramius is known as Vilnius Nstavnic (Vilnius Schoolmaster). Greer notices strange doors on the Red October, which both Ryan and the British do not know the purpose of. Ryan wishes to share the pictures with Skip Tyler ( Jeffrey Jones ), a sub driver who lost his leg to a drunk driver and is doing teaching at the Naval Academy and consulting with Navy laboratories at Top Secret clearance minimum. Greer calls his assistant and orders a car for Ryan within 10 minutes - revealing that the was caught by satellite in Polyarny Inlet. USS Dallas, Los Angeles Class Attack Sub, 100 Miles Northwest of Polyarny Inlet The sub passes overhead and the film a monitor sonar pingings showing on it, scanning around the room where Seaman Jones ( Courtney B. Vance ) (nicknamed "Jonesy") tutors a younger seaman on the Signal Algorithmic Processing Systems only to find a whale. Chief of the Boat Watson ( Larry Ferguson ) interjects and persuades Jones to talk about a story about Pavarotti. The story is interrupted by a new contact signal, which Jones reports to the Conn. Captain - Cmdr Bart Mancuso ( Scott Glenn ) acknowledges. The film switches to the interior of the Red October, where Borodin notifies Ramius that it is time to open the orders and that the Political Officer, Putin ( Peter Firth ) is in the captain's cabin. Ramius becomes suspicious and hands over Conn to Borodin and investigates to find Putin reading a book about the end of the world, which Putin objects to Ramius owning such a book. Ramius responds that it belonged to his wife and he keeps it for sentimental value. Putin suggests opening the orders. Ramius opens a vault (which requires two keys - which Ramius and Putin carry) and reveals an envelope. The orders are to rendezvous with the Alfa-class submarine Konovalov captained by Tupolev (who was a student of Ramius), where they will test the Caterpillar drive while Tupolev hunts him. They are to return to Polyarny following the test. Putin ambitiously requests permission to post the orders and inform the crew of the mission himself which Ramius reluctantly grants. As Putin turns to leave, Ramius slams him against the table and kills him, telling him that he cannot follow the captain's path. He spills tea on the floor next to Putin's body and calls the doctor to his cabin, while producing a concealed set of orders and burning the original orders. Graving Dock #4, U.S. Naval Shipyards, Patuxent, Maryland Ryan enters a large bay housing an attack submarine with cranes overhead. A worker nearby tosses him a hard hat before he finds Tyler directing work on a DSRV that is being mated with a generic docking collar that is to mate with any sub from any navy force. Ryan shows Tyler the pictures. Tyler quickly recognizes the doors as the caterpillar drive - a "magneto-hydrodynamic" propulsion system that renders the submarine silent by mimicking seismic anomalies. Tyler reminisces about the Cuban missile crisis and mentions that the sub can launch missiles at Washington and New York without anyone noticing. Dr. Yevgeniy Petrov ( Tim Curry ) checks on Captain Ramius as crew members carry Putin's body out of the captain's cabin, worried that Ramius is blaming himself for the "accident". Ramius calls a cook over to witness (along with Petrov) the captain removing the political officer's missile key and keeping it for himself. Petrov objects - suggesting that they report to Red Fleet Command (he also thinks Ramius should return to Polyarny to replace Putin - which Ramius objects saying missions are not canceled because of accidents), but Borodin, handing Ramius a set of orders, mentions that is impossible as orders are for strict radio silence. Ramius dismisses the cook and the doctor - who is unnerved and thinks he should carry the second key to prevent Ramius from arming the missiles on his own. Ramius promises Petrov that he will try to forget the doctor's comments when presenting his report. The cook looks on in suspicion. Jones and Mancuso investigate the new sonar contact, which is identified as a new Typhoon submarine. Mancuso calls "Typhoon 7" (They do not recognize that this is the Red October. The captain orders his XO, Lt Cmdr Thompson (nicknamed "Tommy") ( Anthony Peck ), to work Dallas in closer to the sub. Ramius announces the Red October's orders to the crew - and orders the caterpillar drive engaged and the propeller shut down. Announcing that they will "lay off [the U.S.'s] largest city" before sailing to Havana. The crew sings the Soviet national anthem as the caterpillar engages, resulting in the contact being lost from the Dallas sonar. Ramius orders a course toward 250 and the Sonar officer reports a contact with a Los Angeles submarine. Ramius asks the officer if the sub is attempting to follow to which the officer responds that the sub continues at course 310. Borodin worries about the singing being heard, but Ramius lets the crew enjoy the moment. Mancuso is shocked to find the Dallas lost the Red October and asks for diagnostics on the sonar. Jonesy confirmed that the sonar is working and nervously reports that he thought he heard singing. Red Fleet Political Directorate, Varposki Prospect, Moscow A man, Admiral Yuri Padorin ( Peter Zinner ), walks along a hallway and several Russian military officers stand up to acknowledge as he passes by. He ignores and frustratingly waves them off. His orderly greets him, takes his coat and hat, sets up the tea and notifies him that a letter is on his desk from Marko Ramius. The admiral happily opens the letter and picks up his tea, then slowly drops and spills his tea as he reads the letter. At the shipyard archive, a phone rings until Ryan answers it as Tyler looks on. A quick switch is made to a car dropping Ryan off at the White House where he greets Greer who tells Ryan that the project is no longer about research. Greer reveals he already knows what the doors on the Red October are when Ryan reports the intelligence to Ryan's amazement. He mentions that the captain of the sub (the Dallas) reported it disappearing right in front of them. They are heading to an official briefing of Jeffrey Pelt ( Richard Jordan ), the President's national security adviser, which Ryan is to give. Ryan stands in shock at the assignment, but Greer reassures him that he is the only one that knows the material. Ryan begins the briefing by describing the Red October and that additional Soviet subs and surface ships are preparing to sail at about the time of the Dallas' loss of contact with the Red October. He also talks about Ramius' history. He believed that the Red October is possibly a first strike weapon. Greer believes this may be an exercise but says there the data but a Joint Chief general objects thinking that this may be a move against NATO. Judge Moore reports sensitive information indicating that Ramius posted a letter to Padorin prior to sailing. Ryan recognizes Padorin as an uncle of Ramius' wife. Moore stated that after reading the letter (contents unknown), Padorin ordered the Soviet fleet to sink the Red October. Ryan realizes that Ramius might be trying to defect, but the Army general vehemently objects to this, saying that as an analyst Ryan has no idea what Ramius has in mind. Ryan asserts that because he knows Ramius as a legend and a maverick and that he actually met him. Greer holds him back as Pelt dismisses the Joint Chiefs but asks Ryan to remain. Pelt offers Ryan an opportunity to prove his theory correct and sends him off to make contact with Ramius and capture the Red October while disguising the operation as an inspection. Aboard the Konovalov, Tupolev awaits the arrival of the Red October. He finds a new set of orders and realizes what happened. He orders the crew to set course to intercept the Red October as quickly as possible. Jones listens to sonar recordings to find out what happens to the Red October Petrov is conversing with the Red October's chief engineer in the officer's mess. Ramius glares at him, then silently orders Borodin to escort the talkative doctor out of the room to fetch the latest batch of radiation tests. Borodin locks the door and the remaining officers sit down. Victor Slavin, the Red October's diving officer, requests information on what happened to Putin, but is ignored by Ramius and confronted about his tone. The officers discuss the risk of defecting and what impact on the crew when Ramius announces the letter he dispatched to Padorin announced their intention to defect. The officer's are shocked at this - objecting and realizing that Padorin will hunt down the Red October. Ramius dismisses the officers. Borodin expresses his disagreement about informing Moscow, but Ramius says that it is not Moscow he's worried about, but encountering an American "Buckaroo". Ryan is flying aboard an aircraft encountering severe turbulence that lands on an aircraft carrier while another crewman talks about what happened on a previous flight he had been on. USS Enterprise, The North Atlantic, East of Nova Scotia The aircraft touches down on the flight deck. Ryan follows the Enterprise Captain Charlie Davenport who is escorting him to the cabin of fleet commander R. Adm. Josh Painter ( Fred Thompson ) and lets him know that the "Gentleman" is here to see him. Ryan apologies for the uniform, explaining that it was Greer's idea of a low profile. Painter asks what all the "hubbub" is all about. Tommy and Jonesy propose an idea to Mancuso aboard the Dallas about something Jonesy heard after the Red October disappeared, what the computer called a "magma displacement". Jonesy plays the sound at ten times normal speed and mentions his belief that the sound is definitely man-made and mechanical. He shows a chart with points on it showing it headed toward Thor's Twins - the entrance to "Red Route One" around Iceland. He convinces Mancuso to plot a course toward the end of the route. Ryan, Painter and Davenport discuss Ryan's plans and idea that Ramius is defecting and Davenport protests heavily. Painter also believes the idea of a few days inspection will not work. He asks what they are to do with the crew and what Ramius' plan is, both of which Ryan doesn't know. Once things settle, Painter offers a place to sleep. After Ryan leaves Davenport protests the idea of Ryan wearing the uniform. Painter responds by explaining that Ryan had been a marine who survived a helicopter accident and ultimately left the corps on a medical discharge. Painter felt the Soviets would find the sub first. The Red October begins its navigation of Red Route One. Borodin calls Ramius to report first turn when Ramius himself enters the control room and orders an increase of speed to 26 knots. A shocked Borodin relays a re-computation order to Kamarov, the ship's navigation officer and Slavin protests quietly to Borodin - who ignores him. The Red October successfully navigates the next turn while maintaining the high speed. An explosion rocks the sub - which turns out to be the cryogenic plant failing. Borodin investigates and orders Lt Melekhin to disengage the caterpillar. He calls the captain and states the ship will have to stop to make repairs. Ramius instead orders main engines started at 20 knots - despite the protests of the lack of stealth movement. Soviet ambassador Andrei Lysenko ( Joss Ackland ) is confronted by Pelt, and denies any knowledge of Soviet naval activity. Pelt - concerned about a war breaking out - explains exactly what is happening to the Soviet Ambassador - who admits that the Soviets have lost one of their submarines and are trying to find it because several officers are sons of high party officials. Pelt offers assistance, which Lysenko replies to by saying they are in control of the situation. Bear Foxtrot #692, Soviet Anti-Submarine aircraft, South of Iceland The weapons officer of #692 notices a sonar pingback and radios to the plane's captain. Ramius is explaining to Melekhin about the loss of the caterpillar exposing them to the entire fleet (He does not mention which fleet) when the sonar operator interrupts him with the notice of a turboprop (BF692) flying overhead and the dropping of sonar buoys. Ramius order's battle stations be manned. A torpedo is released from BF692 and acquires lock on the Red October. Ramius ignores the turn at the Neptune Massif and uses it as a shield to avoid the torpedo from destroying the sub. Slavin protests all the way, drawing a relief from duty order from Ramius. A scared crew member asks why the BF was shooting at the Red October and has to be held back by Petrov and calmed by Borodin. Ramius looks around to find concerned looks on all crew members in the conn. Melekhin finds out that someone had intentionally sabotaged the caterpillar by tearing out the buffer circuit and reports to Ramius and Borodin. Realizing the presence of a saboteur, Ramius changes his plans for getting the crew off the sub. Aboard the Enterprise, Ryan ponders what Ramius is planning, wondering how he would have to get a crew to want to get off a nuclear submarine. The word "nuclear" gives him his answer. He tells Painter he knows, but Painter is not ready to listen. Davenport, now at ease with Ryan's uniform, explains the situation that is taking place and the deployment of both Soviet and American ships. A line of Soviet attack subs have lined up along the U.S. east coast, ready to intercept the Red October while Soviet ships and planes are trying to drive Ramius to them. Ryan notices a sub off by itself by Iceland - which Painter explains is the Dallas. Ryan realizes that the sub made contact with the Red October and requests transport to it. The request is difficult at best. Painter and Ryan witness an F-14 crash into the carrier's flight deck after a confrontation with a Bear Foxtrot that damaged the F-14. A helicopter - which was stripped down and turned into a "flying gas can" carries Ryan toward the Dallas. The Dallas reacquires contact with the Red October using Jonesy's theory and follow it. Aboard the Red October, Borodin reports to Ramius in the captain's cabin that they emerged from the turn and have reactivated the caterpillar. The crew now knows of the saboteur and is afraid. Routine clearing of the baffles (also known as Crazy Ivans) are initiated, causing the Dallas to go into silent running. Borodin and Ramius converse plans for their future after handing over the sub to the Americans while both crews endure the first Crazy Ivan. Ramius orders Guards posted in engineering to protect against the Saboteur. Mancuso orders end of silent running after the Red October reemerges in front of them. The radio officer hands orders to him notifying of Ryan's arrival. The Dallas surfaces to meet the helicopter, which lowers Ryan to the sub, but the high wind and rain prevent an easy transfer and injuring Tommy as a result of a collision between him and Ryan. As the helicopter aborts, Ryan disconnects from the tether and falls into the water. Mancuso dispatches a diver to recover him Lysenko demands audience from the U.S. President requesting assistance to destroy Red October saying that Ramius suffered a mental breakdown and the letter he sent to Padorin announced his intention to fire missiles upon the United States. Mancuso learns from Ryan that what he found is the Red October before receiving orders to sink her from central command. The Dallas rigs for red and orders battle stations manned - and reacquires contact with the Red October. Ryan realizes that the Soviets invented the story because they couldn't sink the Red October without any assistance and attempts to convince Mancuso otherwise, nearly being taken prisoner for it. Ryan guesses that the next Crazy Ivan will be to Starboard because he knows Ramius always does so in the bottom half of the hour. Ramius does exactly that, and Mancuso orders a reversal of the engines despite protests from Jonesy that the Red October will hear them. Now that they have "unzipped their fly", Mancuso orders weapons ready and outer tube doors open. The Red October responds equally, except for opening the tube doors. The Red October heads up to Periscope depth. The Dallas follows alongside. Both captains look through their periscopes. Mancuso sends a message to Ramius crafted by Ryan that the U.S is notified of his "intentions" according to Soviet officials and that he should not approach the U.S. or risk attack. Ryan offers the opportunity to discuss options. This confuses Ramius, who orders a single verification ping sent toward Dallas. Mancuso realizes Ramius' true intention and awaits Ryan's next message. Ryan suggests that if Ramius intends defection he should plot a course to south of the Grand Banks. Ryan also admits he didn't know that Ramius would Crazy Ivan to Starboard. Mancuso also bluffs Ryan by saying his Morse is so rusty that he might be sending dimensions on the playmate of the month. Ramius slams the periscope arms in shock - realizing that the Dallas has discovered his true intent. He orders another ping. Mancuso asks what this is about, to which Ryan responds that they will have to ruse the sinking to get the soviets off the Red October's back. Ramius orders a course to the Grand Banks. The Grand Banks, Just north of the Laurentian Abyssal, 20 Hours later Red October's alarms sound and vents spew gas into every room. Melekhin explains that a leak in the primary coolant tube forced shutdown of the caterpillar and ventilation has been disabled. Petrov strongly suggests getting the men outside. Ramius tries to deny sabotage until Borodin agrees with the doctor. Ramius orders surface and evacuation. Borodin stands watch with Binoculars and spots an American frigate to the west of them. The frigate orders the Red October to not submerge or risk being fired upon. Ramius orders Petrov to join the crew while he and the officers dive and scuttle. The frigate fires a warning shot, then launches a helicoptor which drops a torpedo into the water. A hand presses the self-destruct button for the torpedo 300 yards behind the Red October. Greer informs Lt Cmdr Mike Hewitt ( William Bell Sullivan ) that the torpedo hit Red October and he was never present. Tyler orders Dallas to get the DSRV over to the Red October. As Mancuso mutters about the CIA being involved and pointing out "a contradiction in terms", he boards the DSRV, joining Jonesy and Ryan - who gives Mancuso a deadpan look as Mancuso asks how the coffee was. The rescue sub transfers to the Red October while the Ruben James rescues the Red October's crew. After docking, Mancuso, who had readied his own sidearm en-route, offers a gun to Ryan, who reluctantly accepts, believing that Ramius won't change his mind about defecting. Anatoli, the Red October's sonar chief, greets Mancuso and welcomes him, Jonesy and Ryan into the sub's interior, escorting them to the Conn, where Ramius and his officers await them. Borodin orders Melekhin to disarm the flashing lights in the radiation alarm. Ryan asks for a cigarette from Melekhin and smokes it, drawing the ire of both the Soviets and Mancuso. Ramius realizes his worry of a buckaroo after glancing at Mancuso's sidearm - Ryan laughs, explaining to Mancuso such. Ramius asks Mancuso why he fired on the Red October despite no such mention in the message. Ryan explains that this was necessary to maintain the illusion for the Red October crew. He realizes that Ryan sent the signal but asks how Ryan knew that the reactor accident was false. Ryan said it was a logical guess. Tensions relax a bit between the Soviets and the Americans and Ramius requests asylum for him and his officers which Mancuso accepts. A torpedo flies overhead, interrupting them. A Soviet officer believes that the Americans are shooting again, but Jonesy says that the torpedo is Russian because the pitch is too high. Tupolev wonders why the missile did not detonate, and orders adjustment and another torpedo launch. Beaumont reports aboard the Dallas the presence of the new contact, an Alfa-class Soviet submarine (The Konovalov. Ramius engages power on the Red October and the DSRV off the hull. Jonesy and Borodin discover the Konovalov 8000 yards to starboard. Tupelov launches another torpedo. Tommy, now in command of the Dallas, orders battle stations manned of the COB, his acting XO. Aboard the Ruben James, Steiner explains what happens to Greer and Tyler. Ramius orders the Red October to turn into the torpedo's path, closing the distance to prevent arming and eventual break-up. Ramius orders a firing solution, but the saboteur, which stowed aboard during evacuation, shot at and destroyed the fire control, killing Borodin in the process (Borodin took a bullet meant for Ramius). Mancuso returns fire to drive off the traitor. The Saboteur enters the missile bay and begins to rig a missile for self-destruct. Ramius leaves Mancuso in command and goes to intercept. Mancuso offers his sidearm to Ramius and sends Ryan with him. Ramius is injured by the saboteur and Ryan continues his advance to intercept the traitor in the missile bay. Tupolev orders safety ranges set to zero and fires another torpedo. Jonesy recognizes that the torpedo will hit, but the Dallas intercepts the missile and does an emergency surface to save the Red October and drive the torpedo off course. Ryan finally finds the saboteur, discovering him to be the same cook Ramius encountered during the Putin investigation. The cook has no intention of surrendering and Ryan kills him. Ramius and Ryan return to the Conn as the torpedo reacquires the Red October. Mancuso plots a collision course with the Konovalov and plays "chicken" with her, turning just in time to allow the torpedo destroy the Konovalov. Back in Washington, Pelt explains to Lysenko that recovery is difficult and return of the crew to the Soviets. Lysenko explains that the Soviets lost a second sub (The Konovalov). Pelt responds with mock surprise at the news. Penobscot River, North of Searsport, Maine Ramius, Ryan, Mancuso and Melekhin stand on the Bridge of the Red October reminiscing about the past and future and hide the Red October in the Penobscot River, 100 miles from the nearest base. It was in an area that Ryan grew up. Ramius queries Ryan on why he didn't ask why this happened. Ramius intended to take away a first-strike weapon from the Soviets. Ryan flies back to London, having bought Stanley's "brother" and sleeps peacefully despite the turbulence. 
 Suicide Squad (2016)761) A secret government agency recruits some of the most dangerous incarcerated super-villains to form a defensive task force. Their first mission: save the world from the apocalypse. It feels good to be bad...Assemble a team of the world's most dangerous, incarcerated Super Villains, provide them with the most powerful arsenal at the government's disposal, and send them off on a mission to defeat an enigmatic, insuperable entity. U.S. intelligence officer Amanda Waller has determined only a secretly convened group of disparate, despicable individuals with next to nothing to lose will do. However, once they realize they weren't picked to succeed but chosen for their patent culpability when they inevitably fail, will the Suicide Squad resolve to die trying, or decide it's every man for himself? ahmetkozan A secret government agency, led by the ruthless, high-ranking official Amanda Waller, recruits some of the most dangerous, incarcerated villains on the planet to execute dangerous black ops missions and save the world from a potentially apocalyptic threat from a mysterious, supernatural entity. If anything goes wrong on this mission, the government will not be liable but rather can place the blame on the villains, who are inherently evil people. A small bomb is implanted in each member of the squad's neck with the capability of detonating any time one of the members tries to rebel or escape. It will be up to this assembled team of villains to prevail over the seemingly impossible events that will unfold before them, in what many deem to be a "suicide mission". Kyle Perez After the death of Superman, the leader of a secret agency, Amanda Waller, convinces the government to recruit super-villains imprisoned in Belle Reve to protect the world. She summons the hit-man Deadshot; The Joker's girlfriend and former psychiatrist Harley Quinn; the pyrokinetic Diablo; the bank thief Captain Boomerang; the mutant Killer Croc; the criminal Slipknot; and the witch Enchantress who possessed the former archaeologist, June Moone, to form Task Force X. Waller also assigns the command of the team to Colonel Rick Flag, who is in love with June. To convince the group to obey orders, a nanite bomb is implanted in the neck of each member. When Enchantress releases her powerful brother, they besiege Midway City turning the residents into an army of monsters and building a powerful weapon. Meanwhile, the Joker is plotting a plan to rescue his beloved Harley Quinn. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil With Superman dead, the world needs a new band of superheroes to step into the breach. Senior US Intelligence officer Amanda Waller comes up with a daring plan - use extreme criminals with special abilities to fight crime, in exchange for them receiving reduced sentences. The band of crime-fighting criminals is officially known as Task Force X, but due to the nature of their mission a more appropriate name would be Suicide Squad. grantss For fear that the next superhero saviour turns terrorist, the calculating, ruthless Intelligence Division agent, Amanda Waller, decides to assemble an elite force of meta-humans: the secret Task Force X. For this reason, Waller hand-picks the worst of the worst from the country's maximum-security prisons--a proper circus of psychotic, antisocial super-villains kept on a short leash to do the government's dirty work. Of course, if anything goes wrong, the Federals will deny everything. When the Enchantress, an all-powerful shape-shifting sorceress, goes rogue, bent on building a devastating machine, the squad will have to prepare for WWIII. Is the Suicide Squad, the band of expendable anti-heroes, humankind's only hope? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens at the Belle Reve Penitentiary. Floyd Lawton (AKA: Deadshot) (Will Smith) is in his cell going at his punching bag. The guards, led by Captain Griggs (Ike Barinholtz), bring Floyd a lousy meal. When Griggs taunts him, Floyd threatens to get him someday. Taking that as a threat, Griggs has Floyd strapped to a chair and beaten by the other guards. Meanwhile, Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie) is hanging upside down in her cell (more like a cage). Griggs shows up to see her, and he has one of the guards turn on the electricity on the bars when she gets too close. This triggers a flashback in Harley's mind of when she first showed up at the place, having just gone insane. It's been months since the death of Superman (a reference to the film 'Batman vs. Superman'). Amanda Waller (Viola Davis) meets with her associates Admiral Olsen (Ted Whittall) and Dexter Tolliver (David Harbour) to discuss the organization of Task Force X, her idea of creating a team of the most dangerous criminals to combat any possible major catastrophe. Waller pulls out her files and goes through her proposed recruits. She starts with Floyd, who was an expert marksman known as Deadshot. In a flashback, we see Deadshot preparing to take out a target. He goads his employer into doubling his pay, and Deadshot kills his target by having his bullet ricochet off a gate to strike the man. Floyd has a daughter, Zoe (Shailyn Pierre-Dixon). In another flashback, the two were walking together and discussing Zoe moving in with Floyd. Her mother wouldn't let her because they both know Floyd is a killer, though he denied it to Zoe. He was caught by Batman (Ben Affleck). Floyd got his gun and prepared to shoot Batman, but Zoe stood in the way and pleaded with him not to do it. Floyd relented and went quietly. Waller's next pick is Harley, who was originally a therapist named Dr. Harleen Quinzel. Her last patient was The Joker (Jared Leto). Instead of fixing him, she fell in love with him. The Joker escaped from prison by using Harleen as a hostage. He then tortured Harleen for months until she went insane and turned her into his love slave and eventually his wife. Waller knows that Harley is even crazier and more fearless than Joker, which makes her a very valuable asset. Another couple flashbacks show Joker and Harley in a nightclub where Harley was dancing. He invited her to join him and a gangster he met with named Monster T (Common). Harley offered him company, but he declined out of fear that Joker would be displeased. This got him killed. Later, Joker and Harley made their getaway but were chased by Batman in the Batmobile. The two were ran off the road and into the river. Batman jumped in and found Harley, then took her to jail. Among Waller's other picks are Digger Harkness (AKA: Captain Boomerang) (Jai Courtney), a thief that used a bladed boomerang and would double-cross his partners. He was caught by The Flash (Ezra Miller). Next is Chato Santana (Jay Hernandez), a former gang-banger known as El Diablo. He possesses pyrokinetic abilities, and he willingly turned himself in. Then there's Waylon Jones/Killer Croc (Adewale Akinnouye-Agbaje), a thug with an unusual disorder that gives him green scaly skin. Croc was treated like a monster, so he acted like one and devoured anyone that crossed him. Waller's last pick is Dr. June Moone (Cara Delevignge), an archaeologist who recently came across a cave and found an idol, releasing the spirit of a 6,000-year-old witch called Enchantress. The spirit possesses June, but Waller carries the heart of Enchantress with her in order to maintain control over her. Helping Waller is Colonel Rick Flag (Joel Kinnaman), who is motivated because he is in love with June. Waller, Tolliver, and others gather at the Pentagon in Washington DC to discuss the initiation of Task Force X. The chairman is not feeling the plan until Waller tells June to bring out Enchantress. She morphs into the witch and demonstrates her power, with Waller poking the heart to control her, which pains Enchantress and also hurts June once she returns to normal. Waller tells the others in the room that the plan would be for her team to go out in secrecy with no word of the government's involvement, and if the villains get caught, they'll get "thrown under the bus". Waller heads to Belle Reve with Flag and June to continue recruiting. She brings Floyd out and allows him to use an array of guns for target practice. He gives Flag a list of demands, including freedom from his sentence and custody of his daughter. Flag refuses to give into these demands, but Floyd says he was talking to Waller. At night, June morphs into Enchantress. Flag is trying to call Amanda, but Enchantress hits Flag's mind with a vision of June dead to terrify him. Enchantress then teleports to Waller's home and finds an idol that contains the spirit of her brother, Incubus. She takes the idol and heads to the Midway City train station and finds a commuter (Alain Chanoine) and uses his body to bring Incubus back to life. Reunited, the two discuss Enchantress's plan to create a machine to wipe out humanity. Incubus, still in the commuter's body, kills three men on the tracks before taking his true form and causing destruction. Waller is alerted to the chaos and decides it's time to activate Task Force X. The villains are taken from their cells and injected with nano bombs that will go off if they fail or try to escape. They are brought to a base where they are briefed on their mission, which is to head into Midway City and retrieve a mark. The last recruit, Slipknot (Adam Beach), arrives, where he first punches out an FBI agent. When Flag tells the villains about their set-up, Floyd refers to them as a "Suicide Squad". They are given proper outfits and their own weapons to head into battle. Lastly, Flag shows them a tablet with Waller speaking to them and telling them what the deal is. On the ride there, the squad is joined by Flag's bodyguard, Tatsu Yamashiro (AKA: Katana) (Karen Fukuhara), a lethal Japanese assassin whose sword contains the souls of those that she kills. Her husband was killed with that sword and his own soul is trapped in there. Meanwhile, one of Joker's henchmen finds him in his apartment surrounded by his weapons to tell him about Harley's situation. Joker goes to find Griggs in a casino and tortures him until he tells him everything. Joker and his goons then attack the Van Criss research facility where the nano bombs were produced. Joker shows the head doctor that he's kidnapped his wife to blackmail him into helping him. Incubus turns Enchantress into a more powerful form when Waller repeatedly stabs her heart. As the squad is flown into Midway City, Enchantress' soldiers shoot them down and causes their chopper to crash-land. They walk to their destination, but Slipknot attempts to make an escape. He shoots his grappling hook to get out, but Flag sets off his nano bomb and kills Slipknot, proving he was not bluffing. The squad is attacked by mutated creatures (formerly human males) under the bidding of Enchantress, prompting them to utilize their capabilities. Deadshot hits every target, Harley shoots and whacks the minions with her baseball bat, Katana slices them with her sword, and Boomerang uses his weapon, but Diablo sits this one out. Flag is grabbed by the minions, and Harley almost lets him die, but Deadshot reminds her that if he dies, then they all die. She reluctantly saves Flag and kills the minions. Flag leads the squad to a building to find their mark. Harley takes an elevator and is attacked by more minions. She easily kills them before rejoining the squad. More minions attack them, so Deadshot pushes Diablo into unleashing the full might of his fire powers. Diablo incinerates all the minions with one blast. As they walk to their destination, Harley looks down the staircase and she remembers the night she became what she is now. Joker brought her to a chemical plant and convinced her to "live" for him. She willingly tossed herself into the vat of chemicals, and Joker jumped in after her, pulling her out and laughing maniacally. In the present, the squad finds a room that Flag enters to find Waller waiting for him. As they discuss their mission in front of four other agents, Waller kills them all since they know too much. The rest of the squad is surprised to find Waller there. Together, they all go to the rooftop for extraction. Unfortunately, the chopper they're waiting for has been hijacked by Joker and his men. One of the men deactivates the nano bomb in Harley's neck, allowing her to escape with Joker. Waller orders Deadshot to shoot her down with the promise of custody of his daughter. Deadshot shoots but intentionally misses Harley. Waller then orders her men to shoot the chopper down. Harley falls out of the chopper and lands on a rooftop, and she watches as Joker goes down with the chopper. Waller is taken by Enchantress's minions and brought to her, allowing Enchantress to get inside Waller's mind and learn what she already knows. Enchantress also gets her heart back, giving her more power. Harley rejoins the squad when they come across her on their path. Deadshot finds Waller's case file and learns the truth about their mission. He demands an explanation from Flag. Flag admits that three days earlier, he and June went underground together to set something up, but she morphed into Enchantress and abandoned him. The squad ditches Flag as Deadshot heads into a bar to get a drink. In the bar, the squad drinks together with Harley acting as the barmaid in serving them drinks. Deadshot tells them that he knows they're just pawns in Waller's plan and that they are all expendable. During the conversation, Diablo discusses why he stopped using his powers. He used to have a family, but his wife Grace (Corina Calderon) found out about his life as a gangster, and in a fit of rage, Diablo burned their house down with Grace and their two kids inside. Flag then enters the bar to tell the squad they can go free if they choose, as he breaks the detonator to their bombs. He gives Deadshot letters from his daughter, showing she had written to him everyday. This gives Deadshot the motivation to continue the mission, leading the rest of the squad to join him. The plan is to plant a bomb beneath the station to take out Incubus so that the rest of the squad can get close enough to Enchantress. Croc joins Flag's men to head into the sewers and place the bomb. The squad hides, but Enchantress senses them and offers them the things they want the most as she goes into their minds. She shows Deadshot a vision of him killing Batman. Harley sees her and Joker looking normal and starting a family. Flag sees himself with June. Diablo sees himself with his family again. Only he realizes quickly that it's a trick. He heads into the fight against Incubus, hurling his fire powers at him before morphing into his true form, a towering fire creature as big as Incubus. Diablo roasts Incubus and holds him in the corner long enough for Croc and the others to place the bomb. Diablo stays there to hold Incubus down as the bomb explodes, killing both of them. The now enraged Enchantress takes on the whole squad, with Croc returning to join the fight. But the witch is far too powerful and evasive for any one of them to get her, so she offers them what they want if they join her. Harley appears to go through with it and approaches Enchantress. However, Harley tricks Enchantress and uses a sword to cut her heart out. Croc then throws a bag of explosive in the path of Enchantress's machine, as Deadshot gets ready to shoot at it. Enchantress tries to trick him by making it look like Zoe is there to beg him to not shoot, but Deadshot pulls the trigger and hits the bombs, destroying the machine. Enchantress is now weakened, and Flag holds her heart. He orders the witch to release June, but Enchantress says she won't come back. Flag crushes the heart and kills Enchantress. June peels off the witch's skin, returning to normal and embracing Flag. As the squad prepares to leave, Waller emerges with her own detonator. She says they only get 10 years off their sentences, with some special privileges. Floyd is allowed to visit Zoe for a brief while before being escorted out by Flag. Croc is allowed to have cable TV in his cell. Boomerang gets moved into solitary confinement for his demands. Harley is given as espresso machine in her cell. Moments later, a group of mercs breaks into the penitentiary and start killing the guards before breaking into Harley's cell. The Joker (STILL ALIVE) enters and embraces Harley, whispering into her ear, "Let's go home..." During the closing credits, Waller meets with Bruce Wayne in a restaurant. She asks him for protection in the aftermath of Enchantress's destruction, and in exchange, she hands him case files on Barry Allen (Flash) and Arthur Curry (Aquaman). As Bruce leaves, Waller comments that he should "stop working nights". Bruce says she should shut her operation down, since he and his new friends will be taking care of things. 
 Broken Arrow (1996)761) Terrorists steal nuclear warheads from the U.S. military but don't count on a pilot and park ranger spoiling their plans. "Broken Arrow" is the term used to describe a nuclear device that has been lost. In this movie, two nuclear missiles are stolen by rogue US pilot Deakins, but hot on his trail is his co-pilot Hale and a Park Ranger, Terry. The action takes place in Utah's canyon country; a high stakes game of cat and mouse. Rob Hartill Major Vic Deakins and Captain Riley Hale are Air Force pilots sent on a mission to fly a B-3 bomber carrying two live nuclear warheads to test for radiation emissions over a desert in Utah. The mission is messed up when Vic tries to kill Riley, and the airplane crashes in the desert. The warheads were made to survive crashes. Before the crash, Vic and Riley parachuted off of the airplane. Vic and his right hand man Emmitt Kelly (Howie Long) steal the two warheads, and they plan to detonate the two warheads in Salt Lake City unless they receive $250,000,000 from the government. Lost in the desert, Riley is found by park ranger Terry Carmichael, who decides to help him find Vic and Emmitt. Terry and Riley soon discover that Vic plans to send the warheads to Salt Lake City on a train, but Vic has only one warhead to use after one of the warheads explodes inside of an abandoned copper mine that Vic was using as a hideout. Then Terry and Riley discover that Vic is actually sending the remaining warhead to an even bigger target -- Denver, Colorado, not Salt Lake City. Can they stop the train before it reaches Denver? Todd Baldridge Major Vic Deakins and Commander Riley Hale are training and combat partners and good friends. One day, they receive orders to perform another training exercise with a stealth bomber armed with real nuclear missiles. Then, in a flash, Deakins turns on Hale and crashes the bomber. The next morning, a team of soldiers, lead by a man named Emmitt Kelly, search for the lost Nuclear missiles. But, Kelly then kills off his own team and takes the missiles to Deakins. What Deakins is planning to do is demand the government to give him a promotion and money. But, it wasn't long at all before hale regained consciousness. He must stop Deakins from using the nuclear missiles to blow up the west with a help of a park ranger Teresa Charmichile. John Wiggins Major Deakins is a tough U.S. Air Force pilot who is assigned to a flight mission with 'nice-guy' Captain Hale. They are to fly the B3 Stealth Bomber on wargame maneuvers over Utah loaded with two live nuclear weapons. Deakins, having been continually passed over for promotion, sells out his country and arranges to use the thermonuclear warheads under his command to blackmail the U.S. government. The only thing standing in his way is his old buddy, Captain Hale.... Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> A corrupt Air Force major intentionally crash lands a U.S. plane in the middle of the desert and holds two nuclear warheads for ransom. The only ones who can stop him are his co-pilot, a younger Air Force captain, and an ambitious U.S. park ranger patrolling the area. Cooper Williams Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Major Vic "Deak" Deakins (John Travolta) and Captain Riley Hale (Christian Slater) are pilots in the United States Air Force, stationed in the southwest United States. After a sparring match between the two where Deak also coaches Hale on how to dodge a blow from an opponent, the pilots are assigned to a top secret exercise on a B-3 Stealth Bomber (a fictional advanced version of the actual B-2 Spirit stealth bomber) with two B-83 nuclear bombs on board. Deakins and Hale take off from Whiteman Air Force Base carrying the two live nuclear weapons on an evening exercise over Utah. After successfully evading Air Force radar during the exercise, Deakins begins a friendly conversation to distract and shoot Hale. A struggle ensues, ending when Deakins ejects Hale. He then releases the bombs from the plane without detonating them. When the Air Force base regains radar contact with the aircraft, Deakins reports, "Hale's lost it. I'm punching out", and ejects, leaving the plane to crash into a mountainside over the Utah canyons. A search and rescue team is sent to recover the warheads. They do not find the warheads in the plane's payload bay wreckage and report a "Broken Arrow", a situation wherein nuclear weapons are missing. The team later locates the warheads in a canyon but are killed while recovering them by mercenaries, including Sgt. Kelly (Howie Long), a corrupt member of the team. Deakins arrives moments later and plots his next move with Pritchett (Bob Gunton), the operation's financier. Meanwhile, Hale survives the ejection and is found by Park Ranger Terry Carmichael (Samantha Mathis) whom, after a brief stand-off, he convinces to help him track down Deakins and foil his plot. After recovering the weapons from a hijacked Humvee and escaping to a nearby copper mine, Hale attempts to disable them using a safety feature which would render them unusable by intentionally entering the arming code incorrectly. Deakins, however, had anticipated this scenario, and Hale inadvertently arms the warhead. Finding himself unable to disarm the warhead, Hale decides to place the unarmed weapon deep in the abandoned mine to prevent them from being used elsewhere. Deakins arrives and secures the unarmed warhead, leaving Hale and Terry to die in the upcoming explosion. A helicopter chases Deakins, as the mercenaries proceed with their mission to blackmail the government with the threat of detonating the warhead in a civilian area. Pritchett berates him for allowing the helicopter to give chase, and Deakins, fed up with his complaining, kills Pritchett by crushing his throat with a flashlight. Hale and Terry escape from the mine via an underground river just before the bomb detonates. The bomb's EMP disables and subsequently destroys the NEST Team sent in to recover the warheads when their helicopter crashes and explodes. Terry and Hale track Deakins to a motorboat to be used for transporting the remaining warhead. While trying to steal the boat, Terry is forced to hide on board while Deakins moves the warhead. Military forces find Hale and arrest him, believing Deak's last transmission that Hale had lost his mind on the bomber. Hale is able to convince them otherwise. Hale deduces that Deakins intends to move the warhead on board a train and sets off in a helicopter to find the train and hunt down the remaining mercenaries. Deak had left an ID tag from a Salt Lake City hospital on the boat he'd used to escape. Believing that Deak will try to hide the bomb in the radiology department of the hospital, task forces are sent to Salt Lake City to intercept Deak if he arrives there. Hale thinks that Deak is trying a classic "rope-a-dope"; planting the Salt Lake ID to send the pursuit in the wrong direction. Hale suggests that since they have Salt Lake secured, they should check out Denver to the east. Hale's hunch is right and the pursuit finds Deak's train heading east. Aboard the train, Hale finds Terry, whom Deakins has tried, unsuccessfully, to threaten into arming the weapon. A gunfight ensues in which the helicopter that Hale was on with Colonel Wilkins (Delroy Lindo) is destroyed, and Wilkins and most of Deakins' mercenaries are killed. With his own helicopter sabotaged by Hale and his plan falling apart, Deakins decides to detonate the nuke early. Kelly, realizing they will have no chance to get away in time, holds Deakins at gunpoint and demands he disarm the weapon. As the train passes over a viaduct, Hale leaps into the boxcar and kicks Kelly out to his death below. Terry detaches the rear section of the train (with the bomb) from the front, but soon gets into a shootout with the engineer, resulting in the engineer falling on the train brakes and causing the train to stop. However, the detached boxcars continue to coast at high speed. Deakins, still in possession of a remote that can either disarm or detonate the bomb instantly, forces Hale to drop his gun and challenges him to a hand-to-hand fight. Hale uses his greater speed to match Deakins' strength, ultimately winning their rematch from the night before. Hale leaps out of the train at the last second with the weapon's remote control and disarms it. As he does so, the detached boxcars slam into the halted front half of the train. The impact from the collision propels the disarmed warhead into Deakins' chest, and the entire train derails, exploding in a fireball, incinerating Deakins. Hale survives and finds a 20-dollar bill fluttering on a twig in the debris - the same 20-dollar bill Deakins had won from him earlier during their boxing practice - plus the nuclear warhead, damaged but intact. He then finds Terry and they formally introduce themselves to each other amidst the wreckage. 
 Species (1995)44) A group of scientists try to track down and trap a killer alien seductress before she successfully mates with a human. In 1993, a search for extraterrestrial life, a transmission's received, detailing an alien DNA structure, along with instructions on how to splice it with human DNA. The result is Sil, a sensual but deadly creature who can change from a beautiful woman to an armor-plated killing machine in the blink of an eye. Government agent Xavier Fitch assembles a team of scientists and mercenaries to locate and destroy Sil before she manages to find a mate and breed. Amazon A group of scientists try to track down and stop a killer alien. In 1974, the United States government relayed a message containing information about Earth and its inhabitants (including the DNA sequences which make up the human genoome) out to the galaxy. But now, 20 years later, a reply arrives; it contains a unique sequence of DNA, along with instructions of how to combine it with their own. An experiment's undertaken and within weeks, one of the injected human ova grows into a seemingly normal female child, called "Sil." It soon becomes apparent she possesses dangerous alien characteristics. She's part human, part alien, strong, dangerous and desperate to mate with a human. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} A message is sent out to space to whatever intelligent life form out there might be listening. Approximately 20 years later, a reply is received; it gives the scientists information of an alien species' DNA structure and instructions on how to mix their DNA with human DNA. The science team successfully creates a hybrid,which they codename Sil. Due to some mistakes, the experiment had to be stopped. Sil manages to escape, murdering people. She is on a mission to mate with a human male, but the team gathered has to quickly catch her and stop her. If Sil manages to mate, she'd produce offspring which will destroy Earth. Kellye Boyd It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 