nm0005095:

 Love! Valour! Compassion! (1997)Summaries Gregory invites seven friends to spend the summer at his large, secluded 19th-century home in upstate New York. The seven are: Bobby, Gregory's "significant other," who is blind but who loves to explore the home's garden using his sense of touch; Art and Perry, two "yuppies" who drive a Volvo and who celebrate their 14th anniversary together that summer; John, a dour expatriate Briton who loathes his twin brother James; Ramon, John's "companion," who is physically attracted to Bobby and immediately tries to seduce the blind man; James, a cheerful soul who is in the advanced stages of AIDS; and Buzz, a fan of traditional Broadway musicals who is dealing with his own HIV-positive status. Dennis Lewis <dsl@sprynet.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Angels in America (2003)Summaries Playwright Tony Kushner adapted his political epic about the AIDS crisis during the mid 1980s and centers the story around a group of disparate but connected individuals. God has abandoned Heaven. It's 1985: the Reagans are in the White House and Death swings the scythe of AIDS. In Manhattan, Prior Walter ( Justin Kirk ) tells Louis ( Ben Shenkman ), his lover of four years, he's ill; Louis bolts. As disease and loneliness ravage Prior, guilt invades Louis. Joe Pitt ( Patrick Wilson ), an attorney who is Mormon and Republican, is pushed by right-wing fixer Roy Cohn ( Al Pacino ) toward a job at the Justice Department. Pitt and Cohn are in the closet: Pitt out of shame and religious turmoil, Cohn to preserve his power and access. Pitt's wife Harper (Mary-Louise Parker) is strung out on Valium, aching to escape a sexless marriage. An angel invites Prior to be a prophet in death. Pitt's mother and Belize (Jeffrey Wright), a close friend, help Prior choose. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Weeds (20052012)44) When a suburban mother turns to dealing marijuana in order to maintain her privileged lifestyle after her husband dies, she finds out just how addicted her entire neighborhood already is. Creator/showrunner Jenji Kohan's hit Showtime satirical drama series told of Nancy Botwin (Mary-Louise Parker), a widowed mother of two boys - Silas and Shane (Hunter Parish and Alexander Gould) - who begins selling marijuana to support her family. Other main characters include Nancy's lax brother-in-law Andy (Justin Kirk) moving in to help raise her children; foolish acquaintance Doug Wilson (Kevin Nealon); narcissistic neighbor Celia Hodes (Elizabeth Perkins), who lives with her husband Dean (Andy Milder) and their daughter Isabelle (Allie Grant); as well as Nancy's wholesalers Heylia James and her son Conrad (Tonye Patano and Romany Malco). Over the course of the show, the Botwin family become increasingly entangled in illegal activity. Eli Allen and Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia After her husband's unexpected death and subsequent financial woes, suburban mom Nancy Botwin (Mary-Louise Parker) embraces a new profession: the neighborhood marijuana dealer. As it seems like everyone secretly wants what she's selling, even city councilman Doug Wilson (Kevin Nealon), Nancy is faced with keeping her family life in check and her enterprise a secret from her neighbor, pseudo-friend, and P.T.A. President, Celia Hodes (Elizabeth Perkins). IMDb Editors (Corrected by bdb4269) When her husband, Judah, dies of a sudden heart attack while out with his ten-year-old son, Shane, Nancy Botwin finds herself in a financial crisis. With no other option available to her, she turns to Conrad Shepard and his family to sell cannabis, using a fake bakery to move the goods. Aided by her wayward black-sheep brother-in-law, Andy (Judah's younger brother), she struggles to keep her new means of bill-solving secret from suspicious P.T.A. members and her nosy neighbors, as well as from her children, Shane and his teenage brother, Silas. Coping without Judah as the patriarch of the family reflects in the Botwins, especially Shane, who is going through the painful process of growing up without his dad, with Andy as the reluctant and rather poor substitute for father-and-son topics that go with growing up. suspiciouscrabs It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Last Love (2013)Summaries He's a widower in Paris who speaks no French. She's a dance instructor less than half his age. Can they become a family, or will his estranged adult children halt the friendship? Matthew Morgan is a retired American professor in his eighties, a widower. He lives in Paris and speaks no French. Since his wife's death, he's marking time. His curiosity is piqued when he meets Pauline Laubie, half his age, a dance instructor. She's also a solitary person, but wants the connection of family. She believes she's found that in Matthew, and she attends to him during a hospitalization. When his two adult children arrive from the U.S. to check on their father, they are certain Pauline is a gold digger, and she's confounded by the distance between father and children. The daughter heads home, the son remains. Is there any way that Pauline fits in? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 