nm0004302:

 The Funeral (1996)431) After the funeral of one of their own, a criminal family decides to embark on an emotionally unnerving journey in an attempt to exact bloody revenge. In the 30's, in New York, the coffin of the leftist gangster Johnny Tempio is brought to the house of his older brother Ray for the wake of family and friends. Ray is a cold gangster that likes to read and is married to Jean. His brother Chez is a hot head that runs a bar and is married to Clara . Ray decides to revenge the murder of his younger brother and believes the gangster Gaspare is the one who killed Johnny. Meanwhile Chez has a breakdown with tragic consequences for the Tempio brothers. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil New York City, the 1930s. A powerful crime family is caught in a lethal crossfire between union organizers and brutal corporate bosses. Against this turbulent backdrop, the family's three street-hardened brothers and the women they love are about to be plunged into a deadly confrontation with their enemies, with each other, and with their own dark heritage of violence, madness and murder. Echo Bridge Home Entertainment Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Director Abel Ferrara puts his finger on the pulse of the world of sin. The Funeral is a dark portrait of a family "not broken enough to believe in God". The film opens in a movietheatre where Johnny Tempio (Vincent Gallo) is watching Humphrey Bogart talking about death. After the titles we find ourselves at the home of the Tempio family where a coffin is brought into the house. When the coffin is opened we see Johnny; he's dead. His oldest brother Ray (Christopher Walken) seems to be the head of the family. He's a gangster. Behind his ice cold gaze lives the hunger for revenge and strategic 'gangster-justice'. When Johnny's other brother Chez (Chris Penn) enters the house the mood seems to change from silence into rage and fear, for Chez is a man on the edge of insanity. Madness, rooted in pain and fed by anger. The movie progresses into a parallel structure where we follow the three brothers through flashbacks up against the present where the two remaining brothers are dealing with their loss. The movie is a depiction of gangster life, without the traditional glamour and romanticism. The more mainstream enjoyment and stylistic elements of the famous gangster films are dismissed and replaced by pain, suffering and hopelessness. The Funeral is a bleak but powerful film about the fate of sin. A film about a place in the world where redemption is far gone. As opposed to most of Ferrara's films The Funeral finds no salvation for the lead character(s). Chez, the insane man turns out to be the man that does the only sane thing. End this life of evil and immorality by the only means possible in his way of thinking. 
 100 Feet (2008)431) After Marnie Watson kills her abusive husband in self-defense, she is condemned to house arrest... only to discover that the house is possessed by the enraged and violent spirit of her dead husband. A young woman, Marnie Watson, is granted early release from her prison sentence for manslaughter (killing her husband - a violent NYC cop - in self defense) on condition she wear an electronic ankle bracelet and remain within her home, effectively under house arrest, for the remainder of her sentence. Her late husband's partner keeps tabs on her from a patrol car parked across the street, hoping she'll violate probation and he can send her back to prison. But the 100-foot radius her ankle bracelet allows isn't the worst of her problems. Her dead husband --now a malevolent ghost--is still in the house, where he died -- intent on savage revenge. Grand Ilusions After seven years and fifty-two days in prison, Marnie Watson returns to her old house in Brooklyn, New York, under the house arrest condition for the next six months. Marnie was sentenced for killing her abusive and brutal husband, the policeman Mike Watson, in self-defense and she must wear an electronic brace around her ankle that allows her to move in a 100-foot radius in the house during her probation. Mike's former partner Shanks takes Marnie under his custody, stalking her from his car, expecting her to violate the limits of the electronic device and send her back to prison. Sooner Marnie discovers that she is trapped in the house with the ghost of Mike that has not moved on and is still in the house seeking revenge against her. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with Marnie Watson (Famke Jannsen) being driven home in a New York City police car. She stands outside for a few seconds, before going in to the house. Shanks (Bobby Cannavale), the cop escorting her, tells her not to get used to fresh air. He lets her in to the hall, and Shanks tears off the police crime scene tape that had been left there. After they get inside, someone comes to fit her ankle bracelet, and they tell her she cannot move more than 100 feet from the detector in the hallway. Shanks treats Marnie quite badly, telling her she will remain in the house until her sentence is up. He tells her to clean up some blood from the wall, and that she will have lots of time to think about what she did. Marnie argues with him, telling him that if the police had taken her crime reports seriously, her husband would still be alive today. The cynical Shanks leaves with indifference. Later that day, Marnie takes all of her husband's pictures, and belongings, and puts them in her basement, where the detector goes off. She then paints over the blood in the wall. She calls the power company about having her power restored, and they tell her they can't make it until Monday, so she has to light some candles. Later that night, she is in bed, and hears footsteps, but it turns out to be a cat. She continues to hear the footsteps, and goes downstairs, where she finds a homeless man, and threatens to stab him if he doesn't leave. The next day, a local delivery boy, Joey (Ed Westwick) arrives, and brings her shopping over. He tells her he lives in the same street, and compliments her house. She tells him she needs him to come by regularly, and he says he will do it for the tips. Marnie watches him leave, with a look of lust in her eyes. Later that night, she is going upstairs, when the ghost of her husband, Mike Watson (Michael Par) pushes her down the stairs. As she crawls to the front door, she sets the detector off. She stands up, and Mike lunges at her. Shanks arrives a short time later, and finds her unconscious at the front door. She tells him she fell down the stairs. He asks her if someone is beating her, but she tells him she wouldn't cover for anyone. He then chastises her for not cleaning up the blood stain, which has reappeared on the wall. The next day, she cleans it up again, before heading upstairs with a baseball bat. She gets scared when the power company switch the power back on. She goes to make herself a cup of coffee, when the cupboard starts to rattle, and plates fly across the room at her. She shouts at Mike that he had it coming, because he beat her for years. Her sister Frances (Patricia Charbonneau) arrives to buy out her share of her mother's house, and the pair row. Joey comes over the next day, and tells her he knows what happened in her house. She then reads a book on exorcising spirits, and finds out that it is necessary to remove the dead person's belongings from the house. She collects Mike's things from the basement, and he attacks her. She grabs his case, but Shanks appears and tells her he heard screaming. He decides that Joey is hitting her. He believes that she is covering for Mike's killer, and tells her he will protect her. She tells him he can't protect her. He tells her he read Mike's files and saw what he did to her. He apologises for not doing anything at the time. After Shanks leaves, she drops her ring down the sink, and reaches in to collect it. Mike grabs her hand and pulls it in to the drain, cutting it up. After some digging around, she finds a crawlspace under her bedroom floor, that is filled with money. She invites a priest, Father Pritchet (Kevin Geer) over to her house, and donates the money to the church. She asks him to bless her house, and he tells her that he can't do it. After he leaves, the ghost Mike seals up the house, and throws furniture at Marnie. She escapes, and phones Joey. He tells her he will come over, but she says he better don't. He arrives at her house, and begins to shout to let him in. She throws the keys down, and he enters. They make love, and in the morning, Mike appears, and attacks Joey, breaking his bones. Marnie hides Joey in the crawlspace, as Shanks arrives, demanding to know why Joey is hitting her. She tells him to leave, as Joey's corpse falls into the hallway. He arrests her for Joey's murder, just as Mike sends her flying across the room. Shanks notices this, and Mike attacks him too. He tells Mike to stay away from Marnie, but Mike sets the house on fire, and throws them both into the basement. Marnie takes off her ring and throws it into the furnace, finally destroying Mike's ghost. Shanks tells her to escape, and she gets on a bus to leave New York forever, while he tells people that she died in the fire. 
 Bad Lieutenant (1992)541) While investigating a young nun's rape, a corrupt New York City police detective, with a serious drug and gambling addiction, tries to change his ways and find forgiveness and redemption. A police Lieutenant goes about his daily tasks of investigating homicides, but is more interested in pursuing his vices. He has accumulated a massive debt betting on baseball, and he keeps doubling to try to recover. His bookies are beginning to get agitated. The Lieutenant does copious amounts of drugs, cavorts with prostitutes, and uses his status to take advantage of teenage girls. While investigating a nun's rape, he begins to reflect on his lifestyle. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> In New York, a corrupt and abusive NYPD Lieutenant is addicted in drugs and gambling and has a great debt with a shark. He takes advantage of his authority to make deals with drug dealers and criminals to get drugs and dirty money and his bookmaker advises him that he owes money to dangerous people. When a nun is brutally raped by two youngsters, the Lieutenant chases the criminals but the nun tells him that she had forgiven the punks. The Lieutenant is affected by her religious principles and asks Jesus to help him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A police lieutenant has gone bad: his gambling addiction has left him owing heaps of money to some shady characters, he is severely drug-addicted and he is not above stealing drugs from evidence or not returning stolen cash to victims of robberies. Then he investigates a case that makes him think about his attitude and beliefs. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In New York City, "Lieutenant", also known as "LT" (Harvey Keitel) drives his two young sons from their house to their Catholic elementary school in the Bronx, and instructs them to curse at their Aunt Wendy, who "hogged" the bathroom for over one hour and made them late. Afterward, he snorts cocaine before reporting to the scene of a double-murder of two women inside their automobile. Lieutenant takes bets from his colleagues on an upcoming baseball playoff series between the New York Mets and the Los Angeles Dodgers, and places a large bet for himself. Sometime later, the Lieutenant visits a drug dealer who owes him money, and takes some of his cocaine until the man can pay his debt. At night, Lieutenant goes to another apartment where he does drugs and has sex with two women named Adriane and Bowtay. Next, LT goes to a liquor store, where an officer from his precinct is trying to settle a dispute between the store owner and two young black men he claims stole money from his register. Lieutenant instructs the officer to take the store owner to the station to write a report. When left alone, he orders the young men to return the stolen money, which he keeps, and allows them to leave without being arrested. Afterward, Lieutenant visits another woman, named Zoe, and uses more drugs with her by smoking heroin. Meanwhile, at a Catholic church in Spanish Harlem, two men rape a nun on the altar. When Lieutenant learns of the crime, he insults the Catholic Church, although he claims to be a Catholic himself. He is more concerned with the bets his colleagues have made with him, and encourages them to place additional bets instead of taking their winnings. Sometime later, Lieutenant goes to the hospital where the nun is being examined. He watches her through the door, but leaves without speaking to her. Later that night, he pulls over two young girls driving with a broken taillight. When they admit to stealing their father's automobile and driving without a license, Lieutenant sexually harasses them. Threatening arrest, he orders one girl to lift her skirt, and demands the other simulate oral sex, while he stands outside their vehicle and masturbates. He zips up his pants and without a further word gets in his automobile and drives away. Strung out on drugs, the Lieutenant goes to the church where the rape occurred, but leaves when he finds fellow detectives conducting their investigation. As the sun comes up, Lieutenant snorts more cocaine and drinks from a flask as he drives around and listens to a baseball game on the radio. When the Mets lose, he becomes furious and shoots the radio, then places a flashing light on top of his car and turns on the siren as a distraction. He drives erratically, cursing the losing team. The Lieutenant attends a church where his daughter takes her first communion, and is approached by his bookie, asking for $30,000 he owes in gambling debts. However, Lieutenant refuses to pay, insisting on doubling his wager on the next game. Sometime later, Lieutenant overhears the nun telling her priest that she knows the young men who assaulted her, but refuses to name them, as they are "good boys" who attend Catholic school, and she feels sympathy for them. The Lieutenant watches the next baseball game at a bar, and his gambling debt skyrockets when the Mets lose again. Meanwhile, the Nun gives a public statement about her ordeal but then shocks the press when she says that she will not press charges against the two thugs who broke in and raped her and stole from the church because of her Catholic belief in God and His capacity for forgiveness. She tells the press that she has forgiven the men who raped her. Angered by the Nun's refusal to cooperate with the investigation, the New York Archbishop and the Police Commissioner announce a $50,000 reward to the person or group who finds and captures the two men who raped the Nun. The Lieutenant hears about the reward and realizes it would solve most of his debt problems. The Lieutenant goes to a disco and does more drugs, then insists that his bookie place a $120,000 bet for him on the next playoff game. Lieutenant continues his bender, and goes to the home of a drug dealer who owes him money. The young man repays his $30,000 debt, and worries about the detective's state of mind. Lieutenant carries the box of cash to his vehicle with his gun drawn. Visiting his lover, Zoe, once again he shoots up heroin and hallucinates seeing Jesus Christ nailed to the cross. Sometime later, the Lieutenant visits the Nun at the church, but when he promises her justice if she names her assailants, she tells him she has already forgiven the young men. When he warns that the perpetrators could rape other nuns, she instructs Lieutenant to pray on the matter. After she leaves, Lieutenant falls to the church floor and wails. He sees Jesus Christ standing before him, curses God, and throws a rosary at the hallucination. Lieutenant laments his life, accusing God of abandoning him. Through screams and tears, he apologizes for his many sins, and begs God for forgiveness. When the illusion disappears, Lieutenant finds himself kissing the feet of an old black woman. He leaves the church with her where she tells him who raped the nun from a brass chalet. The woman says that on the previous day, two Hispanic youths came into the pawn shop where her husband works and attempted to pawn a chalet for cash, which the woman recognized as being from the very same church because she is a regular attendee. The elderly black woman takes the Lieutenant down the street and points out the apartment building where the two thugs reside since they also gave their address when they pawned the stolen items from the church. The Lieutenant goes to a drug house down the street from the church to arrest the two Hispanics who raped the Nun. Handcuffing the youths, he holds them at gunpoint and smokes "crack" with them, while watching the baseball game on television. The Mets finally win, but Lieutenant does not react to the good news. He escorts the youths to Port Authority Bus Terminal, cursing them along the way. He forces them to board a bus and never return, and gives them his box with the $30,000 and tells the two punks that he forgives them for raping the Nun. As the bus pulls away, Lieutenant lets out a wail, and walks away in tears. The Lieutenant drives aimlessly around the city in the middle of the day, and after parking his unmarked vehicle in front of Penn Station, a man drives by, shouts "Hey, Cop!!" and shoots him. The car with the mob flunky speeds away as a crowd gathers around the Lieutenant's parked car, with the dead Lieutenant still inside. 
 The Last House on the Left (1972)761) Two teenage girls heading to a rock concert for one's birthday try to score marijuana in the city, where they are kidnapped and brutalized by a gang of psychopathic convicts. On the eve of her seventeenth birthday, Mari Collingwood tells her parents that she is going to the concert of underground band Bloodlust in New York with her friend Phyllis Stone. She borrows the family's car and heads with her friend to a dangerous neighborhood in the city. Meanwhile, the sadistic and cruel escapees Krug Stillo and Fred 'Weasel' Podowski are hidden in a hideout with their partners Sadie (Jeramie Rain) and Krug's addicted son Junior Stillo (Marc Sheffler) after killing two guards and one shepherd in their runaway. The two girls seek marijuana near the theater and meet Junior that offers some Colombian grass to them. They go to his apartment and are subdued by the criminals that rape Phyllis. On the next morning, they hide the girls in the trunk of their convertible and head to Canada. However, they have a problem with the car's rod and they stop on the road close to Mari's house. When Phyllis tries to escape, the gang stabs her to death and shots Mari after humiliating and raping them. They seek shelter in Mari's home, but during the night, her mother overhears a conversation of the criminals telling that they have killed her daughter. She tells her husband and they plot a scheme to revenge the death of their princess. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil On their way to a concert, Mari and her best friend become the victims of merciless convicts who take them into the woods and submit them to physical, mental and sexual torture, unaware of the impending vengeful retaliation Mari's parents will unleash upon them. Last House On the Left, was one of the most disturbing movies of its genre. The movie poster read, "Just keep telling yourself, "It's only a movie, it's only a movie, it's only a movie." Most of the viewers that saw this film were of high school age, usually under the influence of some type of drug, weed, hashish, LSD, etc. There were numerous people who left or walked out in disgust. It had a very cult following, Hollywood released a remake of Wes Craven's original under the same title. Sean Cunningham went on to start his own horror genre with, "Friday the 13th" which cemented both directors' careers in the macabre horror film industry. dbondick-219-916634 Mari and Phyllis go to the "big city" to see their favorite band BloodLust. Along the way they meet up with newly escaped convict Krug and his gang. Paul D. Geiser <pgeiser@freenet.columbus.oh.us> After kidnapping and butchering two teenagers, a gang of rapists and murderers unknowingly seeks refuge with the parents of one of the victims. Mystic80 & Helltopay27 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mari Collingwood (Sandra Cassel) plans to celebrate her 17th birthday by attending a rock concert in New York City with her friend, Phyllis Stone (Lucy Grantham). Her parents express concern both at the band Bloodlust and Mari's friendship with Phyllis, who is implied to be of a lower social class. They let her go, however, and give her a gift before she leaves: a peace symbol necklace. On the way to the city, Mari and Phyllis hear a radio report of a recent prison break, involving violent criminals by the names of Krug Stillo (David A. Hess), his drug-addicted teenage son Junior (Marc Sheffler), Krug's slutish bisexual girlfriend Sadie (Jeramie Rain) and Krug's cousin and partner-in-crime Fred "Weasel" Podowski (Fred J. Lincoln). Upon arrival in the city, Mari and Phyllis stroll the streets, seeking someone who might sell marijuana. Eventually, they run into Junior, who leads them back to Sadie's apartment, where the two teenage girls are immediately entrapped by the criminals. Phyllis, who resists, is punched in the stomach and gang raped by Krug and Weasel, as Mari watches in horror. Mari's parents, meanwhile, prepare a surprise party for her. The next morning, the girls are locked in a car trunk and driven to the countryside as the gang intends to leave the state. The villains' vehicle breaks down right in front of Mari's house while the cops are talking to Mari's parents about her disappearance. Unable to get their car fixed, they drag the kidnapped girls into the woods. Removed from the trunk, Phyllis is beaten after biting Krug's hand. Mari, bound and gagged, realizes that they are coincidentally right near her own home. As she is helplessly dragged to the woods, her parents sit inside with two bumbling local police officers who assure them that Mari is probably fine. The officers disregard the gang's broken-down car when driving back to the police station. In the woods, the girls are untied and subjected to several tortures, including Phyllis forced to urinate into her own jeans, then stripping herself completely naked followed by stripping Mari completely naked as the gang watches. At the police station, the bumbling police officers eventually realize their mistake in disregarding the car in front of the Collingwoods' home and quickly set out. Their car breaks down en route, however, and the cops unsuccessfully try to hitch a ride with a group of hippies and a Mammy chicken farmer. After Phyllis and Mari are forced to have sex with each other, Sadie molests Mari. Phyllis whispers to Mari she will make a break for it to distract the kidnappers and thus, offer Mari an opportunity to escape. Phyllis takes off, chased by Sadie and Weasel, while Junior stays behind to guard Mari, who makes a desperate attempt to convince the troubled addict that he doesn't need to listen to his abusive father because Dr. Collingwood, her father, can help him instead. She also gives him her peace symbol necklace as a symbol of her trust. Meanwhile, Phyllis is eventually cornered at a cemetery, where Weasel stabs her in the back. The defeated Phyllis attempts to crawl away, but the gang inevitably catches up with her and repeatedly stab and disembowel her. Mari eventually convinces Junior to let her go, though their timing is too late, as they are immediately halted by Krug. He presents Phyllis' severed hand and proceeds to carve his name into Mari's chest before sexually violating her. Following this act, Mari, sick from the shock of being raped, vomits and then walks in a daze over to the nearby lake. Krug shoots at Mari and her body floats on the top of the lake. Seemingly shocked by their own actions that has led to the death of their two hostages, Krug, Junior, Sadie and Weasel wash up and change out of their bloody clothes. In their formal new attire, the gang shows up at the Collingwoods' home, masquerading as traveling salesmen. Mari's parents agree to let them stay overnight. However, Junior exposes their identity, when his heroin withdrawal symptoms cause him to end up vomiting in the bathroom, where Mari's mother, Estelle, sees Mari's peace symbol necklace dangling around his neck. Later that night she listens in on the gang while they are spending the night in Mari's bedroom and finds blood-soaked clothing in their luggage. She and Dr. Collingwood rush out into the woods, where the couple finds Mari's body by the lake, still barely breathing, and place it on their couch for consolement. Outside, Estelle has duped Weasel into a sex game, which concludes with her biting off the criminal's genitals. Weasel collapses in agony. Inside the house, Dr. Collingwood carries his shotgun into his daughter's bedroom, where two of the criminals are sleeping. Krug turns out the lights, and gets gazed on the arm by the shotgun blast. Krug escapes into the living room and overpowers the doctor, but the criminal is then confronted by his own son, who now brandishes a firearm. Junior threatens to kill his father. However, Krug psychologically manipulates the already troubled young man, and Junior commits suicide with the weapon. As soon as Krug notices that Dr. Collingwood is missing, the doctor runs into the basement and attacks Krug with a chainsaw. Dr. Collingwood continues approaching Krug with the chainsaw, as the sheriff arrives and pleads with the doctor not to go through with it. Dr. Collingwood murders Krug with the chainsaw anyway by beheading him. Sadie runs outside to escape, where she trips and drops her weapon. Estelle tackles Sadie, and after a struggle, Sadie punches Estelle but trips once again and falls into the family's swimming pool. Estelle grabs Sadie's switchblade knife, catches up with Sadie and slits her throat. All four of the criminals now lay dead; Weasel lays by the lake's edge having bled to death; Sadie is floating face down in the pool; Junior in the house beside a wall with the back of his head blown out; and the beheaded Krug also lays nearby as well. The shaken and exhausted couple reunites in their living room in their blood-spattered clothes as the police look at the family and their four murdered guests. 