nm0007108:

 Trifling with Fate (2000)Summaries While their muse is in mourning, two novelists -- unable to work -- contemplate infidelity. Starring Bridget Moynahan as Fame. "Unafraid to be both smart and silly" - Lisa Nesselson, Variety. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Welcome to Hollywood (1998)Summaries A young actor struggling to make it in Hollywood is noticed by a film director, whose main focus is directly on him accomplishing his goal. A film director (Adam Rifkin) decides to chart the course of a young actor (Tony Markes) as he tries to make it in Hollywood. Attempts to get him noticed and placed in roles meet with failure. A guest role on "Baywatch" ends when he steps on a stingray and has to be hospitalized. The filmmaker's frustration is multiplied by the fact that the original actor (David Andriole) he had selected and who had to drop out of the project because of a studio commitment, meets success and constantly crops up in roles where the second actor is struggling for his break. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Gentleman's Game (2002)211) A drama revolving around characters whose lives are transformed one summer at an exclusive East Coast country club. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Timmy Price is a perhaps 14 year old boy from an upper class neighborhood. His father (Dylan Baker) plays golf but never teaches his son a thing about the game, and when Timmy tries to hit the ball, his father has nothing kind to say about his attempts. Timmy tries hard to please his father to no avail. The Foxchase Country Club that his father belongs to is a little piece of heaven on earth, and the members of the club are all seemingly upstanding gentlemen. At his father's suggestion, Timmy lands a job as a caddy at the country club where he gradually learns the rules of the game. He makes friends with other caddies including a boy named Jamie Bryne (Justin Goncalves) and slowly learns that the country club is not the paradise it seems. Timmy begins to golf on his own and shows promise. Timmy learns through another club member of a former amateur champion Foster Pearse (Gary Sinese) who gave the golf game up immediately after his first win. His father takes Timmy to meet him. He asks Foster to coach Timmy, who has "a kink at the top of his swing." Foster turns him down at first. Timmy returns on his own and uses the beach as his driving range. The former champion grudgingly shows some respect as he watches Timmy hit ball after ball for the pure pleasure of hitting. Foster offers key suggestions that help improve Timmy's swing, and Timmy gradually draws attention as he begins to golf and consistently lowers his handicap to par. He enters the Junior Championship and bests the previous champion, winning the tournament. Timmy covets the trophy and tells Foster that he wants to win more trophies. Foster finally reveals to Timmy that he gave up the game because he didn't earn the single trophy he won in his only championship tournament. He tells Timmy that he began the game with a Titleist 1 and ended it with a Titleist 3. On the 17th hole he could not find his ball in the rough, and rather than take the stroke penalty and lose the match, he dropped another ball. Sick and mad at himself on the way home, he purposely drove off the road and was seriously injured in the accident. He encourages Timmy to see that there is more to the game than merely winning. Jamie, one of Timmy's caddy friends, is invited by one of the club members Richard Norton (Greg Wood) to his home for swimming, where he molests Jamie. The member threatens to get Jamie's alcoholic father (Michael Della Femina) fired if he tells anyone. When Jamie tells his father, his father sides with Mr. Norton. At the Gala celebrating TImmy and his father's win of the club's father/son championship, Jamie finds his father's gun and shoots up Mr. Norton's Rolls Royce Jamie never caddies again and his father is fired from his job at the club because judges, the district attorney, and a Congressmen are members. Timmy goes on to play the game for the pure love of the sport, joining other regular golfers at first light to chase the ball for the enjoyment of the game. 
 Pacific Blue (19962000)Summaries Bicycle officers patrol Santa Monica, California. This flashy cop series is all about the bicycle patrol of the Santa Monica Police Department, in which the officers and their flashy equipment are as young and casual as their work area, mainly the beach, and as agile and well-trained on their bikes as traditional mounted police on horseback. The bulk of their work is prevention and petty crime, such as pickpockets and purse-snatchers, but of course the more spectacular atypical cases, often one-offs, sometimes even involving the FBI, get extra attention. No less attention is paid to the relationships between all these hotshots (some change during the series), young and ambitious, sexy and horny, so there's lots of temptation, amorous and professional rivalry, conflicting personal and professional interests. Of course this causes most worries for their commanding Lieutenant, usually the one who has to deal with the regular hierarchy above him, originally Anthony Palermo, later on the very former rookie who long gave him most cause for concern, Terence "T.C." Callaway. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 