nm0011125:

 The Man with One Red Shoe (1985)44) A man picked randomly out of a crowd is made the target of CIA survelliance and pursuit. Cooper, the deputy director of the CIA, wants to be the director. So, he tries to make it appear that the director is corrupt so that he will resign or be removed. The director appears before a committee and asks for some time to prepare his defense. The director goes home and asks his man Brown to join him. He then shows Brown that Cooper is bugging him. That's when he decides to turn the tables on Cooper by feeding him some false information. And that information is that there's a man, who might be able to clear him of the charges against him, will be arriving at the airport, so he tells Brown to meet him. The Director tells Brown to just pick someone who is arriving at the airport thus making Cooper believe that he is the man who can help the director. Brown picks Richard cause he is wearing mismatched shoes, one of them being red. So Cooper sets up surveillance on Richard and sends his femme fatale, Maddy to come on to him and find out what he knows. While Maddy is playing, Richard actually falls for her. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> In order to send the CIA on a wild goose chase, Richard is picked out of an airport crowd because of his distinctive odd shoes (one red). With the CIA following every move he makes, the bad guys get some breathing space. One of his CIA followers is the beautiful Maddy. She uses all the tricks to try to get information out of him, but she doesn't count on falling for him. Rob Hartill When Richard's practical joking friend Morris hides all but 2 mismatched shoes, he is forced to wear one red shoe back from a trip. A CIA man has to set his watchers on someone and seeing that one eye catcher, fingers Richard as a courier. This excessively complicates his life. Morris is especially hard hit by this as the sudden appearance and disappearance of people and things causes him to wonder about his sanity. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Enforcer (1976)761) San Francisco Inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan must foil a terrorist organization made up of disgruntled Vietnam veterans. But this time, he's teamed with female partner Inspector Kate Moore, with whom he's not too excited to be working. A threatening terrorist group called "The People's Revolutionary Strike Force" demand a ransom to be paid, otherwise they plan to blow the city apart. While Inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan (Clint Eastwood) is in limbo following his unorthodox method during a robbery, he's sent to dispatch the terrorist group, by playing their game. This time, he has a new partner, Inspector Kate Moore (Tyne Daly), which might prove the task to be somewhat more difficult than ever, unless the two can work together. Three years after the events in Magnum Force (1973) , the tough San Francisco police officer, Inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan, finds himself up against a group of ruthless terrorists that call themselves the "People's Revolutionary Strike Force". As the armed-to-the-teeth militant team of rebels embark on a reign of terror, declaring war on the city with their stolen explosive devices and rocket launchers, a reprimanded Callahan has no other choice but to grudgingly team up with the recently promoted officer, Inspector Kate Moore. Once more, the mayor is in grave danger, and Harry will have to play even dirtier than before to get results. But, first, he has to get used to working with a woman. Will the terrorists blow the entire city to smithereens, or will they get a taste of the Enforcer's raw force of justice? Nick Riganas A terrorist group pulls off a massive arms heist, killing Inspector Harry Callahan's partner in the process. He is assigned a new partner, a rookie female Inspector whose previous experience was in Personnel. None of this sits very well with Harry but he has no time to dwell on this as the terrorists' targets and methods become more clear and he must track them down. grantss Following a reprimand from his superiors for his somewhat destructive approach to his work, San Francisco Inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan (Clint Eastwood) finds his new partner to be female. Though none too pleased with this, the job has to come first. In this case, the city is being held for ransom following an arms robbery by a gang prepared to blow up the toilets in the Police station. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} When San Francisco Inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan (Clint Eastwood) ends a liquor store hold-up by doing things in his usual hard-boiled manner, his bleeding-heart boss, Captain McKay (Bradford Dillman) demotes Harry to the Personnel Division. But Harry doesn't remain there for long, as a group of terrorists robs an arms warehouse and begins a bloody extortion spree demanding two million dollars from the city. Harry is paired with Inspector Kate Moore (Tyne Daly) to shut the terrorists down. Callahan is none too thrilled to be paired with Moore, but she more than proves herself when she and Harry pursue the terrorists to their hideout in the old prison of Alcatraz. Derek O'Cain Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scenes, a beautiful hitchhiker, Miki (Joselyn Jones), entices two Western Gas & Electric servicemen to a remote cabin in Mill Valley, California, where they are both killed by a radical militant named Bobby Maxwell (Deverne Bookwalter). In San Francisco, California, Inspector 'Dirty Harry' Callahan (Clint Eastwood) and his partner, Frank DiGeorgio (John Mitchum), respond to a hostage standoff at a liquor store. Held at gunpoint, Harry agrees to the thieves' demand for a police car, then speeds his vehicle through the store window and shoots and kills the three assailants. Back at the police station, Captain McKay (Bradford Dillman) reprimands Harry for "excessive use of force" and transfers the inspector to the personnel department. Harry grudgingly saunters into an examination board for hopeful inspectors, where a representative from the mayor's office, Mrs. Grey (Jan Stratton), announces that she is monitoring the board to ensure affirmative action. When Harry grills applicant Kate Moore (Tyne Daly) about her inexperience, Mrs. Grey accuses him of intimidation. That night, Bobby Maxwell and his militant organization, which includes Miki the hitchhiker, drive the stolen Western Gas & Electric truck to the Hamilton Firearms Co., planning to rob the arsenal to for the sake of "the people." After killing an elderly security guard, the group loads weapons and U.S. military Light Anti-Tank Weapon (LAW) rockets into the truck, but DiGeorgio and his new police partner arrive to investigate. As Maxwell stabs DiGeorgio in the back, the officer misfires and hits Miki. Although Maxwell's minion, Lalo (Michael Cavanaugh), tries to save Miki, Maxwell shoots her dead. The group steals off with the contraband, running over DiGeorgio's partner in the process. Harry and his colleague Lt. Bressler (Harry Guardino) rush to the hospital, where DiGeorgio reports with his dying words that the attacker was a pimp that he and Harry questioned in an unsolved murder years earlier. Back at the police station, Capt. McKay receives a cassette tape from Maxwell's group, which identifies itself as the 'People's Revolutionary Strike Force' and threatens to blow up buildings around the city unless they are paid $1 million. McKay, who believes the Strike Force is composed of black militants, reinstates Harry to the homicide division to work the case. Harry notes that Miki, who was found dead at the crime scene, was a known prostitute, and argues that the killer is a pimp, as DiGeorgio reported. Harry is chagrined to discover that his new partner is Kate Moore, the young woman he interrogated at the inspector interview. When Harry and Kate attend a LAW rocket demonstration, Harry pulls the naive Kate away from the launcher's backfire, saving her life. The inspectors then visit the coroner's office to learn that DiGeorgio's murderer used killing techniques indicative of Special Forces servicemen in the Vietnam War. As Kate grows squeamish and runs outside, a bomb detonates in the building's bathroom, prompting Harry and Kate to chase a Strike Force operative named Henry Lee Caldwell (Tim Burris), whom Harry vaguely recognized on his way inside. During the pursuit, Caldwell drops his briefcase in a dumpster, but Kate retrieves it as Harry follows the militant across apartment rooftops. Caldwell falls through a skylight, lands on the set of a pornographic film and gets away until Harry detains him at a church. Sometime later, Harry delivers the dynamite that was stashed in Caldwell's briefcase to Lt. Bressler, who reports that the "suspect" is a member of the black militant group Uhuru, lead by Big Ed Mustapha (Alpert Popwell). Harry and Kate visit Mustapha's headquarters, where Kate fends off aggressive men while Harry learns that Caldwell left Uhuru to "go white," joining the criminal organization of a fellow Vietnam veteran. Noticing that Mustapha's office is filled with stolen artifacts, Harry threatens to bust the radical leader for robbery unless he provides information about Caldwell's organization. Mustapha negotiates for the prison release of an Uhuru member, then reviews Harry's list of names which includes all of the pimps that he and DiGeorgio once interviewed; Mustapha identifies Bobby Maxwell as Caldwell's new leader. After Harry and Kate leave, Capt. McKay, Lt. Bressler and a SWAT team surround Mustapha's building and load Uhuru members into a paddy wagon. Later, McKay strategies with the mayor to credit Harry and Kate to for the Uhuru arrests, noting that the commendation of a female inspector will impress the electorate. When Harry realizes that Uhuru is being blamed for Hamilton Firearms Co. theft, as well as the ensuing threat of violence and the blackmail, which has now been increased to $2 million, he refuses to participate in the publicity stunt. As Harry states his case to the mayor (John Crawford), McKay suspends him and Kate runs after her partner, offering support. Harry lets down his guard, reporting that Maxwell, their primary suspect, will be impossible to find without Mustapha, and Kate suggests they post Mustapha's bail. Sometime later, Maxwell's Strike Force kidnaps the mayor after a San Francisco Giants baseball game by ambushing his limousine and raising the China Basin Bridge so he cannot escape. That evening, Maxwell's girl friend and second in command, Wanda (Samantha Doane), telephones a local radio station to announce the Strike Force's demands, leaving a cassette tape in the phone booth. After listening to the tape, which sets a $5 million ransom for the mayor, Capt. McKay and Lt. Bressler find Harry in a pool hall and demand cooperation, but Harry refuses their plan to negotiate with the terrorists. Harry later meets with Mustapha, who identifies the Strike Force and leads him to Wanda, who works as a masseuse. At the massage parlor, which fronts as a brothel, Harry learns that Wanda has left her job to become involved with a church, lead by Father John (M.G. Kelly). Kate later briefs Harry about the militant, radical priest, who gave rehabilitation seminars at San Quentin State Prison while Maxwell was an inmate. At John's church, Harry bullies the priest for information as Wanda, dressed as a nun, aims her gun from behind; however, Kate appears in the pews and shoots Wanda dead, saving her partner's life. Distressed by the violence, Father John tells the detectives that the mayor is being held hostage at Alcatraz. The inspectors take a boat to the abandoned prison island and a gunfight ensues. After finding the mayor and shooting his captor, Kate shields the politician from Maxwell and his henchmen. As she reunites with Harry, she warns her partner that Maxwell is aiming from behind and is caught in the crossfire, herself. As Kate dies, she urges Harry to carry on without her. Although Maxwell resumes control of the mayor and leads him up an observation tower, Harry pursues them from a distance with a LAW rocket. As Maxwell leaves the mayor on a lower floor to look for Harry from the top, Harry launches the rocket and kills Maxwell. Disinterested in the pompus mayor's promise of commendation, Harry stands over Kate's body as Capt. McKay arrives by helicopter. Unaware that the standoff has ended, McKay announces to Maxwell that he is delivering the Strike Force's $5 million ransom. 
 The Outlaw Josey Wales (1976)541) Missouri farmer Josey Wales joins a Confederate guerrilla unit and winds up on the run from the Union soldiers who murdered his family. Josey Wales (Clint Eastwood) makes his way west after the Civil War, determined to live a useful and helpful life. He joins up with a group of settlers who need the protection that a man as tough and experienced as he is can provide. Unfortunately, the past has a way of catching up with you, and Josey is a wanted man. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Josey Wales (Clint Eastwood) is a Southerner whose entire family were killed by a sadistic Union officer. He joins a band of guerrilla fighters who manage to avoid being captured. After the end of the war, they refuse to surrender, but their leader, Fletcher (John Vernon), negotiates a surrender allowing his men amnesty. Josey, however, refuses to join them. After his men arrive, they're executed. But when they learn that Josey is still out there, they order him hunted down and the man they send to get him is the man who killed his family. He eventually runs into a group of settlers and helps them get settled and negotiates a peaceful co-existence with the Indians. But he has a price on his head, and every bounty hunter is out to get it. rcs0411@yahoo.com Josey Wales (Clint Eastwood) is a peaceful farmer in the days near the end of the Civil War. After his house is burned and his family murdered, he hardens into a human bullet, dedicated to destroying the renegades who took his "life". He joins a band of unreconstructed rebel guerilla fighters who continue to fight the Union, even after the official surrender of the Confederacy, an action which makes them, legally, outlaws. Josey is driven by vengeance, but after a while, that's not enough. Back before his own personal Holocaust, he had been a builder, of home, family, farm, and life. And no matter how much ice he's wrapped himself in, down inside there's still the soul of a living man. While Wales exists, he's pulled by this hidden yearning to live. Each day offers him chances to remember, to assuage his yearning, to begin again. And the movie shows us how Josey Wales, a mere seeker of vengeance, learns to live again, rededicated to the values he chose so long ago. John Withrow <withrow@withrow-software.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Josey Wales, a Missouri farmer, is driven to revenge by the murder of his wife and son by a band of pro-Union Jayhawkers - Senator James H. Lane's Redlegs from Kansas. Wales joins a group of pro-Confederate Missouri Bushwhackers led by William T. Anderson. At the conclusion of the war, Captain Fletcher persuades the guerrillas to surrender, saying they have been granted amnesty. Wales refuses to surrender. As a result, he and one young man are the only survivors when Captain Terrill's Redlegs massacre the surrendering men. Wales intervenes and guns down several Redlegs with a Gatling gun. Senator Lane puts a $5,000 bounty on Wales, who is now on the run from Union militia and bounty hunters. Along the way, despite wishing to be left alone, he accumulates a diverse group of companions. They include an old Cherokee named Lone Watie, a young Navajo woman, and an elderly woman from Kansas and her granddaughter whom Wales rescued from Comancheros. In Texas, Wales and his companions are cornered in a ranch house which is fortified to withstand Indian raids. The Redlegs attack but are gunned down by the defenders. Wales, despite being out of ammunition, pursues the fleeing Captain Terrill on horseback. When he catches him, Wales dry fires his pistols through all twenty-four empty chambers before stabbing Terrill with his own cavalry sword. At the bar in Santa Rio, a wounded Wales finds Fletcher with two Texas Rangers. The locals at the bar, who refer to Wales as "Mr. Wilson," tell the Rangers that Wales was killed in a shoot-out in Monterrey, Mexico. The Rangers accept this story and move on. Fletcher pretends he does not recognize Wales, and says that he will go to Mexico and look for Wales himself. Seeing the blood dripping on Wales's boot, Fletcher says that he will give Wales the first move, because he "owes him that." Wales rides off. 
 The Long Goodbye (1973)55) Private investigator Philip Marlowe helps a friend out of a jam, but in doing so gets implicated in his wife's murder. In the middle of the night, private eye Philip Marlowe drives his friend Terry Lennox to the Mexican border. When Marlowe returns home police are waiting for him and learns that Terry's wife Sylvia has been killed. He's arrested as an accessory but released after a few days and is told the case is closed since Terry Lennox has seemingly committed suicide in Mexico. Marlowe is visited by mobster Marty Augustine who wants to know what happened to the $350,000 Lennox was supposed to deliver for him. Meanwhile, Marlowe is hired by Eileen Wade to find her husband Roger who has a habit of disappearing when he wants to dry out but she can't find him in any any of his usual haunts. He finds him at Dr. Veringer's clinic and brings him. It soon becomes obvious to Marlowe that Terry's death, the Wades and Augustine are all somehow interconnected. Figuring out just what those connections are however will be anything but easy. garykmcd Philip Marlowe is a chain smoking Los Angeles private investigator, quick with a one liner, and fiercely loyal to his friends. It is that loyalty which makes Philip grant the request of his long time friend Terry Lennox when Terry shows up on his doorstep late one evening: immediately drive him to the US-Mexico border into Tijuana. The next morning, Philip learns from LAPD that Terry's wife, Sylvia, has been murdered, Terry the primary suspect. Held in jail as an accessory to murder as he does not tell the police anything about his and Terry's latest encounter, Philip is released three days later as the police further tell him that Terry is dead by an apparent suicide in Mexico. Philip neither believes Terry murdered Sylvia or committed suicide. Not fully by his own choice, Philip gets further embroiled in Terry's story. Philip is visited by gangster Marty Augustine and his associates, who believe Philip has or knows where "his" money is that Terry had. Before that visit, Philip is hired by Eileen Wade to locate her husband, author Roger Wade, who has been missing for a week, who has a penchant for over-imbibing, and who has a violent streak when he's drunk as witnessed by the bruise on Mrs. Wade's face. As she believed, Philip is able to locate him in one of the region's many high end private detox clinics, those where he often frequents after especially destructive drunken sprees. It's the casual acquaintanceship the Wades had with the Lennoxes about which Eileen admits to Philip that Philip later learns is much more that makes Philip believe the Wades are also tied into the death of the Lennoxes in some manner, either directly or indirectly. Philip has to tie the pieces together, including discovering what happened to Augustine's money, before Augustine makes good on his threat against him. Huggo Private investigator Philip Marlowe is approached by a friend, Terry Lennox, who is in a bit of a jam. Marlowe helps him get to Mexico but the next day his friend's wife turns up dead. The police hold Marlowe but then release him once Terry Lennox is found dead in Mexico - suicide. To the cops it is an open-and-shut case of murder-suicide but Marlowe doesn't believe that to be the case. Marlowe then is hired by the wife of wealthy author Roger Wade to find her husband. The Wades were neighbours of the Lennoxes. A powerful mob boss also leans on him to find the large sum of money Terry Lennox was transporting for him. Could all these events be connected? grantss Chain-smoking, wisecracking private eye Philip Marlowe drives a buddy from LA to the Tijuana border and returns home to an apartment full of cops who arrest him for abetting the murder of his friend's wife. After Marlowe's release, following the reported suicide in Mexico of his friend, a beautiful woman hires him to locate her alcoholic and mercurial husband. Then, a hoodlum and his muscle visit to tell Marlowe that he owes $350,000, mob money the dead friend took to Mexico. Marlowe tails the hood, who goes to the house of the woman with the temperamental husband. As Marlowe pulls these threads together, his values emerge from beneath the cavalier wisecracking. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 