nm0004169:

 Jane the Virgin (20142019)Summaries A young, devout Catholic woman discovers that she was accidentally artificially inseminated. Jane is a religious young Latina who is a waitress in a hotel in Miami. Her life takes a big turn for the unexpected when her doctor (Dr. Luisa Alver) mistakenly artificially inseminates her during her checkup. Jane's mother Xiomara, who became pregnant with Jane at a very young age, and is scared that Jane will be destroying her life by deciding to bring the baby to full term, while Jane's traditional religious Latina grandmother, Alba, encourages Jane to do what she chooses. The biological father is a married man named Rafael Solano, who is a cancer survivor and a former playboy. He is the new owner of the hotel where Jane works, and was her former teenage crush. Petra, Rafael's amoral and scheming wife, learns of the mistake and plots her own agenda. Petra is also involved in an affair with Roman Zazo, Rafael's best friend, who is under investigation by Jane's police detective boyfriend, Michael Cordero, and who also deals with Jane's unexpected condition in his own way. Meanwhile, the doctor who inseminated Jane, Dr. Luisa Alver, who is Rafael's younger sister, is distraught over learning that her wife cheated on her and left her. Elsewhere, Rogelio de la Vega, a famous TV star and, unbeknownst to her, Jane's biological father, shows up to wanting to make contact with Xiomara, unaware of Jane's existence. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Orville (2017 )Summaries An exploratory ship from Earth faces intergalactic challenges 400 years in the future. Set 400 years in the future, the show follows the adventures of the Orville, a not-so-top-of-the-line exploratory ship in Earth's interstellar Fleet. Facing cosmic challenges from without and within, this motley crew of space explorers will boldly go where no comedic drama has gone before. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 What's Love Got to Do with It (1993)Summaries The story of singer Tina Turner 's rise to stardom and how she gained the courage to break free from her abusive husband, Ike Turner . Anna Mae Bullock always had a special voice. Soon after arriving in St. Louis to live with the mother who had walked out when she was small, she soon attracts the attention of pop group leader Ike Turner. She becomes his band's singer, his wife, and mother to his children - not all hers. In love with him and determined not to leave in the way her mother had, she finds herself the target of increasing violence from him who can't see who is making his band such a success. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Chronicles the career of rock singer Tina Turner from the time she met musician-songwriter Ike Turner until the launch of her solo career in the early 1980s. Contains faithful reenactments of stage performances by Ike and Tina Turner - whose turbulent relationship eventually forces Tina to leave and face her fear, pay the price and find the courage to believe in herself. Based on the autobiography of Tina Turner, ''I, Tina''. Robert Rutter <rjr@sparks.uucp> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 9-1-1: Lone Star (2020 )Summaries A New York firefighter relocates to Austin, Texas with his son, where he works to save people's lives while trying to solve his own personal problems. When almost the entire crew of Fire House 126 in Austin, Texas, is wiped out in a fertilizer storage explosion during a fire, Owen Strand of the NYFD is offered the command of the station to rebuild it with an eye for a more diverse crew than the state is typically known to encourage. Despite his early-stage cancer condition and his son's own serious troubles, Strand decides to accept the post. With his sophistication and his ideals in play, Strand assembles a seemingly motley crew of firefighters to handle the various emergencies in his operating area while living with the idiosyncrasies that go with Texas. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol1970@gmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 