nm0010736:

 Doubt (I) (2008)541) A Catholic school principal questions a priest's ambiguous relationship with a troubled young student. It's 1964, St. Nicholas in the Bronx. A charismatic priest, Father Flynn, is trying to upend the school's strict customs, which have long been fiercely guarded by Sister Aloysius Beauvier, the iron-gloved Principal who believes in the power of fear-based discipline. The winds of political change are sweeping through the community, and indeed, the school has just accepted its first black student, Donald Miller. But when Sister James, a hopeful innocent, shares with Sister Aloysius her guilt-inducing suspicion that Father Flynn is paying too much personal attention to Donald, Sister Aloysius sets off on a personal crusade to unearth the truth and to expunge Flynn from the school. Now, without a shard of proof besides her moral certainty, Sister Aloysius locks into a battle of wills with Father Flynn which threatens to tear apart the community with irrevocable consequences. Miramax Films Set at a Catholic school in the Bronx, it centers on a nun who grows suspicious when a priest begins taking too much interest in the life of a young black student. Is she being overly protective or not protective enough? And can she work within the system to discover the truth? Sherman (courtesy of Broadway.com) In 1964 a Catholic elementary school has just admitted its first Black student, a 12-year-old boy transferred from public school. The principal, a rigid disciplinarian nun, and the liberal parish priest are both concerned for the boy's welfare in a predominantly Irish/Italian parish. The nun becomes convinced that the priest has, or is planning to have, an improper relationship with the child and is determined to force him to leave the school. A third compassionate person is the boy's mother, who has another point of view. The fourth person is a young teacher who is concerned but confused by the conflict between the nun and the priest. jojo.acapulco@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens on a working class street in an Irish/Italian Catholic neighborhood in the Bronx, N.Y, circa 1964 The pre-title establishing shots are of a quiet church garden with statues of saints and angels, a Russian immigrant playing a zither, a boy named Jimmy (Lloyd Clay Brown) being awakened by his mother for Sunday mass and then the title, DOUBT. Jimmy races out of the house, passed the Russian man who asks him for a paper and coffee but Jimmy can't stop because he is late for church, and he's an altar boy on what looks like his first day serving mass. Jimmy makes it into the sacristy at his church and dresses into his cassock, before starting to prepare the curettes of water and wine and incense, all the things he needs to serve mass. Another altar boy, Donald Miller (Joseph Foster), arrives for mass shortly thereafter. Donald is the first black student at the school. When Donald arrives, he looks at himself in the mirror and asks Jimmy if he thinks he's fat. Jimmy doesn't think so, and asks if Donald's clothes fit okay. Jimmy could care less whether anyone is fat, but Donald is body conscious and checks himself out in the mirror, unsure of himself. Father Flynn (Phillip Seymour Hoffman) delivers his sermon as Donald and Jimmy serve mass. The church is packed, and we learn it's 1964 as Flynn talks about President Kennedy's assassination the year before and how that event was a tragedy everyone in the nation shares so, in its way, it brought people together because they all shared that event. The hopelessness and despair it created in everyone created a permanent bond between them and a spirit of "we're in this together" that should not be ignored. Sister James (Amy Adams), a quiet young nun, sits in the pew listening intently to the sermon. She wears the archaic nun's habit: black dress, black cape, and black bonnet. As Flynn continues his sermon, he talks about a man on a cargo ship that catches fire and sinks all the while he's looking to the starts to find a constellation to guide his way home. As he talks, the camera scrolls through the church, to the very back, where more nuns sit including one who's watching all the children in church like a hawk. Spotting her prey, this nun (face unseen), rises from her pew and walks over to smack a chattering boy (Michael Roukis, as William London), in the back of the head and wake another boy who has fallen asleep. After she frightens the sleeping boy and makes him sit up straight in church, we see this nun is Sister Aloysius Bouvier (Meryl Streep). Flynn finishes his sermon by talking about the crises of faith that sometimes enter into everyone's lives and that whenever people feel lost, they should not feel alone because even the bravest and the most faithful have doubt from time to time. After mass, Flynn is back in the sacristy as Donald changes out of his cassock and gets ready to go home. He tells Flynn when he grows up, he wants to be a priest too. Flynn takes out a small toy - a little ballerina that dances when a mirrored magnet is applied to it. Donald is a very lonely boy who doesn't seem to have a lot of friends, and it's obvious he admires Flynn a lot and looks up to him. Flynn gives him the toy, obviously feeling sorry for Donald. (Throughout the movie, it is emphasized at every opportunity that Donald is struggling partly because he is the only black student in the Irish/Italian Catholic School). The next day, it's Monday in the convent and all the nuns wake up and dress for the day, in their medieval habits. The students start to file into the building and London stops Sr. James and asks her what's going to be on the math test tomorrow, and if there will be a lot of long division. Sr. James starts to turn away from him, and he reaches out and grabs her arm. Sr. Aloysius sees this (it's against the rules to ever touch a nun, as they are brides of Christ and no man should ever touch them) from her perch on stairs high above the schoolyard and she shouts, "BOY! Come smartly now and don't let me wait". Flynn says to Sr. James, "The dragon is hungry". London goes up to see Sr. Aloysius, who takes unsmiling delight in disciplining the students she is clearly the Principal of the school. Sr. James has the 8th grade class, and subjects are taught in periods. It's now history, and Sr. James is covering the New Deal and FDR, calling President Roosevelt, President Lincoln, and President Kennedy the three greatest presidents America has ever had. They're talking about FDR's "Nothing to Fear but Fear itself" speech as Sr. Aloysius enters the classroom, patrolling the rows of desk to check for any contraband, such as hair barrettes on the girls or transistor radios on the boys. She finds one boy, Conroy, with a wire running out of his ear and asks him what that is, and Conroy, a smartass, says, "I don't know, Sister. I don't know what it is." "You come with me, BOY," is Aloysius' reply, and she takes him down to her office to confiscate the radio and make him write multiplication tables over and over again. There's a shot of choir practice for the Christmas pageant everyone is enjoying listening to the students sing, except Sr. Aloysius, who just sits there, with a rock hard stoic joyless face. But, that coldness is just a front as we see in the next scene, where the nuns are all in their convent at dinner together. Sister Veronica sits next to Aloysius. Veronica is ancient, well in her 80's, and going blind. She can't find her fork to eat, so Aloysius slyly slides it over to her reach, never letting Veronica know she helped her. Aloysius takes care of Veronica like this through the whole movie, trying to make sure none of the priests or the monsignor figures out Veronica is going blind (because then she would be taken away from the convent and forced to live elsewhere). Aloysius is established as taking care of her convent and her school, with draconian measures when necessary. Sr. James chews a bit of meat that's too fatty and tries to spit it out, but Aloysius makes her put it back in her mouth and eat it anyway, so as not to waste food. She does this with just a well-placed look in James' direction. Aloysius has a bell she rings when she wants people's attention, and she rings it and asks the nuns what they thought of Flynn's sermon on Doubt yesterday. She says something must have prompted it and is suspicious of Flynn, thinking he must have done something to cause himself to have doubt, and hence that inspired his sermon. She tells all the nuns to watch him and see what they can figure out. The next day, it's lunchtime and Aloysius talks to Sr. James about London, who faked a bloody nose so he could leave early and go smoke cigarettes on the street corner. The nuns are eating chicken chow mein, and Sr. Veronica is missing her mouth and getting food on her habit and in her sleeves. Aloysius takes water and a napkin and cleans her up, being loving and caring. She tells Sr. James not to let the children fool her and that if you pay attention, you can tell when someone is deceiving you. Aloysius tells Sr. James that there is a chain of command to follow, leading all the way up to the Pope. If Sr. James sees anything out of the ordinary, or if the children do anything bad, she needs to tell Aloysius who will take it up the chain. Aloysius inspects Sr. James' classroom, throwing her cough drops out (because they are just candy by another name), and telling her to watch certain female students because she wants them to graduate as virgins, so keep them away from the boys. She also lectures Sr. James because she finds a ballpoint pen on the floor, and children are not supposed to write with them because it is bad for their penmanship. She also tells Sr. James to never open the windows and to mount a framed picture of the Pope on the wall so when she writes on the board she can look into the glass and all the kids will think she has eyes in the back of her head, because she will be able to see everything they are doing. Flynn teaches gym class and instructs the boys in basketball. He also teaches them hygiene and tells them to always have clean nails. The priests are all shown having dinner, eating lots of red meat, laughing, telling bawdy jokes and having fun. The nuns are shown at dinner, and everything is dead silent, where they drink milk and eat with perfect posture, as Aloysius likes. Sr. James uses the Pope glass trick to catch London sneaking over to talk to a girl in class, the one Aloysius said to keep away from the boys. Sr. James busts him, and the class is stunned, thinking she really does have eyes in the back of her head. Flynn calls Donald down to the rectory to see him and he leaves the class. Everyone else goes down for music/dance class, where they learn the bossa nova. Sr. James notices Flynn putting a white tee shirt into a locker during the class. Donald has not rejoined the class yet. When they all go back upstairs to the classroom, Sr. James asks Donald if he is okay, and is clearly worried about him because something does not seem right. That evening, Aloysius is doing chores in the garden, covering the roses for winter. Sr. James tells her that Donald seemed strange after coming back from seeing Flynn. Donald has only been at school for 2 months, and Aloysius asks if the other kids are picking on him, since he is the first black student at St. Nicholas' school. Sr. James says that Flynn protects this boy and has taken an unusual interest in him. Aloysius: "So, it has happened. I asked you to come to me, but I hoped you never would." Seemingly out of the blue, Aloysius assumes Flynn is molesting Donald, though words like "molesting", "sex", or "gay" are never used in the movie. It's striking, but the characters and audience know what everyone is talking about, without the subject ever being clearly defined. As Aloysius and Sr. James talk, a handyman interrupts them so they head into the convent where the cleaning woman is bringing a cat into the kitchen to catch a mouse she saw. Aloysius tells Sr. James to tell her everything she has seen. The film cuts to Flynn, at a table with all the boys, eating cookies and drinking lime soda, talking about girls and asking them out on dates, or asking them to dance. It looks like the 8th grade class of boys. One boy asks what happens if all the girls he asks to dance turn him down. "You become a priest," Flynn tells him. Sr. James tells Aloysius everything she saw: Flynn called Donald down to the rectory in the middle of class and was there for a while. He looked frightened when she next saw him. Aloysius says that she should have seen this coming because as the first black student, Donald was isolated and easy prey for Flynn. She said that her job is to outshine the fox in cleverness. Sr. James says that it's all probably nothing, and Aloysius asks her why she looks like she's seen the Devil then. Sr. James says she thinks she smelled alcohol on Donald's breath when he got back from the rectory. Aloysius says that all the priests will side with Flynn and that the nuns will have to stop him themselves. The cleaning lady walks through with the cat, holding a dead mouse in paper towels. "It takes a cat," the cleaning woman says. "Yes it does. Yes, it does," says Aloysius. The wind has been kicking up lately, making branches fall in the garden. Wind plays a role in the film from here on out with lots of shots of leaves blowing and swirling around, symbolizing the chaos swirling around the school. Conroy has been talking in class again. He is sent to the Principal's office, where a giant sign reading QUIET greets visitors. Flynn comes over to ask why Conroy is waiting for the Principal, but Aloysius comes out and quickly sends Conroy away she wants to talk to Flynn about Donald Miller. She tells Conroy to write multiplication tables 10 times and turn it in to her tomorrow. To meet with Flynn, Aloysius requires elaborate rules of protocol. She can never be in a room alone with a man, and must leave the door slightly open too. Sr. James arrives to chaperone the meeting. Aloysius has Sr. James serve tea, and Flynn wants sugar. Aloysius makes a big deal about this, as she considers it an indulgence, and she gave that up for Lent last year and forgot about it. She has to look for the sugar in a drawer, and when Flynn wants three lumps of sugar, she ridicules his sweet tooth with the same scorn she has for ballpoint pens. She also thinks Flynn's fingernails are too long. When asked if Sr. James wants sugar she says, NEVER, because Aloysius is watching her. The ruse to get Flynn into the office to talk about Young is that Aloysius wants to talk about the Christmas pageant. Flynn wants secular songs in the pageant, like Santa Claus is coming to town or Frosty the Snowman. Aloysius thinks Frosty is a pagan song advocating magic and should be banned from the airwaves. Both Sr. James and Flynn think Aloysius is crazy. Times are changing and they need to reach out to popular things to allow the children to connect with them. Aloysius says Christmas is about Christ; so all songs should be religious. Flynn gets an idea for a sermon on intolerance listening to Aloysius and he writes it in a little book with a ballpoint pen. Flynn tells Aloysius it is a new time and that something inside people has changed. He thinks they should sing songs from the radio, take the kids out for ice cream, and also take the boys camping. Flynn says religious people need to relate to the people in the working class neighborhood they are in. Aloysius says there's no way they can do that, because religious people are different, period. Getting onto what she really wanted to talk about, Aloysius brings Donald Miller up, and says they must be very careful how he will be used: can't hide him, but can't put him right up front either because either way they would make him feel self conscious as the only black child in the school. Aloysius says they must be careful not to make him feel singled out because even Flynn himself singles Donald Young out for special treatment, like that private meeting the two had last week. Aloysius plays cat and mouse with Flynn from this point out until the end of the film. She says Donald seemed strange when he returned to class after that meeting. Flynn asks if Aloysius wanted to talk about the pageant, or about Donald Miller? He then tells Aloysius he is uncomfortable. The phone rings, but Aloysius won't answer itit just rings and rings and rings, making the room more tense. She asks Flynn what happened in the rectory, and he tells her it was a private matter. He asks Aloysius what she is accusing him of. He gets up to leave, and Aloysius says Sr. James smelled alcohol on Donald's breath. Flynn tells Aloysius to let this alone because it is not what she thinks --- Mr. McGinn (caretaker) caught Donald drinking wine in the back of the church. Flynn said he wanted to handle this quietly because if anyone else knew, he would have to make Donald leave the altar boys. Sr. James is relieved, because she says this explains everything, including why Donald was acting strangely. Aloysius says it is easier to believe Flynn because Sr. James wants to believe him. She says, "these kinds of people are clever" and she means "child molester", but never says that word. Sr. James says Aloysius just doesn't like him because he's jovial, takes sugar in his tea, likes popular music, etc. She also says that she, too, likes Frosty the Snowman. Ask she says this, the light bulb overhead blows out, and Aloysius says, "You blew out my light". She also says that in Ancient Sparta, things were decided by who could yell the loudest and asks if that's what Sr. James is trying to do here. Aloysius calls Donald's mother and asks her to come in for a meeting. That next Sunday, Flynn delivers a sermon on Gossip using a metaphor of a woman on a rooftop gutting a pillow and letting the feathers fly everywhere. He says stopping gossip is like putting all the feathers back into the pillowcase impossible to do, so don't gossip. It bears false witness against neighbors, ruins reputations, and is a sin. Sr. James looks guilty. Aloysius just stares straight ahead unfazed. The next day, in the courtyard, Sr. James and Flynn watch a crow in a tree and talk about his sermon. Sr. James asks if the sermon was directed at anyone in particular knowing it was meant for Aloysius and her. Sr. James clutches a letter from home telling her that her brother in Maryland is very sick. Flynn smokes a cigarette, enjoying another thing Aloysius does not approve of. Sr. James asks Flynn if "it is true" meaning, did Flynn molest Donald Miller. She tells him she saw Flynn put Donald's undershirt into is locker. Flynn says he just left it in the sanctuary, and that he was returning it and did not want to embarrass the boy by bringing it into the classroom, so he just put it in the locker himself. Flynn says that Donald is a troubled boy that's why he drank the wine, and that Donald needs compassion. Flynn says he cares about the students and that everyone needs compassion. The next day in school, one of the girls comes up to Flynn and tells him she likes a boy. He is clearly the faculty member the kids feel comfortable coming to for help and advice. Flynn sees Donald approaching, but this time he ignores and avoids him. Donald looks hurt. William London sees that Donald isn't being protected, so he slams all of Donald's books and papers onto the floor. He also breaks the ballerina toy Flynn gave Donald. Flynn sees this and immediately comes over to help Donald pick up his things. He hugs and comforts Donald. Sr. James watches suspiciously. In history class, Sr. James tries to get Donald to tell her what was Patrick Henry's famous remark, but he does not want to talk. Another boy answers for him and Sr. James, on edge, sends him to the Principal's office for talking when he was not supposed to. Donald's mother is meeting with Sr. Aloysius, who has been listening to the transistor radio she confiscated from a student earlier in the film. She's marveled by how small radios have gotten --- proof that her anti-tech/anti-change message doesn't always apply. She tells Mrs. Miller she likes to listen to the news all day, and has always liked the news since she became addicted while her husband was in the war, and she followed news reports all day. The husband died fighting, and so she became a nun after that, and kept up with the news after that. Mrs. Miller is surprised Sr. Aloysius was married. Mrs. Miller says she knows Donald was caught drinking wine and is happy Flynn watches out for him so other boys don't pick on him. Mrs. Miller has been concerned about Donald graduating, and only wants her son to make it through June so he can go to a good high school where he will not be picked on. Mrs. Miller is late for work, so Aloysius walks with her to her job. She comes out and tells Mrs. Miller that she is worried about Flynn making advances on her son. Mrs. Miller says there is no evidence of that and that maybe Aloysius is imagining it. She does not think Flynn gave her son altar wine and does not want any trouble. She keeps repeating that she just wants Donald to make it through June and graduate with no trouble. Aloysius tells Mrs. Miller that there are men like Flynn who chase after boys, and Mrs. Miller says that maybe there are some boys that want to be caught. Without ever coming right out and saying it, she tells Aloysius she thinks Donald is gay. She tells Aloysius that Donald's father beats him because of "his nature" and not because of things he does. His father does not want a gay son, and has trouble dealing with Donald. Mrs. Miller says the reason she put Donald in private school was that the other boys were going to kill him in public school the kids don't like Donald, his own father does not like him, and Flynn was the only person ever good to Donald. She just needs Donald to make it to June and graduate. Just until June. She tells Aloysius to stop making trouble because Donald's father would kill him if Aloysius made a big deal about this if she wants to get rid of the priest, then do it, but leave her son out of it. Walking back to church, Aloysius is caught in a big gust of wind and swept up in leaves in an approaching rainstorm just as he walks into the church to up the ante in her campaign against Flynn. Flynn comes to talk to her to tell her to stop that campaign against him. He tells Aloysius she has nothing more than unfounded suspicions, while Aloysius accuses him of seducing Donald. He asks her why she says this, and she tells him that she's looked into his past and that she "knows people" at his previous parishes. Just then, the light bulb burns out overhead. Flynn says Donald's father beats him and that he needed compassion. Aloysius says she's had her eye on him since she saw him grab William London by the wrist once in the playground and she did not like that he touched the boy. Flynn asks her if she's serious, and says she is imagining things. He takes out ballpoint pen and paper and says he is going to write down everything she says in case he needs it to have her removed from the parish later. Aloysius says she called his last parish and spoke to the nuns there and they told him all about the real reason he had to leave the parish. Flynn is angry and said Aloysius broke the chain of command, because matters need to be handled by pastors, then bishops, then all the way up to the Pope, while nuns take a vow of obedience and should not break the chain of command. Aloysius asks him again if he has seduced Donald Miller. Flynn asks her if she's ever done anything wrong, and she says yes, and then she confessed it. She also says a dog that bites is a dog that bites and needs to be dealt with so it does not bite again. She keeps asking him if he gave Donald Miller altar wine to drink. He won't answer, and she tells him that she is going to leave the office now and that if he does not confess, she will not stop pushing this until the truth comes out. Flynn stops her and says that he does not want this to get out. Aloysius says that Flynn will ask for a transfer and take a leave of absence and that no more harm will come to Donald. Flynn says he has done nothing wrong and only cares about Donald. He says he will fight Aloysius, and she says, "You will lose". "Where is your compassion? he asks. "Nowhere you can get to it". She tells Flynn she has no sympathy for him, and also that he needs to cut his nails. That next Sunday, Flynn delivers his farewell sermon, stepping down from the pulpit to shake the parishioners hands and say goodbye. He says there is a wind behind everyone pushing them through life, and that now it is taking him away and that he will miss everyone. Aloysius and Sr. James are in the pews, looking stoic. Donald Miller is sad and sheds a tear. Mrs. Miller is a mix of emotions. A few weeks later, Flynn is long gone, and Sr. James is back from visiting her brother, who has now recovered. Sr. James says that Donald's heart is broken without Flynn, and asks her if she was ever able to prove what she says Flynn did. Aloysius says she is sure she did the right thing, while Sr. James says she can't sleep anymore because of all of this. Aloysius reveals instead of being disciplined, Flynn was rewarded with a PROMOTION, in an F-up/Move-up scenario: he was promoted to pastor of a larger church with a larger school. The Monsignor protected him, and instead disciplined Aloysius for breaking the line of command and talking to nuns about Flynn instead of a pastor. Aloysius admits she lied and that she never called a nun she made that up, but the lie would not have worked if Flynn had been innocent. She was sure Flynn molested boys, so she pretended she talked to a nun about him to get a reaction out of him that would prove he was guilty: and she got the reaction she expected from him. She said his resignation from this church was his confession, but Sr. James says it is wrong to lie and that Aloysius should not have done that. Aloysius says that in the pursuit of righting a wrong, there is a price, and that lie was the price they needed to pay to protect the boys of the parish. Sr. James can't believe Aloysius lied. Suddenly, Aloysius breaks down and cries. She admits that even she has doubts, "such doubts", she says. ~george-venturino~ 
 Enchanted (2007)761) A young maiden in a land called Andalasia, who is prepared to be wed, is sent away to New York City by an evil Queen, where she falls in love with a lawyer. The beautiful Princess Giselle (Amy Adams) is banished by evil Queen Narissa (Susan Sarandon) from her magical, musical animated land and finds herself in the gritty reality of the streets of modern-day Manhattan. Shocked by this strange new environment that doesn't operate on a "happily ever after" basis, Giselle is now adrift in a chaotic world badly in need of enchantment. But when Giselle begins to fall in love with a charmingly flawed divorce lawyer who has come to her aid - even though she is already promised to a perfect fairy tale Prince back home - she has to wonder: Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world? Orange Once upon a time in the kingdom of Andalasia, a beautiful young maiden named Giselle (Amy Adams) lives in a cottage in the forest. But before she can marry the dashing Prince Edward (James Marsden), she is sent tumbling down a magical well - and finds herself in the non-animated, extremely disenchanted world of modern-day New York City. There, she befriends a cynical divorce lawyer, Robert Philip (Patrick Dempsey), who isn't so sure that her Prince is coming to rescue her. Giselle's spontaneous singing and fairy-tale demeanor enchant everyone around her as she waits for Prince Edward. But she's about to discover that love in the real world isn't always as easy as sharing a single True Love's Kiss - and that she'll need courage, spunk, and maybe just a little enchantment if she's ever going to find her own happily-ever-after. Leon Styloroy In the animated fairytale world of Andalasia lives the beautiful Princess-in-waiting, Giselle (Amy Adams). She is waiting for a Prince to come so that the two can live happily ever after. Prince Edward (James Marsden) hears her sweetly singing calls. They meet. They immediately fall in love and are to be married the next day. However, before the wedding, an old hag sends Giselle down a wishing well, which is really an abyss to her banishment to another world. The hag is Narissa (Susan Sarandon), Edward's evil stepmother in disguise, she who does not want ever to relinquish her Queendom. The other world is present day, live-action, gritty New York City. Giselle does not understand her new environment and is not treated well until she meets six-year-old Morgan Philip (Rachel Covey), who, like most girls her age, loves fairy-tales and Princesses. Morgan's father is cynical divorce lawyer Robert Philip (Patrick Dempsey), who, because of his work and own failed marriage, does not like to encourage his daughter to dream about fairy-tales. Meanwhile, Edward, with his trusty chipmunk sidekick Pip (Jeff Bennett and Kevin Lima), comes down the abyss to look for his love. But Narissa has her own plans in light of Edward's action. Huggo Princess Giselle (Amy Adams), who lives in an animated land called Andalasia, dreams of true love's kiss. However, when dashing Prince Edward (James Marsden) hears her song, he declares they shall be married in the morning, evil Queen Narissa (Susan Sarandon) feels threatened by the Princess stealing her crown. She banishes her through a magic well to busy, non-animated Manhattan, where a handsome, cynical divorce lawyer named Robert Philip (Patrick Dempsey) come to her aid. Becoming confused after falling in love with this man that helped her, can she realize that happiness in the real world is not as easy as just "true love's kiss"? And can she choose between Robert and her Prince Edward? Ria Mould In an animated fairy tale world, a young girl meets and falls in love with the handsome Prince of her dreams. News of this romance upsets the Prince's mother, the evil Queen, who uses her black magic to send the girl hurtling out of the animated world into the one place in the universe where there is no true love: modern-day Manhattan. The now-real girl has to survive in New York City and find her way home again to her true love. Giorgio_C Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with a narration (Julie Andrews) about the animated fairytale land of Andalasia. The Evil Queen Narissa (Susan Sarandon) wants to keep her throne as long as she can so has tried to keep her step-son, Prince Edward (James Marsden) away from the fair maidens so he will not get married and she will not lose her throne. The scene shifts to a traditionally animated world, where Giselle (Amy Adams) is making a statue of the true love she has dreamed of. Her animal friends, including her best friend chipmunk Pip, help her make the statue and find the perfect pair of lips, as lips and true love's kiss is the most important thing in the world. At the same time, we see Prince Edward (James Marsden) hunting ogres with servant Nathaniel and he hears Giselle's song. He starts towards Giselle's home, but Nathaniel (Timothy Spall), in fear that the Queen will be furious if Edward falls for Giselle, lets an ogre after Giselle. Giselle is chased out of her home into the trees, but is saved by Pip, who uses his surprisingly heavy weight to offset the balance of the ogre. Giselle tumbles from the trees right into Edward's lap. The two are smitten with each other and decide to wed the following day. Little do they know Narissa has been watching from her evil lair, and plans to stop the wedding for good. Giselle arrives at the castle the next day and is met by Nathaniel who locks her animal friends out of the wedding. She is stopped by an old hag, who is actually a disguised Narissa, who tricks into going to a wishing well. When Giselle closes her eyes, Narissa pushes her into the well, and tells Nathaniel she's sent Giselle to "a place where there are no happily ever afters." Giselle falls for a long time, until she hits a manhole cover, at which point the movie suddenly changes to live action. Giselle pushes open the manhole cover she has ended up under, climbs out, and finds herself in the middle of Times Square. Giselle tries to find the nearest castle in order to get home. After a series of misfortunes - first causing a minor traffic accident, getting caught up in a crowd heading into the subway, causing her to eventually end up at Bowery on the Lower East Side, and finally getting mugged of her tiara by a homeless man - she manages to find the castle she thinks she's looking for; specifically, a casino billboard. At this point, we shift to Robert Phillip (Patrick Dempsey), a divorce lawyer dealing in a divorce settlement meeting. The couple in question is fighting over a Hank Aaron baseball card when his secretary (Jodi Benson) interrupts to tell him it is time to pick up his daughter, Morgan. She asks Robert if he has told Morgan about his plans to marry his girlfriend Nancy Tremaine (Idina Menzel), to which he says no. During the taxi ride home, Robert gives Morgan a present; not the fairy tale book she wanted, but instead a book on inspirational women including Madame Curie and Rosa Parks. He uses the book to explain his plan to marry Nancy, to which Morgan is a little uncertain of. By coincidence, the taxi happens to stop by the corner where the billboard Giselle is knocking on is located. Robert follows her and ends up catching Giselle when she falls off the sign. Morgan instantly believes she is a princess and wants to help her while Robert thinks she is absolutely crazy. They end up bringing her to their apartment where Giselle ends up falling asleep on the couch while Robert calls her a car. He lets her stay overnight when he sees she is sleeping, but tells Morgan to sleep in his room for the night. Giselle wakes up the next morning and sees the unkept appearance of the apartment. She goes to the window and uses her call to summon all of the vermin in the area (all the roaches, flies, rats, and pigeons) to help her clean the house (momentarily causing commotion as rats scurry out of a sewer). A one-legged pigeon drops a plate while cleaning, which wakes up Morgan and Robert. The two attempt to get rid of the animals and Robert talks to Giselle as she is about to get into the shower. At the same time, Nancy arrives to bring Morgan to school and gets the wrong idea when she sees Giselle in a towel with Robert and leaves. Robert follows her, but by the time he gets to the street, she's already climbed into a taxi. Back in the animated Andalasia, Pip tells Edward what has happened to Giselle. Edward and Pip dive down the well to New York, having an incident when Edward holds a sewer worker named Artie at swordpoint before running off into traffic, and Pip realizing he can now only communicate with chipmunk squeaks. Queen Narissa is upset about this and flirts with Nathaniel in order to convince him that he must go as well to stop Edward from finding Giselle. Nathaniel then goes to Times Square as well. Robert comes back to see that Giselle has cut up his curtains to make a new dress. He gets angry with her, an emotion she has never seen, and the two take Morgan to school. Robert brings Giselle to work and leaves her with the secretary while he meets with the same divorcing couple as the day before. Narissa sees Robert trying to help Giselle through the fish tank in the office (she pops up all over the place, wherever water is available) and is clearly not happy. Nathaniel arrives in New York, where he immediately spots Edward - riding on the roof of an MTA bus under the delusion that it is a great steel beast. He stabs his sword through the roof of the bus, ripping open an old lady's bag. After being told off by the short-tempered bus driver (who goes nuts when Pip lands on her head, leading her to think he's a rat), Edward leaves with Pip. They go to lunch at a food court, where Nathaniel disguises himself as a chef to go into a kitchen to communicate with Narissa through a boiling pot of soup. Narissa produces three poisoned apples, and tells Nathaniel to make sure Giselle takes a bite of one to kill her. Pip hears this and tries to explain through charades to Edward (involving ice cubes for the apples) the evil plan, as he cannot speak in the real world. Unfortunately, Edward is a little bit dense and does not understand. Nathaniel tells Edward they should split up to look for Giselle and they go their separate ways. At the close of his meeting, Robert comes to see Giselle and the secretary tells Robert about how crazy Giselle is. Meanwhile, Giselle begins talking to the divorcing couple and cries about the fate of their marriage when she finds out they are separating. Robert sees she is ruining his case and brings her to Central Park where he plans to leave her. He gives her money and says goodbye, but she gives the money away and he catches up to her and walks with her. He asks about her prince and she explains they have only known each other for a day, which surprises him because he has known Nancy for five years. He explains the concept of dating to her, which she has never heard of before this. At that point, they run into Nathaniel, disguised as an apple cart vendor, and sells Giselle the first of his poisoned apples in the form of a caramel apple on a stick. This one fails to work because Giselle accidentally throws it when passionately talking about love, and it lodges in a passing bicyclist's helmet - burning through his helmet and hair, leaving a bald spot on his scalp. Giselle, meanwhile, explains how she knows that she is in love and that true love's kiss is the most powerful thing in the world and she wouldn't want to wait any longer for that. This culminates in a blown up dance number that involves basically every performer in Central Park ("That's How You Know"). Edward hears her singing again and tries to chase her down, but gets run over by the bicyclists, including the one who got the poisoned apple in his hair. Giselle helps Robert make up with Nancy by sending her flowers and getting him to invite her to a ball, which is far more romantic or spontaneous than he usually is. He explains to her that he only wants to help Giselle and a happy Nancy forgives him. We see Edward and Nathaniel have checked into a motel in Brooklyn to rest. While Edward flips through channels on the TV (which he thinks is a magic mirror), Nathaniel traps Pip in the closet and goes after Giselle. We catch up with Giselle and Robert at a pizza place where she asks if they are on a date. He says that people dont bring their children on dates and we then see Morgan is there as well. He talks to Giselle about his wife, who left him and Morgan for no real reason, which makes him very emotional. Giselle explains to him that his dreams still can come true and then Nathaniel appears, disguised as a waiter, to deliver Giselle the second poisoned apple, this time ground up into a martini. Robert jokes that those are poisonous and Pip shows up trying to stop Giselle from drinking the martini. People in the restaurant panic when they see Pip on the table, but he manages to communicate to Giselle that Edward is in New York. Nathaniel spots him, and a chase between the two ensues. Pip tries to hide under a pizza, but Nathaniel takes the pizza and flings it into the oven. Pip is swung free at the last second and goes flying into a nearby glass jar, but Giselle thinks he is killed in the oven and is heartbroken. Back at the hotel room, Edward sees Giselle being interviewed about the rodent attack on TV and leaves the hotel room to find her. Upon finding the correct building he knocks on every single door in the building, finding a bunch of interesting people at each door. We see Giselle then telling Morgan a bedtime story while Robert watches and smiles. She leaves the room and Robert begins trying to tell her that perhaps Edward will not come for her after all, which she gets angry about, saying that all he ever says is no. The two share a special moment as she is excited about feeling angry, and Robert leaves, though both of them clearly feel a connection to one another. We cut to Nathaniel in the pizza place at the bar where he is talking to Narissa, who is in his drink, and she is very disappointed in him. She tells him that she is now coming to New York to get Giselle herself, and in anger breaks all the glass at the bar including the one Pip is stuck in. The next morning Robert awakes to see that Giselle has made herself another dress and smiles at this. The three sit down to breakfast when Prince Edward knocks on the door. He and Giselle are reunited, though it is not the same between them, not that Prince Edward would notice. She tells him that she wants to go on a date with him before they leave for Andalasia and he agrees. She leaves Robert and Morgan, who are very sad to see her go. At work Robert meets with the divorce clients who were touched by Giselle and have decided to stay together. Meanwhile, Giselle and Edward are on their date, but Giselle seems reluctant to leave New York. Edward offers to take her to a ball being held that evening, but only if they can return to Andalasia after. Giselle goes back to Morgan and tells her that she is going to the ball, to which Morgan takes Roberts emergency credit card and the two go shopping. They stop for a haircut and pedicure, where the two bond over not having mothers, but enjoying their shopping time together. Night falls and Narissa arrives and heads towards the ball. Nancy and Robert have already arrived as Giselle and Edward make their entrance. Robert and Giselle see each other and the couples meet and greet. Edward introduces Giselle as the love of his life, to which an impressed Nancy says is so bold and romantic. A dance is announced where you dance with someone other than your date. Edward asks Nancy to dance, leaving Robert and Giselle together. The two engage in a very passionate and romantic dance that reaffirms their feelings for one another. At the end of this dance, Edward and Giselle plan to leave and he goes to get her wrap. Narissa, in her old hag disguise, shows up as Giselle is sadly watching Nancy and Robert and offers her an apple that will make her forget all the bad memories. Terrified, but wanting to forget the pain she feels, she bites the apple and promptly collapses, unconscious. Narissa drags her into an elevator that she creates and turns back into Narissa just as Edward stops the elevator door from closing. Narissa feigns ignorance when Nathaniel, whose opinion of Narissa has changed ever since he watched a soap opera a few days earlier, shows up and explains her evil plan. Narissa explains Giselle will die at midnight and Robert remembers what Giselle said about true love's kiss being powerful and tells Edward to kiss her. He attempts kissing her several times, but it does not wake her. Robert then knows that he is the true love and doesn't know if he should kiss her. Nancy realizes that he truly loves Giselle and allows him to kiss her. He kisses Giselle just as the clock strikes midnight, but it works and Giselle is revived. They embrace as the dancers applaud. Furious at how the tables have turned, Narissa refuses to give up the throne, and explodes into a fiery purple dragon. She threatens to end Giselle first, but when Robert stands in her way, she picks him up instead and carries him out the window and up the building. Giselle runs after them, leaving her shoe behind. Narissa climbs to the highest point of the building with Robert in hand. Giselle arrives and distracts Narissa with Edward's sword, but it does little damage. Pip, who had been stuck in a gerbil ball, is released by Edward and once again uses his weight to throw Narissa off balance. She drops Robert and tumbles off the bulding to her death, exploding into sparkles. Robert manages to hold on to the building, but slips and drops into Giselle's arms. Once out of danger, the two reaffirm their love for each other and kiss. After the fact, Nancy is in the ballroom and sees Giselle's missing shoe. Edward comes and asks if she could try it on for him. In a homage to Cinderella, Nancy puts the shoe on and it fits perfectly. Edward and Nancy leave New York together and head home to Andalasia. Every character has their own happy ending. Nancy and Edward get married, Nathaniel writes a best-seller about his personal struggles (as does Pip back in Andalasia), and Giselle begins a clothing line. Robert, Giselle, and Morgan now live happily together as a perfect family. "And so, they all lived happily ever after." 
 American Hustle (2013)651) A con man, Irving Rosenfeld, along with his seductive partner Sydney Prosser, is forced to work for a wild F.B.I. Agent, Richie DiMaso, who pushes them into a world of Jersey powerbrokers and the Mafia. A fictional film set in the alluring world of one of the most stunning scandals to rock our nation, American Hustle tells the story of brilliant con man Irving Rosenfeld ( Christian Bale ), who along with his equally cunning and seductive British partner Sydney Prosser ( Amy Adams ) is forced to work for a wild FBI agent Richie DiMaso ( Bradley Cooper ). DiMaso pushes them into a world of Jersey powerbrokers and mafia that's as dangerous as it is enchanting. Jeremy Renner is Carmine Polito, the passionate, volatile, New Jersey political operator caught between the con-artists and Feds. Irving's unpredictable wife Rosalyn ( Jennifer Lawrence ) could be the one to pull the thread that brings the entire world crashing down. Sony Pictures Entertainment 1978. When Irving Rosenfeld and Sydney Prosser meet, there is an instant emotional connection since they can see themselves in the other, in what each wants in life. Both come from humble backgrounds, but are striving for a better life. They embark on a sexual relationship, despite Irving already being married to the brash and uncultured Rosalyn Rosenfeld; most likely he does not divorce her due to his affection for her son, Danny Rosenfeld (whom he has adopted), whom he would not want left alone with his largely unfit mother. Irving tells Sydney about his illegal sideline as a con artist, but to his surprise she is not repulsed but rather attracted to the fact (besides his legitimate businesses, he deals in loan scams which net him $5,000 each). Sydney believes she can help his scams by pretending to be British Lady Edith Greensley who has London banking connections. In doing so, she does indeed vastly improve the scams and their take. However, one of their targets ends up being Richie DiMaso, a low level FBI agent trying to make his mark in the agency. Richie knows that Sydney is not a Lady nor does she have London banking connections but he does believe she is a Brit named Edith Greensley. Richie makes a deal with them to help him nab four additional white collar criminals in exchange for their release without charges. Ultimately, Richie talks them into bigger fish than was originally intended: nabbing politicians and mobsters as the opportunity arises. Their initial target is a Camden, New Jersey Mayor called Carmine Polito, who is trying to revitalize Atlantic City as a gambling mecca, which requires an influx of investments in the millions. But in getting these offshore investments (which in reality don't exist), the bigger fish include congressmen and senators, who may be taking bribes in this revitalization, as well as a mobster named Victor Tellegio, the right hand man of Meyer Lansky . Beyond their marks' finding out what they're doing -which could be especially deadly in Tellegio's case- their collective problems include: Stoddard Thorsen, Richie's immediate supervisor, who repeatedly refuses Richie's expensive requests for the wherewithal to complete the sting convincingly; Rosalyn, whose own self-interest is her primary focus, even at the possible risk of Irving's life; and Sydney's relationship with Richie, whom she initially seduces to keep him close "just in case", but with whom she may really be falling in love. Huggo Con man, Irving Rosenfeld engages in an affair with Sydney Prosser, a charming con artist, and is forced by an FBI agent to devise an extravagant scheme to hustle corrupt politicians, including the mayor of Camden, New Jersey, as well as the mafia, while his eccentric wife is desperate for his love. Camden Francis Smooth-talking Irving Rosenfeld (Bale) is a hustler of the highest order. No mark is off limits for Rosenfeld, especially when his crafty partner Sydney Prosser (Adams) is by his side. When renegade FBI agent Richie DiMaso (Cooper) thrusts the deceptive duo into the treacherous world of New Jersey power players and underworld heavies, the thrill of the hunt grows too strong to resist. Meanwhile, New Jersey politician Carmine Polito (Jeremy Renner) gets caught in the middle, and Rosenfeld's capricious wife Rosalyn (Jennifer Lawrence) holds more power than anyone could imagine.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie starts with a 70s Technicolor logo of Columbia Pictures, Atlas Entertainment, and Annapurna Pictures. A title caption reads that the following is loosely based on a true story. April 28, 1978: In a suite in the Plaza Hotel in New York City, a fat Jewish man named Irving Rosenfeld (Christian Bale) is elaborately fixing his hair in a comb over to hide a huge balding spot on his head. This goes on for several minutes. He finally hairsprays it in place. Irving leaves his room and walks into an adjacent hotel room where a surveillance team is recording the video and audio of another room. Sydney Prosser (Amy Adams) enters and exchanges an angry look with Irving. It is broken up by the entrance of Richie DiMaso (Bradley Cooper) who begins arguing with Irving, saying he got them a suite at the Plaza Hotel and mentions that he's never touched Sydney (there is obviously some jealousy between Irving and Richie over her). As Richie and Irving quarrel, Richie messes up his comb over, leaving the hairpiece sticking straight up. Sydney, in her British dialect, rushes to fix it. The three walk into a hotel room on the same floor and put on friendly faces. They are meeting Mayor Carmine Polito (Jeremy Renner). Richie has a briefcase at his feet and tries to push it towards the mayor. The mayor's associate, Carl Elway, notices and tells him he'll handle it and Richie rambles that it would be disrespectful to "the sheikh" if Polito doesn't take it. Carmine becomes suspicious, saying he came to meet a sheikh but the fact that a briefcase is being forced on him is freaking him out and he decides to leave. Richie and Irving begin fighting again with Irving finally agreeing to "mop up" the mess Richie caused by being dumb and sliding the briefcase conspicuously. We now go back in time several years and explore the events that will lead up to this meeting. In his childhood, Irving narrates that his father owned a glass business and Irving notices him being taken advantage of by customers. It convinces him to drum up business for his dad by breaking glass windows in the area with a baseball bat. As an adult, Irving also owns a glass business... as well as a bunch of dry cleaners. At a pool party, Irving meets a nice red-haired girl in a fur coat named Sydney Prosser, who speaks with an American accent. When Irving notices her bracelet has Duke Ellington's picture on it, they bond over their love of the jazz musician. They go upstairs and play one of his records, and Irving's confidence attracts her. Irving and Sydney have a lot in common because she comes from a background of limited options (such as a stint as a stripper). Sydney professes that she is a bold person, and Irving praises Sydney's ability to reinvent herself. Sydney has recently started working at Cosmopolitan Magazine. Irving knows she is too smart to work at a clerical job. She is broke and fearless with nothing to lose; her dream has been to become anyone else other than who she was. So she thinks nothing of going with Irving as he shows her one of her dry cleaning stores. He takes her to the back where things that were left behind or forgotten are stored; they try on various clothes and end up kissing between the dry cleaning conveyors. A few days later, Irving shows Sydney his office where there are tons of paintings on display. He tells her that his new business helps guys get loans who can't get loans. When he hesitates upon being asked how he gets them money, she realizes he is a con artist, who takes his clients' $5,000 fee but makes no effort to pay them back. He defends himself by saying the guys that are desperate to invest with him are people at the bottom with gambling problems and embezzling. She points out he takes advantage of desperate people, and he asks if she wants to join him. She walks off without saying anything, exiting the office. Irving goes back to his desk, upset that he has crossed a line with a woman he genuinely likes. Moments later, though, she returns, this time using a British accent, introducing herself as "Lady Edith Greensly", who has royal banking connections in London. From this point on, Irving and Sydney become partners. The scheme is simple: Sydney tells new acquaintances that she has London banking connections, so their husbands will overhear and beg her to let them invest with Irving. To hook them, she refuses to help out, making them more eager to connect with Irving. One by one, people come to Irving's desk; Sydney (under her alias Edith) and Irving convince everyone that they are selective so all of the desperate men end up begging for Irving to take their $5,000 in hopes of a $50,000 in return. Irving's business triples due to Sydney's close attention to detail. They also sell art on the side. All of the paintings are forgeries, but with the British Lady Edith Greensly alias helping sell them as authentic, each one is sold. Due to their success, they rent out a better office, calling it London Associates (in honor of Sydney's fake accent). The two fall in love with each other, go dancing, have sex, and more. In voice-over, Irving admits we're all conning ourselves to get through life, leaving out the ugly truth in his case. In fact, he's currently married and has adopted his wife's son (from another man) who he loves as his own. In his Long Island home, Irving comes home where he talks to his young son, Danny, who tells him that his mom was late picking him up from school, and that a sun lamp caught on fire that afternoon while she was drinking. His shrew and alcoholic wife Rosalyn (Jennifer Lawrence) is defending herself, saying she put out the fire. The left side of her face is completely red with burns. They quarrel and she hilariously defends herself every time he criticizes her, blaming sun lamps for being dangerous and saying it probably happens all the time. He tells her he's not happy, and she takes a moment and says that he can't divorce her because then she just might take Danny and never let Irving see him again. She says nobody in her family has ever gotten a divorce and she won't be the first; and points out that they fight and fuck and that's their thing. In voice-over, he says she was the Picasso of passive-aggressive and was better than any con artist. Meanwhile, Rosalyn strips down to her underwear and seduces Irving, to get him to forget he is angry with her. Sydney and Irving's operation goes perfectly, until they try to scam someone else out of their $5,000. Their victim ultimately is Richie, whom we met at the beginning of the film. He mentions that Lady Edith had done a good job convincing him to come in over their two lunches. Irving gets jealous as they reminisce about their outings together; it is obvious she really had a fun time with him versus just trying to con him. Richie holds out his $5,000 check, but now Irving is suspicious. Sydney finally takes the check instead. When the two try to sneak out of the office, they run into undercover cops. Because Irving didn't take the money, Richie can't arrest him, but Sydney is arrested for fraud, because she is not British nobility and has no banking connections. Richie shows off his badge, revealing that he's an FBI agent. Sydney is taken to an interrogation room where she is incarcerated there for three days. Only Richie is allowed to communicate with her. She goes stir crazy given that her cell has no furniture. Richie tells her that Irving is taking advantage of her and puts it in her head that Irving is loyal to his wife and son and that she is being fooled; he uses the fact that Irving has not come visit her as proof that he doesn't really care about her (when in truth, Irving has been forbidden to see her). Richie concludes the conversation by revealing that he has a romantic interest in her; the entire time, she remains speechless so he still thinks she is British and named Edith Greensly. On the third day, Irving is looking through the glass at the jail cell with Sydney oblivious to him from the other side. Richie talks to Irving about his dishonesty, and then explains that he wants to combat white-collar crime and can, with Irving's help. He wants Irving to help him trap four similar con artists and if he does, Sydney and he will be free of all charges. Now back home at her Manhattan apartment, Sydney suggests to Irving and they both flee the country to Romania, but Irving refuses because he doesn't want to leave Danny behind. She becomes accusatory, because Richie has planted it in her head that Irving is just using her and doesn't care about her. She finally agrees to help entrap four con artists to clear their names and tells Irving that she is going to get romantically close to Richie in case they need him in the future. Irving, Sydney, and Richie are in an art gallery with an Arab sheikh. Irving is rude to Richie but Sydney defends him. Irving explains their plan by going around the gallery with a wealthy sheikh: people who want to sell fake bank CDs and take the sheikh's money will approach them for an introduction. Since there are very few con artists who sell fraudulent art, it does not take long to attract someone unscrupulously interested in the seemingly wealthy oilman walking alongside Irving. In actuality, the sheikh a friend of Irving's from Queens, and not a real Arab. Irving shows Richie a painting and explains that it is a fake and that people believe what they want to believe. The colleague from before interrupts, asking Irving to introduce him to the sheikh (so he can take advantage of him). Irving refuses in the same way Sydney does when she wants to hook someone; this time, it's Sydney that steps up and acts as a middleman between the con artist and their group. In his office, Irving secretly records one of his friends, Carl, asking if he can sell fake certificates and deposits to Irving's investor, the sheikh. Sydney and Richie arrive, and Carl is told his appointment is up, all while Irving is pretending he's not interested in working with Carl. But when Richie helps sell the story of the sheikh by pointing out that he is worth hundreds of millions of dollars, Carl says he has an investment bigger than bank CDs. The sheikh can invest in the rebuilding of Atlantic City, a task taken on by Carmine Polito. At the FBI, Richie's boss, Stoddard Thorsen (Louis C.K.) tells him they shouldn't try to entrap Carmine Polito, who is also a family guy well-loved by everyone in his community. Carmine had just gotten gambling legalized in Atlantic City and wants to rebuild the city, but is having trouble raising the money. Stoddard says they shouldn't go after a politician; Richie tells him to put $2 million into a Chase bank account under the sheikh's name so Carmine can verify that the sheikh is real. Stoddard refuses to wire taxpayers' money into an account, even if it's controlled by them, and begins telling Richie a story about ice fishing with his family. He says his brother wanted to go ice fishing in October and their dad said no because the ice was too thin. Richie says he knows where the story's going: the brother was too eager and fell through the ice, just like he himself is too eager. Stoddard said, no, that's not the point of the story, and tells Richie they'll continue it another time. Even though Stoddard has shut the operation down, Sydney/Edith schemes on Richie's behalf. She becomes friends with the woman in charge of all the wires, Brenda, a lonely cat woman (Colleen Camp) who is appreciative of Sydney's friendship. They get her to wire two million dollars into an FBI-controlled account. Edith then makes sure that Stoddard's boss, Anthony Amando (Alessandro Nivola) is impressed with the plan so that when he calls Stoddard to praise him, Stoddard won't be able to back out of it. Irving is now irritated that Sydney and Richie have made this about entrapping politicians since he thought they would fulfill their duty with very small criminals. Sydney supports Richie, who is adamant that he wants to think big and use video surveillance to capture big guys (and get the glory for it). Irving tells him he's going to have to rent out a luxury suite to trick Carmine Polito into believing the sheikh is real, even though Richie thinks it's unnecessary. Irving then gets mad when he finds out Sydney used her skills to get the Bureau to wire two millions to fool the sheikh and leaves Sydney alone with Richie. He straddles her on the table and they kiss, but then retracts, holding just her foot instead. He exits, leaving her flustered. A surveillance video is played of Richie showing the briefcase filled with cash that will be used to entrap the mayor. We are now back at the opening scene, where Carmine gets suspicious and leaves the hotel room. Like before, Irving runs after him. He finds Carmine outside of the Plaza on the street, bent on escaping the situation. But Irving convinces him that the opportunity they presented is real and badmouths Richie as being inferior to them. The two end up bonding as they discover they have a few things in common. Carmine says he was nervous because he was expecting to meet with the sheikh, but admits that he likes Irving and therefore will continue business with him instead of Richie. Irving tells Richie that Carmine agreed to go out to dinner with Irving and his wife but doesn't want to deal with Richie anymore. Richie is adamant to be included because he wants to use Carmine to find crooked politicians whom Carmine bribe to pay off people for licenses and casinos. Irving points out that Richie is taking them to a dangerous place; Sydney is more upset that Rosalyn gets to go to dinner with Irving instead of her. At home, it's revealed that Richie lives in a decrepit apartment with his overbearing and controlling mother. During dinner with his mother and a fiancee he doesn't love, he gets a call from Sydney/Edith who is upset about being left alone while Irving is out with Rosalyn. Richie agrees to meet Sydney, but before he heads out, he tells his mom how he's going to finally prove himself and no longer be a laughing stock. At dinner, Irving introduces Rosalyn to Carmine's wife, Dolly (Elisabeth Rohm). The four of them have a great dinner. The New York City-accented Rosalyn is obviously uncultured, but instead of weakening Carmine's perception of Irving, she actually ends up charming the table. She goes into a long story about her nail finish that has a topcoat that smells both perfume and rotten, sweet and sour, like flowers with garbage. She eventually gets drunk and falls out of her chair. At the same time, Sydney and Richie are out on the streets of New York. Richie opens up to her that he wants to do something with his life. They end up at a dance club and bond over disco dancing; the moves get steamier and steamier until they are both sexually aroused. They cut in front of a long line of women in the restroom and fool around in a stall, but Sydney/Edith decides to wait until the two of them get real with each other before they fuck. She gives him a long kiss before he leaves the stall, but she stays behind to pee, letting out a thrilled scream on the toilet. At dinner, Irving and Carmine are really bonding, singing along to a karaoke song. Next moment, Carmine is introducing Irving to a colleague, telling him that Irving is going to get New Jersey back on its feet by helping rebuild Atlantic City and creating thousands of jobs. Irving begins feeling guilty now that he's getting close to Carmine. The next day, Carmine and Irving are eating breakfast. Carmine talks about how much he loves his community and he really wants the sheikh to realize how helpful his investment is going to be to the people in town. They walk to Carmine's car and he opens the trunk to reveal a thank you gift to Irving, something that is too new technologically for Irving to recognize. Carmine explains that it's a microwave and it heats up food in a scientific way. Once again, Irving feels guilty but Carmine doesn't catch on; he just tells Irving not to put metal in his gift. At the FBI, Richie (now in sunglasses and a bomber jacket) is demanding that the sheikh arrive in a jet; Stoddard says he should just arrive on the curb at JFK. Richie aggressively points out they should be committed to selling the sheikh as wealthy and finally is successful in convincing Stoddard. Richie walks away, but stops to request Stoddard finish the ice fishing story. Stoddard says his brother and he were on the ice and he saw his father running towards them; Stoddard stepped in front of his brother to protect him. Richie says, "Oh, you were trying to protect your brother but you couldn't just like you are trying to protect me. The story's about protection." Stoddard says, "No, that's not what it's about." Richie leaves. In Long Island, Rosalyn is mocking Irving, muttering to herself "Don't put metal in the science oven, don't put metal in the science oven." She puts a foil-wrapped tray inside the microwave, and it immediately explodes. Danny shouts, "Another fire!" When Irving comes home, he is irritated that Rosalyn destroyed the microwave Carmine gave him, but she responds by making fun of him for being in love with Carmine, and says he should get a chain with a gold microwave around his neck. She also points out that she read that science ovens take the nutrients out of their food, and hands him a magazine article to prove it. As he reads, she mutters to herself, "Bring something into this house that's going to take all the nutrition out of our food, and then light our house on fire? Thank God for me." On the tarmac, Richie and Sydney kiss while Irving watches on. She encourages Richie to not be nervous. As he walks away, Irving approaches her, but she wants nothing to do with him, upset that she has to share him with Rosalyn. Richie and Irving board the private jet that the FBI has rented for an hour. They meet the fake sheikh, replacing Irving's friend, since this guy is with the Bureau. Irving is irritated because he's a Mexican named Paco Hernandez (Michael Pea) and doesn't speak Arabic, although Paco says he knows a few phrases. Irving tells Paco to give Carmine an ornate dagger and present it as if it's a sacred, expensive artifact. Paco points out that the name of the operation is offensive: it's revealed to be Abscam (Arab scam). Irving responds, "What do you care? You're Mexican." The fake sheikh greets Carmine outside the jet and presents him with the sacred knife. At home, Rosalyn is bitching to Irving that she cannot go to a meeting with him, even though she's already done her hair. She answers a ringing phone, and Richie is on the other end. Rosalyn listens in from a phone in the kitchen and overhears Richie talking about feds. After he hangs up, Rosalyn asks Irving if the conversation has to do with IRS, a tax thing. The phone rings again and this time, it's Carmine. Rosalyn tells him that Irving isn't letting her come to the event that night; when Irving takes the phone, Carmine tells him that his wife is the life of the party and to bring her. Irving is nervous, telling Carmine that his wife is unpredictable (he's secretly worried that she will blow their cover somehow). Carmine won't take no for an answer; Donna has even bought the nail finish Rosalyn had told her she couldn't find. Now Irving has no choice but to bring Rosalyn along. Out front, Irving and Carmine bond with Rosalyn and Dolly; their bonding is interrupted by the arrival of Sydney and Richie and the (Mexican) sheikh. Rosalyn stares at Sydney and mutters," I know who you are." She repeats to Irving that she knows who Sydney is. Everybody enters the lobby of the hotel-casino. Carmine obviously has a genuine interest in creating a great Atlantic City, more so than making money. He tells Irving that he saved them $50 million by choosing to renovate instead of building from the ground up. They go into the gambling room where Rosalyn glares at Sydney some more. Carmine pulls Irving aside and tells him that he is saving a lot of money by working with casino guys standing at the bar who happen to be the mob. Irving tries to circumvent a meeting with them, but Rosalyn, hearing everyone is nervous to approach, decides to cross to the mob guys and say hello. She catches the eye of Pete Musane (Jack Huston) whom she flirts with. Irving and Carmine now approach to reel in Rosalyn; Richie steps forward as well, introducing the sheikh. The guys at the bar tell them that Victor Tellegio (a mob boss) is in the back room and wants to meet them. Irving tries to avoid the situation but the mob guys insist. Richie, Irving, Carmine, and the sheikh now meet Victor Tellegio (Robert De Niro in a surprise cameo), a mob boss who never buried a body because he felt it left a better message to just leave it in the street. Employees set up a table and they all take a seat. Victor says its been a dream to build casino resorts on the East Coast. He says even though Carmine made this legal, he has 40 years of history and has to be careful. To get a gaming license and keep it, they will have to make their principal investor, the sheikh, an American citizen. Carmine is asked to use congressmen and senators he knows to expedite citizenship, although Irving tries to talk him out of doing something unscrupulous (because they've become close). Victor is suspicious of Irving's concern, and he points out that they are a real organization and he hopes that everything else is real. He begins speaking Arabic to the sheikh to see if he actually knows the language. It turns out he's got casino investments in the Middle East, and he spent two years learning Arabic to keep an upper hand. Irving and Richie get very scared. Richie tries to intervene, but Mr. Tellegio insists the sheikh speak for himself. Someone enters the room, interrupting. Paco then says, in Arabic, "It'll be great doing business with you. The investment is real. It was a pleasure to meet you." Even though his memorized phrases are not in response to what Victor said, it's enough to assuage his suspicion. Mr. Tellegio says they should put $10 million in the bank of his choice in the next two weeks or else they will insult his friends in Florida. Outside, Sydney asks Rosalyn to come with he,r but Rosalyn refuses, calling her her husband's whore. Sydney and Dolly continue glaring at Rosalyn across the room while Rosalyn and Pete end up bonding over their love of the phrase "What's meant to be will be." Moments later, Rosalyn goes to the bathroom. Sydney follows behind, yelling at her for flirting with the mobsters. Rosalyn is unmoved, pointing out that she has a ring on her finger. Sydney replies that what Irving and she had might be over now, but it was beautiful and it was real and they loved each other. This makes Rosalyn cry. Sydney continues, pointing out that Rosalyn scares and manipulates Irving by the use of her son. Rosalyn replies by saying he keeps coming back, so there must be something he loves, just like perfume that you can't stop smelling even though there's something sour in it. She tells Sydney's he's never going to leave her, and she's going to make Sydney sorry for what she's done to her family. They call each other gross, and Rosalyn applauds Irving for being consistent and says, "Sometimes all you have in life are fucked up, poisonous choices." She then kisses Sydney hard on the mouth and walks away, laughing. A dazed Sydney wipes a big lipstick smear from her mouth. In the lobby, Rosalyn finds Pete and begins sobbing in his arms. Sydney walks away, turning around to see a very upset Rosalyn with Pete. She steps into the back room and whispers something to Irving. The group leaves Mr. Tellegio behind. He watches them go. On stage, in a ballroom, Carmine is introduced to the crowd. Irving is flustered from all the excitement of meeting Victor Tellegio, and takes a pill for his heart to calm himself down. Rosalyn walks by him with Pete. Sydney stands nearby with Richie, both listening to Carmine's enthusiastic speech to a cheering crowd of locals. Carmine further reveals that he really loves his community, and that has been his motivation for wanting to restore Atlantic City. Irving goes to one of his dry cleaners and opens a safe in the back. He takes out a lot of cash, as well as a handgun. He then stands inside the dry cleaner conveyor, the location where he first kissed Sydney. Meanwhile, Richie knocks on Sydney's door at her apartment. He still thinks she's Edith, a British woman. Richie tells her last night was insane and calls Stoddard to request the Sherman suite at the Plaza Hotel (an entire floor); Stoddard refuses. Richie explains that Carmine has admitted to taking bribes from members of Congress and reveals that Victor Tellegio is demanding ten million dollars in two weeks. He becomes ecstatic as Stoddard refuses to cooperate and hangs up the phone. He begins kissing Sydney, and asks her to calm him down; he then demands they finally have sex. As they begin getting intimate, she reminds him they're not going to go all the way until they get real. He tells her he loves her, and points out that everything has just gotten real. Moved by his feelings for her, they kiss some more, and she interrupts to tell him the truth that she's an American, not a British woman as she's been pretending. He is confused. She tells him she's falsified her records, and her name is Sydney Prosser from Albuquerque, New Mexico. He asks why she was doing an English accent after they agreed to be real in the stall; she says she needed the Edith persona to survive, the way he lives with his mom and fiancee he doesn't acknowledge, and curls his hair even though he has straight hair. She points out we all do things to survive. He says he's confused, and that maybe fucking will help. They begin to kiss again, but she's not into it; to get him away from her, she smashes a small framed picture over his head. Just then, Irving enters. He points his handgun at Richie and asks him to step away from Edith. He reveals he knows she is Sydney and that she is not British; she admits that she told him and doesn't care. Irving tells Richie what they've gotten into is worse than jail, and since they can't get ten million wired to Tellegio, the jig is up. Richie points out that when Tellegio finds out he's been had, he's not going to go after Richie (an FBI agent) or Carmine (a politician), he's going to go after Irving and his son, as well as Sydney. Richie calls Stoddard again and demands the suite of the Plaza Hotel and to be told the point of the fishing story; Stoddard replies, "Not the way you're behaving." Still frustrated, Richie asks Stoddard where he is and upon being told a location, says he's going to go there right now, to beat his ass. Irving and Sydney are left behind, terrified since they are now in danger. Sydney points out she was Irving's lifeline out, and he blew the chance to run away before. She tells him they have to get over on all these guys, and he agrees that, whatever they do, it will have to be the best con they've ever done. At the FBI headquarters, Anthony Amado is listening to a deposition from Stoddard about Richie threatening to kill him. It's then revealed that Richie has, in fact, beat up Stoddard with a telephone receiver, who has all kinds of bruises on his face and a bandage over his left eye. Richie uses the meeting to request the Sherman Suite in the Plaza Hotel; he points out that the mafia and crooked politicians have intersected, and that they can snag all of them with Anthony's approval. Anthony says he won't wire ten million dollars, but he will pay for the Sherman suite so they can record congressmen taking bribes. He tells Richie he's proud of him. Outside, Stoddard yells at Richie. Richie only asks how the fishing story ends, and when Stoddard refuses to tell him, Richie says he'll call Stoddard's brother. Stoddard replies, "My brother's dead!" Richie then thinks he's figured out the story: Stoddard's brother fell through the ice. Stoddard replies, "No, he died a different way many years later." (The ending to ice fishing story is never revealed) Richie makes amends with both Sydney and Irving in the Plaza Hotel. They set up a room in the Sherman suite with hidden cameras. Carmine calls several congressmen, and tries to convince them to make investment opportunities. Richie videotapes himself putting bribes into suitcases. They meet various congressmen and a senator, pitching the idea to each one. One agrees to expedite the sheikh's citizenship. Several others feel secure in investing because they know Carmine is a good man. One by one, they take all the bribes. Irving feels guilty, knowing Carmine only has good intentions. He steps outside and talks to Sydney who says the only way to help Carmine is through their plan for Tellegio, a plan that makes Irving nervous. Sydney assures him there's only one thing that can mess things up and that's his wife. Cut to Rosalyn dropping Danny off at school and then being picked up by the mob guy, Pete; she has her sweet and sour nail finish in hand. Pete and Rosalyn go to a fancy restaurant where Pete tries to convince her to go to Florida with him, leaving Irving behind. Rosalyn responds by venting about her husband, explaining that she hears him on the phone and that he loves Carmine but hates the curly-headed IRS guy. She expands, explaining that he's in some kind of bind, throwing money to Congress or something. Pete gives Rosalyn a huge wad of cash and says he has to leave to talk to his boss (Tellegio) back home. She tells Pete not to hurt Irving too hard. At home, Rosalyn goes home and sings along to Paul McCartney's "Live and Let Die" while she cleans her house. This is juxtaposed with Irving and Carmine ambushed by Pete and taken for a ride. Rosalyn tells Danny the truth about his father, and tells him not to repeat it. Outside, a car squeals up onto her driveway. Irving enters the house, yelling at Rosalyn, telling her that he knows she was in Pete's car because she had left her sweet and sour nail polish on the dashboard. This tipped him off to know he was in danger. During the drive, the mob guy in the backseat put a canvas bag over Irving's head and then pointed a gun at his neck. Rosalyn defends herself, telling him not to scream at her. But Irving is frantic since he knows how much danger she put him in. She replies, crying, saying she is left alone all day and she just wants him to love her but since he can't, she's going away with Pete. Irving is concerned about how much danger she'd be in if she moved to Florida with a mob guy. She says she only meets people through him, so whom else did he expect her to date instead of him? Irving struggles for a heart pill, and she asks him what kind of trouble he's in. He tells her he has a plan, and it came to him when he was in the canvas bag. We return to a few minutes earlier. Irving tells Pete that he has two million out of the ten that will be wired that week. At home, Rosalyn takes credit for Irving getting himself out of a bad situation, saying she knows how hard he is to motivate, and that she knew if she got Pete to knock some sense into his head, he would figure things out. She tells him about a book she's reading called The Power of Intention, and the reason she sent Pete to him was so Irving could come up with the plan. She tells him, "You're welcome," and in disbelief, he thanks her. Rosalyn tells him maybe she's a better partner than Edith (Sydney), and maybe he underestimated her. She tells him she'll tell Pete she was wrong about the IRS, but points out she was actually right and repeats her the power of intention motto. She then tells him he needs to grow up and face the facts that they should get a divorce. In voice-over, Irving explains that necessity is the mother of invention, and the FBI is willing to wire two million dollars if it means taking down Tellegio and his entire organization. Tellegio won't meet at a public place like the Plaza but only at the office of his attorney. So Irving, Sydney, and Richie visit a skyscraper in New York with high security. They are finally allowed inside, but Tellegio is not there-- only his lawyer, Alfonse Simone, and a secretary. Alfonse admits the trip was unnecessary because everything could have been done with a wire transfer. He gives the number of Tellegio's account on a piece of paper, and tells them Victor is out of town. Richie is upset and says they were willing to come in person to give two million dollars out of respect. Alfonse points out he still has the power of attorney, but Irving suggests they just leave; Sydney and he debate back and forth whether they should stay or not. Irving and Richie start to leave but Sydney stays behind and suggests they call the sheikh. Richie catches on and says they'll call the sheikh if Alfonse explains specifically what the money will be used for. Alfonse responds by revealing, "We will guarantee all proper licenses and construction permits for any hotel-casino that plans to open before the end of the year. And we'll throw in the customary privileges and protections." Richie asks, "What if there's obstacles? What will you do?" Alfonse responds, "If we have to pay somebody off, we'll pay somebody off. If we have to lean on somebody, intimidate somebody, we'll intimidate somebody." He also adds, "At the end of this, we'll teach you how to skim and make some money on the side because we invented skimming and have been doing it for 30 years." This is all captured on a video in Sydney's purse and on a wire in Richie's tie. Richie calls Anthony at the wiring desk with Brenda, the cat lady. Now that they have evidence against Tellegio, Anthony (talking on the phone as if he works for the sheikh) agrees to wire the money to catch Victor accepting a bribe. The money is transferred. Irving, Sydney, and Richie leave. Richie is ecstatic at getting evidence that Tellegio is corrupt. He goes back to the office, screaming about finally getting some respect as everyone in his office cheers. The recording of Alfonse admitting that they intimidate people to get what they want is played and everyone cheers again. In a great mood, Richie begins humping Stoddard's leg, laughing at him as Stoddard leaves the room, moping. Irving and Sydney drive to Carmine's house. While Sydney waits in the car, Irving gets out and reveals to Carmine that the sheikh was a fake and that he was working with the Feds. Carmine gets upset, pointing out that he's been a politician for 20 years and that he didn't want to take the money, but Irving chased after him to convince him to do business, even though his judgment told him to leave. Carmine adds that everything he did was for the good of the people of New Jersey, and he had no selfish motives. Irving knows this is true, and says he has some leverage to make it right. Carmine is just upset, pointing out the ceremonial knife he has on display in his living room and how much he's been fooled. Carmine kicks Irving out of his house as all of Carmine's sons and daughters watch from his staircase, in tears. Irving collapses on his way back to the car, stressed and fumbling for heart pills. Sydney helps him back to the car. They rest on the seats; she kisses his hand and it's obvious they are in love again. Cut to Richie, Stoddard, and Anthony with accusatory stares at the FBI headquarters. Sydney and Irving stand opposite them. Anthony reveals the two million dollars that was wired is missing. An anonymous phone call has told them that in exchange for immunity for Sydney and Irving, and a reduced sentence for Carmine Polito, they will get their two million dollars back. Irving and Sydney refuse any involvement. Richie points out that they can be charged for wire fraud but Irving points out that it was Richie that requested the two million (Irving had tried to convince them to leave), and Richie had given the wiring instructions. Irving also points out that if the public found out about Richie's gross incompetence, the FBI would be a laughing stock. It turns out that when Richie went back to bust Alfonse Simone, there was a divorce attorney there instead. The man Rich thought was Alfonso Simone was actually Ed Malone, the mutual con artist friend who threw the party that Irving first met Sydney at. Richie defends himself by saying he was conned; Irving points out that it makes him look just as incompetent, since he was conned by the very same con men whom he forced to entrap the members of Congress in the first place. He also points out that Richie was only able to find evidence against good guys like Carmine who were really just working to better New Jersey; and that he didn't get anything on the big guys like Tellegio. Stoddard tells Richie he should go home, and that he won't be involved with the case anymore, except for witness testimony. Six congressmen, one senator, and Carmine Polito are all arrested. Because the two million is given back by Irving and Sydney, Carmine's sentence is reduced to 18 months. When the story was written, all accounts of Richie's involvement are left out; he never gets the glory he craved for so long. Sydney and Irving move in together; Rosalyn goes on to live with Pete, who tells Irving that Victor Tellegio appreciates him for making sure he was free of any conviction (since he never took any money, since the two million dollars was wired to Irving and Sydney instead). Before they go, Rosalyn gives Irving the sweet and sour nail finish she says he loves. Sydney becomes a surrogate mother to Danny for whenever Rosalyn's out of town with Pete. She and Irving get a loan from a bank and begin to sell legitimate paintings. The last shot is Sydney back at her apartment, putting Duke Ellington on the record player and staring seductively at Irving. 
 Arrival (II) (2016)651) A linguist works with the military to communicate with alien lifeforms after twelve mysterious spacecraft appear around the world. Linguistics professor Louise Banks leads an elite team of investigators when gigantic spaceships touchdown in 12 locations around the world. As nations teeter on the verge of global war, Banks and her crew must race against time to find a way to communicate with the extraterrestrial visitors. Hoping to unravel the mystery, she takes a chance that could threaten her life and quite possibly all of mankind. Jwelch5742 Aliens have landed on Earth, in 12 different locations. Language professor Louise Banks joins a US army team at one of the locations, in Montana. Her job is to try to learn the aliens' language and enable communication with them. Through regular meetings with two of the aliens she starts to compile a record of the aliens' "language" - a series of drawn symbols. The important question is - are they friend or foe? Other nations with alien landings are starting to view them as a threat, making it a race against time as war with the aliens could erupt at any moment. grantss Twelve bizarre and mysterious alien crafts situate themselves around the world, an expert linguist, Dr. Louise Banks (Amy Adams) is recruited by the military to construct a means of conversing with the aliens to discover whether they arrived with peaceful or threatening intentions. The nations of this world always think things that occur unexpectedly have destructive tendencies. Time is non-linear for the aliens, and they have different means of communication. Michael of lillym_325@yahoo.com In the clear skies of Montana, during an unprecedented worldwide incident of simultaneous first contact with extraterrestrial life forms, an ominous alien pod, out of twelve in total, comes to a standstill, hovering only a few feet over the green prairies. Inevitably, as panic ensues, Colonel G.T. Weber recruits a team of various experts, including the esteemed linguistics and dialectology, Professor Dr Louise Banks, and the theoretical physicist, Dr Ian Donnelly, burdening them with the impossible task to decipher a coded conversation with the intergalactic visitors. But, when all attempts to communicate prove fruitless, a practical, yet very important question will arise: does humanity have enough vocabulary to understand the aliens' answer before a new global war sparks? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with the voice of Dr. Louise Banks (Amy Adams) speaking to someone. We see moments of Louise with her daughter Hannah, from her birth, through her childhood years, up until her death at a young age from a fatal disease (presumably cancer). Louise is a linguist and language professor. She begins her lecture to a small class when the students' phones go off. One student asks Louise to turn on the news. It is reported that in at least 12 sites around the world, there are enormous extraterrestrial vessels touching down. The next day, Louise is visited in her office by Colonel Weber (Forest Whitaker) to utilize her linguistic skills to attempt to communicate with the aliens. At night, Weber shows up in a helicopter to escort Louise to the base. She joins them and meets a theoretical physicist named Ian Donnelly (Jeremy Renner). The team arrives at the Montana landing site, while the other 11 sites around the world have bases set up as well and are continuously updating each other on any progress. Louise, Ian, and several others are brought up to the top of the pod, where the lack of gravity allows them to stand before the glass-like barrier that keeps the aliens back. Two aliens appear. They are surrounded by a mist and they appear as large tentacled creatures (later called "heptapods"). Louise attempts to communicate with them by writing "human" on a board. One of the creatures emits a black cloud that forms a circular symbol. In a bold move, Louise removes her hazmat suit, attempting to gain their trust. She press her palm to the barrier. One of the creatures extends a limb and presses it against the barrier in an imitation of Louise's gesture. After Ian shucks his hazmat suit, he decides to call the two aliens "Abbott and Costello." Tensions rise around the country as uncertainty in the heptapods' intentions has sparked panic, causing people to loot and riot. As the sessions go on, the team records the symbols produced by the heptapods to determine which symbols are translations of the words that Louise has been teaching them ("love", "time", etc.). Later when Louise "touches" them again, she starts to see visions of Hannah. China's General Shang (Tzi Ma) doesn't trust the aliens and has his team deviate from the set plan by ceasing communication of the intelligence they gather to the other world sites. The Chinese site attempts to communicate with the heptapods through a game of mahjong. Louise starts to experience dreams in the alien language, while still seeing memories of Hannah as a child showing Louise a drawing of her parents in a TV show she made up. Hannah asks Louise if it's her fault that her father left, but Louise assures her that's not the case. In the present, Louise questions the aliens as to who this girl is. The aliens deliver a message that is translated to "Use weapon", which generates even greater tension among the other sites. The Chinese deliver an ultimatum to the aliens - they have 24 hours to leave, or the military will initiate a strike. Several other sites gear up to do the same thing, while the sites all disconnect from each other. Louise tells Weber that they need to make sure the aliens know the difference between a weapon and a tool. Louise and Ian go up into the vessel by themselves, unaware that some of the soldiers placed a C4 bomb in there. As they try to communicate with the heptapods, Abbott starts to create a message with hundreds of tiny, scattered symbols. As the bomb is ready to detonate, Abbott drops Louise and Ian from the vessel as it explodes. Neither are seriously injured but both are unconscious. Louise awakens in the base camp, having suffered a mild concussion. With a strike set to happen, she and Ian race to decode Abbott's message. Ian deduces that many of the symbols for "time" are scattered, but he can't exactly determine what it all means. Agent Halpern (Michael Stuhlbarg) then tells the others about how severe the situation is since Russia has reportedly executed one of their own in order to keep their intelligence secret. Louise rushes toward the vessel, which sends down a small pod to take her up to the ship. She comes face-to-face with Costello, who tells her that Abbott is dying from the explosion. Costello emits more black symbol smoke, causing Louise to remember Hannah again. Costello then helps Louise to realize that the heptapods' language is meant to be their tool, or rather, a gift to the humans. By understanding their language, they are able to see into the future. It is revealed here that all of Louise's memories of her daughter Hannah weren't flashbacks, but flash-FORWARDS. Costello explains that they were sent to give humans their language so that they may help the aliens in 3,000 years time. Eighteen months into the future, Louise and Shang will meet face-to-face, and he will express gratitude for her work and efforts, which ended up convincing him just what the alien's true intentions were. Louise takes Halpern's satellite phone and contacts Shang to his personal number. She and Ian lock themselves away as she tries to send a message in which she tells Shang his wife's dying words. The Chinese military decides to stand down as reports start flooding in from all over the world. The vessels all rise from the ground and leave Earth in a cloudy mist. Louise and Ian watch them leave. Ian says that the greatest thing about the whole incident wasn't meeting the aliens, it was meeting Louise. Louise then sees more visions of herself with Hannah, but this time with Ian in the picture. They are to become a couple that will eventually become parents to Hannah. In the present, Louise and Ian embrace, and she tells him she forgot what it was like to be held by him. 