nm0010611:

 Chopin: Desire for Love (2002)Summaries The biography of world famous Polish composer Fryderyk Chopin. A tangled web of unruly passion lies at the center of this drama, chronicling the stormy affair between the great piano virtuoso Frederic Chopin and the flamboyant feminist writer Aurore Dupin, who called herself George Sand. Academy Award nominated Jerzy Antczak directs this sweeping portrayal of the famed composer and his intense but hurtful relationship with George Sand and her children. Chopin's Music known and loved by millions worldwide provides a powerful score that underlines the drama. The world recognized Yo-Yo-MA (cellist), Emanuel Ax (pianist), Yukio Yokoyama (pianist), Janusz Olejniczak pianist), Pamela Frank (violin), Vadim Brodsky (violin) use their talents to brilliantly perform Chopin's music. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mayday (I) (2020)Summaries Janek, who has two wives, skillfully maneuvers between them. The risk that one of his loved ones will learn about a double relationship increases dramatically and every lie will have colossal effects. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 For All Mankind (2019 )Summaries In an alternative version of 1969, the Soviet Union beats the United States to the Moon, and the space race continues on for decades with still grander challenges and goals. In an alternative 1969, the world, and especially the United States, watch in shock as the Soviet Union successfully manages to land men on the Moon before the USA does. With that defeat, NASA is presented with a renewed challenge in the space race that they never expected to face. Now, the cold war rivalry takes on a new intensity and grander ambition to reach far further than ever dreamed and with more diverse resources than ever before. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol1970@gmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Karol: A Man Who Became Pope (2005 TV Movie)Summaries The life of the pope John-Paul II, from his youth as a writer, actor, and athlete in war-torn occupied Poland to his election as Pope at the age of 58. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 