nm0003253:

 Time Share (2000)Summaries Two single parents, one man and one woman, along with their kids, have to involuntarily share a house for their holidays. A residence on Balboa holiday island gets rented to two families, who meet while fighting for first spot on the ferry. Restaurant chef Matthew 'Matt' Farragher work long hours, but is such fun when at home that cheerful son Lewis and nagging daughter Daphne still love him to death. German genetics researcher Dr. Julia Weiland raised her sons from an American father, adolescent Thomas and preteen Max, well-behaved but boring. Her lab partner and fiance Russel's true passion is GM vegetables. All the boys bond naturally, despite Julia's over-protective objections. Matt coaches Thomas on his love-life and Lewis teaches Max sailing. Bridging the gorge between the parents will take much more - what will some drama do for them all? KGF Vissers The divorced American chef Matthew "Matt" Farragher takes two week vacation to spend with his son Lewis and his daughter Daphne Farragher in the Balboa Island, in Panama. The German researcher of the genetically modified vegetables Dr. Julia Weiland is also taking vacation in Balboa with her sons Thomas and Max and her boring fianc Russell. Matt gives freedom to his children and has fun with them while the uptight Julia raises her sons with rigid discipline. While driving to the ferry to the island, Matt and Julia have an argument. Soon they learn that they both rented the same house by the sea due to a mistake of the real estate. Further, the hotels and island are completely booked and they need to share the house. However, along the days their initial animosity begins to change while their children get along with each other very well. But Russell wants to marry Julia and Matt's girlfriend Felice wants to go one step ahead in their relationship. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Souvenir (I) (2016)Summaries A forgotten European Song Contest singer, fading away in a pt factory, falls in love with a young aspiring boxer. Together they decide to attempt her comeback. Because of the stupid life in a pt-factory, former singer Laura falls in love with a colleague, a much younger boy and boxer, and after a small performance, a reenactment of her singing character, she tries to reenter the national song contest. imperiumclassicum Liliane (Isabelle Huppert) lives a modest and monotonous life. By day, she works in a pt factory, and by night, she sits on the couch and watches TV. One day, a new worker named Jean (Kvin Azas) arrives. The two form a platonic relationship, but Jean grows increasingly convinced that he recognizes Liliane from a European singing contest he saw as a child. Eventually, he convinces her to confront her past. Amazon It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 High Fantasy (2017)Summaries 4 young South Africans go on a camping trip to the white girl's family farm. When they wake up next day, they've magically switched bodies. Later, when they've switched back, they're interviewed documentary style. A group of young friends on a camping trip, deep in the South African countryside wake up to discover they have all swapped bodies. Their individual cultural heritage and experience of these strange happenings couldn't be more different; and stranded in the wilderness, they will have to navigate a personal-political labyrinth if their friendship and their lives are ever to be the same again. The stage is set for comedy to turn to tragedy, for the fantasy of South Africa's "Rainbow Nation" to become a painful awakening. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Flatland (2019)Summaries A contemporary Western, a journey of self-discovery for three different but equally trapped women. A portrait of femininity against a hostile land, questioning what it means to be a woman today in South Africa and the world at large. The world of lonely, middle-age policewoman Beauty Cuba changes forever when she receives a call for help from Billy, the lost love of her life who has recently been re-arrested for murder. Beauty returns to her home town of Beaufort West, deep in the heart of the surreal landscape of the Karoo semi-desert and quickly learns that this case is not as simple as she thought. The real culprit of this accidental murder is a painfully shy young woman named Natalie who flees her small, rural town on horseback and teams up with her now pregnant childhood friend Poppie to outrun the law. Flatland is a journey of self-discovery for these three different but equally desperate women, painting a vivid and unique portrait of femininity against a hostile frontier-land and questions what it means to be a women in contemporary South Africa and the world at large. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 