nm0004540:

 Ip Man 2 (2010)431) Centering on Ip Man's migration to Hong Kong in 1949 as he attempts to propagate his discipline of Wing Chun martial arts. Ip Man 2 is a 2010 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film loosely based on the life of Ip Man, a grandmaster of the martial art Wing Chun. A sequel to the 2008 film Ip Man, the film was directed by Wilson Yip, and stars Donnie Yen, who reprises the leading role. Continuing after the events of the earlier film, the sequel centers on Ip's movements in Hong Kong, which is under British colonial rule. He attempts to propagate his discipline of Wing Chun, but faces rivalry from other practitioners, including the local master of Hung Ga martial arts. jck movies In 1950, Yip Man (1893-1972) has left Foshun for Hong Kong. With his wife expecting their second child, Yip opens a martial arts school to teach Wing Chun. Things start slowly and even when he has students, Yip doesn't always collect tuition. Yip also runs afoul of the local guild of martial arts masters: they demand that he defeat each of them before they will let his school continue; the elder of the group, Master Hong Zhen Nan, also demands a sizable payment. Yip is defiant. Then, things go terribly wrong with the British when their boxing champion insults Chinese martial arts at a public demonstration. Master Hong steps up to defend Chinese honor, but will that be enough? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Continuing from where the first film ended, Wing Chun master Ip Man and his family move to Hong Kong in the early 1950s after their escape from Foshan. There, Ip desires to open a school to propagate his art, as well as to make his living, but he has difficulty attracting students due to his lack of reputation in the city. One day, a young man named Wong Leung appears and promptly challenges Ip to a fight, but is easily defeated. Wong leaves humiliated, only to return with some friends to gang up on him. Ip beats them as well. Stunned and impressed by his skills, Wong and his friends become Ip's first students, bringing more disciples to help the school thrive. Wong is later caught posting promotional posters for the school by some Hung Gar students. One of them challenges Wong to a fight and loses, but his friends take Wong hostage in revenge and demand a ransom from Ip. Ip goes to the local wet market as directed, but the meeting ends in a confrontation with a growing mob of Hung Ga students. Ip and Wong fight their way outside to meet Jin Shanzhao the martial artist and former bandit in the first film who comes to their rescue with his own gang. The students' master, Hung Chun-nam, arrives to break up the fight. Ip introduces himself, and Hung informs him that before setting up a school, he needs to attend a special fighting ceremony to test his skill. Ip, Wong and Jin are subsequently arrested by Officer Fatso for disturbing the peace but are later released on bail. Hung and Fatso are then shown to be acting as reluctant collectors for the martial arts schools (including Hung's) as part of a protection racket headed by Superintendent Wallace, a corrupt officer in the Hong Kong police. Ip attends the ceremony and defeats his first challengers, and then strikes a draw with the last challenger, Hung. Ip is allowed to keep running his school on the condition that he pay the monthly protection fees, but he declines. Hung thus has his students loiter in front of the Wing Chun school and harass anyone interested, causing a street brawl between them and Ip's disciples. Ip is thus forced to close up and move the school nearer to home. Ip soon confronts Hung and nearly engage in another fight before being interrupted by Hung's family. Ip leaves, and the next day, Hung invites him to a British boxing match he had helped to set up, quietly coming to terms with him. The boxing competition begins with the various martial arts schools demonstrating their skills. However, the event's star boxer, Taylor "The Twister" Milos, openly insults and attacks the students, causing chaos as the masters try to restore order. Hung accepts Twister's challenge to a fight so that he can defend his culture. Although Hung has the upper hand at first, he begins to weaken from asthma and is eventually beaten to death. News of Hung's death rapidly spreads throughout the enraged Chinese populace, causing a scandal that spurs Wallace to hold a press conference, where he states that Hung's death was an accident, and Twister announces that he will accept any challenge from the Chinese. Ip arrives and accepts the challenge. As his wife goes into labor, Ip finishes training and begins his fight with Twister. Ip manages to exchange blows with the boxer but is knocked down many times, but in the end he finally manages to knock him out. While the Chinese audience cheers, Wallace is arrested by his superiors for corruption, as Fatso had secretly reported him. Ip then gives a speech to the audience, stating that despite the differences between their races, he wishes for everyone to respect each other. Ip goes home and reunites with his family, including his newborn second son, Ip Ching. A final scene shows Ip being introduced to a boy who wishes to study Wing Chun: Bruce Lee. Ip smiles and simply tells the boy to come back when he is older. 
 I Spy (2002)431) A professional athlete has to help a U.S. government agent recover a missing jet. When the Switchblade, the most sophisticated prototype stealth fighter created yet, is stolen from the U.S. government, one of the United States' top spies, Alex Scott, is called to action. What he doesn't expect is to get teamed up with a cocky civilian, World Class Boxing Champion Kelly Robinson, on a dangerous top secret espionage mission. Their assignment: using equal parts skill and humor, catch Arnold Gundars, one of the world's most successful illegal arms dealers, and foil his treacherous plans for the plane. Anonymous When a high tech fighter plane's stolen, the U.S. government believe that an arms dealer named Gundars has it and plans to sell it. So they send Alexander Scott to retrieve it. Now Scott though well-trained, is a little inexperienced and spends most of his time pining after another (female) agent. Now his superiors tell him that the best way for them to get close to Gundars is; Kelly Robinson, an egotistical and cocky boxer, who has a fight that's scheduled to take place in the city that Gundars has the plane, and Gundars is a fan of his. While the operation seems to go well, Kelly's cockiness gets them in trouble. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After a botched rescue operation, special agent Alex Scott ( Owen Wilson ) returns to National Security headquarters, and, after a brief conversation with Carlos, the revered super spy in the bureau, he is assigned a new mission by his boss, which is to recover as stolen invisible jet with agent Rachel Wright ( Famke Janssen ), and a civilian partner. He is then introduced to his civilian partner who will help get him into the party where the current owner of the stolen craft, arms dealer Arnold Gundars ( Malcolm McDowell ), will be, and that civilian is famous boxer Kelly Robinson ( Eddie Murphy ). Robinson is attending the party to tease the press about his upcoming match with boxer Cedric Mills ( Darren Shahlavi ). After meeting Robinson and his entourage, Alex flies to Budapest with them, and he and Robinson have a disagreeable plane flight, and the two obviously don't like each other. Once in Budapest, Alex and Robinson are outside their hotel when Robinson is accosted by a beautiful woman who is supposedly a fan of his. Robinson leaves with her, to Alex's dismay. Once away from Alex, a van pulls up and masked men jump out and kidnap Robinson, throwing them into the van, and the woman gets in and they drive away. They take him to an unknown location and tie him up, demanding information on Alex and the operation. Just then, Alex bursts in, guns blazing, and saves him. The woman and Alex struggle with each other, but they stop, and Robinson is confused when they both start laughing. The "dead bad guys" stand up, and Alex tells him that this was all a test to see if he was ready, and the woman is actually Rachel. The walls of the room are pulled down to reveal the inside of the makeshift headquarters of the operation, with agents milling about. Alex and Robinson then gear up and leave for the party. The two quickly infiltrate the party, with Robinson distracting Gundars and Alex breaking into Gundars' office. Robinson gives Gundars an autograph, but the villain leaves to take a bid on the stolen jet from another man, and Robinson creates another distraction by luring Cedric Mills into a ring and sparring with him for the reporters. Meanwhile, in the office, Alex waits until Gundars and the potential buyer leave, and he repels down from the ceiling so as not to trip the silent alarm. Robinson comes in, looking for him, and accidentally trips the alarm. Alex grabs him and starts to pull them up to the ceiling with the cable, but Gundars comes in and sees them, and orders his men to meet them on the roof. The two make it to the roof, but quickly avoid gunfire from incoming henchmen, and out of options, jump off of the roof and land on a food tent below. After untangling themselves, they disguise as waiters and begin to walk away, but more bad guys see them, and the chase continues. They eventually hide in a trolley and knock one pursuer out, but are discovered by others. Alex uses a gadget which inflates a large, concealed balloon, and the two grab hold of it and it floats upward and carries them over the freeway, where they let go and land on a truck transporting several cars. After crushing a blowing up several cars, they commandeer one of them and drive off, but then trade their car for a scooter. The men chase them into a street, but a train goes by and obscures them from the men's view, allowing them to hide in the sewer for the night The next morning, they return to their headquarters, and Rachel is relieved to learn that Alex is alright. Alex, who is obviously taken by Rachel, had admitted to Robinson the previous night that he likes her, and Robinson encourages him to take a chance and hook up with her. Rachel goes in the next room to take a nap, and Alex follows her. Robinson gives Alex advice on what to through an earpiece, and after a long, awkward conversation, Rachel admits that she's had a crush on Alex, despite her romantic escapades with Carlos. The two are about to have sex when other agents inform them that a tracker that Robinson slipped onto Gundars at the party is moving. Alex and Robinson head to the location, a bathhouse, and Robinson senses something going on. Suddenly, all of the men inside pull guns on them, and a large shootout ensues. Alex ends it by shooting them all, and shooting an exposed pipe which results in a large explosion. They race outside in time to see Gundars' car speed away with Rachel's car in pursuit, however, Rachel's car suddenly explodes, and Alex, distraught, flees the scene with Robinson. The two walk back to headquarters, and Alex, furious over Rachel's death, blames it on Robinson. The two get into a fist fight in the street, and several cops arrive, and break it up. Alex tells them that Robinson tried to mug him, and they arrest Robinson and take him away. Alex makes his way back to headquarters, and finds it completely dismantled and deserted, and he is able to convince his boss to continue the mission during a phone call, despite having nothing to show so far, and he uses the tracker and continues after Gundars. Meanwhile, Robinson is able to make it to his match with Cedric, and he enters the ring and begins the fight. Meanwhile, Alex tracks Gundars to the top of a bridge, where he's selling the concealed jet to a buyer. Alex takes all of the men by surprise, putting a gun to Gundars' head, and he has them all lay down their arms, when suddenly, he's disarmed by Rachel, who is alive, and working for Gundars. She then ties up Alex and beats him up, and stabs him in the leg, in an attempt to get him to reveal the activation codes for the jet. Alex is able to activate an eye camera device he had given to Robinson earlier that allows them to see what the other other is seeing, and Robinson, seeing Alex in trouble, quickly defeats Cedric and leaves to save Alex. Alex gives them the codes, but Robinson arrives, and a massive shootout begins. Together, Alex and Robinson manage to take out most of the men, when an aircraft suddenly flies overhead and Carlos parachutes in, shooting the last few bad guys. He holds all of their enemies at gun point while Alex disarms the jet's weapons, but Robinson thinks that Carlos is dirty, and punches him. Alex, after disarming the jet, gets into an intense fight with Carlos, and after he and Robinson beat him, they realize that Rachel is gone. They attempt to fly the jet back to National Security headquarters, but it crashes into a body of water on the way back, and Alex and Robinson survive, and they recover a deadly bomb that was on board. Later, in Monte Carlo, Alex and Robinson catch up to Rachel and arrest her, and Alex convinces Robinson to accompany him back to headquarters. 
 Alone in the Dark (2005)541) A detective of the paranormal slowly unravels mysterious events with deadly results. Edward Carnby, detective of the paranormal, unexplained and supernatural, investigates a mystery (the recent death of a friend) with clues leading to "Shadow Island" that brings him face to face with bizarre horrors that prove both psychologically disturbing and lethal, as he discovers that evil demons worshiped by an ancient culture called the Abskani are planning on coming back to life in the 21st century to once again take over the world... and only he and a young genius anthropologist with an incredible memory (and his ex-girlfriend), Aline Cedrac, stand in their way, at a gateway to hell. Standing in Carnby's way, however, is the impact that a brief encounter with an evil spirit called the Queen had upon his mind, as he slowly finds himself overpowered by the forces of darkness as they eat away at his very sanity... Me Investigating a supernatural force, Edward Carnby finds himself on the toughest case of his career. With an archaeologist helping him to trace his findings back through time for centuries, the mystery only gets more complicated the further they delve into it. Anonymous In 1967, mine workers find the remnants of an ancient vanished civilization named Abkani that believe there are the worlds of light and darkness. When they opened the gate between these worlds ten thousand years ago, something evil slipped through before the gate was closed. Twenty-two years ago, the Government Paranormal Research Agency Bureau 713 was directed by Professor Lionel Hudgens, who performed experiments with orphan children. On the present days, one of these children is the paranormal investigator Edward Carnby, who has just gotten an Abkani artifact in South America, and is chased by a man with abilities. When an old friend of foster house disappears in the middle of the night, he discloses that demons are coming back to Earth. With the support of the anthropologist Aline Cedrac and the leader of the Bureau 713, Cmdr. Richard Burke, and his squad, they battle against the evil creatures. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The narrator reads a long, boring story about the existence of an ancient Native American civilization which disappeared for unknown reasons. Present Day. Edward Carnby (Christian Slater) is on board an airplane and has a nightmare, in which he remembers how he hid himself in a high-voltage box as a child, while staring at some alien-like creatures. As an adult (explaining in a voice-over narration), Edward looks for remains of an extinct Indian tribe, the Abkani, which disappeared suddenly 10,000 years ago for reasons unexplained. He's found a trinket piece of something related to it. On his way to the museum where Aline Cedrac (Tara Reid), an assistant curator and Edward's ex-girlfriend, works and is scanning some more Abkani pieces, he is attacked by somebody with supernatural abilities named James Pinkerton (Ed Anders) who tries to steal the artifact that he has, but Edward fights him off. At the same time, Professor Lionel Hudgens (Matthew Walker) almost doesn't make it alive from a sea voyage, where he finds the "edegus" or something like that. The ship's crew finds a coffin made of gold from the ocean floor. After they dock, the evil and greedy captain of the salvage tug locks up Hudgens and his men open the gold coffin... even though Hudgens asks them not to do so. Five minutes afterwards, they are all dead but for Hudgens, imprisoned inside a storage room on the ship. Hudgens slips away ashore after collecting another item from the empty gold coffin, which apparently contained a mysterious creature. Upon the opening of the gold coffin, an old friend of Edward disappears into the night. Several other people across the USA and Canada walk off in a trance as if being drawn by some beacon. Edward hears a ear-splitting screech while in his apartment looking over the Abkani artifact. At the same time in an underground military facility, called Research Agency Bureau 713, the location of the opening of the gold coffin is relayed by the control room techs who report it to their bureau chief by the evidence of the electro-magnetic wave that appears on their monitors. Edward, a paranormal investigator and former agent of Bureau 713, thinks it's related to the Abkani. The old friend was a fellow orphan, from when Hudgens convinced Sister Clara (Karin Konoval) to run some experiments on the children without anybody's consent (shown in another flashback). Edward investigates. Edward arrives that same evening at the Natural History Museum where he is reunited with a not-so-happy Aline with the artifact and she shows him another Abkani artifact that recently arrived and she has been working on it since Professor Hudgens is away. Just then, the mysterious creature from the ship attacks them inside the museum, killing a security guard, but Edward and Aline hide in a storage closet long enough for troopers from Bureau 713 to arrive, and the creature (which is a four-legged, fast-moving beast resembling a cross between a panther and the creatures of 'Aliens') retreats into the night. Commander Richard Burke (Stephen Dorff), the team leader of the Bureau 713 strike force, arrives where Edward tries to relay information to him that something big is going down, but Burke rebukes him, saying that since he no longer works for Bureau 713, to stay out of their investigation. The next day, Edward tries to get information from his former co-workers at Bureau 713, one of whom is staff surgeon and pathologist Sam Fischer (Frank C. Turner), to learn more about the creature encountered as well as the history of the Abkani. At the same time, Professor Hudges arrives back at the museum where he goes to his office where he has a captured creature (whether this is the same creature from the ship or a different one is never fully explained). Hudgens uses a syringe to draw fluid from the captive creature to study it as part of his further research to combine the DNA of man and beast. Edward continues investigating his past by going to his former orphanage to learn more about Hudges research, and then back to his apartment where Aline is and they consumate their attraction to each other. While the Bureau 713 soldiers are patroling the museum, they are attacked by several creatures, who are the missing people that wondered off upon the opening of the gold coffin containing the creature. During the firefight, several soldiers, and most of the human-creatures are killed. Edward arrives on the scene and talks more with Burke, who again tells him away. However, during a scuffle, Edward picks Burke's pocket containing his Bureau 713 security badge. The next morning, Edward goes to Bureau 713 where he talks with Fischer in the morgue looking at one of the dead bodies, where Fischer shows Edward a small, cenntipede-like baby creature in the dorsal spine of his old friend Pinkeron. Fischer also discovers that Edward has one of his own in his body, but it is dead, presumably because of the contact with the electro-shock while Edward was a child. Fischer tells him that he could take the creature out, but leaving him disabled. As the monster looks dead, it's not an urgent matter. Burke and his men arrive and escort Edward out of the morgue and the building. That evening, Professor Hudges ambushes Fischer as he arrives home to find his wife dead. Hudges inserts a baby creature into Fischer's mouth, thereby putting him under his control. Edward discovers that the Abkani had fought those creatures which can get killed by light (that's why they always move around on dark places). They also disrupt electrical light, creating blackouts. The Abkani artifacts found all over the world actually open the gate to another dimension, where millions of those creatures are sleeping, waiting to be freed and kill humans. Hudgens is making further experiments with the creature he's captured somehow when he takes some of the creature's blood and injects it into his veins. That way, he becomes a semi-alien being and can control the monsters. At the climax, Aline, Edward, Burke and the latter's military squad go to Edward's orphanage, where there are strong electro-magnetic disruptions. They are attacked by dozens of these reptilian-like monsters and there is a climactic and violent 20-minute fight where almost all creatures and humans kill one another. Edward, Burke and Aline reach the old surgery room underground where the baby creature was transplanted into Edward. There, Hudgens takes Edward's piece of archeological remains and opens the gate. Millions of creatures start to wake up and run down a huge cave. They go down the walls but they don't approach the gate for some reason, giving time for the three good characters to kill Hudgens, run away only to realize that they can't detonate the bomb from such a long distance. Burke comes back and blows everything up... himself along with the creatures. Edward and Aline rise to the surface at the back of the orphanage at dawn, only to find an evacuated city without people, cars abandoned on the streets. They walk down the street, but several noises are heard. The last shot shows them in the middle of an empty road turning around suddenly, supposedly to confront one of the creatures.... regardless of it being day. Aren't the monsters hurt by light? Because the gate hasn't been closed properly, the door has been left open for a second installment. (No, please!) 
 Repo Men (2010)321) Set in the near future when artificial organs can be bought on credit, it revolves around a man who struggles to make the payments on a heart he has purchased. He must therefore go on the run before said ticker is repossessed. In the near future, the company "The Union" provides expensive prosthesis to improve the lives of the clients. However, the company sends repo men to retrieve the artificial organs for those that do not pay the installments. The former soldiers Remy and his best friend Jake are among the best repo men of the company; however Remy's job cost his marriage and his wife Carol leaves him. When Remy is ready to request to be transferred to the sales department expecting to save his marriage, he has an accident with a defibrillator and he needs heart transplantation. The prosthesis is very expensive and Remy changes his behavior after the medical procedure, and he is no longer capable of chasing the debtors. Meanwhile Remy helps the singer Beth, who owes a large amount to The Union, and sooner they are chased by the repo men. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2025, a corporation called The Union has perfected the creation of artificial organs, which have replaced organ transplants. A potential customer can apply for an organ, which is sold on credit, at high interest. If a customer is unable to maintain payments, after three months, a repo-man is sent after the customer to 'reclaim' Union property. The process of the repossession is bloody & brutal, and often results in the death of the customer. Remy is one of the Union's top repo-men, who partners with his childhood friend, Jake, to collect on past due accounts. Remy is highly regarded within The Union as their top performer, though his occupation causes problems with his wife, who sees it as unsavory. After she leaves Remy when Jake commits a repossession in front of their home, Remy decides to transfer to a sales job, much to Jake's chagrin. As his final repossession job, Remy is sent to the residence of a music producer, whose work he happens to admire. After allowing the man enough time to complete a song, Remy prepares to repossess his heart. When he attempts to use a heart defibrillator to stop the unit, the defibrillator malfunctions, sending a large electrical shock through his body and knocking him into a coma. When Remy awakens from his coma, he is informed by Jake and Frank, his co-workers, that the shock severely damaged his heart. He can be fitted with an artificial heart, or die. When Remy attempts to flee the hospital, he quickly becomes winded and weak & is unable to escape. He reluctantly agrees to the procedure. Remy goes back to work, but is unable to perform his job, because he is just like the people he is repossessing from. He attempts to transition into sales, but quickly finds himself behind in payments. Jake takes Remy to the outskirts of the city to a nest, which is a collection of people who have past due accounts with the Union, but are fleeing to avoid being repossessed. Remy is again unable to perform a repossession, after which he is abandoned by Jake until he can perform his job. Remy is attacked by a pair of men from whom he was expected to repossess artiforgs, and knocked out. Remy, upon awakening, encounters Beth, whom he had met earlier in a bar where she was singing. He discovers that she has multiple body parts on which she is past due, and is currently suffering from a drug addiction. Remy takes her to a motel room, where he stays with her as she goes through withdrawal. After Jake interrupts his attempt to falsify artiforg returns on both of them back at the Union's headquarters, Remy leaves unassailed by Jake, returns to Beth, & the two leave to live in the outskirts. The pair live, for a time, in relative harmony. Remy uses an old typewriter that Beth has found to type up a narrative of his life, and subsequent conversion. As he finishes, a repo-man arrives to repossess his heart, but as he approaches Remy, he falls through a hole Remy has covered in the damaged floor, crashing to the floor below, unconscious. Then Beth, who was hiding behind the door, also falls when the floor collapses under her, re-injuring her leg. From above, Remy sees the Repo man coming to, readying to tranquilize or taze Beth. Remy drops the heavy typewriter onto him through the floor, crushing his head, to save himself and Beth. Using the repo-man's vehicle, Remy sneaks back into his former workplace to obtain a pair of devices that fool organ scanners used by repo-men. He attempts to force Frank to clear his account, only to discover that due to his previous aborted attempt, all accounts can now only be cleared back at the Union's central office. Remy and Beth attempt to flee the country at the airport, but are taken by security when it is discovered that Beth's prosthetic knee was damaged in their earlier encounter with the repo-man. Once inside, they are forced to fight against airport security and another pair of repo-men. They are able to kill or incapacitate all of them, and while escaping, come face to face through impenetrable safety glass, with Jake, who has now been assigned Remy's account. The pair head to a black market doctor, where Beth's knee is replaced. After the procedure, the two are stopped by Jake, who has tracked the pair. A bitter fight ensues, during which Jake reveals that it was he who rigged the defibrillator unit to malfunction, necessitating Remy's heart replacement; he did this intending to ensure that Remy would have to keep his organ repossession job, so they could get promoted together. The two fight, but Jake gains the upper hand, and knocks Remy unconscious by hitting him in the head with a heavy steel chain & hook. Remy is awakened by Beth, and as they escape a raid by the Union's repo-men, they are pulled into a safe house by an underground network of artiforg refugees. The two survive the night, but Remy is overcome with remorse after finding the corpses of the victims of the Union raid. He resolves to destroy the corporation and clear the accounts of Beth and himself. After passing his story to his son during a brief meeting on a train, the pair travel to The Union's headquarters, hoping to remove themselves from the system. Remy and Beth are pursued throughout the building, and after an intense battle against Remy's former colleagues, arrive at the Pink Door, the main database for the Union. Scanning Beth's prosthetic eye, they are able to seal themselves inside just as Jake and Frank arrive. Once inside, they discover that the server does not have any interface, except for a scanner. Remy realizes that the only way to remove themselves from the system is to repo their artiforgs. Remy and Beth cut themselves open in order to use the scanner internally, clearing their accounts. Jake and Frank are able to enter through the use of an artificial organ removed from one of the guards killed by Remy, and see Remy trying desperately to resuscitate Beth, who has stopped breathing during the process. Jake asks Remy if she was worth all the hardship and pain that he has put himself through, which he confirms. Frank pulls a gun to kill Remy, but Jake turns on his employer, stabbing him with a knife. Jake then assists Remy in reviving Beth, after which he deposits two explosives inside the organ return unit. The explosion destroys the Union's mainframe, wiping all the client account records out of the system. Later, Remy is on a tropical beach, enjoying his freedom with Beth and Jake. His text from earlier in the film has been published into a book, The Repossession Mambo. Remy turns to look at Jake, but instead the background flickers and voices are heard. It is revealed that Remy, in fact, sustained brain injury when Jake hit him with the metal hook earlier in the film. Jake, out of guilt & remorse, has paid off Remy's account and has had him placed on a Neural Network machine, allowing him to live the rest of his life in a dream. Beth is still alive but unconscious, and when questioned as to what to do with her, Jake replies he'll "take care of her". This renders the second half of the film as simply a fantasy of Remy's. Jake finds Remy's manuscript, which he greets with a bitter chuckle, as his former partner is wheeled away, presumably to spend the rest of his days in his fantasy world. The film ends with Frank delivering his usual sales pitch in a commercial, then back to Remy's beach fantasy, where Jake is handing him a tropical drink, saying, "A little fruit, for the fruit?" (now, a 'vegetable'!) Remy leans back, looks down at Beth walking by the water, sips, smiles, and laughs. 