nm0002264:

 Extremedays (2001)Summaries As four lifelong friends, Will, Bryan, Matt, and Corey, are on the road trip they've been planning their whole lives, Corey's beloved grandfather unexpectedly dies. When going to claim Corey's inheritance, the gang meets Matt's beautiful cousin Jessie and embark on a hilarious, extreme sports-filled adventure. doggans It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 No Code of Conduct (1998)Summaries A cop, his partner, and his father uncover a plot by city elders to smuggle drugs from Mexico into Phoenix, Arizona. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chain of Command (2000)Summaries Secret Service agents must retrieve the briefcase allowing the President control of America's nuclear arsenal before massive destruction ensues. Connelly, a secret service agent whose contempt for the new president's morals makes him unwilling to take a bullet for the guy is transferred to 'football duty'. The football in question is the briefcase which gives the president control over the whole of America's nuclear arsenal. It must be kept within 40 feet of him at all times and officers guarding it have responsibility only for the briefcase. However, during unofficial negotiations with a prominent Chinese businessman both the president and the football are captured. <blessed_damosel@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 RuPaul's Drag Race (2009 )Summaries RuPaul searches for America's next drag superstar. Join RuPaul, the most famous drag queen in the world, as the host, mentor and inspiration on RuPaul's Drag Race, the ultimate in drag queen competitions. Playing a dual role, RuPaul reigns supreme in all judging and eliminations, while RuPaul, the man, helps guide the contestants as they prepare for each challenge. Contestants include the nation's most outrageous, cutting-edge, talented and stunningly gorgeous drag queens all fighting for the title (and tiara) as top drag queen of the land. Working with our contestants are top models, designers and American idols all rolled up into one. Each week, through the trials and tribulations of glam, glitter and show-stopping performances, one drag queen is eliminated until reaching the next superstar drag queen of America. fitzwilliam It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 