nm0004912:

 The Mummy (1999)761) At an archaeological dig in the ancient city of Hamunaptra, an American serving in the French Foreign Legion accidentally awakens a mummy who begins to wreak havoc as he searches for the reincarnation of his long-lost love. An English librarian called Evelyn Carnahan becomes interested in starting an archaeological dig at the ancient city of Hamunaptra. She gains the help of Rick O'Connell, after saving him from his death. What Evelyn, her brother Jonathan and Rick are unaware of is that another group of explorers are interested in the same dig. Unfortunately for everyone, this group ends up unleashing a curse which been laid on the dead High Priest Imhotep. Now 'The Mummy' is awake and it's going to take a lot more than guns to send him back to where he came from. Film_Fan Doomed to suffer unimaginable torture for all eternity, the traitorous high priest of Pharaoh Seti I, Imhotep, is buried alive. Nearly three millenniums later, in 1926, the intrepid American adventurer, Rick O'Connell, the bookish British Egyptologist, Evelyn, and her brother, Jonathan, unwisely embark on a dangerous treasure hunt in the lost city of Hamunaptra, only to inadvertently set free Imhotep. Now, the slowly regenerating creature plans his revenge, hell-bent on unleashing ten devastating plagues upon Egypt, and, above all, reunite with his eternal lover, Anck-Su-Namun. Do Rick, Evelyn, and Jonathan have what it takes to thwart the ancient entity's evil plans? Can they stop the Mummy? Nick Riganas As punishment for killing Pharaoh Seti and touching his mistress Anck Su Namun, Egyptian priest Imhotep was cursed and mummified alive. But in 1923 he is inadvertently resurrected by treasure hunters and must be stopped before he can wreak his final vengeance on the world. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> In 1923, a group of archeologists stumble upon a tomb at Hamunaptra. Inside this tomb the group finds the body of Imhotep, Pharoah Seti's priest and one-time lover of Seti's mistress. However, when the group accidentally brings Imhotep back to life, the results are fatal. Emma B. In ancient Egypt, high priest Imhotep started a forbidden relationship with Anck Su Namun, Pharaoh Seti's Mistress. When Seti finds out about what's going on, Imhotep and his loved one stab him, but can't escape the trustworthy guards: Anck Su Namun chooses to commit suicide while Imhotep is bestowed with the Hom-Dai, the most feared curse of all: He is mummified alive in Hamunaptra, the city of the Dead. More than thirty-six centuries later, in 1923, to be exact, adventurer Rick leads Egyptologist Evelyn and her brother Jonathan to mysterious Hamunaptra. While Jonathan is keen on finding the legendary Egyptian treasures, Evelyn wants to search for the Book of the Living, which would clarify a lot in historical knowledge about the ancient Egyptians. Unfortunately, they and a rivaling group of careless American adventurers free Imhotep's mummy from his eternal prison. Now, with the ancient and quite agile high priest on the loose, the adventurers and scientists face not only a dangerous enemy, but also a massive threat to today's world: Imhotep wants to bring Anck Su Namun back to life by using Evelyn's body, but he also wants to rid the world of the disbelieving crowd of democracy-supporters to be able to enforce his tyrannic dictatorship. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Egypt, circa 1290 BC, high priest Imhotep engages in an affair with Anck-su-Namun, the mistress of Pharaoh Seti, despite strict rules that other men are forbidden to touch her. When the Pharaoh discovers their tryst, Imhotep and Anck-su-Namun murder the monarch. Imhotep is dragged away by his priests before the Pharaoh's guards can discover his involvement; Anck-su-Namun then kills herself, intending for Imhotep to resurrect her. After Anck-su-Namun's burial, Imhotep breaks into her crypt and steals her corpse. He and his priests flee across the desert to Hamunaptra, the City of the Dead, where they begin the resurrection ceremony. However, they are caught by Seti's guards before the ritual could be completed, and Anck-su-Namun's soul is sent back to the Underworld. For their sacrilege, Imhotep's priests are mummified alive, and Imhotep himself is forced to endure the curse of Hom Dai: his tongue is cut out and he is buried alive with a swarm of flesh-eating scarabs. The ritual curses him to become an immortal walking plague if he were ever to be resurrected. He is buried under high security, sealed away in a sarcophagus below a statue of the Egyptian god Anubis, and kept under strict surveillance throughout the ages by the Medjai, descendants of Seti's palace guards. If Imhotep were ever to be released, the powers that made him immortal would allow him to unleash a wave of destruction and death upon the Earth. In 1923, soldiers from the French Foreign Legion, led by American Rick O'Connell, make a final stand at Hamunaptra against an overwhelming force of Medjai warriors. The soldiers are massacred and O'Connell makes a final retreat inside the city, only to be cornered by a group of Medjai. However, they flee when Imhotep's evil presence manifests itself, leaving him to die in the desert. In 1926, Cairo librarian and aspiring Egyptologist, Evelyn Carnahan is presented with an intricate box and map by her bumbling brother Jonathan, who says he found it in Thebes. The map seems to point the way to the lost city of Hamunaptra, where all of the wealth of Egypt was supposedly stored; however, the museum curator, Dr. Bey, dismisses Hamunaptra as a myth, and accidentally damages the map. Jonathan reveals he actually stole it from an American (revealed to be O'Connell), who is currently in prison, and may be able to tell more about Hamunaptra. Rick tells them that he knows the location of the city from his days in the Foreign Legion. He makes a deal with Evelyn to reveal the location of Hamunaptra, in exchange for Evelyn saving Rick from being hanged. Evelyn successfully negotiates his release from the prison warden by offering him 25% of the found treasure; however, the warden insist on coming along in order to protect his investment. They board a ship to start their expedition to the city, where they encounter a band of American treasure hunters led by the famed Egyptologist Dr. Allen Chamberlain, and guided by Beni Gabor, a cowardly former Legion soldier who served with Rick and also knows the location of the lost city. During the journey, the boat is invaded by Medjai soldiers who are looking for Evelyn's box and the map. The expedition manages to fight them off, but the map is lost and the boat goes up in flames, forcing the entire party to go ashore. Rick, Evelyn and Jonathan are separated from the other treasure hunters and procure camels at a nearby market. Since Rick knows the way to the city, they arrive at Hamunaptra at the same time as the other party, but due to tensions between the two groups, they start exploring the city in separate locations. The Americans discover a chest between the legs of the statue of Anubis. They have it opened by several of their carriers, but the chest is booby-trapped and the carriers die from an acid spray. In the meanwhile, Evelyn is looking for the Book of Amun-Ra, a solid gold book supposedly capable of taking life away. Her team discovers a tomb buried directly below the statue of Anubis. Evelyn's box turns out to function as a key that opens the tomb; inside there is a sarcophagus. Suddenly, the prison warden runs by, screaming in pain. Unbeknownst to the rest, he had found a decorative scarab, but it contained a real scarab that entered his body and ate a way into his brain. The warden knocks himself into a wall and dies instantly. After a quiet evening outside, Rick and Evelyn get in a romantic mood, when suddenly, both groups are attacked by the Medjai, led by a warrior named Ardeth Bay. Rick forces a stand-off by lighting a stick of dynamite and threatening to blow everyone up. Bay warns them of the evil buried in the city, and gives them one day to leave. His groups then ride out. Rather than heed his warning, the two expeditions continue to work on their respective projects. The sarcophagus is opened, and contains the gory remains of Imhotep. The team of Americans, meanwhile, open the chest, in spite of a warning on its lid that threatens to kill everyone who takes its contents. They discover the black Book of the Dead, accompanied by canopic jars carrying Anck-su-Namun's preserved organs; each of the Americans takes a jar as loot, while Dr. Chamberlain takes the book, but Beni flees the scene out of fear for the curse. At night, Evelyn takes the Book of the Dead from the Americans' tent; her key also fits on it. She reads a page aloud, accidentally awakening Imhotep's mummified remains. Immediately, the first plague announces itself: a swarm of locusts invades the terrain, forcing everyone inside the city. The entire group is separated into smaller parties when a giant army of scarabs breaks loose, and eats everything in its path. One of the Americans gets lost, and is attacked by Imhotep, who takes his eyes and tongue while partially regenerating his body. Evelyn also encounters Imhotep, and he seems to recognize her as Anck-Su-Namun; however, Rick shoots him down before everyone flees the catacombs. They run into Ardeth and his group of Medjai warriors again. He berates them for resuccecting Imhotep, who will now bring along death and destruction. The only thing to do is flee the city, until a way can be found to kill him again. The entire group leaves, but Beni is left behind. He also encounters Imhotep, but successfully pleads for his life, and is allowed to become his slave. Both groups return to Cairo. Rick and the Americans plan to leave Egypt, but Evelyn decides to stay, reasoning that releasing the curse was their fault, so they have the responsibility to stop Imhotep. That afternoon, the next plague announces itself: water turning into blood, signaling that Imhotep is nearby. The group deduces that Imhotep will go after the four men who took the Book of the Dead and the canopic jars. Beni has indeed taken Imhotep to Cairo, helping him trace the Americans. Rick and Jonathan track down the American whose eyes were stolen; they find his desiccated body, and Imhotep slowly regenerating his own. Rick tries to kill Imhotep but he is invulnerable to weapons; only the presence of a cat in the room startles him, and he flees in a dust storm. Rick returns to his quarters as the second plague starts: violent hailstorms ravage the city. He locks Evelyn in her room to keep her safe from Imhotep, ordering the remaining two Americans to stand guard while he and Jonathan leave to warn Dr. Chamberlain. The doctor's chamber is empty, but they witness Imhotep killing Dr. Chamberlain in the streets, taking the Black Book and releasing a swarm of flies. Imhotep proceeds to Evelyn, entering the room and consuming the body of the American on guard. He enters the sleeping Evelyn's bedroom through the keyhole by transforming into sand, and tries to kiss her. Rick, Jonathan and the remaining American enter, and scare him away by threatening him with a cat. The group goes to the museum, hoping that the museum curator Dr. Bey may have some answers. They are astonished to find him together with Ardeth Bay. Dr. Bey reveals to also be a member of the secret society sworn to prevent Imhotep's resurrection (which is why he purposely tried to burn the map). He theorizes that Imhotep will fears cats (the guardians of the underworld) until he is fully immortal; he also thinks that Imhotep intends to resurrect Anck-su-Namun, using Evelyn's body to regenerate it. All of a sudden, a solar eclipse occurs, so they have to make haste. Evelyn hypothesizes that if the black Book of the Dead brought Imhotep back to life, the gold Book of Amun-Ra can kill the high priest once again. The group finds a tablet in the museum that describes the location of both books, and Evelyn deduces that the gold book must be buried beneath the statue of Horus. At that moment, a large group of natives, covered in boils and sores (the next plague) and under Imhotep's spell, surround the museum. The heroes leave the museum by car, but the remaining American is captured during the pursuit, and consumed by Imhotep. Finally cornered by his followers, the fully regenerated Imhotep offers Evelyn to come with him, in exchange for letting the others go. She agrees, but as they leave, Imhotep goes back on his words. Dr. Bey sacrifices his life by holding back the crowd of followers while the rest flee through the sewers. Rick, Jonathan and Ardeth enlist the help of Winston Havlock, a desillusioned WWI fighter pilot, to fly them over to Hamunaptra. Imhotep returns to Hamunaptra in a sandstorm, carrying Evelyn and Beni, pursued by Rick's plane. Imhotep uses his powers to cause a huge sandstorm, but distracted by Evelyn, he only succeeds in letting the plane make an emergency crash landing, killing only Winston. Rick, Jonathan and Ardeth enter Hamunaptra and discover a new area ful of Hamunaptra's famed treasures. They quickly get into a battle with Imhotep's resurrected mummy priests, so they make their way to the statue of Horus, where they find the Book of Amun-Ra. However, when cornered by the priests, Ardeth sacrifices himself to allow Rick and Jonathan to escape. Imhotep, in the meanwhile, has resurrected the mummified remains of Anck-su-Namun and is preparing to sacrifice Evelyn, when Rick and Jonathan interfere. Rick frees Evelyn from a group of mummies, while Jonathan reads an inscription on the book in order to kill Imhotep; unfortunately, this only summons a group of mummified guards, who go after Rick, while Evelyn is attacked by the resurrected Anck-su-Namun. Jonathan succeeds in finishing the inscription, giving him command of the guards just before they kill Rick; he commands the guards to kill Anck-su-Namun. Imhotep turns his anger towards Rick, while Jonathan and Evelyn succeed in opening the Book of Amun-Ra. Imhotep is about to kill Rick when Evelyn recites the counter-curse. Imhotep's immortal soul is taken from him, and he becomes mortal. Rick fatally stabs him, and rapidly decaying into a mummy again, Imhotep leaves the world of the living, vowing revenge. Beni, who was secretly dragging treasure outside, accidentally sets off an ancient booby trap. As Hamunaptra begins to collapse into the sand, Rick, Evelyn and Jonathan race towards the exit, with Jonathan accidentally dropping the gold book. Beni remains behind, and is trapped and eaten by a swarm of flesh-eating scarabs. The heroes escape before Hamunaptra disappears in the sand. Ardeth, who has unexpectedly survived, waits for them outside andthanks them for their help. They ride off into the sunset on a pair of camels laden with Beni's treasure. 
 Resident Evil: Extinction (2007)651) Survivors of the Raccoon City catastrophe travel across the Nevada desert, hoping to make it to Alaska. Alice joins the caravan and their fight against the evil Umbrella Corp. Years after the Raccoon City disaster, Alice is on her own; aware that she has become a liability and could endanger those around her, she is struggling to survive and bring down the Umbrella Corporation led by the sinister Albert Wesker and head researcher Dr. Isaacs. Meanwhile, traveling through the Nevada Desert and the ruins of Las Vegas, Carlos Olivera, L.J., and new survivors K-Mart, Claire Redfield, and Nurse Betty must fight to survive extinction against hordes of zombies, killer crows and the most terrifying creatures created as a result of the deadly T-Virus that has killed millions. Akoksum2003 Years after the Raccoon City disaster, Alice pits her bio-organic super skills against armies of the undead in a post-apocalyptic Las Vegas. Las Vegas means fun in the sun. Well, at least the sun is still there. Except for a few rusting landmarks, it looks pretty much like the rest of the desert - or the whole country, for that matter. The crowds are now flesh-eating zombies: the mass undead, the oozing, terrifying sludge of what remains. Here, the nightmare isn't over yet, so the newly upgraded Alice, along with her crew will make a final stand against evil - with one goal: to turn the undead dead again. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} After the outbreak of the T-virus initiated in Raccoon City, the whole world is destroyed and crowded of flesh-eating zombies, and the humans keep moving, fighting to survive. Alice travels alone in her motorcycle through the Nevada Desert, where she meets a convoy of survivors lead by Claire Redfield with Carlos Olivera and helps them to fight against a bunch of zombie-crows. The group decides to travel to Las Vegas first to get fuel and supplies and then head to the decontaminated Alaska. Meanwhile, in an underground facility of the Umbrella Corporation, the evil Dr. Isaacs is researching an anti-virus to domesticate the zombies and cure people using clones of Alice. When Dr. Isaacs locates Alice through the satellite, he forges an order from the president and the troops chase Alice, while the group of survivors fights against a horde of zombies in Las Vegas. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Following the utter Raccoon City disaster in Resident Evil: Apocalypse (2004) , the deadly T-Virus has consumed the entire globe, turning the earth into an endless zombie-infested desert wasteland. As the upgraded Alice combs a dried-up Nevada for survivors, she joins Claire Redfield's convoy of uninfected humans in the desolate place that what was once Las Vegas, on their way to the still pure Alaskan territories. However, with Umbrella Corporation's Dr Isaacs struggling to pinpoint Alice--the key to the virulent plague's cure--it's safer for the caravan, and her new allies, to stay away from them. Do the remaining survivors have a fighting chance or do they face extinction? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Alice ( Milla Jovovich ), the hero from the last two films, waking up in a shower. She looks around confused and frightened, realizing that she's somehow back in the Spencer Estate in Raccoon City where everything started. She slowly gets out of the shower and puts the red dress laid on the bed on. She exits the bedroom into a hallway and looks around with the distinct feeling of being hunted. She finds her way into the laser room from the first movie, and just before getting cubed she leaps into a vent, crawls through, and drops into.... a hospital corridor. The halls are eerily empty, and Alice stumbles. She grabs a nearby rolling bed to steady herself on, but the bed is promptly cut in two by a giant guillotine (think the blades from that one scene in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade). She smiles grimly and picks her way past the blade only to get gunned down by a second trap that springs out of the floor and fires bullets in every direction. As her body lies there, three Umbrella scientists approach. One of them is Dr. Issacs ( Iain Glen ). He tells the others to take a blood sample of that and get rid of it, which they do by throwing it in an outdoor pit filled with dead Alices. As the scientists do so, we see that this whole facility is but one small part of a giant underground base of the Umbrella Corporation, somewhere in the North American west. Now Alice -- the real one -- gives us an update from the previous movie 'Resident Evil: Apocalypse'. She tells us that although Umbrella thought Raccoon City was an isolated incident, it soon spread. Within weeks, the T-Virus had spread to the entire North American continent, and within months, the world. It affected everything, killing nearly all plant life and turning the world into a desert. Oceans receded, and lakes and rivers dried up. Humanity was forced to evacuate the cities and stay constantly on the move in order to survive. We pick up with Alice heading into the ruins of Salt Lake City, Utah on her motorcycle, hearing a broadcast from a radio station that claims to have survivors. She stops outside, takes out her twin machetes, and heads in. The place is zombie-free (so you KNOW the news report is false), and someone is weeping in back. Alice finds an old lady there who says that her "baby is hurtin'", and Alice looks to see....a dead baby. She drops the corpse and is suddenly attacked by all five residents of the station, whom are playing distress calls just to lure other people to their residence in order to kill them and steal their stuff. They throw Alice in a pit lined with cages for zombie dogs and let them loose. Alice does some acrobatics and kills two of the dogs and chains the rest up. Unfortunately, the dogs aren't stopping, so they end up pulling the supports loose and collapsing the floor above, causing their owners to fall into the pit and become kibble as Alice makes a quick escape, pausing only long enough to pick up her weapons on the way out. Meanwhile, over in Nevada, we see a giant convoy crossing the desert while pumping classic rock music out of their PA system. Two of the members of the convoy are former Umbrella soldiers Carlos ( Oded Fehr ) and LJ ( Mike Epps ) (from the previous movie) There is some bantering back and forth across the CBs about cigarettes and Carlos's constant yearning for one, and there's an easy sense of familiarity and camaraderie among all the players. Over in Umbrella's North American HQ, though, things aren't so chipper. Dr. Issacs is coming under fire form his boss, Chairman Albert Wesker ( Jason O'Mara ), and the other members of the board of directors for not having a cure to the T-virus that had decimated the entire world. Although other points are discussed, Issacs says that he needs the original Project Alice in order to create a cure since none of the other 86 Alice clones have proven viable. Wesker bluntly tells him that he's got one week and ends the meeting, fading out of existence (all of the board members are communication holograms transmitting from all ends of the Earth.... ain't the five-year future great?). Meanwhile, Alice is pulling up to a gas station to refuel her motorcycle, but the pumps aren't working since there is no electricity. She heads inside the building and, after a brief encounter with a bunch of flies and a corpse, finds a journal with a bunch of transmission dates and locations inside, including the words, "Alaska safe?" As she heads back out with the journal, she sees a crow with a funny-looking eye watching her and hears a radio broadcast from Mikey ( Christopher Egan ) identifying the convoy and their location at a strip motel. The traveling convoy arrives at the deserted motel. The exterior is safe, and Carlos and LJ go inside to check things out. Carlos clears the front office as LJ does the rooms, all of which are locked tight.... except for one with a busted lock. LJ heads inside and peeps around, but a zombie gets the drop on him. After a tussle, he shoots it and takes a breather before seeing another in the distance. As it rushes towards him, he shoots it dead. He turns quickly and the zombie woman is on him. He struggles, but she gets him in the chest (right lung area) just as Carlos comes in and kills her. Betty ( Ashanti ) checks him out and pronounces him fine as Carlos walks away trying not to puke. The two flirt and Betty leaves. LJ sighs as he stares after her, and then pulls his shirt back to see the ugly looking bite souvenir the zombie left him. That night, we see Carlos setting up the last of some surveillance monitors for Mikey as Otto ( Joe Hursley ) hands out one can of dinner to everyone, including two for Betty (one's for LJ though, so it's cool). Later, we see Claire ( Ali Larter ) and Carlos talking, and it's pretty obvious that Claire is growing tired of moving around all the time. Elsewhere, Alice is fitfully sleeping in the desert as she dreams about her latest dupe being killed. As she does, she accidentally starts levitating everything around her with telekinesis until she wakes up, at which point everything falls back down.... including her bike, which is wrecked. As she sighs and reluctantly decides that her only choice now is to meet up with that convoy. Meanwhile, Dr. Issacs is seen in his underground lab, where the White Queen ( Madeline Carroll ) holographic computer model informs him that a burst of psionic activity was just detected in the Nevada desert. He realizes that this could mean Alice, but before he can do anything his immediate superior, a man named Slater ( Matthew Marsden ) comes in. The two squabble about company policy and the readiness of Alice Clone Number 87, and Slater leaves, having asserted himself. Beaten, Issacs goes over to a test section where they have a zombie chained up that has been injected with some of Alice's blood. Remarkably, the thing is quite adept, recognizing the cell phone and taking a picture of the two lab assistants with a camera. As the assistants start congratulating Issacs, though, the zombie becomes frustrated at a shape-recognition test, breaks free, and attacks the assistants a quicker Issacs locked in with it. As he watches the slaughter, he gets a look on his face that is best interpreted as, "Well....I feel better now." The next day dawns, and we see Alice walking through the desert. Meanwhile, K-Mart ( Spencer Locke ) wakes up from a nightmare and hears... something. She wakes up Claire, and they see enough infected crows to give Alfred Hitchcock bad dreams. Claire quietly radios everyone to pack up and leave as quickly and quietly as possible. The crows ignore the movement and the engine but then a kid on the school bus drops his can, and the game is on. The crows attack everyone nonstop. At one point, the bus ends up crashing, and the crows gather around it. Claire and Carlos get something set up that gets some kids transferred to Mikey's van, but two women fall off, one is killed after being pecked to death while the other gets separated, and as Claire and LJ run for her shooting guns at the crows and Chase mans a giant flamethrower to create a bunch of crispy critters. Soon Betty loses her strength to push the window from preventing the crows entering the bus, she gets injured and saves a girl while Otto gets overwhelmed and killed, Seeing this and after LJ rescues the girl, he is shocked and devastated when Betty stays in the bus and is killed by the swarm. Soon the flame thrower man is attacked and killed by a horde of crows, this causes the flames to reach for the separated girl. Carlos reaches the runner and covers her with his body as the flames stop five feet short of him. Wondering why he isn't burning, he looks up and sees Alice, staring down the fire while projecting a psychic bubble to keep them safe. The last of the crows gets burned, and Alice releases the bubble. As everyone else, including Claire, gathers round, Carlos and Alice hug at the joy of seeing each other again. At Issac's lab, he gets visited by Slater just as Alice Clone 87 is going through the test routine. As she gets chowed on by one of the super-smart zombies, Issacs shows to Slater a whole group of about a dozen smart-zombies just waiting for release and says that the serum derived so far is actually making them stronger. At that moment, the White Queen informs Isscas of another burst of psionic activity in the desert and says that there is a 62% chance that it's Alice -- too great to pass up, in his opinion, although Slater says that Wesker won't approve. Meanwhile, Alice wakes up in a tent and finds herself being observed by K-Mart, who when asked says that that's where they found her and since she didn't like her other name much and everyone else she knew was dead, that's what she's called. Carlos greets her again and takes her outside, where the convoy survivors have just finished burying their dead. He introduces her to Claire and the two get along, although there is some tension between them. After a while, Alice tells the main bosses (everyone who's been given a name) about Alaska, and since Claire feels it's too big for her to decide, she has the group vote, and it's pretty much unanimous. Unfortunately, this means they have to go somewhere and stop for gas, and the nearest place that would have enough is Las Vegas. That night, as most of the group sleeps and LJ picks at his ever-worsening bite, Alice flips through the journal and comes to a page that says, "Keep on laughing. Keep on living. Keep on loving." She pauses and gets a dreamy look in her eye. Meanwhile, Issacs is in a meeting with Wesker over the communications hologram to try and get some Umbrella troops to move on the Alice situation, but Wesker will have none of it, ordering Issacs to continue with the cure research. However, Issacs managed to record some of their conversation, and uses a dupe of Wesker's voice to authorize the release of troops. A large group of Umbrella troops arrives at the besieged facility by helicopter with a large cate for transport. The next morning, everyone starts heading for Vegas. On the way, Chase comments to LJ how he isn't looking too hot, but LJ just brushes it off. They pull into Vegas, but the entire city is buried under massive sand drifts. As Chase takes up a lookout position on a copy of the Eiffel Tower as a marksman, the rest disembark to move some giant crate that's blocking the way. Suddenly, a bunch of super-fast, smart-zombies burst out and proceed to tear into everyone. Chase manages to hold some off, but he ends up having to help this one girl climb up to his position, only the zombies end up biting him and he sacrifices himself to save the girl and to kill the zombies by throwing himself and the zombies off the roof, he commits suicide while the zombies all die from the fall. LJ and K-Mart take refuge in a van where she wields a shotgun pretty good, but LJ soon turns and attacks her before biting Carlos, who kills him when he has no time to bring LJ back. Mikey is separated before being attacked, overwhelmed and mauled to death by three zombies, Claire watches in horror as she tries to save him, she finally kills all three zombies but is too late to save Mikey, as he is already dead. As for Alice, she is slicing and dicing like crazy when suddenly a nearby rooftop team of Umbrella techs, including Issacs, shuts her down. Unfortunately for them, she fights the command, wakes back up, and reaches to the rooftop, where she attacks and kills all but Issacs, who escapes but not before getting bit by a zombie, who is killed by a pilot, Issacs orders him to get the anti virus for him, all while the chopper takes off, making Alice arrive too late to shoot or attack at the copter. Issacs, for his part, is placed under house arrest by the soldiers as soon as he arrives back at his lab. Slater strides up to him to see that he's injected himself with about ten vials of his serum and informs him that he's been sentenced to liquidation, when Issacs questions this, Slater shoots him dead, but as he orders two of his Black Ops guards to focus on Alice, one of them notices that Issacs has now reanimated and is back up on his feet, they all realize this too late just as Issacs kills Slater before slaughtering the guards. A little while later, Carlos, K-Mart, Claire, and Alice have tracked the helicopter to the hidden Umbrella base, and Carlos volunteers for a suicide mission wherein he drives a large fuel truck into the midst of the thousands of zombies piled against the fence and blows it up with a smile on his face, sacrificing himself and killing dozens of zombies in the process. Alice, K-Mart, Claire, and the remaining kids drive through the wreckage and through the massive crowd of zombies. As Alice gets everyone loaded onto a helicopter, she throws the journal at K-Mart and says, "Take care of them." She shares a look with Claire and the group is off in the helicopter as Alice stays behind to fight the Umbrella techs. Alice heads inside the underground facility, passing the rejected Alice clones and nearly throwing up. She then heads down into the complex, which is now a massive ruin. As she pokes around, the White Queen appears before her, identifying herself. Alice just smiles and says, "Yeah, I knew your sister....she was a homicidal bitch." The White Queen explains that Issacs is contained on the lower levels and that Alice's blood can be used to synthesize a permanent cure for the T-Virus. She then opens up an elevator, wishes Alice luck, and sends her down to the labs. Upon her arrival, Alice sees Alice Clone Number 88 resting in a stasis bubble and nearing completion. The bubble bursts as Alice touches it and Clone 88 sits up, gasping and looking at Alice in confusion just before falling unconscious. Saddened at her death, Alice takes off her coat and covers the clone with it just as a heavily mutated Issacs leaps out. They fight each other into the mansion area with Alice barely holding him off with a psionic bubble. Eventually they end up in the laser room with Issacs proclaiming himself the future, and Alice just laughs and says that their both about to die. The cube sequence starts, and Issacs gets cubed, but just before the lazers take Alice they stop advancing and the room shuts down. Back in the lab, Clone 88 -- who is apparently less dead than previously thought -- just stares at the screen, shuts down the system, and says, "Yeah, you're the future all right....asshole." Miles away in Tokyo, Wesker is holding another hologram meeting with his branch of Umbrella members of the board. He informs the other directors that the North American facility is compromised, and all of its research will now be under his direct supervision. He declares that finding and bringing in Alice is now their number one priority when suddenly Alice appears as a hologram from the North American lab and warns them that she's coming for them, and that she'll be bringing a few friends of hers along. She signs off and walks over to a window where 88 is waiting. The two look at each other and then gaze out in wonder over the vast field of backup Alices, all of which are waking up and looking extremely hungry for battle... 
 The Mummy Returns (2001)761) The mummified body of Imhotep is shipped to a museum in London, where he once again wakes and begins his campaign of rage and terror. Many years ago, in Ancient Egypt, the Scorpion King led a menacing army, but when he sold his soul to Anubis, he was erased from history. Now he is only a myth...or is he? Rick and Evelyn O'Connell are still discovering new artifacts, along with their 8 year old son Alex. They discover the Bracelet of Anubis. But someone else is after the bracelet. High Priest Imhotep has been brought back from the dead once again and wants the bracelet, to control the Scorpion King's army. That's not the only problem. Imhotep now has Alex and with the bracelet attached to him, doesn't have long to live. Film_Fan This big-budget sequel from writer/director Stephen Sommers navigates much of the same cliffhanger territory as George Lucas and Steven Spielberg's Indiana Jones franchise. It is 1933, eight years after the events of The Mummy (1999). Legionnaire Rick O'Connell Brendan Fraser has married his Egyptologist girlfriend Evelyn Carnahan (Rachel Weisz) and the couple has settled in London, where they're raising their young son Alex (Freddie Boath). The family's domestic tranquility is shattered when the 3,000-year-old mummified corpse of Imhotep (Arnold Vosloo), which has been shipped to the British Museum, is resurrected once again to resume his evil quest for immortality. In the meantime, another ancient threat emerges in the form of the Scorpion King (professional wrestler Dwayne Johnson, aka. the Rock), a mighty warrior frozen in time with his supernatural army. In order to save his family, Rick is forced to seek a mythical pyramid of gold, facing marauding bands of pygmy skeletons, among other hazards. ahmetkozan Eight peaceful years after Imhotep's first reincarnation in The Mummy (1999) , Pharaoh Seti's evil high priest comes back from the dead once more, to disrupt the easy family life of the O'Connells and their eight-year-old son, Alex. As if that weren't enough, yet another destructive force--the ancient warlord, Scorpion King--breaths again, while in the meantime, a mystical artefact, the Bracelet of Anubis, seals the fate of both Evelyn and her innocent son. Now, it's up to brave Rick, Evelyn's brother, Jonathan, and the Medjay protector, Ardeth Bay, to save the day, as the world is on the brink of demise by hordes of millennium-old adversaries. Can they survive dark Anubis' wrath when the Mummy returns? Nick Riganas Another legend. Another monster. Another quest for the world! The Scorpion King. A legendary warrior who sold his soul to Anubis was erased from record in the ancient kingdom. His existence was lost to the sands, preserved only in mythology. But there is truth to the myth. In the desert of Ahm Shere, in a golden pyramid, sleeps the Scorpion King. And he, or whomsoever may kill him, may command the demonic and undefeatable Army of Anubis! Ten years after the cursed high-priest Imhotep was resurrected and defeated by Rick O'Connell and Evelyn and Jonathon Carnahan, he is resurrected once again by a mysterious woman Meela armed with the knowledge of centuries! Together, Imhotep and Meela have one goal: Defeat the Scorpion King and use his army to destroy mankind! Meanwhile, Rick and his wife, Evelyn, are busy raising their son, Alex. On the Egyptian New Year, Evie begins having dreams about ancient Egypt, which lead her straight to the Bracelet of Anubis. Meela's henchmem come for it, but Ardeth Bey appears as well. Ardeth explains the legend, the mythos, and the problem. Now it becomes a race against time to get to Ahm Shere. Will Rick defeat the Scorpion King and send the Army back to the underworld? Or will Imhotep do so and rule the world? Or worse... Is the Scorpion King so powerful that he cannot be defeated, and he himself will raise the Army for global victory? Maxamillian King The story is set in 1933, approximately 7 years after the events of the first film. Rick O'Connell is now married to Evelyn and the couple has settled in London, where they are raising their 8-year-old son Alex. When a chain of events finds the corpse of Imhotep resurrected in the British Museum, the mummy Imhotep walks the earth once more, determined to fulfill his quest for immortality. But another force has also been set loose in the world... one born of the darkest rituals of ancient Egyptian mysticism, and even more powerful than Imhotep. When these two forces clash, the fate of the world will hang in the balance, sending the O'Connells on a desperate race to save the world from unspeakable evil, and rescue their son before it is too late... MicroPisti <micropisti@freemail.hu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 3067 BC, a warrior known as the Scorpion King (Dwayne Johnson), led his army on a campaign to conquer the known world. After seven years of fighting, the Scorpion King and his army were defeated and exiled to the desert of Ahm Shere. One by one they died of heat exhaustion, leaving only the Scorpion King who swears an oath to Anubis, god of the underworld, exchanging his soul for the power to defeat his enemies. Anubis grants his wish, creating an oasis to hide the Scorpion King's pyramid and by giving him his army, an endless legion of demonic anthropomorphic jackal-headed warriors, to exact his revenge. The Army of Anubis sweeps across Egypt, destroying everything in its path, but once their task was finished, Anubis claims the Scorpion King's soul and his army. In 1933, Rick (Brendan Fraser) and Evelyn O'Connell (Rachel Weisz) are exploring a pyramid in the ancient Egyptian city of Thebes with their son, Alex. Within, they discover and collect the Bracelet of Anubis which sets off a trap causing Rick and Evelyn to narrowly escape the pyrmaid as it floods with water. Meanwhile, Alex encounters three looters who flee after the walls start to collapse. Back in London, Alex puts the bracelet on which mystically provides him with directions to the oasis of Ahm Shere. Since it is the year of the Scorpion, Alex has seven days to reach the oasis, or the bracelet would kill him on the eighth day the moment the rays of the sun shine on him; at that point the Scorpion King and his army will also reawaken. Later, Alex is captured by an Egyptian cult who have resurrected Imhotep: their purpose for doing so is to use Imhotep's power to defeat the Scorpion King, which would give him command of the Army of Anubis. The cult, led by Baltus Hafez (Alun Armstrong), the curator of the British Museum, includes a psychopathic warrior named Lock-Nah and Meela Nais, the reincarnation of Imhotep's love Anck-su-namun. The O'Connells set out to rescue Alex, accompanied by Evelyn's brother Jonathan and their old mate-in-arms, the Medjai Ardeth Bay. Rick's associate from his past adventures, Izzy, an airship pilot, provides transportation. The instructions are given to Alex in stages, and he leaves clues to the next location for his parents to find. Ardeth sends a message to a growing army of his fellow Medjai, intended to stop the army of Anubis as it awakens. Along the way, the O'Connells learn of their connections to Imhotep and the Scorpion King himself: in a past life, Evelyn was Nefertiri, daughter of Seti I and protector of the Bracelet of Anubis. Rick is a Medjai, trusted to protect Evelyn. Together with their son Alex, who is the path to Ahm Shere, they make up the three sides of a pyramid. In the meantime, Imhotep brings Anck-su-namun's soul back from the underworld and places it in Meela's body, restoring her completely. As the two groups arrive at the oasis where the Scorpion King's temple lies, the cultists are attacked by mummified pygmies and ambushed by Rick, Evelyn, Jonathan, and Ardeth. The cultists are all killed with the exception of Hafez, their leader. Lock-Nah is then killed by Ardeth, who leaves the group to assume command of the Medjai army. Rick saves Alex and manages to get him to the pyramid moments before the bracelet can kill him, and Alex is able to remove it. However, when Jonathan and Evelyn catch up, Anck-su-namun walks into the pyramid courtyard with Imhotep and stabs Evelyn in the stomach, killing her. Hafez takes the bracelet and uses it to release the Army of Anubis, whom the Medjai engage in battle. Imhotep's powers are stripped from him by Anubis, forcing him to fight the Scorpion King as a mortal. Rick enters the temple as Imhotep summons the Scorpion King, now in the form of a half-human, half-scorpion monster. Imhotep feigns allegiance to the King, who then focuses his wrath on Rick, killing Hafez when he stumbles in. Meanwhile, Jonathan distracts Anck-su-namun while Alex uses the Book of the Dead to revive his mother; and Evelyn engages in a battle with Anck-su-namun. At the same time, Ardeth and the remnants of the Medjai army defeat the first wave of Anubis warriors, only to discover what they fought was only the vanguard, and now the full force of Anubis' army is bearing down on them. Outnumbered, the Medjai prepare to make their last stand. Rick's battle is going badly, but he sees a series of illustrations on the walls depicting a person sharing the mark on his wrist. The illustrations reveal that the Scorpion King can be killed by the Spear of Osiris, which Jonathan has been carrying throughout the film. Although Jonathan's attempt to throw the spear results in Imhotep catching it and nearly delivering the blow himself, Rick is able to intercept it and stab the Scorpion King himself. He orders him (and his army) back to the underworld, turning both the Scorpion King and the Army of Anubis into sand, seconds before they hit the Medjai lines. Rick and Imhotep race to escape the now-collapsing pyramid temple. A chasm leading to the underworld appears, and Rick and Imhotep fall in, barely managing to cling onto the edges of the opening. Evelyn enters the room and manages to save Rick, but Anck-su-namun is unwilling to do the same for Imhotep. Shocked and heartbroken, Imhotep willingly casts himself into the chasm; meanwhile, as she flees, Anck-su-namun accidentally falls into a pit of scarabs and is suffocated. The family climbs to the top of the pyramid and meet up with Izzy. They escape unharmed and with a massive diamond that Jonathan pulled from the top of the pyramid. The group sets off into the sunset, a grateful Ardeth bidding them farewell. 
 Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo (1999)Summaries An average aquarium cleaner house-sits for a gigolo, only to be forced to become one himself. Deuce Bigalow is a less than attractive, down on his luck aquarium cleaner. One day he runs into a male gigolo who asks him to look after his precious fish while he is away on business. However, he wrecks the house and needs quick money to repair it. The only way he can make it is to become a gigolo himself, taking on an unusual mix of female clients. He encounters a couple of problems, though. He falls in love with one of his unusual clients, and a sleazy police officer his hot on his trail. <jgp3553@excite.com> Deuce Bigalow is a fish tank cleaner until he gets a temporary job watching over a gigolo's house. But when Deuce accidentally wrecks the house, he is forced to compensate by becoming a gigolo himself! He takes on interesting clients (a tall Norwegian woman, a rotund eater in drag, a roommate who curses every five seconds, a nurse)...and together with a detective chasing Deuce down... hips <hiphats@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 