nm0005283:

 NYPD Blue (19932005)Summaries Detectives from NYPD's 15th Precinct investigate homicides within their precinct. Each week, viewers saw the gritty reality of life in a New York City Police unit, as the officers go about their work with a grim determination, and a willingness to break the same laws that they're supposed to be enforcing. Two partners, Detectives Andy Sipowicz (Dennis Franz) and John Kelly (David Caruso) (later replaced by Bobby Simone (Jimmy Smits)), were the central characters in this weekly Police drama, and personified very different approaches to their difficult job. Sipowicz's brash gruffness (covering an emotional vulnerability) was tempered by the precise and controlled demeanor of the two partners with whom he has worked. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Six Days Seven Nights (1998)55) Robin Monroe, a New York magazine editor, and the gruff pilot Quinn Harris must put aside their mutual dislike if they are to survive after crash landing on a deserted South Seas island. Taking a romantic tropical island week off with her boyfriend, an ambitious, decisive New York girl agrees to help her magazine out by covering a story on a neighboring island. The only plane available is piloted by a laid-back heavy drinker with whom she shares a mutual dislike. But she has no choice and he can't refuse the money. When the plane crash-lands on an uninhabited island with little chance of rescue they both wish they had made other arrangements - at least to start with. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} In New York, the assistant magazine editor Robin Monroe has dinner with her boyfriend Frank Martin that invites her to spend six days and seven nights in the paradisiacal island Makatea. When they arrive in Tahiti, they take the charter owned by the rough middle-aged pilot Quinn Harris and assisted by his friend, the hot Angelica. On the arrival in Makatea, Frank proposes Robin and gives a ring to her. However, her editor Marjorie asks Robin to fly to Tahiti to cover a story and she hires Quinn, who has the only available plane, to travel during the night. Out of the blue, the weather changes and they crash on an uninhabited island. Now they have to support each other to survive and wait for the improbable rescue. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Robin Monroe and her fianc Frank Martin are on a South Seas vacation when she's called away on business. She buys a flight from Quinn Harris, a rough-around-the-edges pilot, but they crash on a deserted island. There, they discover danger and romance while they endure the elements and each other's company. Andy Zimolzak <zimolzak@jcisd.k12.mi.us> Big-screen favorite Harrison Ford stars in this adventure about a dream vacation that turns into a tropical nightmare! A gruff, rough-hewn cargo pilot living in the islands, Quinn Harris hates tourists . . . though he's not above making a fast buck from a sharp-tongued New Yorker, Robin Monroe, when she's desperate for a quick flight to Tahiti! But this already uneasy relationship suddenly takes a nosedive when his weather-beaten old plane is forced down in a storm! Now, stranded together on a deserted isle, Quinn and Robin quickly discover all the perils of paradise, as this mismatched pair finds themselves facing danger at every turn. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Atlantis: The Lost Empire (2001)431) A young linguist named Milo Thatch joins an intrepid group of explorers to find the mysterious lost continent of Atlantis. 1914: Milo Thatch, grandson of the great Thaddeus Thatch works in the boiler room of a museum. He knows that Atlantis was real, and he can get there if he has the mysterious Shephards journal, which can guide him to Atlantis. But he needs someone to fund a voyage. His employer thinks he's dotty, and refuses to fund any crazy idea. He returns home to his apartment and finds a woman there. She takes him to Preston B. Whitmore, an old friend of his Grandfathers. He gives him the shepherds journal, a submarine and a 5 star crew. They travel through the Atlantic ocean, face a large lobster called the Leviathan, and finally get to Atlantis. But does the Atlantis crew have a lust for discovery, or something else? <laserwatch007@yahoo.com> Set in 1914, young linguist orphan named Milo Thatch buries himself in books trying to unlock the secret to the destruction of Atlantis. Althouth his theories are ridiculed by his colleagues he is persistent in his dreams of one day discovering the lost isle. His dreams are realized when he is given a spot in an expedition, financed by a friend of his grandfather, to go in search of Atlantis following Milo's guide: The Shepard's Journal. But the Guardians of Atlantis await the explorers putting them in danger at every turn. And the deadly truth about Atlantis's demise puts Milo, the royal family, and all of Atlantis in mortal jeopardy. O.G. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Milo James Thatch is a bright young man, who is in the employ of the Smithsonian Institution (as their resident maintenance man). Milo has been inspired by his Grandfather, who often spoke of finding the Lost Continent of Atlantis. Milo attempts to convince several of the top people at the Smithsonian to fund an expedition, but almost all of them think him crazy. Coming home one evening, Milo meets Helga Sinclair, who escorts him to the home of eccentric millionaire Preston B Whitmore. Preston claims to have known Milo's Grandfather, and presents him with a journal, that contains information about reaching Atlantis. Preston claims that he has a crew ready to go, but wants Milo to head the expedition. The young man eagerly accepts. The expedition takes them to the waters off the coat of Iceland, where a giant submersible takes them to the ocean floor. Milo cautions the crew that something know as The Leviathan may be guarding the entrance to Atlantis. It turns out that the Leviathan is a giant mechanical sea creature, that ends up destroying the sub. Luckily, Milo and some of the crew escape, finding themselves in an underground cavern. After braving several pitfalls and strange creatures, they finally make it to Atlantis, preserved in a sunken atmosphere. However, before they can approach, they are accosted by several natives, led by the King's daughter, Kida. Milo is soon able to communicate with the natives, and they soon reveal they know many different languages, including English. Kida leads the group into Atlantis, where she takes them to her father. Kida's father is not at all pleased to meet these strangers, and requests that they leave. However, a member of the expedition party named Rourke requests to stay one day, and is granted this request. After they are dismissed from the chambers, Milo explains that he feels the King is hiding something, and Rourke says he wants to know what. Milo is requested by the others to gain this information, and soon after meets with Kida. While Milo wants to know more about Atlantis, Kida is curious about the outside world. Milo shows Kida the journal, and also finds that the Atlanteans' crystals around their necks also function as a key that can animate stone objects with flight. Kida explains that their civilization has lost the ability to read their own language, but Milo is able to decode the text on sunken ruins under the city. According to the information, there is a crystal that connects to the necklaces worn by the Atlanteans, and is considered their 'heart.' Milo and Kida are soon accosted by Rourke, who it is revealed has come to Atlantis to find the crystal for monetary purposes. The others and Helga are soon found to be in on the scheme as well, and go to the King. The King denies any knowledge of the crystal's whereabouts, but Rourke soon finds a secret underground entrance under the throne room, where the enormous crystal is kept. As the group watches, Kida suddenly takes on a blue-glow in her eyes, and ascends towards the crystal. As they watch, the crystal fuses with her, making her a glowing blue figure. Rourke and the rest of the team bring the 'Crystal/Kida' above-ground, sealing her in a metal box. Though at first the others help Rourke, as Milo reasons with them, soon only Helga accompanies Rourke and the other soldiers out of Atlantis. As they leave, the crystal necklaces on the Atlanteans dim together. 
 Tortilla Soup (2001)321) A Mexican-American master chef and father to three daughters has lost his taste for food, but not for life. Retired Mexican-American chef Martin Naranjo (Hector Elizondo) shares a Los Angeles, California house with his three gorgeous, but single, adult daughters. Though he long ago lost his ability to taste, Martin still lives to cook incredibly lavish dinners for his loved ones and to serve them in a family-style ritual at traditional sit-down meals. Although the women humor their father's old-fashioned ways, each of them is searching for fulfillment outside the family circle. College student Maribel (Tamara Mello) is growing increasingly frustrated with the singles scene and wants a steady man; gorgeous career woman Carmen (Jacqueline Obradors) is fed up with her boyfriend and his wandering eye; meanwhile, eldest daughter Leticia (Elizabeth Pea), who has suppressed her own romantic longings, senses something missing in her life. Things take a turn for the romantic when Dad, a widower, meets a vivacious divorce on the lookout for a mate and each of his daughters, in turn, finds someone. But they'll all discover that the recipe for happiness may call for some unexpected ingredients. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Martin is an immigrant from Mexico who has run a restaurant along with Gomez for years. He lost his wife 15 years ago and has never pursued another relationship, but others think he should. Martin has three very different daughters, and he values the time the family spends eating together. Carmen is beautiful and has an MBA and a great job, and while she has a boyfriend, she is more focused on her career than Jeff. She adapts her father's recipes to make meals for him. And she wants to be the first of the daughters to move out, although her father would prefer that she didn't. Maribel is about to start college, but she is cute and fun-loving. Leticia is a chemistry teacher and very uptight and plain. She has even given up the Catholic Church because she feels they worship saints, not Jesus. Her last relationship ended ten years ago and she's not really interested in another one. The family sits down to dinner and Maribel is late. She just met a boy, Andy, outside the local record store. Andy is an immigrant from Brazil whose heritage is German and Italian, and he speaks several languages. Carmen makes her big announcement about moving into a condo. And Yolanda shows up with her little girl April because she needs a babysitter. She is divorced. If that's not enough, Martin is called in to work because of an emergency. Someone ruined one of the dishes at an event Gomez is catering. Martin tells the staff how to salvage the food and make it better. Yolanda introduces Martin to her mother Hortensia, who is quite good looking for her age, wears colorful clothes, and generally enjoys having fun. There is the potential for a romance between martin and Hortensia. As part of her job, Carmen evaluates Antonio's purchase of a company. Antonio is not really interested in her opinions because he has already decided to buy the company. However, he is impressed with her work and wants her to come to Barcelona with him to run a startup. She has a decision to make. While teaching a class, Leticia is startled when a baseball comes through the open window. She looks out and sees the new coach Orlando, who is apologetic. The kids can tell Leticia is attracted to Orlando, and to encourage a relationship between them, someone in the class later writes a poem that Leticia thinks is from Orlando. Leticia asks for advice about attracting Orlando and one day she shows up at school looking gorgeous. She even walks onto the field during a game and kisses Orlando. and is quite embarrassed and sad when she learns he did not write the poem. Martin jogs for exercise and he has begun spending time with Hortensia. He even makes April a very fancy lunch, which her friends want to share. Martin shows up at the girl's house one day and Yolanda has to tell her April is sick but she'll take the lunch. Maribel spends time with Andy and eventually invites him to dinner. Things are going well until Maribel announces she needs to take time off to find herself. Martin says as long as she lives under his roof she will obey him. Maribel decides to move in with Andy, who is shocked, And their life together doesn't go well, because Maribel soon starts to get on his nerves. Finally, she has to leave. There is the chance, it turns out, they they will go to the same college. Andy didn't tell her because he didn't want his decisions to affect hers. Gomez tastes something at the restaurant and passes out and ends up in the hospital. He returns to the workplace, but it was too soon and he dies suddenly. This makes the family very sad. Leticia and Orlando eventually end up together, and in fact, they are already married. They were in Vegas and they "had" to. Apparently they did what a couple is not supposed to do before marriage, and the very religious Leticia could not do such a thing and not get married afterward. Martin soon has a big announcement of his own. He asks Hortensia for her daughter's hand in marriage. Hortensia, who was unaware (so was the audience) that it was actually Yolanda he was interested in, is very shocked. Carmen tries to fix her relationship with Jeff, but he's already with Rachel. Soon Martin is taking her to the airport to leave for Barcelona. But Carmen later realizes that's not what she wants to do. The movie ends with Carmen running a restaurant, and the family eating together there. Yolanda announces she is pregnant. 