nm0004914:

 Nine (2009)431) Famous film director Guido Contini struggles to find harmony in his professional and personal lives, as he engages in dramatic relationships with his wife, his mistress, his muse, his agent, and his mother. Arrogant, self-centered movie director Guido Contini (Daniel Day-Lewis) finds himself struggling to find meaning, purpose, and a script for his latest movie endeavor. With only a week left before shooting begins, he desperately searches for answers and inspiration from his wife, his mistress, his muse, and his mother. As his chaotic profession steadily destroys his personal life, Guido must find a balance between creating art and succumbing to its obsessive demands. The Massie Twins Famed Italian Director Guido Contini (Daniel Day-Lewis) is ten days away from the start of principal filming of his latest movie, ambitiously titled "Italia". The general speculation by anyone who has followed production, including the press, is that Guido has lost his creative vision and that this production will go the way of his last two movies: be a flop. The first part of that statement is indeed true as Guido not only does not yet have a script, but he has no idea for the movie at all. Guido escapes to a seaside resort to convalesce and get away from all the pressures of this production, this convalescence only to moderate success as he thinks about the women who have shaped his life. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nine tells the story of Guido Contini ( Daniel Day-Lewis ), a world famous film director as he confronts an epic mid-life crisis with both creative and personal problems. He must balance the many women of his life, including his wife ( Marion Cotillard ), his mistress ( Penlope Cruz ), his film star muse ( Nicole Kidman ), his confidant and costume designer ( Judi Dench ), an American fashion journalist ( Kate Hudson ), the whore from his youth ( Fergie ) and his mother ( Sophia Loren ). Guido Contini is a gifted Italian filmmaker who, at the age of fifty, has developed writer's block and urges all the women in his life, alive and dead, to help him with it - his mind wanders to his unfinished set, where dozens of dancers and the films leading ladies appear first Claudia Jenssen, his leading lady; then his wife Luisa; his mistress Carla; his costume designer and confidant Lilli; his beloved Mamma; Stephanie, an American fashion journalist from Vogue; and finally Saraghina, a prostitute from his childhood; ("Overture Delle Donne"). It is 1965, and at the famous Cinecitt movie studios, in Rome, 'everyone has questions for Signor Contini.' At a press conference at the Hotel Excelsior on the Via Veneto, hes charming and colorful, avoiding any clear answer on his new movie - his ninth with producer, Dante, - tentatively entitled "Italia". Here he meets Stephanie, a Vogue fashion journalist, with whom he begins a flirtation. Escaping the biting probes of the reporters, he creates an elaborate fantasy, which becomes ("Guidos Song") where he explains that he wishes he was young and energetic once again, since his talent was better then. He escapes the press conference, the reporters and his producer and arrives at the Bellavista Spa Hotel. While being examined by the doctor, he receives a call from Carla, his mistress ("A Call from the Vatican"). She describes her desire for him, as he excitedly listens on the other end. She arrives at the spa, expecting to share his suite, but is upset to find that shes staying in a shabby pensione by the train station. Meanwhile, Guido learns that a Cardinal is also staying at his hotel and tells the cardinals assistant to arrange a meeting. However, Dante soon arrives at the spa and escorts Contini to a banquet hall where the entire production team is assembled to help him prepare for his film. He sees Lilli, his costume designer, and begs for inspiration, while criticizing the costume shes in the middle of making as not being something an Italian woman would wear. She reminds him of Luisas birthday the previous day and disagrees, saying that it reminds her of Folies Bergres, a Parisian music hall that featured showgirls, where she 'learnt her art' ("Folies Bergres"). The Cardinal agrees to meet him and advises him to lead a more moral life and look to his youth for inspiration. Guidos thoughts lead him to remembering Saraghina, a prostitute whom he and his friends paid to teach them the art of love and sex ("Be Italian"). Young Guido is caught by his school teachers/priests and whipped by his principal. He awakens on top of Carla, in a fit of anxiety and abruptly leaves to meet his production team for dinner. She wants to come, but he vehemently refuses, reminding her that they dont want to hurt either of their spouses. At dinner, hes happily surprised to see Luisa, who has come at Lillis request. He embraces her and wishes her a happy birthday, promising that when she returns home, the house will be filled with flowers. She sits, and the young priest from earlier, who recognizes her as one of Guidos earlier actresses, joins the table. In song, Luisa explains how shes become a different woman to be Guidos wife, abandoning her acting career to be at his side ("My Husband Makes Movies"). She then notices Carla entering the restaurant and immediately leaves, saying she feels tired. Guido doesnt understand why and follows her, asking whats happened. She ignores him and when he returns to the restaurant and sees Carla, he finally understands. He demands that Carla go back to the pensione, and she leaves, heartbroken. When Guido goes to the suite to try to smooth things over, Luisa refuses to listen. He goes to the lobby and meets Stephanie, who has tracked him down. Guido and Stephanie continue to flirt, and she describes her love for his movies and how fashionable he makes everything seem ("Cinema Italiano"). She leaves her room key in his pocket. While in her room, watching her undress, he realizes how much he cares for his wife and leaves. He returns to the suite and promises that hes done with cheating. Luisa embraces him, but hes called away to help Carla, whos overdosed on pills. The doctor comments how reckless and immoral Guido is, which Guido doesnt contest. He stays with Carla until her husband arrives. He returns to the hotel to find that Luisa has left and the crew has returned to Rome to begin filming. His mother returns to him to advise him to repair his life ("Guarda La Luna"). He calls Luisa from the studio to beg her to come to the screen testing that evening. She hangs up without response. He arrives at the set to film shots of Claudia in her costumes. She does a few takes, but leaves, saying shell return when she reads the script. Guido agrees that thats fair and drives her away. Theyre followed by paparazzi, but he manages to lose them. Claudia realizes that there is no script and they take a walk. She asks him what he wants the film to be about and his description closely resembles his own ordeal: a man lost and in love with so many women. When they stop to rest, she tells him that she loves him but he is unable to love her ("Unusual Way"). Claudia tells him he doesn't see the real her, only the movie star he has created for the masses. She leaves. He returns to review screen tests of new actresses and keeps looking to the back to see if Luisa has arrived. Hes relieved when she finally does. She watches and is heartbroken to see him say something in a clip to an actress that hed said to her when they first met. When everyone leaves, she explains to him that hes reminded her that shes not special, just another link in the chain and leaves him ("Take It All"). He finally comes to terms with his mental block ("I Cant Make This Movie"), realizing that hes lost everything: his wife, his muse, his talent, and has nothing to make the movie. He apologizes to the staff that there was never a movie, just an idea, and has the set destroyed before leaving Rome. Two years later, Guido is in a caf in Anguillara looking at an advertisement for a play starring Luisa. He waits outside the theatre that night, and watches her leave with a man. He walks with Lilli a few days later and tries to find more information about her. Lilli tells him that shes not going be to be the middle-man for them, implying that Luisa asks for him as well. She asks if he will ever make a movie again. He says that he wont because he wouldnt know what to make, except a movie about a man trying to win back his wife. Lilli says that thats a good start and the costumes wont be too bad either. Guido returns to his element, passionate about a story once more. As he speaks with his actors about the scene, his nine-year-old self (Giuseppe Spitaleri) gathers the cast of Guidos life together. As Guido takes his place in the directors chair, the cast of Guido's life assemble on the scaffolding behind him, culminating with the arrival of his mother and nine-year-old Guido running to sit on the older Guidos lap ("Finale"). Luisa arrives without being seen and watches in that background, happy to see Guido back to his old self. She smiles as he is raised on a crane and calls, Action! [edit] 
 Grindhouse (2007)541) Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez's homage to exploitation double features in the '60s and '70s with two back-to-back cult films that include previews of coming attractions between them. A double-bill of thrillers that recall both filmmakers' favorite exploitation films. "Grindhouse" (a downtown movie theater in disrepair since its glory days as a movie palace known for "grinding out" non-stop double-bill programs of B-movies) is presented as one full-length feature comprised of two individual films helmed separately by each director. "Death Proof," is a rip-roaring slasher flick where the killer pursues his victims with a car rather than a knife, while "Planet Terror" shows us a view of the world in the midst of a zombie outbreak. The films are joined together by clever faux trailers that recall the '50s exploitation drive-in classics. alfiehitchie Paying homage to the unapologetic exploitation films of the 1970s, often shown in the now-defunct "grindhouse" movie theatres, Quentin Tarantino , the director of Pulp Fiction (1994) , and Robert Rodriguez , the director of Sin City (2005) , team up to offer a white-knuckle cinematic thrill-ride, just like they used to make them. Interspersed with five unabashedly outrageous faux trailers-- Machete (2010) , Werewolf Women of the S.S. (2007) , Don't (2007) , Thanksgiving (2007) , and Hobo with a Shotgun (2011) --the double feature consists of two diverse, stand-alone movies. In Planet Terror (2007) , a feisty go-go dancer and a handful of survivors do battle with an ever-increasing army of ravenous cannibalistic zombies, while in Death Proof (2007) , a misogynistic former Hollywood stunt double takes great pleasure in playing deadly cat-and-mouse games with unsuspecting women, driving his reinforced 1969 Dodge Charger. Do you fancy a wild ride? Nick Riganas An homage to exploitation B-movie thrillers that combines two feature-length segments into one double-bill designed to replicate the grind house theatergoing experience of the 70s and 80s. In "Death Proof," a psycho named Stuntman Mike stalks and kills beautiful women with his car. In "Planet Terror," a small-town sheriffs' department has to deal with an outbreak of murderous, infected people called "sickos." A gun-legged woman named Cherry and her martial arts-wielding partner take on the zombie army. The two films will be fused together by fake movie trailers. prettypoison Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Coming Attraction: MACHETE; A mysterious well-dressed white guy ( Jeff Fahey ) picks up a Mexican manual laborer named Machete ( Danny Trejo ), and wants him to assassinate a senator. When Machete is about to kill his target, he's double-crossed by the white guy and shot. Machete survives; it is revealed that he is actually a federale, and he asks his priest ( Cheech Marin ) for help in killing the plotters. Machete and the priest go on a killing rampage, and Machete even gets with the white guy's wife and daughter in their pool. The trailer ends as Machete attaches a machine gun to his motorcycle and is launched in the air, blasting away the bad guys. Directed by Robert Rodriguez. Rated X for extreme violence. PLANET TERROR Cherry Darling ( Rose McGowan ) is dancing at a go-go bar during the opening credits. As she finishes, she cries. Her boss Skip ( Skip Reissig ) gets upset with her for crying again. Cherry says that she is quitting, though she says that she only works there once a week. She takes her pay and leaves. Cherry walks down a road and is almost run over by a convoy of military vehicles on their way to an old military base, led by scientist Abby ( Naveen Andrews ) and Lt. Muldoon ( Bruce Willis ). They get to the base, where Abby expresses his disappointment that his three specimens have escaped. The man in charge ( Julio Oscar Mechoso ) pleads for him to spare him, but Abby wants his balls and takes out a big jar full of testicles that he collects. The man is held down, and Abby cuts off his balls to add it to his collection, and then shoots him dead. Muldoon and his men are all wearing gas masks, and their supply of gas runs out. They are all forced to breathe without them, and Muldoon asks where the "shit" is. Abby says that its all there on the base and a shootout begins. His jar of balls is destroyed and he's hit by a car, landing face first into testicles. His men are shot to death by Muldoon's troops, and he again asks where it is. Muldoon's face starts to boil and Abby says that its all around them. He grabs a pistol and blasts a gas canister open, spreading gas everywhere. Some men are unfortunate and walk through the gas, melting into a gooey mess. However, Muldoon and his men walk into the gas and enjoy it while Abby escapes in a vehicle. But one of the soldiers is riding on top of the vehicle. Dr. William Block ( Josh Brolin ) and his wife Dr. Dakota Block ( Marley Shelton ) prepare for work at the hospital during the night shift as their son Tony ( Rebel Rodriguez ) plays with his toy car and eats his meal. While Doc Block is in another room, Dakota text messages someone on her cell phone and makes plans to rendezvous with them later that night. Block is clearly suspicious, but she acts like nothing's wrong. Two twin babysitters will arrive soon for their kid. Dr and Mrs. Block go to their hospital, where Block immediately is needed for a patient named Joe ( Nicky Katt ), who's been bitten in the arm and now the wound is infected. Block looks at his nasty wound while another doctor looks through pictures of severe infections to try and figure out what Joe has. His temperature is high, and when Block makes Joe open his mouth he is startled that his tongue is infected as well. Block squeezes a boil, making the blood spurt onto his glasses. The infection on his arm is spreading, so he calls in Dakota and tells Joe that he's going to sever his arm. Dakota has three needles and injects Joe with all of them, making him pass out. Elsewhere, Cherry goes to J.T.'s ( Jeff Fahey ) restaurant, a greasy-spoon diner called 'The Bone Shack' on a hill, where she is the only customer. Tammy ( Fergie ) also pulls into J.T.'s, where her car has overheated. She puts water in her radiator while J.T. tries to persuade her to order something inside. Tammy gets her car working again and leaves as Wray ( Freddy Rodrguez ) arrives in his truck. J.T.'s dog eats at the counter as he welcomes Wray, and J.T. points out that Cherry is his only other customer that night. Turns out Wray and Cherry have a history together, and she's wearing his jacket. They briefly talk about their past, and Cherry sardonically states that she is going to become a stand-up comedian. Their flame for each is other is clearly still there, and Cherry catches a lift with Wray. Back at the hospital, more and more people are coming in with boils and infections. The doctors don't know what the hell is going on. On the road, Tammy is listening to a radio broadcast dedicated to the memory of someone named Jungle Julia when her car breaks down near the military base, and upon trying to hitch a ride she is attacked by the infected people (called sickos), who tear her apart and drag her body off the road. Wray and Cherry see them dragging the body, but think that it's just a dead deer. Wray says that its best to run right through a deer if it's in front of you, because trying to swerve might cause you to crash. He is immediately startled by a sicko in the road and swerves, losing control of his truck. The truck rolls over until its upside down, and Cherry gets after him for swerving; he replies that it wasn't just a deer in the road. Sickos grab Cherry and take her to the woods. Wray grabs a rifle and runs after her. By the time Wray catches up with them, the sickos have ripped off and eaten Cherry's right leg. Wray shoots the sickos, but they don't die. He puts Cherry in his truck and speeds off to the hospital. Doc Block asks Wray what happened when Sheriff Hague ( Michael Biehn ) arrives with Deputy Carlos ( Carlos Gallardo ) and Deputy Tolos ( Tom Savini ). Hague is startled to see Wray due to an unexplained secret in his past, asks why he's carrying a rifle, and arrests him as more sick people show up. Block calls Dakota over and shows her Tammy's corpse. A doctor calls her a no-brainer, since she's missing the back of her head and her brain. Dakota gets upset and cries in a room while Block follows her. He knows that Tammy and Dakota used to have a lesbian relationship, and that they were going to run off that night. Block grabs one of Dakota's needles and stabs her hands with it, causing her hands to become numb. Before he can kill her, Block is called away by another doctor, but he first locks Dakota in a room. The other doctor tells him that all the dead bodies have disappeared from the morgue, with a thick trail of blood leading away. As Dr. Block walks down a hallway, he looks into a room where Joe has turned into a sicko and walks towards him with a circular power saw. Joe cuts Block's glasses, but the saw shuts off when he walks too far away from the outlet, pulling out the plug. Instead, Joe bursts a boil on his face and smears his blood all over Blocks face, infecting him. Also, Cherry wakes up and is depressed over her severed leg. At the police station, Hague keeps asking Wray who he really is when he gets a call from his brother J.T., who complains that there are people loitering in front of his restaurant who aren't customers. Their conversation reveals that Hague owns the diner and is raising J.T.'s rent due to his brother's refusal to reveal his secret recipe. J.T. then tells Hague not to bother coming over, since the people are coming in, but it turns out the people are sickos, and they presumably attack J.T. after the scene cuts away. Suddenly, Tolos bursts into the police station and says that a man bit off his finger. When the cops go outside to investigate, they see that the sicko has escaped from Tolos' cop car. Carlos finds Tolos' ring on the ground, but no finger. As he gives Tolos his ring back, Carlos is bitten on the arm and attacked by sickos. Before they know it, Carlos is gruesomely torn apart and eaten by the sickos. Hague and Tolos shoot the sickos, but more show up. Hague and Tolos fight them off as Wray stays inside the station. Tolos is thrown hard against a car, but lives. More police officers show up and blast away the sickos by shooting them in the head. Wray says that he's going to the hospital to get Cherry, and Hague tells him that they'll take his car. Hague's car explodes, and so the remaining cops get into the back of Wray's truck and head towards the hospital. At the home of Texas Ranger Earl McGraw ( Michael Parks ), he feeds his virtually catatonic cancer-stricken wife some soup. He looks away for a second, and when he looks back she's turned into a sicko. Dakota throws herself out of a window, landing in trash outside of the hospital. She goes to her car, but her hands are still numb. She puts her hand through the handle on her car door and kicks the door open, but loses her balance and falls, breaking her hand. Dakota gets into the car and puts her keys in with her mouth, then drives off and runs into a lot of cars. As she leaves, Wray and the cops show up. Wray tries to grab a gun, but Hague won't let him. Instead, he grabs a couple of knives out of the truck's glove compartment and runs into the hospital as the cops fight the sickos outside. Wray slices and dices all the sickos in his path, and eventually makes it to Cherry's room. He tells her to come with him, but she can't walk. Wray tells her to suck it up, and breaks a table, shoving its leg into Cherry's stump. Cherry awkwardly walks with Wray through the hospital as he protects her from the sickos. They meet up with Hague, and they make their way to J.T.'s. When they get there, they see J.T. lying down on the ground apparently with his intestines out. Upon further inspection, though, it turns out J.T. was merely unconscious with some barbecued sausages on his stomach, having killed all the sickos by shooting them in the head. Meanwhile, the crazy babysitter twins ( Electra Avellan and Elise Avellan ) talk on the phone while Dakota's son plays with his toys. Dakota comes home, and the babysitter twins get angry at her because her friend didn't show up to take her son, and they have other things to do. Dakota kicks them out of her house and tells her son that they have to leave, but before they do he takes every pet he has with them. While Dakota and her son, Tony, are in their car, the crazy babysitter twins attack them with shovels and smash the windshield. She speeds off, causing one of the twins to land hard on the ground. Dakota drives to Earl McGraw's house, and gives her son a pistol. She tells him that if anyone other than her comes to the car, he must shoot them in the head like in his video games. He asks what if it's dad, and she tells him "especially if it's him." Before she leaves, Dakota tells him to be careful or he'll shoot his own face off. As Dakota walks to the house, she hears a gunshot. She runs to the car to find that her son accidentally shot himself in the head. Her grief is interrupted by Block showing up, having turned into a sicko. He holds her by the hair, but she rips herself away from him, grabs her dead son, and knocks on the front door. Earl, who is revealed to be Dakota's father, lets her in; it is apparent that he has killed his infected wife. Back at J.T.'s, while everyone recuperates and thinks about what to do, Cherry and Wray go to J.T.'s bedroom to talk. Wray says that the reason he looked for his jacket so much is because of what's inside it. Cherry looks through it and finds a wedding ring which has "two against the world" etched into it. Wray was going to propose to her, but she left him. As Wray and Cherry have sex... The film is broken up and stops. A title card comes up saying that the film is missing a reel, and the theater apologizes for the inconvenience. When the film starts again, J.T.'s diner is engulfed in flames, besieged by sickos. Hague has apparently been accidently shot in the neck by Tolos, and more survivors have showed up (the babysitter twins, Cherry's boss Skip, Dakota, Earl, and several other people). Also, Wray has evidently told Hague who he really is, with both men hinting at some important dialogue that was apparently lost in the missing reel. Hague gives his pistol to Wray. Tolos is against it, but Hague wants Wray to have all the guns. Wray spins his pistols and becomes the leader of the group. The survivors go outside and see that they're surrounded by the sickos. They unload into them, but more keep on coming. Then Tolos is ripped apart and eaten by the sickos. They go back inside and Wray says that someone needs to retrieve his truck so that they can leave. Cherry volunteers and hobbles out as Wray covers her by firing an assault rifle at the dozens of sickos outside. Cherry drives Wray's truck into the restaurant, and Hague gets into the driver's seat. The others pile into the back while Skip gets into J.T.'s roofless convertible along with the babysitter twins and Dakota. Cherry rides the motorcycle, and Earl stays behind to provide cover for their escape. After they break through the sickos, the survivors stop at Dakota's car and pull out a small motorcycle out of the trunk. Dakota rides on the large motorcycle with Cherry as Wray leads the way on the tiny vehicle. They shoot more sickos while Hague runs them over with the truck. J.T.'s dog unfortunately jumps out of the truck and is run over as well. The survivors get to a bridge, where hundreds of sickos are blocking their path. They don't have enough bullets, but the sickos are shot to death by Muldoon and his men. Muldoon knows who Wray is, and has his men knock him out. When Wray wakes up, he finds himself locked up with the other survivors in the military base (Abby is there as well). Two of the militants (including a lecherous Quentin Tarantino ) grab Cherry and Dakota. Wray tries to help, but is beaten up. On the elevator ride down, the lecherous soldier stops the elevator and takes off his gas mask. He threatens Cherry with his pistol while his face starts to boil. The other military guy tells him to put his mask back on, and when he does his face becomes normal again. Back in the holding cell, Abby tells Wray about the gas, called DC-2, noting that a small percentage of people are immune to it. Abby has been working on a cure, but was stopped by Muldoon and his men, who are stealing the gas for whatever reason. Wray and J.T. try to overpower the guards, but J.T. winds up shot in the stomach. The last guard orders Wray to give up his gun, but he flips it and shoots the guard dead. Wray tells everyone to stay there, and goes off with Abby to find the girls. Wray and Abby comes across Muldoon in front of a gas canister, and shoot his soldiers dead. Muldoon reveals that he was the soldier who famously killed Osama bin Laden over a year ago on a mission into Pakistan, but when he killed him he was exposed to a deadly gas along with his troops. Muldoon promised to do whatever he could for them, and so they continually need to breathe in the gas or else they'll turn into sickos. He takes off his mask and turns slowly turns into a nasty human blob. Wray and Abby shoot Muldoon to death. Cherry sarcastically complains that now she won't ever be a stand-up comedian, but Dakota gives her some words of wisdom. The two soldiers show up again, and the lecherous one wants Cherry to dance. Cherry hobbles around and cries while the he turns on some music. He takes off his mask again and prepares to rape her when Cherry trips him and stabs him through the eye with her wooden leg, breaking it off. He's not dead, though, and since she "gave him wood" he's looking to return the favor. The rapist drops his pants and everyone is disgusted. When he looks down, he sees that his genitals are melting off. His friend urges him to put his gas mask on, but the rapist says that he'll just have to make it a quickie. Wray and Abby save the girls, but Cherry is bent out of shape over breaking her leg. Wray says that he has something for her, and attaches a machine gun to her stump. Cherry shoots the rapist dead and blast opens a door to kill three more sicko military guys. Wray, Abby, Cherry and Dakota grab a bunch of guns and arm the survivors. They plan to blow up the military base, and they leave the detonator with the mortally wounded J.T. and Hague. The survivors make their way outside and start to kill off the sicko soldiers. Wray drives a motorcycle with Cherry in the back, who unloads her machine gun leg into everyone. J.T. finally tells his brother Hague the recipe he uses for his meat, and Hague dies after writing it down. J.T. then presses the detonator, blowing up parts of the base including himself. The survivors plan to get to the helicopters, but it's behind a series of barriers. Apart from Wray, Cherry's boss Skip is the only one that can fly the choppers. Abby says that he'll take care of the sicko soldiers behind the walls, but immediately has his head blown off. Cherry launches herself off the ground with her grenade launcher and blows up a bunch of sickos mid-air. When she lands, she rolls around and blasts them away. The survivors make it behind the walls and fight the sickos. One of them shoots a rocket at Cherry, but she dodges it and blows him up. All looks well, and Cherry watches the base burn, but doesn't notice a sicko soldier behind her. Wray and the soldier unload into each other, and Cherry runs to the dying Wray. While the survivors get into a helicopter, Dakota runs into another one and is confronted by Block again. Earl shows up and shoots Block to death. Everyone gets into the helicopter and Skip flies it, but not before he cuts through a group of sickos with the helicopter's rotary blades. The crazy babysitter twins laugh with glee over the bloodbath and enjoy taking pot-shots themselves at the sickos on the ground, while one gets into the co-pilot seat and turns on the helicopter's windshield wipers to wash the blood splattered on the front windows. On the ground, Wray tells Cherry to go to the ocean, turn her back to the sea, and fight. Cherry pleads with him, asking him not to forget his promise of "two against the world"; he says that the promise is still good, as he has made her pregnant. Wray dies, and Cherry grabs onto a lowered rope from the helicopter as it flies away. Some months later, Cherry tells us via voice-over that she's found other survivors, and that they took Wray's advice and settled down near the ocean in a remote part of Mexico. On the beach, Skip is enjoying this new lifestyle with the crazy babysitter twins by his side, with several armed survivors, including Dakota, patrolling the area for sickos. A sicko pops out to attack a small child in the crowd of survivors when Cherry blasts him away with her new chain-machine gun attached to her leg. The film ends with Cherry and her baby daughter, the product from her brief period of sex with Wray, being happy, two against the world. Coming Attractions: WEREWOLF WOMEN OF THE SS; a diabolical film about Hitler's real plan on making a superhuman race of werewolves. Starring Udo Kier , Tom Towles , Bill Moseley , Sheri Moon Zombie , Sybil Danning , and Nicolas Cage as Fu Manchu. Directed by Rob Zombie . DONT; a foreign spook film about a haunted mansion. The trailer repeatedly says the title (if you're thinking about seeing this movie alone... don't), and you see ghosts/zombies/ghouls in the house. Directed by Edgar Wright . THANKSGIVING; a slasher flick about a killer ( Jeff Rendell ), dressed as a pilgrim who attacks people in a small town on Thanksgiving. A town parade is disrupted by the killer decapitating a person in a turkey costume. A cheerleader ( Vendula Bednarova ) undresses while jumping on a trampoline. The killer/pilgrim grabs her boyfriend ( Petr Vancura ) and the naked cheerleader falls onto a knife through her vagina. Judy ( Jordan Ladd ) gives her boyfriend Tucker ( Eli Roth ) oral sex in a convertible, unaware that he's been decapitated. She swallows, and his head is dropped on the windshield. Bobby ( Jay Hernandez ) tells Judy to relax and says that he'll take care of her. She kisses him, and finds that he also has been decapitated. A cop ( Mark Bakunas ) licks blood from a decapitated body and tells the sheriff ( Michael Biehn ) that it's blood. The killer pilgrim ties down a family over Thanksgiving dinner and reveals a human turkey. The trailer ends as the killer has sex with the turkey. Directed by Eli Roth. DEATH PROOF Austin, Texas. The opening titles come up as Shanna ( Jordan Ladd ) and Arlene ( Vanessa Ferlito ) drive around in their car. Local disc jockey Jungle Julia ( Sydney Poitier ) wanders around her small apartment, gets dressed, sits on her couch, and smokes her bong. Shanna and Arlene pick up Jungle Julia, and they drive around while talking about boys and drugs. They scream every time they see a billboard with Jungle Julia on it. They go to a local bar named Gueros. As they enter, Arlene sees a black car stopped in the middle of the street. The driver watches the girls and then speeds off down the road. Inside, the girls are approached by Jungle Julia's friend. They all make it apparent that Jungle Julia talked a little about Arlene on the radio earlier. She said that she was going out with her friends that night, and if anyone sees Arlene, then they should approach her and give her a drink. When they do, they have to look her in the eyes and recite a little poem. If they do all that and call her "butterfly," then Arlene will give them a lap dance. Arlene gets after Jungle Julia for saying that on the air, but she says that if she doesn't do it, everyone will know that she's chicken shit. Jungle Julia makes a deal with her, though... if it's an unattractive guy, then Arlene can say that she was already approached and already gave the lap dance. She can give it to whoever she wants. The girls drink and then go to another bar, called the Texas Chili Parlor run by Warren ( Quentin Tarantino ), where they continue to drink up a storm. Dov ( Eli Roth ) and his friend join the girls and drink with them. Jungle Julia spends some time alone, text messaging a guy and telling him that she's waiting for him. She then rejoins her friends just as Warren buys them all shots of Chartreuse. Arlene has had enough and goes outside to smoke a cigarette. Warren notices that a light in the parking lot is off, and tells a bartender to turn it on. When they do, Arlene sees the black car from before parked in the lot. We are thus introduced to Stuntman Mike ( Kurt Russell ), sloppily eating nachos at the bar. Dov and his friend want to have sex with the girls, but they're going to a vacation house where there are no boys allowed. Dov plans to get the girls extra drunk so that they will let them come over as well, and then they'll get laid. Dov makes fun of Stuntman Mike due to his 1980s clothes and hairstyle. Also at the bar is Pam ( Rose McGowan ), an old schoolmate of Jungle Julia, who she has a little rivalry with. Pam asks Warren if he knows anyone dependable who can give her a lift home, when a set of keys slide across the bar. Stuntman Mike offers to drive her home, but she'll have to wait until he's ready to leave. Pam asks if he'll be sober enough to drive later on, but Stuntman Mike says that he doesn't drink alcohol, which prompts her to ask why he's been hanging around the bar for hours. Stuntman Mike says that the bar offers more than alcohol, including women and nachos. Lanna Frank ( Monica Staggs ) shows up and hangs out with Jungle Julia. At one point they go outside and smoke some pot when Stuntman Mike introduces himself to Jungle Julia. He pretends not to know who she is, even though there's a big billboard of her right next to them. She offers him some pot, but he declines. It looks like he's about to sneeze for the longest time, but he doesn't. He excuses himself and goes back inside, making the girls think he's a loser. Inside, Pam has been talking to Warren, and neither knows which films Stuntman Mike has been in. He gives a whole laundry list of TV shows and actors from the 1970s and 1980s, but Pam is not familiar with any of them. Later on, Jungle Julia asks Arlene if she wants the boys to come with them back to the house, but she says no. Stuntman Mike approaches Arlene with a drink, looks her dead in the eyes, recites the poem, and calls her "butterfly." Jungle Julia says that Arlene already did the lap dance earlier. Stuntman Mike asks if it's his scar across his face that frightens Arlene, but she says that it's his car... she recognizes it from earlier. Jungle Julia again tells him that she already did the lap dance, but he sees right through her. He knows that Arlene feels a little hurt that no one approached her before him to recite the poem, and smooth talks her. He then pulls out a notebook which he says has the names of all the people he's met, and says that he's going to have to put Arlene's name under "chicken shit." Arlene is enticed by him, and agrees to give him the lap dance. She tells him to go inside and get ready. Another message about a missing film reel comes up from the theater owner. When the film starts again, everyone is leaving the bar. Arlene apparently did give Stuntman Mike a lap dance, and he's going to drive Pam home (though she says to the other girls that she won't have sex with him, which he overhears). Pam is a little freaked out by his black car, which has a skull and crossbones on the hood. Stuntman Mike assures her that the car is death proof due to being a stunt car, and is reinforced on all sides. He opens the passenger door for her, and she notices that the passenger seat is only a removable stool, and there's a plexiglass barrier between it and the driver's seat. She sits down, and he slams the door shut. As they begin to leave, Stuntman Mike sees Jungle Julia and her friends turning to the left. He asks Pam which way she's going. She's going to the right, but he tells her that that's too bad because they're both going left. Had Pam been going to the left, she wouldn't have gotten scared for a while, but because she wanted to go to the right she's going to have to be scared immediately. Stuntman Mike slams the gas and speeds off to the left. He swerves around hard, causing Pam to be thrown around in her seat. She's bloodied, and she begs for him to stop and tell her this is a joke. He tells her that this car is 100% death proof, but in order to get the benefit of it she really needs to be sitting in the driver's seat. Stuntman Mike slams on the brakes, causing Pam to smash her head on the dashboard, breaking her nose and apparently sending pieces of it into her brain. She painfully dies as he watches. He then lowers his visor to pull out photos of Jungle Julia, Arlene, and Shanna. He throws out the photos and speeds off towards the girls. Lanna drives the girls down a rural dark road as Jungle Julia puts one of her very long legs out of the window in the front passenger seat. Shanna and Arlene are seated in the back. Everyone is drunk and wasted, and Jungle Julia blasts a song on the radio. Stuntman Mike catches up and speeds ahead of them. While the girls enjoy the song, Stuntman Mike swerves the car around up ahead in the road and turns off his lights. He revs the engine and speeds towards the girls head-on. Stuntman Mike turns on his lights at the last possible moment, but it's too late for the girls. Both cars collide, and carnage ensues. Shanna is thrown from the car and dies from the impact. Lanna's neck is broken as it's smashed against the steering wheel. Jungle Julia is mangled, and her severed right leg goes flying. And as Stuntman Mike's car goes through their car, his wheels brutally rip Arlene's face off. Stuntman Mike is brought to the hospital, where Earl McGraw and his son Edgar McGraw ( James Parks ) ask Dr. Dakota Block how the patient is doing. Earl gives his daughter some lip about having her last name being Block, which makes Dakota storm off. Earl tells Edgar that he thinks Stuntman Mike premeditated the car crash, but he of course can't prove it. Even though he was seriously hurt in the crash, he will recover from his injuries. 14 months later. Lebanon, Tennessee. Abernathy ( Rosario Dawson ), Kim ( Tracie Thoms ), and Lee ( Mary Elizabeth Winstead ) pick up Zoe Bell ( Zo Bell ) from the airport. Stuntman Mike takes pictures of all of them and watches from a distance. The girls work in the movie industry, with Zoe and Kim being stuntwomen and Lee being an actress (who's stuck wearing a cheerleader uniform), and Abernathy is a make-up person and stand-in. They have the next few days off, and so they plan to party. They discuss boys, and Abernathy talks about almost sleeping with the director on their way to a restaurant for breakfast. While eating, it's made clear that Lee is not too bright and that Kim carries a gun around. Abernathy tells her that people who carry guns are more likely to get shot, and recommends other weapons to carry (pepper spray, knife, e.t.c...). Kim says that when she does her laundry at midnight, she doesn't want to get raped, so she carries around a gun; people who use knives get shot to hell. Zoe and Kim also talk about the movie Vanishing Point (1971) , and what a great movie it is. Zoe says that it's long been her dream to drive a car like the one in the film, and that she has been following the classified ads in the local paper; someone has advertised the same make/model of the car, and Zoe wants to feign a test drive so that she can fulfill her fantasy. Throughout this conversation, Stuntman Mike silently watches them from the front counter. The girls drive to the car owner's house, where Jasper ( Jonathan Loughran ) keeps the car out back. Zoe wants to test drive the car without Jasper in order to do a dangerous stunt with Kim, but Kim absolutely does not want to take part. Zoe finally convinces her to do it when she offers to be her back-breaking slave for the next few days. Abernathy wants to join in, but Kim and Zoe tell her that it's too dangerous since she's a mother, so she can't. Abernathy is tired of that excuse, and will do whatever they're doing. They all can't go, though, since the plan relies on Jasper letting them take the car without him. Abernathy convinces the others to take her along by persuading Jasper to let them take his car without him. She tells him where they're staying and their full names so he can find them if they take off. Also, she's going to leave Lee behind so that she can possibly engage in sex with him. Jasper happily agrees, and the girls leave the confused Lee behind with Jasper. They stop the car in the middle of the road, and Kim and Zoe discuss who's going to do it first. Zoe will start off on top, and ties her belt around a door. Kim ties Abernathy's belt around the other door. The girls speed down the road with the windows down, and Zoe climbs out the window onto the roof. From there, she holds onto the belts and lies down on the hood while Kim races the car through the road. Abernathy is nervous at first, but slowly enjoys herself. All the while Stuntman Mike watches them with his binoculars. He laughs and speeds off towards the girls. Stuntman Mike smashes into the back of the car, which freaks them out. He continually smashes his car against theirs, causing Zoe to gradually lose her grip on the belts. It gets to the point where Zoe has to hold onto the hood, but she continually struggles to stay on while Stuntman Mike smashes their car. Eventually, he crashes into their car so much that it causes them to swerve onto the shoulder of a road near the woods. Stuntman Mike gets out of his car with glee and says that it was fun. Kim pulls out her gun and shoots him in the shoulder. He speeds off down the road while Abernathy and Kim are shaken up and cry over Zoe, who was ejected from the hood into the brush. Zoe, however, pops up and tells them that she's okay, even enjoying it a little bit. The girls plan to get back at their attacker. Zoe grabs a metal pole and straddles the window of the car while Kim speeds down the road. Stuntman Mike stops in the middle of the road, in pain from his bullet wound, wailing over his undeserved misfortune. He drinks a lot of alcohol and pours some on his arm. The girls crash into the back of his car, and Zoe smashes his windows out. She jabs his arm and head with the pole and Stuntman Mike speeds off again. Zoe, Kim, and Abernathy chase after him down the highway and through back roads. The tables have turned, and Kim now continually smashes into Stuntman Mike's car. Their chase causes other drivers on the highway to swerve out of control, along with a biker who's sent flying off his bike. The girls eventually cause Stuntman Mike's car to lose control and flip over. They get out of their car and drag him out of his. Abernathy, Kim, and Zoe literally beat Stuntman Mike to death with their bare hands. The film ends just as Abernathy lands the death blow by smashing his face in with her boot. 
 Planet Terror (2007)651) After an experimental bio-weapon is released, turning thousands into zombie-like creatures, it's up to a rag-tag group of survivors to stop the infected and those behind its release. After an experimental bio-nerve gas is accidentally released at a remote U.S. military base in Texas, those exposed to the gas turn into flesh-eating, mutating zombies out to kill. An assortment of various people who include stripper Cherry, her shady mechanic ex-boyfriend Wray, a strong-willed doctor, the local sheriff, and an assortment of various people must join forces to survive the night as the so-called "sickos" threaten to take over the whole town and the world. Anonymous In Texas, the gang leaded by the black market dealer Abby faces a group of renegade militaries leaded by Captain Muldoon in an abandoned military base. During their shootout, Abby shoots a recipient of biological weapon, releasing an experimental highly-contagious gas that turns humans to flesh-eating zombies. Meanwhile, in the local hospital, Dr. Block sees an epidemic with many patients with the same nasty symptoms. When the outbreak affects most of the local population, a group of people with immunity leaded by the mechanic Wray, Sheriff Hague, the stripper Cherry and the Dr. Dakota, fight to survive and become the last hope to save the world. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In a rural town in Texas, go-go dancer Cherry Darling (with a leg/machine gun), decides to quit her low-paying job and find another use for her numerous 'useless' talents. Cherry's ex-boyfriend, El Wray, at the Bone Shack, a restaurant owned by J.T. Hague, a group of military officials, led by the demented Lt. Muldoon, are making a business transaction with a scientist named Abby for a deadly biochemical agent known as DC2 codename "Project Terror", but when Muldoon learns Abby has an extra supply on hand, he attempts to take Abby hostage and Abby intentionally releases the gas into the air. As gun-legged Cherry Darling and one man wrecking crew El Wray try to save the world from a horde of flesh-eating zombies. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} As a desperate chemical engineer releases the airborne "Project Terror" biochemical agent into the air, a small town somewhere in rural Texas becomes the epicentre of a virulent epidemic after a failed transaction with the demented evil-doer, Lt. Muldoon. Now, as an ever-increasing army of ravenous cannibalistic zombies infests the area, a handful of survivors led by the deadly go-go dancer, Cherry Darling, must fight tooth-and-nail, refusing to go down without a fight. Now, a terrible disease is putting the entire world in jeopardy. Is there an escape from the inhospitable Planet Terror? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Over the opening credits, Cherry Darling (Rose McGowan) works as a go-go dancer at a club. After crying onstage, she tells her boss Skip (Skip Reissig) that she needs to make a real change in her life and quits her job. While walking home, several military trucks pass her close enough that she throws herself into a bunch of trashcans. She also gets several splinters in her thigh for her trouble. At the military base a couple of miles away from town, scientist Abby (Naveen Andrews) is threatening his incompetent employee Romey (Julio Oscar Mechoso) for having lost three very valuable 'specimens'; the price of failure is Abby's henchmen cutting off Romey's testicles, which Abby keeps in a jar along with a collection of them from other victims. Lt. Muldoon (Bruce Willis) shows up, wearing a gas mask. He asks Abby where the "shit" is, and Abby says that its all there on the base, prompting a short gunfight. His men are shot to death by Muldoon's troops, and he again asks where the mysterious "shit" is. Muldoon's face starts to boil and Abby says that its all around them. He grabs a pistol and blasts a gas canister open, spreading gas everywhere. Some are unfortunately exposed instantly to the gas, melting into gooey messes. However, Muldoon and his men walk into the green gas and enjoy it while Abby escapes in a vehicle, not noticing one of Muldoon's soldiers is riding on top of the vehicle. The green mist spreads through the air. Meanwhile, Cherry stops at a rundown barbecue restaurant called 'The Bone Shack'. A young woman named Tammy (Fergie) arrives and asks the owner J.T. (Jeff Fahey) for some water for her car's overheated engine. Cherry goes to the dirty ladies room where she cleans her leg wound and sits down in the restaurant where she is the only customer. After Tammy drives away, Wray (Freddy Rodrguez), a local mechanic, arrives in his truck. J.T., obsessed with having the best barbecue in Texas and winning a local contest tells Wray that he is celebrating is restaurant's 25th anniversary. Wray sits at Cherry's table and the two converse, revealing Wray and Cherry have a history together, and she's wearing his jacket. They briefly talk about their past, and Cherry sardonically states that she is going to become a stand-up comedian. Their flame for each is other is clearly still there, and Cherry catches a lift with Wray. Dr. William Block (Josh Brolin) and Dr. Dakota Block (Marley Shelton) wake up at 8:00 PM for their late shift at the hospital where they work. Through their window, they can see the eerie green mist. Dakota makes breakfast for her husband and son, Tony (Rebel Rodriguez) and slyly texts her lover to pick up Tony, who will be with the babysitter. In the hospital where Bill and Dakota work, people with strange symptoms start arriving: the first one, Joe (Nicky Katt), has a bite supposedly half an hour old with an advanced stage of gangrene and bacterial infection. Dr. Felix (Felix Sabates) notes he has seen similar wounds before in Iraq soldiers, due to mustard gas. Joe's temperature is high, and when Block makes Joe open his mouth he is startled that his tongue is infected as well. Block squeezes a boil, making it burst and blood and fluid spurt onto his face. The infection on Joe's arm is spreading, so he calls in Dakota and tells Joe that he's going to amputate his arm. Dakota has three needles and injects Joe with all of them, making him pass out. On the road, Tammy is listening to a radio broadcast dedicated to the memory of someone named Jungle Julia when her car breaks down near the military base. While trying to hitch a ride she is attacked by the infected people (called "sickos"), who tear her apart and drag her body off the road. Wray and Cherry see them dragging the body, but think that it's just a dead deer. (Wray says that its best to run right through a deer if it's in front of you, because trying to swerve might cause you to crash.) He is immediately startled by a sicko in the road and swerves, losing control of his truck. The truck rolls over until its upside down, and Cherry gets after him for swerving; he replies that it wasn't just a deer in the road. Sickos suddenly grab Cherry and take her to the woods. Wray grabs a rifle and runs after her. By the time Wray catches up with them, the sickos have ripped off Cherry's right leg and have run off with it. Wray shoots the sickos, but they don't die. He puts Cherry in his truck and speeds off to the hospital. At the hospital, Cherry is barely awake when admitted. While Dr. Block asks Wray what happened, Sheriff Hague (Michael Biehn) arrives with Deputy Carlos (Carlos Gallardo) and Deputy Tolo (Tom Savini). Hague is startled to see Wray due to an unexplained secret in his past and asks why he's carrying a rifle. Hague arrests him as more sick people show up. Block calls Dakota over and shows her Tammy's corpse which also arrives. A doctor calls her a "no-brainer", since she's missing the back of her head and her brain. Dakota gets upset and cries in a room while Block follows her. He knows that Tammy and Dakota used to have a lesbian relationship, and that they were going to run off that night. Block grabs one of Dakota's needles and stabs her hands with it, causing her hands to become numb. Before he can kill her, Block is called away by another doctor, but he first locks Dakota in the room. The other doctor tells him that all the dead bodies have disappeared from the morgue, with a thick trail of blood leading away. At the police station, Wray is permitted to make one phone call where he has a coded conversation with someone on the other end; Wray asks about something called "DC-2", and asks more coded questions. Earl McGraw (Michael Parks), a local Texas Ranger, talks with Wray over his troubles, and leaves for home to care for his sick wife who's dying from lung cancer. Sheriff Hague keeps asking Wray who he really is when he gets a call from his brother J.T., who complains that there are two people loitering in front of his restaurant who aren't customers. Their conversation reveals that Hague owns the diner and is raising J.T.'s rent due to his brother's refusal to reveal his secret barbecue recipe. J.T. tells Hague not to bother coming over, since the people are coming in, but it turns out the people are sickos, and they presumably attack J.T... Back with the sheriff, Deputy Tolo arrives angry about some maniac that he arrested at Skip's club that bit off his finger. When the cops go outside to investigate, they see that the sicko has escaped from Tolos' cop car. Carlos finds Tolo's ring on the ground, but no finger. As he gives Tolo his ring back, Carlos is bitten on the arm and attacked by sickos. Before they react, Carlos is gruesomely torn apart and eaten by his attackers. Hague and Tolo shoot the sickos, but more show up. Hague and Tolo fight them off as Wray stays inside the station. Tolo is thrown hard against a car, but lives. More police officers, including an attractive female deputy, show up and blast away the sickos. Wray breaks free from his handcuffs after saving Hague's life, and tells him that he's going to the hospital to get Cherry. Hague tells him that they'll take his car. Hague's car explodes, and so the remaining cops get into the back of Wray's truck and head towards the hospital. At the home of Earl McGraw, he feeds his virtually catatonic cancer-stricken wife some soup. He looks away for a second, and when he looks back she's turned into a sicko; she attacks him almost instantly. Back at the hospital, more and more people are coming in with boils and infections. Dr. Felix and Dr. Block are unable to comprehend what's happening. As Dr. Block walks down a hallway, he looks into a room where Joe has turned into a sicko and walks towards him with a surgical saw. Joe cuts Block's glasses, but the saw shuts off when he walks too far away from the outlet, pulling out the plug. Instead, Joe bursts a boil on his face and smears his blood all over Blocks' face, infecting him. Also, Cherry wakes up in a hospital room, and is depressed over her severed leg. Dakota throws herself out of a window, landing in trash outside of the hospital. She goes to her car, but her hands are still numb. She puts her hand through the handle on her car door and kicks the door open, but loses her balance and falls, breaking her left wrist. Dakota gets into the car and puts her keys in with her mouth, then drives off and runs into a lot of cars. As she leaves, Wray and the cops show up. Wray tries to grab a gun, but is stopped by Hague. Instead, Wray grabs a couple of butterfly-knives out of the truck's glove compartment and runs into the hospital as the cops fight the sickos outside. Tolo accidentally shoots a hospital patient wondering around after mistaking him for a sicko. Wray enters the hospital and finds total mayhem has taken over; the infected corpses and injured are chasing and attacking both doctors and patients ripping them apart and eating them. With his two butterfly knives, Wray, like a professional fighter, charges into the carnage, brutally stabbing, slashing, slicing and dicing all the sickos in his path. He eventually makes it to Cherry's room where she's hiding under a sheet playing dead. He tells her to come with him as the hospital is now on fire from the mayhem, but she can't walk. Wray tells her to suck it up, and breaks a leg from a table, shoving it onto Cherry's stump. Cherry awkwardly walks with Wray through the hospital as he protects her from the sickos. They make it to his truck and drive off hoping to make it to J.T.'s place. Meanwhile at Dakota's house, the Crazy Babysitter Twins (Electra Avellan and Elise Avellan) talk on their cell phones with their boyfriends while Dakota's son plays with his pets which include a spider, scorpion, and turtle. Dakota, looking exhausted and dishevelled, comes home, and the babysitter twins get angry at her because her friend didn't show up to take her son on time. Dakota kicks them out of her house and tells her son that they have to leave, but before they do he takes every pet he has with them. While Dakota and her son, Tony, are in their car, the Crazy Babysitter Twins attack them with shovels and smash the windshield. She speeds off, causing one of the twins to land hard on the ground. Dakota drives to Earl McGraw's house, and gives her son a pistol. She tells him that if anyone other than her comes to the car, he must shoot them in the head like in his video games. He asks what if it's dad, and she tells him "especially if it's him." Before she leaves, Dakota tells him to be careful or he'll shoot his own face off. As Dakota walks to the house, she hears a gunshot. She runs to the car to find that her son accidentally shot himself in the head. Her grief is interrupted by Block showing up, having turned into a sicko. He holds her by the hair, but she rips herself away from him, grabs her dead son, and knocks on the front door. Earl, who is revealed to be Dakota's father, lets her in; it is apparent from an axe that he's holding and from blood splattered all over the inside walls, that he has killed his infected wife. Wray and Cherry meet up with Sheriff Hague at J.T.'s restaurant with other survivors from the town where the Sheriff makes them deputies, and they make their way up a hill to J.T.'s. When they get there, they see J.T. lying down on the floor behind the counter, allegedly with his intestines ripped out. Upon further inspection, though, it turns out J.T. was merely unconscious with some barbecued sausages on his stomach, having killed all the sickos by shooting them in the head. Wray tries the sausage, and says that it is the best he's ever had. J.T. tastes the sauce and agrees. His brother, the sheriff, points out that he's bleeding from the temple and it's probably his own blood that's given the sauce the perfect flavour. Afterward, J.T. shows the group some of his escape vehicles. One of which is a chopper motorcycle, while the other is cut and chopped 1950s convertible automobile. Sheriff Hague continues to ask Wray who is really is, but Wray refuses to answer. Cherry and Wray discuss their previous relationship in J.T.'s bedroom. We learn that Cherry left Wray because he couldn't commit. Wray has Cherry look in the pocket of his coat (that she took when she left). She finds an engagement ring. They have sex. What happens after this is unclear to us due to a "missing reel," which causes the film to stop abruptly and melt on screen. The theatre apologizes for the inconvenience. When we do get back to the movie, some 20 minutes of the story have passed. J.T.'s diner is engulfed in flames, besieged by dozens of sickos. A wounded Sheriff Hague is brought inside after he was accidentally shot in the neck by Tolo. More survivors have showed up at J.T.'s place (the babysitter twins, Cherry's boss Skip, Dakota, Earl, and several other people). Also, Wray has evidently told Hague who he really is, with both men hinting at some important dialogue that we would have heard if not for this "missing reel". Hague gives his pistol to Wray, whom he now calls "El Wray". Tolo is against it, but Hague wants Wray to have all the guns. Wray spins his pistols and becomes the leader of the group. Then Tolo is ripped apart and eaten by the sickos who break into the restaurant. The survivors, Wray, J.T., the wounded Hague, and the remaining survivors go outside and see that they're surrounded by the sickos. They unload all their pistols and rifles into them killing several of sickos, but more and more keep on coming. They retreat back inside the burning building and Wray says that someone needs to retrieve his truck so that they can leave. Cherry volunteers and hobbles out as Wray covers her by firing an assault rifle at the dozens of sickos outside. Cherry drives Wray's truck into the restaurant and Hague gets into the driver's seat. The others pile into the back while Skip gets into J.T.'s roofless convertible along with the babysitter twins and Dakota. Cherry rides the motorcycle, and Earl stays behind to provide cover for their escape. After they break through the sickos, the survivors stop at Dakota's car and pull out a minibike, Tony's Pocket Bike, out of the trunk. Dakota rides on the large motorcycle with Cherry as Wray leads the way on the tiny vehicle. They shoot more sickos on the road while Hague runs them over with the truck. J.T.'s dog unfortunately jumps out of the truck and is run over as well. Near the military base, they are blocked by a wall of sicko zombies on a bridge, which are killed by a bunch of soldiers coming up from behind. They are Muldoon and his men. Muldoon knows who Wray is, and has his men knock him out. When Wray wakes up, he finds himself locked up with the other survivors in the military base (Abby is there as well). We find out "El Wray" is actually a war veteran. The soldiers take survivors as prisoners. Abby reveals to Wray and the others that he is the scientist and businessman who has sold the virus, DC2, to the soldiers. They are infected, but can use the gas itself to control the symptoms. Two of the militants (one of them is played by a lecherous Quentin Tarantino) grab Cherry and Dakota. Wray tries to help, but is beaten up. On the elevator ride down, the lecherous soldier stops the elevator and takes off his gas mask. He threatens Cherry with his pistol while his face starts to boil. The other military guy tells him to put his mask back on, and when he does his face becomes normal again. Back in the cell, J.T. rambles on about the barbecue sauce recipe to distract the guard's attention. El Wray, J.T. and a sax playing prisoner (playing the movie's theme song) overpower the guards, but J.T. is shot. El Wray and Abby break out and find Lt. Muldoon who explains what it is actually happening. Lt. Muldoon and his soldiers were in Afghanistan; they'd accidentally found and killed Osama Bin Laden. But as this was against America's interest, so instead of medals they got gassed with DC2, a chemical weapon designed to wipe out entire cities. He figured that the best way to find a cure was to gas a whole town then take the survivors to extract a cure from them. While he talks he has not been wearing his gas mask, so he swells and blisters and finally is shot and killed by El Wray. Meanwhile, the rapist soldier tells Cherry to dance on her wooden leg, and takes off his gas mask. While she dances, Cherry hits him in the head with her wooden leg, splintering it to a sharp point which she then stabs him in the eye with. Furious, he drops his pants, and we see his crotch turn to mush melt away. Cherry is horrified and backs away. Dakota, finally getting some feeling back into her hands, shoots a dart-like needle in his other eye. Abby and El Wray arrive and shoot the rapist and his partner. They all go back to fetch the others. Sheriff Hague and J.T. are both near death from their gunshot wounds, so they are left behind, in control of a bomb. El Wray sticks a specially crafted custom-made M4A1 carbine assault rifle/M203 grenade launcher into Cherry's stump. She uses it to open the door to the command centre, shooting a grenade through the rapist, whose condition has worsened severely. She shoots all the men in the command centre with the rifle. The survivors force their way through the dying soldiers to a couple of helicopters using Cherry's new leg and their own guns. The fatally wounded J.T. and Sheriff Hague volunteer to stay behind and blow up the stash of DC-2 canisters with a remote control detonate that El Wray gives to J.T. After the survivors file out of the building, and engage in a gunfight with the soldiers outside, whom are starting to transform into sickos, J.T. finally tells Hague the secret to his rib recipe (canned tomatoes), then blows up the military base. Storming the helicopters, Abby gets killed and Dakota is attacked by Dr. Block in zombie state. Her father, Earl McGraw, suddenly appears and kills him. During the final battle, Cherry launches herself off the ground with her grenade launcher and blows up a bunch of sickos mid-air. When she lands, she spins around and blasts them away. The survivors make it behind the walls and fight the sickos. One of them shoots a rocket at Cherry, but she dodges it and blows him up. All looks well, and Cherry watches the base burn, but doesn't notice a sicko soldier behind her. Wray and the soldier unload into each other, and Cherry runs to the dying Wray. Everyone gets into the helicopter and Skip flies it, but not before he cuts through a group of sickos with the helicopter's rotary blades. The Crazy Babysitter Twins laugh with glee over the bloodbath and enjoy taking pot-shots themselves at the sickos on the ground, while one gets into the co-pilot seat and turns on the helicopter's windshield wipers to wash the blood splattered on the front windows El Wray tells Cherry to go to the ocean, turn her back to the sea, and fight. Cherry pleads with him, asking him not to forget his promise of "two against the world"; he says that the promise is still good, as he has made her pregnant ("I told you, I never miss"). Wray dies, and Cherry grabs onto a lowered rope from the helicopter as it flies away. Cut to Mexico one year later. Cherry tells us via voice-over that she's found other survivors, and that they took Wray's advice and settled down near the ocean in a remote part of Mexico. On the beach, Skip is enjoying this new lifestyle with the Crazy Babysitter Twins by his side, with several armed survivors, including Dakota, patrolling the area for sickos. A sicko pops out to attack a small child in the crowd of survivors when Cherry blasts him away with her new chain-machine gun attached to her leg. The final shot shows Cherry and her baby daughter, the product from her brief period of sex with El Wray, being happy... two against the world. 
 Poseidon (2006)431) On New Year's Eve, the luxury ocean liner Poseidon capsizes after being swamped by a rogue wave. The survivors are left to fight for their lives as they attempt to escape the sinking ship. It is New Year's Eve, and over 2,000 passengers & crew are ringing in the New Year aboard the huge cruise ship 'Poseidon' when it capsizes on the open sea in the middle of the North Atlantic Ocean! A small group of survivors find themselves unlikely allies in a battle for their lives. Preferring to test the odds alone, career gambler Dylan Johns ignores captain's orders to wait below for possible rescue and sets out to find his own way to safety. What begins as a solo mission soon draws others, as Dylan is followed by a desperate father searching for his daughter and her fiance--a young couple who hours before couldn't summon the courage to tell him they were engaged and now face much graver challenges. Along the way they are joined by a single mother and her wise-beyond-his-years son, an anxious stowaway and a despondent fellow passenger who boarded the ship not sure he wanted to live but now knows he doesn't want to die. Determined to fight their way to the surface, the group sets off through the disorienting maze of twisted steel in the upside-down wreckage. As the unstable vessel rapidly fills with water each must draw on skills and strengths they didn't even know they possessed, fighting against time for their own survival and for each other. Anthony Pereyra (hypersonic91yahoo.com) The stories of several people unfold on a magnificent ship, Poseidon. Heroine Jennifer Ramsey, the 19-year-old daughter of a patronizing former New York mayor, and her fianc Christian are finding it difficult to tell her father that they're engaged. A single mother and her son Conor run in (literally) to Dylan Johns, a professional gambler and hit it off right away. Elena has agreed to be a steward's entertainment for the cruise if he takes her to New York to see her injured brother. Architect Richard Nelson is drinking himself into a stupor after his boyfriend ditched him. When a rogue wave hits and the ship overturns, the captain tells the surviving passengers that the ballroom is an air bubble and that they will be safe until help arrives. Dylan isn't so sure and sets off to look for an avenue of escape. Conor asks Dylan to take he and his mother. Richard knows that the boat cannot stay afloat upside down. Ramsey insists on going with to find his daughter in the nightclub. The five people take the steward Marco to help them find their way to the bottom/top. In the nightclub, most are dead after being electrocuted by the numerous lights. Survivors are Jennifer, Elena, Lucky Larry and Christian, who is caught under a light. The two groups of adventurers converge and have to fight fire, electricity, tight spaces, elevator shafts and most of all, water. christiefan1 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the northern Atlantic Ocean, the ocean liner Poseidon, named for the Greek god of water, is sailing through the ocean. On one of its thirteen decks, we see Dylan Johns (Josh Lucas) running for an evening workout, stopping when he reaches the top to enjoy the last sunset of 2005. Meanwhile, in one of the 800 cabins, Jen Ramsey (Emmy Rossum) is canoodling with her boyfriend/fiance Christian (Mike Vogel) when they are interrupted by Jen's father, former firefighter/mayor of New York Robert Ramsey (Kurt Russell). Christian immediately starts sucking up to the older man, who tells Christian, "Stop calling me sir....it makes me feel old." He also implies that the kids are having sex, which Jen flatly denies before stomping off to her room of the large suite. Down below in the kitchen, an attractive Spanish girl named Elena (Mia Maestro), is hunting for her friend Marco Valentin. She finds Marco (Freddy Rodriguez), a waiter on the ship, and we quickly learn that he is smuggling her across from Europe so she can be with her sick brother in New York. He gives her some food from a nearby plate, but he tells her that she has to stay in the cabin. Elsewhere, gay architect Richard Nelson (Richard Dreyfus) calling his boyfriend, but he only gets the answering machine, and we can tell that his lover recently broke up with him. That night, Captain Michael Bradford (Andre Braugher) welcomes everyone to his ship. He tells them a little about its namesake and then introduces musical act Gloria (Stacy Ferguson). While she performs we go up a few decks, Dylan and Ramsey are playing a game of Texas Holdem with two others, generic guy five and Lucky Larry (Kevin Dillon). Jen and Christian come up to say hello to Ramsey before heading over to the nightclub as he's nearing a fifty thousand dollar betting mark with Dylan (Larry and guy five folded). Ramsey asks Jen to button up her dress to cover her breasts, and as she does says loudly for all about his hand, a pair of fives . Ramsey looks up at Dylan, who is grinning evilly and saying, "All in." Over at another table, we see Nelson telling some of his friends the story of his breakup and his ex's quick turnaround while he orders a five thousand dollar bottle of wine for the table just before excusing himself to get some air. Meanwhile, we see Dylan walking away with his winnings when he bumps into a kid playing with his PSP. The kid is Connor James (Jimmy Bennet) and he takes an immediate liking to Dylan, as does his mom Maggie (Jacinda Barret) who quickly comes up looking for him. Meanwhile, we see Jen and Chris in the nightclub partying like crazy as Elena picks her way through the crowed lower decks. On the bridge the officer of the watch gets a feeling that "Something's off," when the instruments suddenly detect a HUGE 150-foot tall, tidal wave coming towards the ship (Nelson, who was about to jump overboard, also sees this and it ironically makes him rethink the suicide). The officer orders a hard to starboard in order to meet the wave head on, but it is too late. The wave hits the starboard side of the ship, sweeping dozens of people overboard (some of whom were in the on-deck pool), crushing others, flash-frying some, electrifying a few, and in general causing all sorts of hellish chaos. The Poseidon completely turns over, upside down and within seconds, all power on the ship goes off and the lights fail, plunging the capsized ship into darkness. In the large dining room, after the general chaos has subsided, Captain Bradford calls for order and assures the people that as soon as the rogue wave hit the ship, a signal went off and rescue teams are on the way. As he's talking, Maggie notices Connor stuck on a piano on the ceiling (it was bolted down). Ramsey comes over and with the help of a few others creates a slide out of a curtain for Connor to fall into. In the nightclub Jen in Ok but one of the spotlight girders has fallen on Christian, trapping his leg. Jen tries to get it off but is unable to. Looking around, she spots Elena and gets her to help, and the two girls try again. Ramsey asks the captain to let him go search for Jen but the Captain wants everyone to stay put. Connor notices Dylan taking off, he explains that they can get out through the propeller area. Nelson, Ramsey, Maggie, Connor, decide to join Dylan and they grab Marco to be their guide. As they leave, we see hatches seal behind them as the captain mutters, "God be with them." On the other side, in the galley, the group picks their way through a messed up area, eventually coming to a service elevator that should lead them to safety. To cross the shaft, they grab a flimsy metal shelf and use it as a bridge. Dylan tries to get the doors on the other side open, but they won't budge. He notices the doors on the next level "up" are open, so Nelson volunteers as a stirrup to get him up there. Just as Dylan finishes getting the upper doors open, an elevator cab "above" them starts lurching "down" and it becomes a race to get everyone through. Finally it's down to Nelson and Marco. The makeshift bridg falls, and Marco grabs onto Nelson's leg. Realizing they can't save both, Dylan orders Nelson to kick Marco off, and Marco falls all the way to the bottom of the shaft before being crushed by the elevator which also falls to the bottom as well. The group recovers and heads on. Back in the nightclub, Elena and Jen are still struggling when they are approached by Lucky Larry. He repositions the rod they're using for leverage and they are able to get the girder off of Christian just as the other group arrives. Ramsey and Jen reunite, and everybody is introduced (except for a very drunk Larry). They escape via a hot door that seems to have a fire behind it. Dylan and Ramsey open the door, Dylan reveals he used to be in the Navy, and they end up in the main concourse of the ship. They use a fallen escalator as a bridge to climb to the other side. Most of the group gets across, but when it's Lucky Larry's turn, he decides to do it without help. Just as he's in the middle, an auxiliary diesel unit comes through the ceiling(floor), killing Larry, destroying the bridge and causing a literal waterfall of burning oil. Ramsey says to find another way across, but Dylan grabs a nearby fire hose, dives into the water, swims across, and climbs up to where the others are, making a kind of bungee bridge. Ramsey still wants to find another way, but Jen is insistent on this way and shows him the ring finally. He settles, but then she ducks out and comes back with a little hook for him to hang onto. They slide across together with her piggybacking on him while he holds onto the hook, and the group heads off once more. Back in the concert area, we see people milling around when suddenly the captain notices the glass cracking. He gets about five seconds to digest this when suddenly all the windows burst open and water comes pouring in, drowning everybody. Meanwhile, Elena, Ramsey, Nelson, Jen, Christian, Dylan, Maggie, and Connor have found a shaft that they think might lead "down" to the next level. Ramsey checks it out and says it's good, and eventually they all get in there, despite Elena's claustrophobia. While they're climbing, Ramsey congratulates Christian just as they reach the locked exit from the shaft. Ramsey tries to get his fingers around to unscrew it, but he can't so he calls up Connor to unscrew. As Connor is climbing, Nelson suddenly slips on a part of the vent that had buckled. Elena freaks out, especially since the water is rising, but Dylan manages to convince her to push Nelson out. She does so just as Connor gets the last screw out. They narrowly escape the vent, although Dylan is nearly drowned. They end up in some kind of ballast chamber, and Dylan realizes the only way out of it is to flood the chamber so the vent on one side of the room opens. They let the water in and after a while, the vent opens and they swim for some stairs. On the way though, Elena gets caught on something and manages to cut herself pretty badly. Ramsey manages to get her out of the water and tries CPR but she is drowned. The group leaves Elena's dead body behind, and moves on. The ship is slowly sinking and water levels keep rising. Back with our remaining heroes, we see that the area they need to go get out is currently under more water than they could swim through. Discouraged, they regroup and try to think of another way out when suddenly the ship starts going vertical. They realize that this means the previous way that was blocked might now be clear, and they head that way when Maggie notices that Connor is missing. She and Dylan search for him while the others secure an exit. They find him trapped behind a screen in an area that is rapidly filling with water. Dylan dives under and tries to get him out. After a couple of attempts he frees the boy and the trio rapidly make for the other four, who have made it into the engine room. Nelson sees the door to the bow thrusters and opens it, only to get blown back by the hurricane-force winds the still-active propellor is generating. While Jen looks after him, Christian suggests throwing something in there to block the propellers and get them to stop, but Ramsey points out they'd need to either stop them manually or get them turning the other way, which makes the two argue about who should make the hundred and fifty foot swim to the underwater control room. Christian says that he has better lung capacity so he should do it, and Ramsey reluctantly agrees. Christian moves to say a teary goodbye to Jen, and while he's busy with that, Ramsey dives in and swims off. The other three arrive and are told what Ramsey is doing as we see Ramsey get in the control room. He finds the engine stop button, but it's broken. He starts running out of air, and with his last breath manages to find the button to make the propellers turn the other way. Back in the propeller room, everyone notices that the blades are now turning the other way. Dylan tries to throw a compressed gas tank into the blades to get them to stop, but the tank gets caught crosswise in the narrow door frame. The water threatens to burst into the little room they are in and Dylan finally manages to push the tank into the thruster shaft. There's a huge explosion that blows out that pair of thrusters. The six survivors pick their way through the tube, stopping at a long drop to the water. Dylan says they have to jump, and soon everybody is in the water and swimming for a nearby liferaft. They get in just as the ship goes under, and Jen screams at them to row like crazy so they don't get drowned in the backwash. They manage to escape it. Dylan fires off a flare gun to let any rescue teams know where they are. After a wait, a pair of helicopters arrive and hover over the raft. 