nm0004605:

 Spider-Man (2002)541) When bitten by a genetically modified spider, a nerdy, shy, and awkward high school student gains spider-like abilities that he eventually must use to fight evil as a superhero after tragedy befalls his family. Based on Marvel Comics' superhero character, this is a story of Peter Parker who is a nerdy high-schooler. He was orphaned as a child, bullied by jocks, and can't confess his crush for his stunning neighborhood girl Mary Jane Watson. To say his life is "miserable" is an understatement. But one day while on an excursion to a laboratory a runaway radioactive spider bites him... and his life changes in a way no one could have imagined. Peter acquires a muscle-bound physique, clear vision, ability to cling to surfaces and crawl over walls, shooting webs from his wrist ... but the fun isn't going to last. An eccentric millionaire Norman Osborn administers a performance enhancing drug on himself and his maniacal alter ego Green Goblin emerges. Now Peter Parker has to become Spider-Man and take Green Goblin to the task... or else Goblin will kill him. They come face to face and the war begins in which only one of them will survive at the end. Soumitra On a school field trip, Peter Parker (Maguire) is bitten by a genetically modified spider. He wakes up the next morning with incredible powers. After witnessing the death of his uncle (Robertson), Parkers decides to put his new skills to use in order to rid the city of evil, but someone else has other plans. The Green Goblin (Dafoe) sees Spider-Man as a threat and must dispose of him. Even if it means the Goblin has to target Parker's Aunt (Harris) and the girl he secretly pines for (Dunst) Film_Fan Always picked on at school, and repeatedly ignored by Mary Jane Watson, the beautiful red-head next door he adores, the insecure, brainy orphan, Peter Parker, can barely stand up for himself. Then, one day, while on a school field trip at a Columbia University laboratory, a genetically enhanced spider bites Peter, and an extraordinary transformation starts to take place. Now, with his body undergoing drastic changes, Peter gains distinct arachnid powers and phenomenal newfound super-abilities, only to quickly realise that with great power comes great responsibility. And, before long, the unhinged Green Goblin, an unnaturally strong super-villain, enters the picture, more than willing to put Peter's moral mettle to the test. But, is Peter's unexpected mutation a blessing or a curse? Will Peter Parker dedicate himself to fighting crime as New York City's masked protector? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Peter Parker (Tobey Maguire) is a nerdy high school senior in New York City. His parents are dead and he lives with his Uncle Ben (Cliff Robertson) and Aunt May (Rosemary Harris). He has a crush on his next door neighbor, Mary Jane Watson (Kirsten Dunst), who is also one of the few classmates who is nice to him. Her boyfriend, Flash (Joe Manganiello) and his buddies pick on him. Peter's only friend is Harry Osborn (James Franco), who, though rich and good-looking, is similarly an outcast. Harry, however, is somewhat jealous of the affection his father, Norman (Willem Dafoe) shows Peter. Norman, the head of weapons contractor Oscorp, appreciates Peter's scientific aptitude and can barely conceal his desire that Peter was his own son. Peter's science class takes a field trip to a genetics laboratory at Columbia University. The lab works on spiders and has even managed to create new species of spiders through genetic manipulation and combination. While Peter is taking photographs of Mary Jane for the school newspaper, one of these new spiders lands on his hand and bites him. Peter comes home feeling ill and immediately goes to bed. At the genetic level, the venom injected by the spider bite begins to work strange magic on Peter. Meanwhile, General Slocum (Stanley Anderson) visits Oscorp to see the results of their new super soldier formula. When one of Norman's top scientists, Dr. Stromm (Ron Perkins) warns him the formula is unstable, General Slocum threatens to pull all of the military's funding from Oscorp. Later that night, Norman exposes himself to the formula. He gains superhuman strength and agility but is driven insane. He kills Stromm and steals two other Oscorp inventions, an exoskeleton and jet glider. Peter wakes up the next morning feeling better than ever. He also learns his scrawny physique now ripples with muscles and his eyesight is perfect. At school that day, he learns he can shoot webs out of spinnerettes in his wrists. He demonstrates his own new agility by catching Mary Jane and her food tray when she slips at lunch and then beating an enraged Flash in a fistfight. That night, he and Mary Jane casually flirt across the fence separating their backyards, although Flash breaks this up when he arrives with his new car. Peter believes he needs a car to impress Mary Jane but knows neither he nor the cash-strapped and retired Ben and May would be able to afford one. One night he spies an advertisement in the paper. A local professional wrestling league will pay $3000 to anyone who can survive three minutes in the ring with their champion, Bone Saw (Randy "Macho Man " Savage). Peter designs a suit and heads out to the arena, telling Ben and May he is going to the library. Ben and May are worried about the changes in Peter's personality and Ben insists on driving him to the library. He tries to explain his and May's concerns. He encourages Peter not to get into any more fights; he might have the power to beat the Flash Thompsons of the world, but "with great power comes great responsibility" -- the responsibility to know when and how best to use that power. Peter reacts badly. He tells Ben he is not Peter's father and should not act like he is. Peter not only survives the wrestling match, he defeats Bone Saw in two minutes. But the promoter pays Peter only $100. Angry at being gypped, Peter stands aside as an armed robber (Michael Papajohn) holds up the promoter. However, when he gets out to the street, he discovers the robber fatally wounded Ben and stole his car. In anguish, Peter chases down the robber and beats him. The robber falls out of a window where his body is recovered by the police. That same night, a menacing figure wearing the stolen Oscorp exoskeleton and riding the jet glider attacks a weapons test at Quest Aerospace, Oscorp's chief competitor. Their prototype is destroyed and General Slocum is killed. Peter is inspired by Ben's admonition to use his spider powers for the greater good. He designs a new costume and swings around New York, foiling petty robberies and muggings as the Amazing Spider-man, a name he borrows from the announcer at the wrestling match. This does not endear him to J. Jonah Jameson (J.K. Simmons), the editor and publisher of the Daily Bugle, New York's leading muckracking tabloid. However, when he learns Spider-man sells newspapers, he puts out a call to photographers for better photos for his front page. Peter, Harry and Mary Jane graduate from high school and move to Manhattan. Peter and Harry get a loft together and attend classes at Empire State. Mary Jane works as a waitress and struggles to get acting auditions. She and Harry also begin seeing one another. Harry apologizes to Peter but points out Peter was always too shy to make a move himself. Peter struggles to hold down a job. Norman offers to help him find one but respects Peter's desire to make his own way in the world. Peter sees Jameson's advertisement for good photos of Spider-man and, webbing his camera in convenient places, gets excellent photos of his own heroic actions. Although Jameson doesn't pay well, he agrees to buy more of Peter's photos. Norman is also happy; Quest has to reorganize after the debacle that killed Slocum, Oscorp has more government contracts and the company's stock is soaring. He is crestfallen to learn the Board of Directors has chosen this moment to accept a buyout offer from Quest. His insanity manifests itself in a split personality: the driven yet confused Norman, and the murderous, scheming villain who will soon become known as the Green Goblin. As the Goblin, he attacks Oscorp's annual Unity Day street fair and kills the Board of Directors. His attack also endangers Mary Jane. Spider-Man fights off the Goblin and rescues Mary Jane when she nearly falls to her death. Mary Jane finds herself falling in love with Spider-Man, a feeling only reinforced when he saves her from some rapists a few days later during a rainy night. This time, she thanks him with a deep kiss. She doesn't know he is really Peter. The Goblin decides he and Spider-Man should be partners. He attacks the Bugle office to lure Spider-Man into a trap, using knock-out gas to subdue him, and then gives Spider-Man a few days to think over his offer of partnership. He warns Spider-Man the city will eventually turn against him, and that they should rule it together. A few days later, on Thanksgiving, Goblin stages a fire in an apartment building to get an answer from Spider-Man. Spider-Man refuses to join with Goblin, and the two fight. Spider-Man receives a bad cut on his arm. As Norman and Peter, the Goblin and Spider-Man are due at the loft for Thanksgiving dinner. They each race back separately. When Peter arrives to dinner with fresh blood from the cut on his sleeve, Norman realizes Peter is Spider-Man and hastily leaves. On the way out, he insults Mary Jane and she leaves, hurt that Harry didn't defend her. That night, Goblin attacks Aunt May at home, sending her to the hospital. While visiting her, Mary Jane reveals her crush on Spider-man to Peter but they wind up having an intimate moment themselves. Harry sees this and knows his relationship with Mary Jane is over. Goblin decides to strike at Spider-man through Mary Jane. He kidnaps her, then sabotages a trolley car along the Roosevelt Bridge. When Spider-Man arrives, Goblin gives him the choice of saving Mary Jane or the trolley car, then drops them both from the bridge. Spider-Man manages to save both, with an assist from a passing barge and pedestrians on the bridge who pelt Goblin with debris and delay him from his attempts to kill Spider-man. Goblin instead grabs Spider-Man and throws him into an abandoned building. The two fight, and the Goblin overpowers Spider-Man, even throwing a pumpkin bomb directly at Spider-Man's face, heavily damaging Spider-Man's mask and wounding him. As the Goblin holds back Spider-Man and is about to kill him with dual blades, he makes the mistake of threatening Mary Jane. Enraged at this, Spider-Man beats Goblin senseless, overpowering him, but stops when the Goblin unmasks to reveal himself to be Norman. Peter is shocked that Norman is the Goblin. Norman then tries to reason to Peter that all of the actions that had occurred were from the influence of the Goblin's persona upon him. As Norman talks to Peter, asking for forgiveness, Goblin's jet glider appears behind Spider-Man, and the Goblin persona takes over Norman. Goblin tries to use his jet glider to kill Spider-Man, but he leaps out of the way just in time; Norman is impaled and killed. As he dies, Norman asks Peter not to tell Harry about the Green Goblin. Spider-Man takes Norman's body back to his penthouse apartment. Harry sees them and blames Spider-Man for Norman's death. At the funeral, he vows revenge and thanks Peter for being such a great friend. Peter goes to visit Uncle Ben's grave. Mary Jane finds him there and confesses her love for him. She kisses him tenderly, passionately. Peter wants to tell her the truth but can't. Instead, he tells her he can never be more than her friend. Mary Jane has an inkling that she might have kissed him before but Peter walks away, knowing both his blessing and his curse in life: "Who am I? I'm Spider-Man." 
 My Boss's Daughter (2003)431) After a man is asked to house sit for his boss, he becomes determined to get closer to the boss's daughter, but events keep unfolding that stop him from achieving his goal. When a young man agrees to housesit for his boss, he thinks it'll be the perfect opportunity to get close to the woman he desperately has a crush on - his boss's daughter. But he doesn't plan on the long line of other houseguests that try to keep him from his mission. And he also has to deal with the daughter's older brother, who's on the run from local drug dealers. Anonymous Tom works as a researcher at a publishing company. He wants to move to the creative department but his demanding and intimidating boss, Jack Taylor makes him lose his nerve after just spending five minutes with him. He is also attracted to his daughter, Lisa, whom her father also controls. When she tells Tom that her father is making her housesit on the night of a party she wants to attend, he tells her that she should stand up for herself. She says that she will and he asks him to come to their house. He thinks that she likes him but in reality she wants him to fill in for her. He reluctantly agrees. But when Taylor's black sheep son, Red and Taylor's secretary whom he just fired show up at the house things start to unravel. Eventually some other people show up and Lisa who came home, sees how Ted feels about her but doubts his sincerity. And Tom is scrambling to make things right. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie is a romantic comedy about a young man, Tom Stansfield played by Ashton Kutcher, who is asked to housesit his boss's mansion and take care of his owl while the boss is out of town for one night. Tom thinks this is a perfect opportunity for him to get close to Lisa Taylor the boss's daughter played by Tara Reid. During that one long night, Tom must deal with Lisa's older brother played by Andy Richter who has some dealings with the local drug dealer. There is also a long line of other unexpected houseguests who take over and mess up the house. With all these crazy people in the house, Tom thinks he will lose his job and the girl when the boss comes home. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Spider-Man 2 (2004)541) Peter Parker is beset with troubles in his failing personal life as he battles a brilliant scientist named Doctor Otto Octavius. Peter Parker is an unhappy man: after two years of fighting crime as Spider-Man, his life has begun to fall apart. The girl he loves is engaged to someone else, his grades are slipping, he cannot keep any of his jobs, and on top of it, the newspaper Daily Bugle is attacking him viciously, claiming that Spider-Man is a criminal. He reaches the breaking point and gives up the crime fighter's life, once and for all. But after a failed fusion experiment, eccentric and obsessive scientist Dr. Otto Octavius is transformed into super villain Doctor Octopus, Doc Ock for short, having four long tentacles as extra hands. Peter guesses it might just be time for Spider-Man to return, but would he act upon it? Soumitra It's been two years since Peter Parker transformed into Spider-Man, and he is still trying to balance life perfectly. His love for Mary Jane is becoming much stronger, as he finds it hard to not let her down. His friendship with Harry Osborn is at risk, as the young Harry is frustrated with Spider-Man getting away with his father's death. And if this wasn't enough for the super hero, a new enemy is in town. Dr. Otto Octavius is involved in a freak scientific accident and becomes the dangerous Doctor Octopus. Film_Fan On the verge of a nervous breakdown, Peter Parker, now studying physics at the University of Columbia, learns the hard way that life has just got tougher. It's been only two short years since Norman Osborn's death in Spider-Man (2002) , and now, Mary Jane is giving up on Peter, he has lost his job, Aunt May faces imminent foreclosure, and he is missing classes. As Parker is trying to find his feet, still uncertain of whether he wants to be a crime-fighter or not, a freak accident in the name of science gives birth to a new super-villain: the obsessed, multi-tentacled mad scientist, Doc Ock. This time, when the world most needs him, Peter must choose between remaining faithful to his calling, or staying away from Mary Jane, the girl of his dreams. Will Peter Parker embrace his destiny as Spider-Man, New York City's defender? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Peter Parker is finding his double life increasingly difficult. Precariously struggling to balance his crime-fighting duties as Spider-Man with the demands of his normal life, Peter often finds his personal life taking a back seat. He loses a job delivering pizzas in Manhattan, faces financial difficulties, and struggles to maintain his physics studies at Columbia University. Moreover, he has become estranged from both love interest Mary Jane, who to Peter's disappointment is in a relationship, and best friend Harry Osborn who falsely accuses Spider-Man of murdering his father, and his Aunt May is threatened with foreclosure. Harry, now head of Oscorp's research division, has invested in the research of brilliant scientist Otto Octavius, Peter's idol. To perform a sustained fusion experiment, Octavius has developed a set of artificially intelligent mechanical arms, which are impervious to heat and magnetism. Though the experiment overloads and becomes unstable, Dr. Octavius refuses to halt it, with devastating results: his wife is killed; the neural inhibitor chip which prevented the advanced AI of the arms from influencing Octavius's own mind is destroyed and the arms become fused to his spine. Unconscious, he is taken to a hospital to have the appendages removed, but the tentacles develop their own ability to move at will and brutally kill the surgeons, and Octavius escapes. Uncontrolled, the tentacles begin to corrupt Octavius' mind, playing on his vanity and ego, and he decides he must complete his experiment at any cost. J. Jonah Jameson names him "Doctor Octopus" or "Doc Ock". In an effort to finance his experiments, Doc Ock attempts to rob a bank where Peter Parker and his Aunt May happen to be present. After a short glitch in his powers, Spider-Man manages to recover and soon the two take their fight outside the bank where Doc Ock takes Aunt May as a hostage. When Spider-Man rescues her, she revises her former opinion of him and realizes that he is a hero. Octavius escapes unharmed. During a party, Peter learns that M.J. is planning to marry J. Jonah Jameson's son, John Jameson, an astronaut. He also gets into a physical altercation with Harry, who is drunk because Octavius' failed experiment left Oscorp bankrupt; shortly after, Peter loses his powers while web-slinging across town; he is unable to spin webs, his ability to adhere to smooth surfaces fails and his spider sense is greatly diminished. Meanwhile, Octavius rebuilds his experimental reactor. Peter questions if he could ever have what he "needs", a life as Peter Parker, which involves a vision of Uncle Ben, and resolves to give up being Spider-Man, to which J. Jonah Jameson is delighted, having been given the abandoned Spider-Man suit. Back home, after visiting Uncle Ben's grave, Aunt May is distressed by Peter's confession that he was somewhat responsible for his Uncle Ben's death. Aunt May and Peter reconcile, and she tells Peter of the hope that Spider-Man brings to others, in spite of what dreams he may have to sacrifice. Peter attempts to re-connect with Mary Jane, but she informs him it is too late. In the meantime, Doc Ock has completed rebuilding his reactor, and needs one final item: tritium, a rare metal which fuels the reactor. He goes to Harry Osborn for it, dangling him over the edge of the Osborn mansion balcony when he refuses. Harry agrees to give Ock what he needs in exchange for capturing Spider-Man. Mary Jane meets Peter in a coffee shop to ask if he still loves her, but Peter tells her that he does not. Doc Ock, having been advised by Harry that Peter was the key to finding Spider-Man, destroys the coffee shop. Peter regains his spider-sense at the right moment to throw Mary Jane and himself out of the way of a thrown taxi, but Doc Ock abducts Mary Jane in a plot to lure Spider-Man into a trap. Peter's powers fully return, and he dons his costume (stealing it back from an infuriated Jameson) and engages Doc Ock in a battle, which starts off at the top of a bell tower and then on top of a train. During the battle, Octavius disables the brakes to the train, forcing Spider-Man to rescue the runaway train. Spider-Man manages to stop the train before it can plunge over the end of the track, but at great physical exertion. He nearly falls, but the people in the train catch him and see him without his mask on. They agree to keep his identity a secret and try to protect him from Doc Ock, but his mechanical arms are too much for them. Weak from his exertions Spider-Man becomes dizzy and faints and he is captured by Doctor Octopus and delivered to Harry Osborn. Harry unmasks Spider-Man and is shocked to discover that his sworn enemy is his best friend. Spider-Man awakens and convinces Harry to reveal Octavius' whereabouts so he can rescue Mary Jane, learning that Octavius is rebuilding his machine and threatening the world. Spider-Man finds Doctor Octavius in an abandoned warehouse on a waterfront pier, where he's restarted his fusion experiment. After battling with Doc Ock, Spider-Man manages to stun the villain with an electric shock. Peter then reveals his true identity to Octavius and pleads with him to stop the machine. Returned to his senses by the shock and determined to end his doomsday experiment before it causes more harm, Octavius uses his mechanical arms to collapse the floor of the building, successfully drowning the device at the cost of his own life. Mary Jane sees Peter without his mask on, but Peter tells her they can never be together, as he will always have enemies. Across town, Harry has visions of his father, the late Norman Osborn, in a hanging mirror. The illusion demands that his son kill Peter Parker to avenge his death. Harry refuses and hurls a dagger at the mirror, shattering it and revealing a secret room containing the Green Goblin's combat gear and the serum that gave him his super strength. At the end of the film, Mary Jane leaves her wedding and finds Peter in his apartment, telling him that she has decided to be with him despite the risks. She persuades Peter to finally let her in while accepting the need of his vows by letting him respond to a sudden call for help. She looks on in uncertainty as Spider-Man swings away. 
 Spider-Man 3 (2007)761) A strange black entity from another world bonds with Peter Parker and causes inner turmoil as he contends with new villains, temptations, and revenge. Peter Parker has finally managed to piece together the once-broken parts of his life, maintaining a balance between his relationship with Mary-Jane and his responsibility as Spider-Man. But more challenges arise for our young hero. Peter's old friend Harry Obsourne has set out for revenge against Peter; taking up the mantle of his late father's persona as The New Goblin, and Peter must also capture Uncle Ben's real killer, Flint Marko, who has been transformed into his toughest foe yet, the Sandman. All hope seems lost when suddenly Peter's suit turns jet-black and greatly amplifies his powers. But it also begins to greatly amplify the much darker qualities of Peter's personality that he begins to lose himself to. Peter has to reach deep inside himself to free the compassionate hero he used to be if he is to ever conquer the darkness within and face not only his greatest enemies, but also...himself. Dark-Spidey Peter Parker is finally happy: he is doing well at the school, his girlfriend MJ Watson loves him and the whole city loves his crime-fighting alter-ego Spider-Man, finally bestowing upon him the praise he so rightly deserves. Apart from this, he has made some new foes and rivals . His former friend-turned-foe Harry Osborn has become the New Goblin and wants to avenge his father by killing Spider-Man. On one night, an alien symbiote from outer space crash lands in Peter's vicinity and attaches itself to his Spider suit, turning it black in colour and enhancing its powers. Flint Marko, a fugitive, is turned into The Sandman when he gets subjected to a molecular lab experiment. Incidentally, Marko is the person who is revealed to have killed Peter's uncle Ben and now Peter wants revenge. Peter's job as a freelance photographer with The Daily Bugle is taken by Eddie Brock. Peter also learns that apart from enhancing his powers the black symbiote has also brought out the dark side within him which causes him to ruthlessly manages to throw Eddie out of his job. When MJ breaks up with him, he starts dating his fellow student Gwen Stacy who was Edie's ex, to make them both jealous. Soon Peter must decide whether he should let his dark side to dominate his personality or not. Soumitra Life finally feels good for Peter Parker. He has managed to balance life as both Spider-Man and as Mary Jane's boyfriend. He is even planning on proposing to MJ. But life isn't always going to be easy for the webbed hero. Harry Osborn still hasn't forgiven Peter for the death of his father. He has developed the perfect technology and crowns himself the 'New Goblin'. Harry isn't the only problem. It is revealed that an escaped convict, Flint Marko is the real killer of Peter's uncle. After an accident, he is now the invincible 'Sandman', who has teamed up with Venom to target the superhero, who is struggling to handle his life. Film_Fan It's been five years since the life-altering incident in Spider-Man (2002) , and only a few months since Dr Otto Octavius' Utopian dream in Spider-Man 2 (2004) , and now, things are looking up for Peter Parker and Mary Jane for a change. However, with Peter's former best friend, Harry Osborn, still holding a grudge, the Sandman, a powerful, shape-shifting mega-criminal who has strong ties to Parker's painful past, enters the picture, bent on terrorising the city. And, as if that weren't enough, a resurrected Green Goblin thirsts for revenge and a mysterious, parasitic black goo affixes itself to Peter's red-and-blue spider-suit, affecting his personality. Can the amazing Spider-Man survive the poison within? Nick Riganas A year has passed since Spider-Man has saved New York from a fatal catastrophe and Otto Octavius has sacrificed his life to stop his nuclear experiment from destroying the city. Peter's life has been going great for him, he has finally entered a relationship with Mary Jane and he has been doing great in school. Most of all, Peter is finally being appreciated in his role as Spider-Man. Peter plans on asking Mary Jane to marry him. However, Peter's friendship with Harry has suffered due to what happened to Norman Osborn. Harry tries to get revenge on Peter for killing his father, but the fight ends badly when Harry gets amnesia and he doesn't remember his hatred towards Spider-Man. Peter's happiness becomes short-lived when a rival photographer tries to steal his spot on the Daily Bugle and a strange black substance starts bonding with Peter, his Spider-Man costume becomes pitch black, bringing out a very dark and vengeful side of his personality. Peter must choose to go back to his heroic ways or let the black suit consume him. At the same time, Spider-Man has to stop Flint Marko aka Sandman after breaking out of prison and for accidentally killing Peter's Uncle Ben four years ago. dawsonpersi Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Months after the events of Spider-Man 2, Peter Parker (Tobey Maguire) attends the opening night of Mary-Jane Watson's (Kirsten Dunst) new Broadway show, Manhattan Memories. Also attending is Harry Osborn (James Franco) who recently found out about Peter's secret identity and has accused him of murdering his father, Norman Osborn (Willem Dafoe), who was also the menacing villain, the Green Goblin. As Peter leaves the show, he sees Harry, and runs up to him. He asks Harry to hear his side of the story, but Harry rejects him and leaves. Once home, Harry is seen stepping out of a gas chamber, his muscles considerably larger and with a look of confidence on his face. Peter goes backstage and catches up with MJ, before the two go to a park. Peter spins them a hammock with his spider powers, and the two lay in it, stargazing. As the couple leans in for a kiss, behind them a meteor falls nearby. Unknown to them, a strange, black substance crawls out of the meteor, attaching itself to Peter's moped as he and MJ leave. Meanwhile, Flint Marko (Thomas Haden Church), an escaped convict, climbs through his sick daughter's bedroom window and watches her sleep with machines attached to help her breathe. After a few minutes, he goes into the kitchen to find some food, but is caught by his wife, Emma. He tries to tell her that he was wrongly accused for the apparent murder of a man, but Emma isn't convinced and his daughter opens her bedroom door; she hands Marko a small locket with her picture in it, and Marko promises that he will find the money to make her better again, somehow, but Emma demands he leave. Peter arrives at his Aunt May's (Rosemary Harris) apartment and tells her that he is planning to propose to MJ. May tells him that he needs to put her before himself, and he convinces himself that he can do it. May then tells him the story of how Peter's Uncle Ben (Cliff Robertson) proposed to her. When she is finished, she tells Peter to make the proposal very special to Mary Jane, and hands him her wedding ring as a gift for MJ. Driving back to his apartment, Peter is whisked off his moped by a masked figure on some sort of hover board. The masked figure throws Peter into a wall, and then reveals himself as Harry, or the New Goblin. Peter and Harry fight through the streets of New York until Peter is able to topple Harry off his hover board, knocking him unconscious. Peter takes him to a hospital and watches as they try and revive Harry. At the same time, Flint Marko is running from the cops through the marshlands (fenced test facility). He climbs a security fence, and then falls into a concrete pit, landing on a pile of sand at the bottom. The pit is revealed to be a particle accelerator, and Flint is caught inside it as research tests are begun. When the police finally reach the accelerator, Marko is nowhere to be seen amongst the sand - he appears to have deteriorated into the sand. Peter is told that Harry will be okay, and is led into the ward where Harry lies. Harry has lost his memory, and so he and Peter begin to get along just like the old days. Mary Jane arrives and then she and Peter are asked to leave; Harry tells the nurse that he would give his life for his two best friends. The pile of sand in the particle accelerator stirs later that morning, and a humanoid shape rises out of the sand. It is Flint Marko, transformed into the Sandman. He sees a small glitter in the sand, and realises that it is the locket that Penny gave him. He picks it up and attempts to stand, willed by his love for his daughter. He regains his human appearance, and starts learning how to walk again. Back at Peter's apartment, Peter is admiring the ring he is planning to give to MJ when she knocks on his door. He lets her in and she enters, flustered. She reads out a rather negative review of her performance in the play from the previous night; Peter uses his experiences as Spider-Man to try and comfort her, but MJ gets even more upset. Just when she thinks Peter is about to understand, Peter's illegal police band monitor goes off and reports about an out-of-control crane in midtown. Peter gives MJ a sympathetic look and then changes into his costume, swinging off through the city. MJ pauses as she leaves, startled by a small bang, but dismisses it almost instantly. What she doesn't see is the meteoric black substance crawling down the back of Peter's desk and into the shadows of the closet. In midtown, across the road from and completely unaware of the out-of-control crane, Peter's lab partner in science, Gwen Stacy (Bryce Dallas Howard), is having a photoshoot in an office building. A giant steel girder slams through the windows behind her, and then drops down another floor and smashes out the floor supports below. The corner of the building drops, and Gwen slides down to the edge of the building and hangs on with all her might. Just as she falls, Spider-Man swings in and catches her, and sets her down. Spider-Man is approached by Eddie Brock (Topher Grace), Gwen's alleged boyfriend, who tells Spidey that he is the new photographer of Spider-Man. Spider-Man swings off, annoyed with this new photographer, and then goes to the Daily Bugle to deliver the editor some photos of the crane accident. When he arrives, it turns out that Brock has gotten there first, and J. Jonah Jameson (J.K. Simmons) chooses Brock's photo over Peter's. Brock explains that he would like a staff job, and Jameson tells the two photographers that if either of them wants the staff job then they will have to get a picture of Spider-Man committing a crime. Peter tells Brock that he doesn't have a chance at getting the photo, and Peter goes to Times Square. There, he sees a sign saying Spider-Man is to receive the Key to the City. Peter then goes to take Harry back to his penthouse apartment and the two hang out there. Peter gives Harry his old basketball, and throws it to him in the living room. It knocks into a vase and knocks the vase off and Harry effortlessly catches both the ball and the vase. He marvels at his skill, worrying Peter. Mary Jane goes to the theatre to attend a rehearsal session, but discovers that after several bad critic reviews she has been fired from the show and replaced. She leaves the theatre, and is startled when she meets a round of applausefrom the crowd, but is disheartened as Spider-Man swings by and she realizes the applause is actually for him. She storms off, frustrated and upset. The next day, Peter attends the ceremony being held for Spider-Man. He meets MJ, who doesn't tell him about her being fired from the show. She encourages him, and then he walks off. Harry arrives, and he offers to attend her play that night. She tells him that she's been kicked off, and then wonders to herself why she told Harry rather than Peter. Gwen Stacy introduces Spider-Man as the person who saved her from certain death, and then Spider-Man swings in, performing small stunts on the stage. He drops down and suspends himself at head level with Gwen Stacy, upside down. He tells her to kiss him, for publicity, and she does so in a kiss reminiscent of the one Peter and MJ shared in the alleyway. Suddenly, a cloud of sand flies in, and the ceremony is disrupted. Spider-Man swings off to find out what is going on, and sees the cloud of dust form a person who breaks into an armoured car. Spidey lands in the car and tries to punch the Sandman, but his arm goes straight through his stomach. Sandman punches Spider-Man out of the vehicle, and Spidey swings back in to try and fight off the Sandman. Sandman runs off as Spider-Man realises that the armoured car is about to crash into a large vehicle, and manages to save the two drivers. He jumps out, with Sandman nowhere in sight. The following night, Peter goes to a fancy French restaurant and gives the Maitre d' the ring for Mary Jane for safekeeping. He sits and waits for MJ, practising his proposal. As MJ arrives, Gwen Stacy also approaches, and Peter introduces her to MJ as his lab partner. This infuriates MJ, and Gwen quickly leaves. MJ asks Peter if he's trying to push her away, inappropriately kissing another girl with "their" kiss, but leaves when he replies. Peter tries to follow her, but gives up and retrieves the ring. The following morning, Peter tries to contact Mary Jane, but she deliberately doesn't answer the phone. As he hangs up, the phone rings, and he picks it up. A Detective asks him to go down to the police station, where Peter and Aunt May are informed by Captain Stacy (Gwen Stacy's father) that the police got the facts wrong surrounding Uncle Ben's death, and that he was actually murdered by someone else. The cop pulls out a picture of Flint Marko, and Peter instantly recognises him. He storms back home, waiting for any news on Sandman. MJ arrives while he waits, and tells him she wants to support him through this. He tells her he doesn't need help, and she tries to make him understand that everybody needs help at some point in their lives, even Spider-Man. She leaves, and Peter continues waiting for the police band to give him some news about Sandman... as he waits, he falls asleep. Silently, the black meteoric substance approaches him, and he wakes up hanging upside down in front of a skyscraper window. His Spider-Man suit is now jet black, and has enhanced his powers, making him feel really good. He swings around the city and then visits Curtis Connors (Dylan Baker), his science teacher, who agrees to analyse the black substance. Curtis warns him that the substance appears to be a symbiote, in need of a host to bind to; he warns Peter not to get any on him. Peter goes home and finally hears a report about Sandman on the police band. He puts on the black suit and goes to fight Sandman, with his powers enhanced. Brock turns up to photograph the event, but Spider-Man turns on him, ripping the camera away and smashing it. Spider-Man then goes on to fight and kill Sandman, ruthlessly drowning him and thereby transforming him into a pile of wet mud. Peter goes home and argues with the landlord, Mr. Ditkovich, and then slams his door on him. The landlord retreats back to his room, shocked at Peter's sudden outburst. Peter, meanwhile, looks in the mirror and realises that the black suit is altering his personality, and so takes it off. He then visits Aunt May, telling her of Marko's death at the hands of Spider-Man. She is shocked that Spider-Man could act like that, and tells Peter that revenge can take people over, like a poison, and change them. MJ walks through New York, feeling lonely, and calls up Harry. She visits him, and together they make an omelette, singing and dancing to Chubby Checker's The Twist. After eating, MJ reads from a play that Harry wrote for her, and then the two kiss. Realising that she actually doesn't feel anything for Harry, she leaves, much to the dismay of the equally lonely Harry. He suddenly has flashbacks and remembers Peter's alter-ego; he sees his father in the mirror telling him to attack Peter's heart. Mary Jane arrives home and hears Peter leaving a message on her answering machine. As he finishes, she is thrown against the wall by the New Goblin, who was lurking in the shadows. With his mask off, he tells MJ there is something she must do for him if she wants Peter to live. Mary Jane calls Peter and asks him to meet her in Central Park, where she dumps him, claiming to be in love with another man. Peter then meets Harry in a diner, where Harry claims that he is the other man. Peter furiously leaves and puts the black suit on, arriving back at Harry's apartment that night. He furiously attacks Harry, knocking him into a glass shelf and then sneering at Harry that his father had never loved him. Harry throws a bomb at Peter, but Peter snags it with a web and throws it back at him. Peter leaves as the bomb goes off. The next day, Peter strolls through the streets and sees an article about Spider-Man stealing some money from the bank, photo courtesy of Eddie Brock. He recognises the photo as an altered version of one that he took himself years ago. He goes to the Daily Bugle and alerts Jameson to the fraud, who fires Brock from his new position as Daily Bugle staff. The paper has to issue its first retraction in 20 years, which infuriates Jameson. Peter then struts through the streets with an air of confidence, looking at several girls suggestively and clicking his fingers. As a montage, we see Peter on the phone with Dr. Connors, who tells Peter that the black substance, a symbiote, will amplify the characteristics of its host, especially aggression. Peter brushes it off and then we see him in the Daily Bugle, in a tight embrace with Betty Brant, Jameson's secretary. Jameson walks in and the two break apart; Jameson's assistant, Robbie, picks up some photos of black-suited Spider-Man that Peter placed on Jameson's desk. Jameson offers Peter the usual rate, but Peter says that if he wants the pictures, Jameson has to give him the staff job. As the last part of the montage, Peter struts into a shop, walking out in a new black jacket and suit, and does a small dance in the middle of the street before finally strutting off. That evening, some mud falls out of a sewer pipe and into a small pond; it reforms, and Sandman crawls out of the water. Strung around his hand is the locket, and he takes one look at it and then walks off, determined to live up to his promise. Peter takes Gwen to a jazz club where MJ is now working, in an effort to make MJ jealous. When MJ gets up to sing, Peter jumps up and starts playing the piano with the band, leaving MJ speechless. He suddenly jumps up and launches into a full dance routine throughout the jazz club, ultimately resulting in Gwen realising that he did it all to make MJ jealous. She leaves the jazz club, and Peter attempts to talk to MJ. The bouncer tries to throw Peter out, but Peter starts viciously beating him up; when MJ tries to step in, he turns around and smacks her hard on the jaw, sending her flying to the ground. She asks him who he is, and he accepts that he doesn't know. He leaves, MJ still lying on the floor with a look of shock on her face. Peter dons his full black Spider-Man costume and swings up to the top of a church tower, where he jumps down and begins tearing at the costume by the church bell. The bell sound seems to pain the symbiote, and it eventually comes off clean. At the same time, Eddie Brock is sitting in the church praying for God to kill Peter. He hears the bells ringing and goes to investigate, and is caught as the symbiote drips off Peter and lands on him. The symbiote changes Brock into Venom, a terrifying variation of Spider-Man with huge teeth and claws. Peter is visited that night by his Aunt May, who tells him that despite everything that he might have done to Mary Jane, he can make things right somehow. He watches as she leaves, feeling comforted. Venom swings through the streets of Manhattan when he is suddenly stopped by Flint Marko, who mistakes him for Spider-Man. Venom tells Marko that together, they could defeat Spider-Man, and Marko agrees to team-up. Venom gets a taxicab, then drives up to MJ's house and collects her when she flags him down to get to the Jazz Club. He kidnaps her and hangs her high in the taxicab in a web, suspended 80 stories above the ground in an under-construction skyscraper. Peter sees reports of the kidnapping on the news, and then changes into his Spider-Man costume. He goes to Harry's apartment and asks for help, but Harry rejects him again and turns to show Peter the scar on his face. Peter tries once more to get Harry's help, for Mary Jane's sake, but Harry merely growls at him to get out. Peter leaves, and Harry is confronted by the house butler, Bernard, who tells Harry that he cleaned his father's wound the night he died. He tells Harry that the blade that pierced his father's body came from his own glider. Spider-Man swings into the construction site and lands on the front of the car; Venom swings in and knocks him through the windshield. He grabs the back of the car and hauls himself up, and Venom knocks him down again. He lands down on the web and then Venom jumps on him. Peter tries to ask Brock to settle the problem some other way, but Venom declines. Peter and Venom topple out of the web and have a midair fight before Peter hits the ground. He is then tripped up as Sandman appears, more than ten times his normal size and growling like a monster. Spider-Man attempts to escape Sandman, but Venom knocks him onto a steel bar and holds him there with his webbing. Sandman pummels him with his gigantic fist while onlookers begin to weep. Just before Sandman can finish Spider-Man off, Harry flies in and throws a bomb at Sandman, and helps Peter up. The two fight Sandman and Venom, and Harry eventually knocks Sandman down while Peter gets MJ out of the taxi and into a safer area. Venom then attacks Peter, and traps him with his webbing, but Harry flies in and attempts to stab Venom with some blades protruding out the front of his hoverboard. Venom grabs his board and flings him off, knocking several rebars loose and collapsing to the floor. The clanging sound pains the symbiote, and Peter remembers back to the bell noise in the church. Venom leaps towards Peter with Harry's board, intending to impale Peter, but Harry runs in between Venom and Peter, and is himself impaled instead. Venom throws him aside and then leaps towards Peter again, who manages to snap his wrists free and smack Venom around the head with a rebar. Peter circles Venom with the bars, and the clanging sound pains Venom as each one is slammed into the ground. Peter snags Eddie from inside the suit with his webbing and pulls him out; he then throws a bomb from Harry's glider at the symbiote. Eddie rushes towards the symbiote while the bomb flies through the air, and is killed in the resulting explosion. Sandman approaches Peter and tells him that the killing of Uncle Ben was, in fact, an accident caused by his gun going off. Peter forgives him and Sandman flies off through the buildings while Peter swings down to Harry. He and MJ sit on either side of him, comforting him while he dies. Harry forgives Peter for the death of his father and then dies as the sun rises. Peter, MJ, Gwen, Aunt May and several others attend Harry's funeral, and then we fade into MJ singing at the jazz club. She stops singing as Peter walks in, and then he steps forwards, his hand outstretched. She takes it and the two embrace, slowly dancing on the spot to the music of the jazz band. THE END Written by joel-waroftheworlds, 03.02.08 