nm0011928:

 Resistance at Tule Lake (2017)Summaries Resistance at Tule Lake tells the long-suppressed story of 12,000 Japanese Americans who dared to resist the U.S. government's program of mass incarceration during World War II. Branded as 'disloyals' and re-imprisoned at Tule Lake Segregation Center, they continued to protest in the face of militarized violence, and thousands renounced their U.S. citizenship. Giving voice to experiences that have been marginalized for over 70 years, this documentary challenges the nationalist, one-sided ideal of wartime 'loyalty.' It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Corner of Her Eye (2005 Video)211) Three brothers ride out Hurricane Katrina in their father's house in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi. An intimate, spooky family portrait that starts as a father's adventurous challenge and rapidly turns to a fight for survival. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Three brothers from New York visit their father in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi and find themselves in the direct path of Hurricane Katrina as she approaches. The gripping and visually stunning moment-by-moment experience of three young men who take on a hurricane as a personal challenge, influenced by their father. Though their stepmother offers the brothers shelter in a military base, they choose to ride out the storm in their father's house. But father leaves to help the local police during the storm, so the brothers find themselves alone as Katrina makes landfall. The camera's POV roves among the brothers to offer a visceral experience of Katrina's escalating fury. The storm surge is the tangible monster of the story, at first only glimpsed, then encroaching, then overwhelming. The brothers' cockiness gives way to to humility as they realize what they're up against. Though the father is seen only in glimpses, his powerful emotional influence steadily accumulates along with the Katrina's fury, coming to the foreground in the aftermath of the storm, when the brothers are forced to ask why their father chose to leave them in the house alone. This documentary was edited from first-hand footage of this history-making storm, its raw verite style punctuated with intimate family insights elaborated through interviews. The musical score by guitar vituoso Jack Rose encompasses multi-hued layers of contemplation in an American primitive folk style. 
 Rising Up: The Alams (2005 Video)Summaries The Alams, a Bangladeshi family living in Coney Island, face deportation of the father as a consequence of the racist policy of Special Registration. But the Alams are not just victims; learn how they fight back. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Enemy Alien (2011)211) A Japanese American filmmaker finds echoes of his own family's World War II internment in post-9/11 arrests of Muslim immigrants and joins the struggle to free Farouk Abdel-Muhti, a Palestinian activist. Farouk organizes resistance among his fellow detainees, incurring abusive retaliation from his captors, as Homeland Security officials investigate the documentary itself, arresting Farouk's son. Konrad Aderer Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. ENEMY ALIEN is a documentary about the fight to free Farouk Abdel-Muhti, a gentle but indomitable Palestinian-born human rights activist detained in a post-9/11 sweep of Muslim immigrants. Told through the eyes of filmmaker Konrad Aderer, the grandson of Japanese Americans interned during World War II, this gripping story takes on unprecedented intimacy and historical resonance Transferred from jail to jail, beaten and interrogated but never charged with a crime, Farouk organizes other immigration detainees in a hunger strike. Resistance brings consequences as Farouk is transferred into solitary confinement, and the documentary itself is obstructed and investigated by counterterrorism officials. Farouk's quiet charisma creates an indelible impression even through the heavily restricted prison interviews. His remarkable lack of fear or self-concern would almost lead us to forget about the deprivation and abuse he suffers, were it not for the toll it takes on his son Tarek, whom we come to know well through his growing bond with the filmmaker. Its through this pair, sons of the national security detainees of two wars, that we truly feel the roller-coaster developments in this story. After a two-year struggle, Farouk is ultimately freed from detention in a landmark case, only to die from a heart attack just months later. 