nm0009315:

 Man on Fire (2004)761) In Mexico City, a former CIA operative swears vengeance on those who committed an unspeakable act against the family he was hired to protect. Hard-drinking, burnt-out ex-CIA operative John Creasy has given up on life until he's hired as a bodyguard to protect 9-year-old Pita Ramos. Bit by bit, Creasy begins to reclaim some of his soul, but when Pita is kidnapped, Creasy's fiery rage is finally released and he will stop at nothing to save her as he sets out on a dangerous, revenge-fueled rescue mission. Freddie Bidwell John Creasy is a hard drinking ex-CIA operative whose past causes him to carry a heavy conscience. Creasy reluctantly takes a job as a bodyguard to a little girl in Mexico City, Lupita Ramos. Although Creasy is burnt out, with Pita's help, he learns to live again. Just as Creasy is regaining his own well-being, Pita is taken by experienced kidnappers. He tries valiantly to fight them off, but they flee with Pita. At this point Creasy will stop at nothing to find those involved and exact justice. Creasy wages all-out war on anyone involved, learning about the corruption in the highest of places and their involvement in the kidnapping racket. Dalton M Slowly falling into deep depression against the backdrop of a seemingly-endless string of violent abductions in bustling Mexico City, the former U.S. Marine Corps officer and now a burnt-out heavy drinker, John Creasy, hesitantly accepts a new job as a personal bodyguard for 9-year-old Pita Ramos. Little by little, the distant, taciturn gun-for-hire will surprisingly find a new purpose in life; however, when John fails to protect the young heiress from a blood-drenched kidnapping operation, his whole world crumbles into dust. Now, a war against everyone involved in Pita's abduction is the only solution. Who can stand in the way of a man on fire? Nick Riganas A wave of kidnappings has swept through Mexico, feeding a growing sense of panic among its wealthier citizens, especially parents. In one six-day period, there were 24 abductions, leading many to hire bodyguards for their children. Into this world enters John Creasy, a burned-out ex-CIA operative/assassin, who has given up on life. Creasy's friend Rayburn brings him to Mexico City to be a bodyguard to 9-year-old Pita Ramos, daughter of industrialist Samuel Ramos and his wife Lisa. Creasy is not interested in being a bodyguard, especially to a youngster, but for lack of something better to do, he accepts the assignment. Creasy barely tolerates the precocious child and her pestering questions about him and his life. But slowly, she chips away at his seemingly impenetrable exterior, his defenses drop, and he opens up to her. Creasy's new-found purpose in life is shattered when Pita is kidnapped. Despite being seriously wounded during the kidnapping, he vows to kill anyone involved in or profiting from the kidnapping. And no one can stop him. Sujit R. Varma In Mexico City, John Creasy, former CIA assassin and current decadent alcoholic, is hired by industrialist Samuel Ramos, with the recommendation of his old friend Rayburn, to be the bodyguard of his young daughter Pita and his wife Lisa. Pita changes the behavior of the cold Creasy, making him live and smile again, and he feels a great affection for her. When the girl is kidnapped, Creasy swears to kill everyone responsible for the abduction. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Mexico City, criminal gangs are kidnapping rich people and extorting their families for the lucrative ransom money. A young man, "Eighteen," is walking through the city streets with his girlfriend, and he is kidnapped. As police detective Victor Fuentes ( Jess Ochoa ) consoles the family, Eighteen's wealthy father receives a call from human trafficker Daniel Sanchez ( Gustavo Snchez Parra ), who is very interested in Eighteen's ten million dollar life insurance policy. The father and Fuentes arrange a dead drop, and Eighteen is found near a freeway overpass, blindfolded and in his underwear, but alive. Mexican businessman Samuel Ramos ( Marc Anthony ) discusses this incident with his attorney Jordan Kalfus ( Mickey Rourke ), as it has convinced Ramos' wife, Lisa ( Radha Mitchell ), that they need to hire a bodyguard for their nine-year-old daughter Lupita "Pita" Ramos ( Dakota Fanning ). Ramos is reluctant to do this, and it is implied that he is having financial problems, as Pita had a bodyguard until recently but they had to let him go. Kalfus reminds Ramos that he needs to hire another bodyguard in order to renew the family's ransom insurance, and recommends he talk to Paul Rayburn ( Christopher Walken ), a former CIA agent who now runs an executive security firm. Rayburn refers the family to his old CIA buddy John Creasy ( Denzel Washington ). Ramos is impressed with Creasy's rsum, which includes a variety of counterinsurgency and counter-terrorism activities. However, Creasy is burned out from all the death and horror and has taken to alcoholism to ease the burden. He even attempts suicide, which fails when his gun misfires. Rayburn attributes this to a bullet's tendency to find its way to truly deserving targets. Creasy is not interested in bodyguard work and even less with the youngster, but he needs a job. Creasy's initial impatience slowly fades as he finds himself opening up to the child. He replaces her parents in their absence, giving her advice and coaching her in her swimming lessons and competitions. He helps her overcome her fear of the sound of starter pistols, turning it into an eagerness to move at the sound of one. Pita gives Creasy an emblem of St. Jude, the patron saint of lost causes, saying she bought it for him with her own money. Shortly after delivering her to a piano audition, Creasy notices a suspicious vehicle driving past and a pair of police cars blocking off the surrounding street. As Pita emerges from the building and freezes, Creasy pulls out his gun and fires a shot into the air, similar to a starter pistol, startling her into running away. During the ensuing gun battle, four of the attackers are fatally shot, including two corrupt police officers. The battle leaves Creasy seriously wounded and unconscious, allowing the surviving kidnappers to grab the child. The police chief publicly ridicules Creasy while he is unconscious in the hospital, claiming he murdered the two police officers. A journalist, Mariana Guerrero ( Rachel Ticotin ) finds it suspicious that the cops were supposed to be off duty, yet were in uniform and driving squad cars. Her Federal Ministerial Police contact, Miguel Manzano ( Giancarlo Giannini ), matter of factly states that the cops were corrupt. They decide to talk to Creasy once he has recovered. Although Kalfus wants the police kept out of the negotiation for Pita's release, the death of the two officers make the kidnapping a police matter, so Fuentes takes charge, assuring the family that the chances of Pita's safe return are good as long as they listen to him. Soon after, Sanchez demands a dead drop ransom of ten million dollars in exchange for Pita. Although Ramos is instructed to come to the drop alone, Fuentes advises against this, and accompanies Ramos to the drop. The drop goes badly, as the kidnappers are ambushed, and Ramos and Fuentes are forced to flee. A furious Sanchez reveals that his nephew was killed in the ambush, and he blames this on Ramos disobeying his instructions. He says that Pita is lost to them forever, which is assumed to mean she is dead. Rayburn learns about Creasy's situation and helps Creasy escape to a safe house where he can recover from his injuries. After Creasy is well, he returns to Pita's home and promises Lisa that he will kill everyone who was involved in, or profited from, the kidnapping. With help from Guerrero and Manzano, Creasy learns that the corrupt cops belong to a powerful crime syndicate called La Hermandad (Spanish for "the Brotherhood"). Creasy kidnaps and tortures several Brotherhood members, forcing them to reveal the names of the people involved in the kidnapping ring, including Fuentes. With help from Guerrero, he learns that Fuentes will be travelling through the city in a high security motorcade. Using a hotel room as a sniper's nest, Creasy uses a rocket launcher to destroy the armored vehicles escorting Fuentes' limo, then heads down to the street to engage the remaining guards. After a protracted shootout with Creasy using advanced guerilla warfare tactics, Creasy hijacks the limo and knocks Fuentes out. Under interrogation, Fuentes reveals that he ambushed the dead drop because he had had organized so many of them in the past, he thought it would be easy money. However, the bags stolen from the drop only contained 2.5 million, a quarter of the actual ransom. Fuentes begs to be spared, insisting that he is just a hired professional like Creasy. A disgusted Creasy reveals that he planted an explosive within Fuentes' rectum while he was unconscious, and it will explode in five minutes. As Creasy walks away, Fuentes spends the last few minutes of his life screaming until the explosive detonates, killing him. Creasy traces another 2.5 million to Kalfus and goes to his house to confront him, only to find his decapitated body floating in a pool. He confronts Ramos, who admits that he was danger of going bankrupt, so Kalfus suggested they stage Pita's kidnapping so he could collect the insurance money. Kalfus had made most of the arrangements, and assured Ramos that Pita would simply be watching cartoons in a safehouse for a few hours. Things went south once Fuentes got too greedy, Ramos blamed Kalfus for this and had him executed. Creasy leaves a pistol (the same one from his failed suicide attempt) and a single bullet on the table, reiterating Rayburn's earlier advice about bullets always finding deserving targets. After Creasy and Lisa leave, Ramos uses the gun to kill himself. As Creasy continues his pursuit of Sanchez, Manzano's men are tracking him electronically. Guerrero prepares to publish Sanchez' photo in the newspaper but is attacked on the way home by a gang member who threatens to kill her if she publishes the picture. The paper publishes it anyway and the headlines label it "Tiene Vo el Miedo" ("Fear has a Voice"). After Creasy learns where Sanchez' brother Aurelio ( Gero Camilo ) lives, he gains access to his apartment. Aurelio wounds Creasy in the chest, but Creasy is able to chase him. Aurelio attempts to escape in a VW bus, but Creasy wounds him and he crashes into a large truck. Creasy takes Aurelio back to his apartment and captures Sanchez' very pregnant wife, Raina. He tortures Aurelio and forces Raina to page Sanchez who then calls back. Creasy is intent on killing Sanchez when Sanchez reveals that Pita is still alive. He offers to release her if Creasy surrenders himself and lets Aurelio live. Creasy agrees and takes Lisa to a remote rural area to make the exchange. After Pita runs to her mother, Aurelio and Creasy get into a car, which speeds off. In the back seat, Creasy dies from his gunshot wound and drops the emblem of St. Jude that Pita gave him. An epilogue reveals that Sanchez was killed by Manzano during a police raid that same day. 
 Noche de buitres (1988)Summaries A group of rich and spoiled youngsters go on a killing spree through the streets of Mexico. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Let's Get Harry (1986)Summaries When Colombian revolutionaries kidnap an American engineer, his brother and friends, faced with official inaction, hire a mercenary and mount the rescue operation themselves. When Harry Burck, Jr. (Mark Harmon), an American engineer on loan to Colombia, is taken hostage and held for ransom, his brother Corey (Michael Schoeffling) and friend Jack (Gary Busey) are among a group of men, lead by Shrike (Robert Duvall), who go deep into the jungles of Colombia to rescue Harry and an American ambassador. Richard Jones <rjo339@swbell.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gringo (2018)431) GRINGO, a dark comedy mixed with white-knuckle action and dramatic intrigue, explores the battle of survival for businessman Harold Soyinka (David Oyelowo) when he finds himself crossing the line from law-abiding citizen to wanted criminal. An exhilarating mix of dark comedy, white-knuckle action and dramatic intrigue, Gringo joyrides into Mexico, where mild-mannered businessman Harold Soyinka (David Oyelowo) finds himself at the mercy of his back-stabbing business colleagues back home, local drug lords and a morally conflicted black-ops mercenary. Crossing the line from law-abiding citizen to wanted criminal, Harold battles to survive his increasingly dangerous situation in ways that raise the question: Is he out of his depth - or two steps ahead? Amazon Studios In the Chicago offices of Promethium Pharmaceuticals, co-presidents Richard Rusk and Elaine Markinson receive a call from a company employee, Harold Soyinka, who claims he has been kidnapped in Mexico and that his abductors are demanding a ransom of five million US dollars. One day earlier, Harold, Richard, and Elaine arrive in Mexico where they meet Sanchez, head of Promethium's Mexico plant. Unbeknownst to Harold, it is revealed that Sanchez has been selling Promethium's latest product, medical marijuana in the shape of a pill, to a Mexican cartel. Promethium has decided to cut them off to avoid harming their upcoming merger. Later that evening, as Richard, Elaine and Harold have dinner, Harold secretly records Richard's and Elaine's conversations while he is away from the table. He learns from the recording the merger plans, which would result in Harold losing his job. That night, he also discovers that his wife is having an affair and wants a divorce. Sanchez informs cartel leader Villegas about them getting cut off by Promethium; Villegas maims Sanchez and, believing that Harold is Promethium's boss, orders his capture.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the offices of a pharmaceutical company called Promethium, we see the CEO Richard Rusk (Joel Edgerton) being interrupted from having sex from behind with his co-boss Elaine Markinson (Charlize Theron) by a phone call. Richard answers to hear his friend and employee, Harold Soyinka (David Oyelowo), crying for help, claiming he has been kidnapped in Mexico and that his abductors are demanding a ransom of $5 million. We go back to two days earlier where Harold is merely a mild-mannered rep for Promethium, living in Chicago and married to Bonnie (Thandie Newton). He meets with his accountant, who tells him that because of Bonnie's reckless spending, they are broke. When he gets to work, Harold is told by Richard that the two of them, plus Elaine, are going to be flying to Mexico to handle business involving a company merger, although Harold doesn't know that it's supposed to be a merger. Richard makes an allusion to a study he read on a gorilla being fed carrots when he wants bananas as a means for Harold to be convinced to go through with this so he will eventually be rewarded. Harold goes into Richard's office and finds a file on his computer that he copies to his own drive. Elsewhere in the city is a guitar shop run by Sunny (Amanda Seyfried) and her boyfriend Miles (Harry Treadaway). A friend of Miles, Nelly (Paris Jackson), enters the shop to tell Miles that someone down in Mexico wants him to smuggle some drugs into the U.S. He agrees to it and decides to take Sunny with him. Harold, Richard, and Elaine arrive in Mexico where they meet Angel (Yul Vasquez), an old friend of Harold's. They go meet with a rep of theirs named Celerino Sanchez (Hernan Mendoza). Richard and Elaine enter his office while Harold sits outside. It turns out they have been selling their latest product to the Mexican cartel in order to get more money back, and now Promethium has decided to cut them off to avoid harming their merger. Later on, the three have dinner, with Harold secretly recording what Richard and Elaine say about him when he walks away. At the hotel, he is having a Skype call with Bonnie where she admits to having an affair and that she plans to leave Harold. He attempts to get her to talk more, but she hangs up on him. Meanwhile, Sunny and Miles arrive in Mexico as Miles maintains contact with his guy that wants to send the drugs back with him. Sanchez goes to meet with cartel leader Villegas, the Black Panther (Carlos Corona). Sanchez tells Villegas about them getting cut off by Promethium, and after showing Villegas a picture of Harold, the kingpin is led to believe that Harold is the boss, so he orders his men to go find him after having them cut off Sanchez's toe to show that nobody messes with them. Back at Promethium, Richard and Elaine promote their new product, a weed pill called Cannabax, to potential buyers Jerry (Alan Ruck) and Marty (Kenneth Choi). Elaine uses her sex appeal to sway the men into buying what she and Richard are selling. Harold is left behind in Mexico to handle other business. As the cartel goes looking for him, they find that he has left the hotel and is now staying at a smaller motel run by brothers Ronaldo (Diego Catano) and Ernesto (Rodrigo Corea). Harold later gets the brothers to help him make a phone call. He calls Richard but is actually pretending to be kidnapped in exchange for the ransom, but Richard and Elaine cut him off because they are having sex in the bathroom, although they believe their business with the cartel is catching up to them and they are genuinely terrified. To fix the situation, Richard calls his brother Mitch (Sharlto Copley) to find Harold and take him home. Harold spends the evening getting drunk at a bar. The bartender is in league with the cartel, and he alerts the bosses when he recognizes Harold. Two men show up to take Harold away, but he is too drunk to realize something is wrong. On the trip back to Villegas, Harold is able to understand them in Spanish when they say they got Harold. He also sees a gun that one of the thugs is holding. Harold fights the man for the gun, causing him to shoot the driver and sending them crashing off-road. One of Villegas's men shows up to the motel to ask Ronaldo and Ernesto if they have seen Harold. They deny it at first but then become convinced to send him to Villegas if it means they will be rewarded with money. In the morning, Harold is dazed and in pain when he sees Sunny and Miles driving down the street. She orders Miles to stop, and they take Harold back to their room once he passes out. Sunny tends to his wounds and calls him Harry. Soon, Ronaldo and Ernesto (in masks) attempt to kidnap Harold. Before they can get out the door, Mitch shows up and knocks the two of them out and takes Harold with him. Elaine goes to Richard's apartment building and sees him by his window with another woman. She musters up the courage to confront him and finds that Richard is with Bonnie, whom Elaine knows is Harold's wife. Elaine mentions that she had sex with Richard in the toilet of an airplane, leading Bonnie to walk out. Mitch takes Harold to the airport, but he runs away after thinking he's getting kidnapped again. Mitch catches him and takes him back to his room where he injects him with a tracker to know where he is at all times. Mitch makes a deal with Harold to try and get Richard to pay a larger sum of money for Harold's return. When Mitch calls Richard to make that deal, Richard tells him that the company is planning to collect a life insurance claim on Harold if he were to end up dead. Mitch reluctantly agrees to take him up on that offer. Harold and Mitch go out on the streets where they are spotted by Ronaldo and Ernesto. Mitch attempts to kill Harold but cannot bring himself to do it as he has grown fond of the guy, though he admits what Richard was planning. Mitch is then struck by a car driven by the brothers, who take Harold with them to Villegas. The brothers take Harold to Villegas's ranch where the kingpin promptly has them both executed. He tells Harold not to worry as they only want access to the drug company's vault to take a surplus of the weed pill. They drive to the lab where Miles is meeting with his guy to take the product. This leads to a huge shootout when the police arrive, with everyone firing upon each other. Harold gets away with Angel, who reveals himself to be an undercover DEA agent that infiltrated Villegas's gang as well as Promethium. They are chased by the cartel members who run them off the road. As he climbs out of the wreckage, Harold shoots one of the goons, while the other is shot by Mitch, who managed to track Harold. Unfortunately, the first goon is still alive and he shoots Mitch in the head, killing him, and Harold kills the goon in return. Harold gives Angel his drive with the information he needs to bring Richard down. Harold also admits he can't return home since he won't have a job or wife to return to. Angel says people disappear in Mexico all the time, and that he will allow Harold to fake his death. Harold goes to Mitch's body to briefly mourn him before taking his car, which has a ton of cash and forged passports. In the aftermath, Villegas and his men, along with Miles, are all arrested. Harold is declared dead back home, and a funeral is held for him, which Bonnie attends. She later gets fat after being alone. Richard is arrested and sentenced to 15 years, and Elaine takes over the company. While in prison, Richard receives a banana peel with the message "Dear Richard - Eat your carrots", letting Richard know that Harold is alive. Harold stays in Mexico and opens up a bar by the beach. He maintains contact with Sunny and sends her a message on her birthday. The film closes with Harold looking to the audience and smiling. 