nm0004263:

 The Brady Bunch Variety Hour (19761977)Summaries The Brady family sings, dances, and performs comedy skits. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Love Child (1982)321) The true story of Terry Jean Moore, a young woman who is imprisoned for 7 years on account of a "five dollar" robbery. In prison she gets pregnant by a jailer and has to fight to keep her child. 17-year-old Terry Jean Moore is trying to survive in small-town Ohio. She has little belief in her own value, so when her cousin shows up to raise a little hell, she goes along for the ride; she knows he's likely to cause them both a lot of trouble, but she lacks the confidence to stop him. He commits an armed robbery and when they're caught, she's the one who catches the heat instead of her punk cousin. Her self-destructive rage increases her time in confinement until she is sentenced to a women's prison in Florida. There she meets a deputy who promises her the moon--with no intention of following through. When he gets her pregnant, she slowly realizes that she now has something real to fight for, and with love and support from a few fellow inmates, she writes to and starts a professional relationship with an attorney who offers to represent her. He helps her change the laws of incarcerated pregnant women in the State of Florida. While Terry Jean Moore was released shortly after the birth of her child, her story inspired many women that there was something worth fighting for and that they too could enjoy the same hard-won redemption. eagenge@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Following her parents' divorce and nomadic childhood, 21-year-old Terry Jean Moore (Amy Madigan) moves to New Orleans, Louisiana, and later to Orlando, Florida, with her underage teen cousin, Jesse Chaney (Lewis Smith). While hitchhiking out of Orlando on August 12, 1977, a car stops for them. Jesse points a gun at the driver and instructs Terry to take the wheel, but she claims she cannot drive a manual transmission stick shift vehicle. As they argue, the driver escapes with the keys, and the pair is later arrested outside a convenience store. With Jesse locked in a juvenile probation center, Terry is charged with armed robbery. Despite her clean record and her argument that she never touched the gun, the unforgiving judge sentences her to 15 years in a woman's state prison, with the possibility of parole in seven years. On the first day, when the other inmates burn Terry's books, the guards see her standing over the flames and confine her to a solitary cell. Losing her temper, she uses a cigarette to set fire to her bed linens, an action for which she is sent to the Broward County Correctional Institute and with an additional five more years added to her prison sentence. There, Terry is instantly derided by the other prisoners, earning the nickname "Prom Queen." A violent brawl with a nosy cellmate prompts a verbal disciplining from the sympathetic Officer Jack Hansen (Beau Bridges), who playfully insists he will break her neck if she continues to misbehave. Eventually, Terry strikes up a friendship with a lesbian inmate named J. J. (Mackenzie Phillips), but one day, an aggressive woman named Mara (Anna Marie Horsford) threatens her with a blade. Although witnesses defend Terry, prison warden Captain Mark Ellis (Albert Salmi) punishes her with 15 days of solitary confinement. After 200 days of incarceration, Jack and Terry's discreet flirtation develops into a clandestine affair. Meanwhile, Terry is assigned to work in the library alongside June Burns (Rhea Pearlman), who immediately notices Terry's strange relationship with the officer. Following a tryst in the warehouse, Terry wistfully imagines her life with Jack outside of prison, and he promises to find a lawyer to help shorten her sentence. A few months later, with legal proceedings underway, Terry jubilantly informs Jack that she is pregnant. Although she is confident that she will be released before anyone finds out, Jack worriedly returns home to his wife and two children. As the other correction officers begin hearing rumors of Terry's condition, J. J. and June Burns attempt to convince her to have an abortion, but she stubbornly refuses. Suspicious, Capt. Ellis adjusts Jack's patrol so that he remains distanced from Terry. When Mara reveals that Jack is married, a distraught Terry confronts him across a fence, but he insists that telling her the truth would not have made a difference in their situation. Later, she cries in J. J.'s arms and begs June to help her conceal her pregnancy from the prison superintendent, Mrs. Helen Sturgis (Joanna Merlin), who locks her in "medical confinement" until she agrees to take a pregnancy test. One day, Capt. Ellis informs Terry that Hansen has quit his job. A month into Terry's isolation, June reads about a law that she believes will help Terry, so the expectant mother writes a letter to a civil lawyer named Jacki Steinberg (Margaret Whitton). Aware that she is now five months pregnant and therefore can no longer be forced into having an abortion, Terry finally admits to her pregnancy. According to a particular statute in the Florida state law, she stipulates that she has the right to keep her child with her in the institution for 18 months. When Jacki takes Terry's case to court, Mrs. Sturgis contests that the prison facility is unsuitable for raising a child, but Terry gives an emotional statement, claiming that the baby has changed her character by giving her a sense of responsibility. Honoring the right of the unborn child to be with its mother, the judge rules in favor of Terry, and she eventually gives birth to a baby girl named Precious. In 1979, Terry and the infant are paroled and Terry serves the remainder of her sentence on probation in Orlando. 
 The Great Muppet Caper (1981)55) Kermit the Frog, The Great Gonzo, and Fozzie Bear are reporters who travel to Britain to interview a rich victim of jewel thieves and help her along with her secretary, Miss Piggy. Kermit the Frog and Fozzie Bear are newspaper reporters sent to London to interview Lady Holiday (Dame Diana Rigg), a wealthy fashion designer whose priceless diamond necklace was stolen. Kermit meets and falls in love with her secretary, Miss Piggy. The jewel thieves strike again, and this time, frame Miss Piggy. It's up to Kermit and The Muppets to bring the real culprits to justice. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> A jewel thief has stolen a priceless diamond necklace from Lady Holiday (Dame Diana Rigg), and reporters Kermit the Frog, Fozzie Bear, and The Great Gonzo travel to England to interview Lady Holiday. Lady Holiday's new receptionist, Miss Piggy poses as the fashion designer, but Kermit soon finds out the truth, when another necklace is stolen. Instead of interviewing the "real" Lady Holiday, Kermit must track down the thieves before they steal her most prized possession. simon The second Muppet adventure finds Kermit the Frog, Fozzie Bear, and The Great Gonzo heading to London working as newspaper reporters on an assignment to interview the wealthy fashion designer Lady Holiday (Dame Diana Rigg), who is the unwilling victim of a gang of greedy thieves bent on stealing her jewelry. But things go wrong when Miss Piggy is framed for the theft of Holiday's most prized necklace. Now it's up to Kermit and the Muppet gang to apprehend the real thief and prove that Miss Piggy is innocent before it's too late. Blazer346 Second Muppet movie has Kermit the Frog, Fozzie Bear, and The Great Gonzo as investigative reporters hot on the trail of a jewel thief. Things get more complicated when Miss Piggy is falsely accused of the crimes and The Muppets must clear her name. Tim Kretschmann <Tim.K@VirComm.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Xanadu (1980)431) A struggling artist living in Los Angeles meets a girl who may hold the key to his happiness. In Los Angeles, artist Sonny Malone reluctantly returns to his job at Airflow Records--doing poster-sized exact-as-possible renderings of album covers for on-site promotions--as he could not make a living as a freelance artist, where he could truly use his artistic vision. On his first day back at Airflow, he gets sidetracked by thoughts of a young woman who literally rollerskates into him. He's unaware that their initial encounter and subsequent encounters are not accident: she is Kira, a muse who was awakened by his lamentations about his art and sent to help him achieve his artistic vision. Later that day he meets aging Danny McGuire, a former big-band musician turned construction-company owner who wants to return to his roots by owning a live music venue. This meeting too is no accident; Sonny soon discovers that Kira was part of Danny's past. Sonny and Danny achieving their dreams is threatened by Kira knowingly breaking the rules. Huggo The Greek muses incarnate themselves on Earth to inspire men to achieve. One of them, incarnated as a girl named Kira, encounters artist Sonny Malone. With the help of Danny McGuire, a man Kira had inspired 40 years earlier, Sonny builds a huge roller-disco rink. Randy Goldberg <goldberg@nymc.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sonny Malone ( Michael Beck ) is a frustrated artist. He has tried to leave a job he hates--painting large display versions of record-album covers--but he shreds his efforts and throws them out the window. The pieces blow past a mural of nine dancing women. THE WOMEN GLOW INTO LIFE AND LEAP FROM THE PAINTING! The women are the so-called Nine Muses of Olympus. They dance down the street and turn into streaks of neon light and fly up into the sky, with accompanying "whoosh" sounds. However, one of them, Terpsichore ( Olivia Newton-John ) stays on Earth. Sonny does not see this one muse who remains. He returns to his hated job. On the way there, he is kissed by Terpischore who rolls up on him on roller skates before skating away. At work, Sonny's co-workers lovingly chide him. His tyrannical boss orders him to paint just what he is told and nothing more. He seems beat down, but his next assignment is an album cover of a musical group called 'The Nine Sisters'. It is the one with one of the kissing woman on it! He asks around--who is the kissing album-cover woman? A guy behind the desk says she's not on the payroll. The photographer can't explain how she got into the shoot for the album cover--of a hundred pictures, she's in only one. A guy on a porch hasn't seen her (but tries to set Sonny up with one of his daughters). Sonny goes to look for her at the scene of the kiss which is the front of an abandoned art deco auditorium. Sonny goes inside the auditorium and finds Terpsichore, who introduces herself as Kira. The two of them fall in love, though Kira refuses to tell Sonny anything about herself. One day, Sonny hears a clarinet played by an older gentleman who sits on a rock by the ocean. The older man is Danny McGuire ( Gene Kelly ), a former big-band orchestra leader who is currently working as construction mogul. One thing leads to another, Danny and Sonny become friends. Danny tells Sonny that he once had a muse in the 1940s who looked significantly like Kira. Kira encourages Sonny and Danny to open a nightclub at the auditorium, and the two begin working on this project as partners. However, Kira eventually confesses to Sonny that she is a Muse and cannot stay in love with him. Kira/Terpischore tells Sonny that she is not supposed to fall in love with mortals. Rather, her purpose in the universe is to inspire people--men, it seems--to achieve a dream; then she moves on. So, sadly, she must leave. Sonny gets upset, and Kira leaves Earth. Danny tells Sonny to keep pursuing Kira, encouraging Sonny not to give up on his ambitions like he did after his own muse left him. Sonny finds the wall upon which Kira was, and is, a painting. He looks at the wall, then roller-skates quickly toward it and jumps into it! Inside the realm of the gods, Kira's father Zeus denies Sonny's plea to let Kira come back to Earth, and despite Kira's mother Mnemosyne interceding for Sonny and Kira, Zeus ultimately sends Sonny back to Earth. Kira then professes her feelings for Sonny, and her parents decide to let her go back to him for "a moment, or maybe forever." At the climax, Kira and the Muses perform at the grand opening of Sonny and Danny's nightclub Xanadu before returning to their realm. Sonny is saddened by their departure, but upon seeing a waitress who looks exactly like Kira, he stops her and asks to talk. 