nm0004947:

 Miss Congeniality (2000)431) An F.B.I. Agent must go undercover in the Miss United States beauty pageant to prevent a group from bombing the event. Undercover F.B.I. Agent Gracie Hart shows no signs of having any femininity in her demeanor or appearance. Generally a bright and capable Agent, she is in trouble at work when she makes an error in judgment in a case which results in a near disaster. As such, one of her by-the-books colleagues, Eric Matthews, who has never shown any inclination of thinking outside the box, is assigned to lead the high profile case of a terrorist coined The Citizen instead of her, while she is facing possible disciplinary action. Gracie pieces together the evidence to determine that The Citizen's next target will be the Miss United States beauty pageant. The pageant represents everything that Gracie abhors. Despite Gracie's mannish demeanor, Eric, with no other undercover female Agent remotely fitting the demographic, assigns her to go undercover as a pageant contestant to see if she can flush out The Citizen, who is perhaps one of the other contestants. Although the pageant administration, led by former winner Cathy Morningside and long time host Stan Fields, provide the F.B.I. with access to the pageant, Cathy in particular is less than thrilled to have a non-credible Gracie posing as a contestant, which she feels will ruin the pageant. The F.B.I. enlist the assistance of former pageant contestant coach Victor Melling, who is facing his own disgrace associated with the pageant, to do the nearly impossible task of transforming Gracie, not only into a woman, but a credible beauty pageant contestant. As Gracie proceeds in the transformation, she gets to know the other contestants, not only as potential criminals, but also as real people. She also discovers that another sinister element is present at the pageant. She will do whatever it takes to quash that element and protect her new friends, namely the other innocent contestants. But now displaying some femininity, Gracie begins to have more womanly feelings, and in turn, attracts the attention of men, one in particular about whom she is happy. Huggo When a serial killer indicates that his next target is the Miss United States beauty pageant, the F.B.I. decides that they must get an undercover Agent as a participant in the contest. A search uncovers no suitable candidate other than a bumbling female Agent. Reluctantly, her Captain agrees to let her join the team working the case. The team is led by a womanizing Agent who has an apparent reluctant attraction to Bullock's character. She enters as Miss New Jersey, replacing a contestant who was discovered to have acted in a porn movie. The pageant managers are immediately aghast about the Agent appearing in the pageant, but arrange a top handler to come give her a quick make-over, with the expected outstanding results. Unfortunately, she still is bumbling. When the killer is suddenly caught, everything seems to be over, except the female Agent tries to convince her boss that something is still not right. She has discovered that the pageant managers are being dismissed after twenty-one years for younger people, and Bergen's character may not be as solid as she seems on the surface. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in 1982 at a school where one boy is bullying another. We see Gracie Hart as a child ( Mary Ashleigh Green ) who steps in to the fight, beats up the bully and tries to help the victim, whom she likes. However, the boy feels humiliated about being rescued "by a girl" and rudely rejects her. She responds by punching the boy in the nose, then leaves to sulk alone. Many years later, Gracie Hart ( Sandra Bullock ) is a tough Special Agent working for the Federal Bureau of Investigation with Eric Matthews ( Benjamin Bratt ). In a sting operation against Russian mobsters, she disobeys the orders of her superior ( Ernie Hudson ) and tries to stop their target, a mob boss, from choking. Because of her actions one of her squad gets shot. As punishment, she is demoted to a desk job. The agency is soon alerted to a threat against the 75th annual Miss United States beauty pageant in San Antonio, Texas by a letter from a notorious domestic terrorist known only as "The Citizen". Eric is elected to lead the mission to stop a supposed attack. Eric relies on Gracie's suggestions, but ends up taking credit for them himself. One of Gracie's ideas is to plant an undercover agent at the event. A computer search identifies Gracie as the female FBI agent best qualified to take the role, and the cover for her is to be a replacement for Miss New Jersey, as the original would have been disqualified after she was discovered to have been in a porn film, although Gracie pays little attention to her femininity. Beauty pageant coach Victor Melling ( Michael Caine ), whose reputation was ruined after his last contestant criticized his methods, teaches the tomboyish Gracie how to dress, walk, and act like a contestant. She is unused to such behavior, however, and sees the pageant and its participants as "outdated and anti-feminist", but despite being appalled at first, she comes to appreciate Victor's thoroughness. Gracie enters the pageant as "Gracie Lou Freebush", representing New Jersey, and soon becomes an unexpected friend of Cheryl Frasier ( Heather Burns ), who is Miss Rhode Island. As the pageant begins, Gracie impresses the audience and judges during the talent competition by playing the glass harp and demonstrating self-defense techniques, when the other girls drink out of the glass harp. Several suspects are identified, including competition director and former pageant winner Kathy Morningside ( Candice Bergen ), her unpleasant assistant Frank Tobin ( Steve Monroe ), veteran MC Stan Fields ( William Shatner ) and Cheryl, who has a history of being a radical animal rights activist. Gracie tries to dig into Cheryl's past when she accompanies her to a party with the other contestants, but inadvertently finds out that Kathy's past as a pageant contestant is suspect when she learns about a previous contest that Kathy won after the contest's leader suddenly came down with food poisoning. Gracie comes to think that Kathy may actually be a copycat of "The Citizen", but when she reports these suspicions to Eric and the rest of the team, she finds out that "The Citizen" has been arrested elsewhere on an unrelated charge. With no further threat identified, the supervisor has pulled the mission, but Gracie still suspects that something is wrong, and turns in her badge and gun in order to continue the pageant investigation alone. Just as Eric is about to board the plane back to the Bureau, he receives information that appears to confirm Gracie's suspicions, and disobeys orders by returning to San Antonio to help her continue the investigation. In the pageant's final round, Gracie surprises everyone, including herself, by being named first runner-up, while Cheryl is crowned as Miss United States, but as she goes to collect the winner's tiara, Gracie realizes that Frank, who is actually Kathy's son, impersonated "The Citizen" when he made the bomb threat against the pageant. Gracie tries to tell Victor, but he just brightens her remarks up and doesn't take her seriously. She next tries constantly to whisper her findings to Eric as she gets up on the stage, but he too is unable to grasp her statements. She then grabs the tiara off Cheryl and throws it up toward the stage's scenery, where it explodes. As Kathy and Frank are both arrested, Gracie determines that they had wanted to kill the winner of the pageant on stage as an act of revenge for Kathy being terminated from the Miss United States organization. That night, Gracie and Eric both make preparations to return to headquarters with a new-found interest in each other. At the post-pageant breakfast the next morning, the contestants name Gracie as "Miss Congeniality". 
 The 6th Day (2000)651) A man meets a clone of himself and stumbles into a grand conspiracy about clones taking over the world. In the near future, cloning is now technically advanced, but human cloning is still illegal. Adam Gibson (Schwarzenegger) returns home after working with his friend Hank Morgan (Rapaport), only to find a clone of himself with his family. Before he has chance to find out the truth, he is attacked by a group who want him dead. Adam must escape and find out the truth from the creator of the clones, Michael Drucker (Goldwyn). Adam knows for sure he couldn't have been cloned, but isn't ready for what he's about to hear. simon Set in the near future, where cloning is carried out on everything except humans. Adams Gibson is a family man whose life is shattered when he finds himself cloned illegally by Replacement Technologies, a cloning conglomerate. Adam sets out to find who and why he was cloned, as he tries to get his life back. But the firm's sinister men are after Adam to murder him before he lets out their secret. The real join hands with his impostor to fight back against the laser gun wielding thugs and financially powerful Replacement Technologies to get his family and identity back. Radhakrishnan In the near future, cloning technology is highly developed and the corporation Replacement Technologies owned by the wealthy Michael Drucker is responsible for cloning pets in RePet shops. However there is a law called Sixth Day that prohibits human cloning and many groups and movements that are against any type of cloning. When Drucker needs to travel to a remote location, he hires the professional helicopter pilots Adam Gibson and his friend Hank Morgan, requesting an eye test from them first. However Hamk flies since it is Adam's birthday; the family dog has just died and he is thinking about the possibility of cloning the animal for his daughter. Adam decides to by a doll called Cindy instead but when he arrives home, he finds that Olive and him have been cloned. Further, he is hunted down by four professional killers and he needs to flee. What happened to Adam and why was he cloned? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the world of the very near future, cattle, fish, and even the family pet can be cloned. But cloning humans is illegal - that is until family man Adam Gibson comes home from work one day to find a clone has replaced him. Taken from his family and plunged into a sinister world he doesn't understand, Gibson must not only save himself from the assassins who must now destroy him to protect their secret, but uncover who and what is behind the horrible things happening to him. JACKAL93 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Adam Gibson ( Arnold Schwarzenegger ) wakes on his birthday with his lovely wife. Adam's daughter informs him she wants a Simdoll, a lifelike, life-sized doll that acts almost human. The parents notice that the elderly family dog is not well, and express concern about it dying and how sad their daughter would be. It can be replaced by Repet, an animal cloning service, but Adam doesn't trust clones. Cloning knowledge is held by the multinational corporation Replacement Technologies. Human cloning is technically possible, but illegal. Adam thinks his daughter should just learn to accept death as a part of life, rather than being cushioned from it. Arriving at his helicopter piloting business, he and his partner Hank Morgan ( Michael Rapaport ) learn they are to transport Replacement Technologies CEO Michael Drucker ( Tony Goldwyn ). Oddly, the CEO's staff requires the pilots to sign several forms, as well as a small blood test and an eye screening, before the flight can be undertaken. Bemused, the pilots submit to the tests. Adam's wife calls with the news that the dog was so ill it had to be put down, and begs him to get a Repet for their daughter. Adam will not commit to it. Drucker has specifically asked for Adam to fly him due to his reputation, but ambitious Hank begs to be the big man this one time. Adam agrees, introduces Hank to Drucker as Adam Gibson, and Hank flies Drucker. Unfortunately, their landing atop a snowy mountain is met by a group of fundamentalists who believe that cloning is immoral and Drucker must die. The party is wiped out. Adam awakens confused in a taxicab that he does not remember entering. He assumes he fell asleep, and directs the cab to the Repet center so he can find out about cloning the dog. After hearing the sales pitch, he becomes convinced and is about to order the dog when the salesman shocks him by saying he remembered Adam coming into the shop earlier. Adam is disoriented and decides to get the Simdoll for his daughter instead. He returns home and is about to open his front door when he sees through the window - a surprise birthday party, starring a man who looks just like him, with his family and friends. Before he has chance to find out what is happening, he is grabbed by a group of thugs. These people plainly want him dead. After a drawn-out chase by car and on foot, he loses them and goes to Hank's condo. After Adam encounters Hank's virtual girlfriend and pet cat Sadie, Hank arrives. However, they are interrupted by another religious fanatic who accuses them of being abominations. The two men return to Adam's home to see what is happening. While Adam is busy elsewhere, Hank watches Adam's wife in the detached garage giving the Adam-lookalike his birthday present, cigars (which are illegal and an incredible crime to possess), and then seducing him in their car. Adam is livid. He realizes the other Adam must be a clone, but he does not want to disrupt his family's peace by charging in to have it out with the guy. In the meantime, the thugs continue trying to kill him. When they die during attempts, Drucker clones them and puts them on the mission again. All is not well within Replacement Technologies. Drucker is working on a US Senator whose young son is dying, offering him a human clone of the boy for manipulative purposes. Dr. Griffin Weir ( Robert Duvall ), the inventor of cloning, is unhappily discovering the seamier side of the business. His poor wife is dying from a horrible illness ... and evidently not for the first time. She begs him not to clone her again, saying that she has suffered enough. He discovers that Drucker has been deliberately inserting defective gene sequences into clones so that they "expire" within five years, in order to keep "control" of the illegal human clones. Weir wants out - Drucker refuses. Exasperated by the failed attempts to kill Adam, Drucker has his wife and daughter picked up and brought to Replacement Technologies headquarters. Adam is forced to ally with his clone to rescue his family. The pair sneak, fight and shoot their way up through the corporate building, passing by the huge tanks where human clones are grown. When he finally confronts Drucker, he gets shocking news. He finds that HE is the clone, not the other Adam. Nevertheless, he continues to fight in order to get his wife and daughter to safety. Drucker is fatally wounded in one encounter, and begins preparing a replacement clone. Adam shows up before it is ready, and Drucker is forced to activate it anyway. The half-completed, malformed clone is revealed to be as selfish and self-centered as the original Drucker, but Drucker still gives his all to keep the new Drucker clone alive. Refusing to give up, both die in the end. His wife and daughter are rescued without ever seeing the two Adams together, so they do not have to know what has happened. With the real Adam's permission, the clone Adam goes home and says goodbye to "his" wife and daughter, knowing he will never see them again. The real Adam waves goodbye as the Adam clone heads to Argentina, taking one of the company helicopters to start a branch office and a new life. 
 Private Parts (1997)Summaries The autobiographical story of Howard Stern, the radio rebel who is now also a TV personality, an author and a movie star. Having always wanted to be a disc-jockey, Howard Stern works his way painfully from radio at his 1970's college to a Detroit station. It is with a move to Washington that he hits on an outrageous off-the-wall style that catches audience attention. Despite his on-air blue talk, at home he is a loving husband. He needs all the support he can get when he joins NBC in New York and comes up against a very different vision of radio. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gangland (2001)Summaries In 2010 three heroes battle to survive in a city which is being controlled by an evil gang. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 