nm0002127:

 Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (1999 )541) This series follows the Special Victims Unit, a specially trained squad of detectives in the N.Y.P.D., who investigate sexually related crimes. In the criminal justice system, sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous. In New York City, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as the Special Victims Unit. These are their stories. John Craig Based out of the New York City Police Department's 16th precinct in Manhattan, Law and Order: Special Victims Unit delves into the dark side of the New York underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit (SVU for short), investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes including rape, pedophilia, and domestic violence. They also investigate the abuses of children, the disabled and elderly victims of non-sexual crimes who may require special handling, all while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own personal lives. Its stories also touch on the political and societal issues associated with gender identity, sexual preferences, and equality rights. While the victim is often murdered, this is not always the case, and victims frequently play prominent roles in episodes. The unit also works with the Manhattan District Attorney's Office Sex Crimes Bureau as they prosecute cases and seek justice for SVU's victims and survivors with precision and a passion to win and bring closure to the intense investigations. The series often uses stories that are "ripped from the headlines" or based on real crimes. Such episodes take a real crime and fictionalize it by changing some details. This show delves into the dark side of the New York City underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit, investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes, while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own lives. Brian Barjenbruch Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based out of the New York City Police Department's 16th precinct in Manhattan, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit delves into the dark side of the New York underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit (SVU for short), investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes including rape, pedophilia, and domestic violence. They also investigate the abuses of children, the disabled and elderly victims of non-sexual crimes who may require special handling, all while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own personal lives. Its stories also touch on the political and societal issues associated with gender identity, sexual preferences, and equality rights. While the victim is often murdered, this is not always the case, and victims frequently play prominent roles in episodes. The unit also works with the Manhattan District Attorney's Office Sex Crimes Bureau as they prosecute cases and seek justice for SVU's victims and survivors with precision and a passion to win and bring closure to the intense investigations. The series often uses stories that are "ripped from the headlines" or based on real crimes. Such episodes take a real crime and fictionalize it by changing some details. Originally the show focused around the detective pairing of Elliot Stabler (played by Christopher Meloni ) and Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay ). Stabler is a seasoned veteran of the unit who has seen it all and tries his best to protect his family from the horrors he sees every day. His partner Benson's difficult past as the child of a rape victim is the reason she joined the unit. The series also focused on the secondary detective pairing of John Munch (played by Richard Belzer ) and Brian Cassidy (played by Dean Winters ). Munch is a veteran of the job as a transfer from Baltimore's homicide unit, who brings his acerbic wit, conspiracy theories, and street-honed investigative skills whilst Cassidy is new to the job is young but eager to learn from his fellow detectives. Both Benson/Stabler and Munch/Cassidy often received support from Detectives Monique Jeffries (played by Michelle Hurd ) and Ken Briscoe (played by Chris Orbach ). However, when Cassidy transferred to Narcotics after just thirteen episodes in, Jeffries was then partnered with Munch for the remainder of Season One and Briscoe was eventually phased out. At the beginning of season two, Munch was then permanently partnered with Detective Odafin "Fin" Tutuola (played by Ice-T ), whose unique yet sometimes vulgar sense of humor and investigative experience make him a formidable match for Munch. In Season 13, there were big cast changes happening with Stabler having retired in the aftermath of the Season 12 finale, until he reappears in season 22, leading him to join NYPD's Organized Crime Control Bureau. Detectives Nick Amaro and Amanda Rollins joined the team filling the void left by Stabler. Amaro brought empathy to his cases while dealing with stressful home life, while Rollins had dogged persistence and instincts to help her close cases, but also secrets that could derail her career. Season 16 was another period of change with the introduction of Dominick "Sonny" Carisi, Jr ( Peter Scanavino ) at the beginning and leaving of Amaro at the end. Carisi brought a fresh outlook and distinctive style of investigation to the squad and was training to be a lawyer. Following Carisi's move to the DA's office in season 21, Vice Officer Katriona "Kat" Tamin (played by Jamie Gray Hyder ) joined the team after assisting on several cases, eventually getting promoted to detective. At the start of season 23, Tamin and Garland both resign from the NYPD after becoming disillusioned with the system's failures and systematic bias within the department, with Tamin being replaced by Detective Joe Velasco (played by Octavio Pisano ). These detectives were supervised by veteran Captain Donald Cragen (played by Dann Florek ) who oversaw the team for seasons 1-15. Cragen's tough but supportive approach to the team's complex cases guides the squad through the challenges they face every day. During season 15, both Munch and Cragen retired from the NYPD, leaving Benson, after being promoted to Sergeant, to take control of the unit; she would later be promoted to Lieutenant at the start of season 17 and then Captain at the start of season 21. Also introduced in season 16 was Deputy Chief William Dodds (played by Peter Gallagher ), who served as commanding officer for the Special Victims Units in all five boroughs of New York. Dodds also departed the series at the start of the season, allowing new deputy chief Christian Garland (played by Demore Barnes ) to take his place. Dodds' son Mike (played by Andy Karl ) transferred into Special Victims as Sergeant in season 17, becoming Benson's second-in-command until his death at the end of the season; Fin later passes the Sergeant's exam during season 18 and is officially promoted in Mike's place in season 19. Also on the team's payroll is former FBI Special Agent Dr. George Huang (played by BD Wong ) and Medical Examiner Dr. Melinda Warner (played by Tamara Tunie ). From Season 4 Huang became the resident psychiatrist for the Special Victims Unit, Huang helps keep the officers sane in a field that could drive ordinary people mad. He has also served as the squad's resident criminal profiler, and his insights into the criminal mind have often helped the officers to crack the toughest perps, while Warner has become an integral part of the Manhattan Special Victims Unit, and her personal skills have contributed to the unit's high success rate in closing cases. Huang and Warner would both depart at the end of season 12 after being reassigned to Oklahoma City, but has returned for occasional guest appearances. The Special Victims Unit did not receive a full-time assistant district attorney until season two when Alexandra Cabot (played by Stephanie March ) was assigned to work with the detectives. After Cabot's departure in season five, she was replaced by Casey Novak (played Diane Neal ), who remained as the A.D.A. until the end of season nine. Kim Greylek (played by Michaela McManus ) became the permanent A.D.A. in the season ten premiere until Cabot made a return midway through that season when Greylek departed. Cabot remained the A.D.A. through the second half of season eleven. After Cabot's departure, the A.D.A. void was filled by Sonya Paxton (played by Christine Lahti ) and Jo Marlowe (played by Sharon Stone ) until the conclusion of season eleven. Gillian Hardwicke (played by Melissa Sagemiller ) served as the SVU ADA during season twelve. In season thirteen, both Cabot and Novak returned as ADAs. From the beginning of season fourteen, ADA Rafael Barba (played by Ral Esparza ) was SVU's prosecutor, until leaving halfway through season nineteen. Chicago Justice's Peter Stone (played by Philip Winchester ) became SVU's ADA after Chicago Justice (2017) was canceled after only one season. In the season 21 premiere, Carisi eventually became the SVU's ADA after finally passing the bar and becoming a lawyer. 
 Leaving Las Vegas (1995)431) Ben Sanderson, a Hollywood screenwriter who lost everything because of his alcoholism, arrives in Las Vegas to drink himself to death. There, he meets and forms an uneasy friendship and non-interference pact with prostitute Sera. Because his wife left him and took his son with her, screenwriter Ben Sanderson has started drinking, a lot. He's getting more and more isolated and he troubles women in bars because he wants to have sex with them. When he gets fired, he decides to leave everything behind and move to Las Vegas and drink himself to death. In Las Vegas he meets Sera, a prostitute with some problems as well who he moves in with. Marco van Hoof <k_luifje7@hotmail.com> Once a successful Hollywood screenwriter, Ben Sanderson is in a quick downward spiral, which is outwardly exhibited by his excessive drinking to the exclusion of all else. After he completes his life in Los Angeles to his satisfaction, which includes him burning all his painful personal memories, Ben decides to move to Las Vegas where he will literally drink himself to death. There, he hires a high end hooker named Sera. Despite it being a less than successful sexual encounter, Sera and Ben feel a connection which eventually turns into love. A lonely woman, Sera has a destructive relationship with her sadistic pimp/lover, Yuri, who has his own dangerous criminal problems. Sera and Ben decide to live together for whatever time they have together, that relationship based on the mutual trust each has for the other in not changing the other's life or path, which outwardly may be more difficult for Sera as it means watching Ben die. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ben Sanderson (Cage) is a Hollywood agent who has lost everything because of his alcoholism. He loses his job, his family, and decides to commit suicide by alcohol consumption in Las Vegas. After arriving, he meets Sera (Shue), a prostitute, and a deep friendship and understanding develops between them. The movie begins with Ben 'first' shopping for beer, then, in a restaurant. He borrows some money from his colleague Peter (Richard Lewis), and then proceeds directly to a bar and starts drinking. He attempts to pick up a pretty girl (Valeria Golino) and fails. After leaving the bar he visits a prostitute, and succeeds only in getting his wedding ring stolen. He is fired from his job for alcohol related issues and is given a large severance package. When his boss asks him what he is going to do next, Ben responds "I thought I'd move out to Las Vegas". He goes home and starts emptying his house by stuffing bedding in garbage bags, and creating a bonfire in his backyard on which he burns photographs, clothes, passport and other possessions. He then leaves for Las Vegas. As he drives his BMW drunkenly down the Las Vegas Strip, he almost hits a woman in the crosswalk (who turns out to be Sera) who chastises him. Ben checks himself into a sleazy motel called The Whole Year Inn. However, as he looks at this the wording changes to "The Hole You're In". Sera (Elisabeth Shue) is a Las Vegas prostitute who works for a pimp, Yuri Butso (Julian Sands), a Latvian immigrant. Yuri and Sera "share a volatile relationship where Yuri is the dominator and Sera is the masochist."[2] Polish mobsters are after Yuri for an unknown matter; therefore, Yuri breaks his relationship with Sera in fear that the Poles may hurt her. It frees Sera to continue to build her relationship with Ben. On his second day in Las Vegas, Ben finds Sera, on the same street where he met her, introduces himself and offers her $500 to go to his room for an hour. Sera agrees to go to his room, but she gets confused when Ben does not want to have sex with her. Instead, they just talk, and in the process they create an odd relationship with each other. Their relationship, however, is ultimately doomed; Sera has to promise Ben that she will never ask him to stop drinking, and Ben is not allowed to criticize Sera's occupation. At first the two are generally stable. Ben states that he is "totally at ease with this (Sera's prostitution)." However, after spending some time together, they both become more and more frustrated with the other's behavior. Over time, Sera attempts to get Ben to eat healthily but Ben refuses to even notice these actions as he stumbles for more alcohol. Finally, Sera becomes so fed up with Ben's alcoholism that she begs him to see a doctor. Ben, furious but far too intoxicated to express his feelings, goes out and brings another prostitute (played by Mariska Hargitay) back to Sera's house. Sera returns home to find them together and throws Ben out. Shortly afterwards, she is raped and beaten by three teenagers, and the injuries she sustains make her occupation publicly obvious. After being evicted, Sera receives a telephone call from Ben, who is on his deathbed. She goes to visit Ben and they have sex. They fall asleep, and when Ben wakes up, he looks across at Sera, who is lying on top of him, and dies while holding her as she sleeps. 
 Tales from Earthsea (2006)Summaries In a mythical land, a man and a young boy investigate a series of unusual occurrences. Something bizarre has come over the land. The kingdom is deteriorating. People are beginning to act strange... What's even more strange is that people are beginning to see dragons, which shouldn't enter the world of humans. Due to all these bizarre events, Ged, a wandering wizard, is investigating the cause. During his journey, he meets Prince Arren, a young distraught teenage boy. While Arren may look like a shy young teen, he has a severe dark side, which grants him strength, hatred, ruthlessness and has no mercy, especially when it comes to protecting Teru. For the witch Kumo this is a perfect opportunity. She can use the boy's "fears" against the very one who would help him, Ged. Anime News Network It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lake Placid (1999)431) Three people attempt to stop a gigantic crocodile, who is terrorizing residents in Black Lake, Maine. Shortly after the horrifying underwater attack in Maine's Black Lake, the local Fish and Game officer, Jack Wells, enlists the help of the New York City palaeontologist, Kelly Scott, to investigate. With only a mangled body as their starting point, Jack and Kelly embark on a dangerous mission to find the mysterious creature, as Sheriff Hank Keough, a mythology professor, and an eccentric inhabitant all want to locate the elusive predator first. But, something deadly is lurking beneath the silent pond, and it's already taken a liking to the juicy human flesh. What is the secret of Lake Placid? Nick Riganas Lake Placid - Well it would be, but; "somebody said that name was taken." At least according to the local Sheriff. When a man is eaten alive by an unknown creature, the local Game Warden (Pullman) teams up with a paleontologist (Fonda) from New York to find the beast. Add to the mix an eccentric philanthropist with a penchant for "Crocs" (Platt), and here we go! This quiet, remote lake is suddenly the focus of an intense search for a crocodile with a taste for live animals...and people! J.D. Keith <jkeith@compunet.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Lincoln County, Maine, a marine Fish and Game officer is attacked and bitten in half by something unseen in Black Lake. Sheriff Hank Keough ( Brendan Gleeson ), Fish and Game officer Jack Wells ( Bill Pullman ), American Museum of Natural History paleontologist Kelly Scott ( Bridget Fonda ), and mythology professor/crocodile enthusiast Hector Cyr ( Oliver Platt ) go to the lake to investigate. A series of strange events occur, including Kelly and Hank's canoe mysteriously flying into the air and flipping, the discovery of a severed toe and a severed Moose head, and the decapitation of a Fish and Game deputy. Later, as Hank and Hector argue, a giant saltwater crocodile leaps out of the water and drags a nearby bear into the lake. Jack, Kelly, and Hank visit Delores Bickerman ( Betty White ), one of few people living on the lake. After finding the deputy's severed head, they witness her feeding a blindfolded cow to the enormous crocodile. Delores reveals that she has been feeding the crocodile for years after it followed her husband home. It eventually killed him. She is placed under house arrest for initially lying to the police. Hector decides to take one of Hank's deputies ( Meredith Salenger ) on a trip in the helicopter, and lands the helicopter in the cove where the crocodile lives. While he is diving, it attacks him, but he escapes. Jack and Hank plan to allow Florida Fish and Game to kill the crocodile when they arrive, but Hector suggests instead that he lure it out of the water and drug it. Jack reluctantly accepts the proposal, and they use one of Delores' cows, dangled from the helicopter, as bait. After a few hours, the crocodile lunges at the cow. Hector pulls up, loses the cow, and crashes the helicopter into the lake. The crocodile comes on land and attacks Jack and Kelly. Kelly is knocked into the lake, but she makes it to the helicopter just in time. Despite Hector and Kelly's protests to let the animal live, Jack grabs a gun and shoots it. The gun is revealed to be a tranquilizer rifle. As Hector comes out of the water, a second crocodile attacks him, but Hank blows it up with his grenade launcher. Florida Fish and Game officers arrive seconds later. They load the crocodile on a truck and take it to Portland, Maine to figure out what to do with it. The last scene shows Delores feeding bread crumbs to many baby crocodiles, implying the two adults were a mating pair. During the end credits, the surviving adult crocodile is seen tied to the back of a flat-bed truck, speeding down a road 