nm0010529:

 The Holcroft Covenant (1985)44) The son of a German General becomes part of a mysterious conspiracy to gain hidden Nazi funds. Noel Holcroft is a foreign-born American citizen working in New York City as an architect. In Geneva, he meets with a respected Swiss banker who tells him he has been designated to be executor of a huge four and a half billion dollar trust fund designed to make reparations for the war crimes of the Nazis. Holcroft's father, who committed suicide in 1945, was a key Hitler financial advisor, who became conscience-stricken about German war atrocities, turned against the Fhrer, and covertly diverted Nazi funds to a secret Swiss account. Under the terms of the covenant, Holcroft must locate the sons of his father's two associates so they can jointly activate their fathers' account. They battle the sinister forces seem to be trying to prevent them from signing the document, as it is believed that it will be used to establish a Fourth Reich. duke1029@aol.com In 1945, the children of the Third Reich were secretly hidden all over the world to be concealed until the 1970s, when they would come of age. Then the most elaborate plans and seven hundred eighty million dollars in a Swiss bank would be waiting. There would even be an unsuspecting outsider to set the plan into action. That outsider is Noel Holcroft, the American son of a high-ranking Nazi. He's just been shown an amazing document, "The Holcroft Covenant". If he signs, it will be his own death warrant and a devastating threat to the security of the world. A man who was a confidant of Adolf Hitler dies and leaves a fortune to make amends for his Nazi past--but his son has to search the world to find it. frankfob2@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Whistleblowers (2007 )Summaries Ben Graham and Alisha Cole are two lawyers are about to witness something that will take them into a world of few moral certainties. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 McDonald's: The Gift (2019 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again (2018)44) Five years after the events of Mamma Mia! (2008) , Sophie prepares for the grand reopening of the Hotel Bella Donna as she learns more about her mother's past. Discover Donna's (Meryl Streep, Lily James) young life, experiencing the fun she had with the three possible dads of Sophie (Amanda Seyfriend). As she reflects on her mom's journey, Sophie finds herself to be more like her mother than she ever even realized. Brian Tristam Williams In this musical romantic comedy, a woman grapples with running her mother's villa while also expecting her first child, and worries that she won't be able to handle everything on her own, so she enlists two of her mother's friends for assurance, help, and guidance. Along the way, she learns more about her mother's past and now faces a surprise visit from someone she's never met: her own grandmother. Starring Amanda Seyfried, Meryl Streep, Pierce Brosnan, Colin Firth, Stellan Skarsgrd, and Christine Baranski, and written and directed by Ol Parker. Sophie Sheridan (Amanda Seyfried) is preparing for the grand reopening of her mother Donna's (Meryl Streep's) hotel, following Donna's death a year earlier. She is upset because two of her fathers, Harry (Colin Firth) and Bill (Stellan Skarsgrd), are unable to make it to the reopening and she is having trouble in her relationship with Sky (Dominic Cooper), who is in New York City, over her memorializing her mother's life. In 1979, a young Donna (Lily James) graduated from Oxford's New College with Rosie (Alexa Davies) and Tanya (Jessica Keenan Wynn), and prepares to travel the world. In Paris, she meets and parties with Harry (Hugh Skinner). They spend the night together, but Donna leaves soon afterwards. She later misses her boat to Kalokairi, but is offered a ride by Bill (Josh Dylan), and along the way, they are able to help a stranded fisherman, Alexio (Gerard Monaco), make it in time to stop the love of his life from marrying another. Unbeknownst to Donna, Harry has followed her to Greece; but he arrived too late, and sadly watches the boat sailing off in the distance. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 