nm0009673:

 El Conserje (2022)Summaries The ghost of his dead wife ruins all his dates, but this janitor is determined to find love again. When a series of robberies take place in his building, he is paired with his nerdy neighbor to find the thief, only to find that this weird girl might be what he has been looking for. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 South Beach (2006)Summaries Two best friends from Brooklyn move to glamorous, decadent South Beach, Miami. Matt is escaping a troubled home, Vince is escaping trouble. After his own, gambling father squandered his college savings, New York good guy Matt Evans moves to the fancy resort Southbeach in Florida, where his former girlfriend Arielle Casta is trying to make it as a model, and gets a challenging job in Elizabeth Bauer's hot night club-hotel as security officer and general right hand, making her son Alex terribly jealous. He is followed by his best mate Vincent 'Vince', an incorrigible flirt who keeps flirting with disloyalty as well, even after he gets employed as bodyguard by the honorable gangster Robert Fuentes, who attracts danger for both friends. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gehenna (2016)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lovestruck (2016)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 