nm0008160:

 The Aquarium (2008)211) A 48-hour journey into Modern Cairo following the parallel lives of Youssef and Leila. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It all takes place in Cairo, today. The action takes place over 48 hours. Laila is 32 and works as a radio-presentator. People call her on her show Night Secrets to reveal their innermost secrets. She plays squash; she swims; sometimes she writes stories for children and she sometimes goes out with her friend to discos. She lives with her mother and her brother. Youssef is an anaesthetist. He is about 35. In the morning he works in a perfectly respectable private hospital. At night he works in an illegal abortion clinic. His father is dying of cancer. Youssef likes to hear his patients delirium, just before they go into deep anesthesia. When they wake up, he tells them everything they have said. He also likes to listen to Lailas radio-programme.Sometimes, he spends part of his nights with a woman he likes, but he doesnt love her enough to spend the whole night with her. He lives in his car. Two characters, who dont know each other and who will meet. Their lives will not change drastically. They will just realise how lonely they are. 
 18 Days (2011)321) Ten separate stories about the Egyptian Revolution of 2011. 10 Separate stories about the "25 January " revolution and the Egyptian people in the revolution, the protests against the previous President Hosni Mubarak and the departure of President Hosni Mubarak and also displays what happened in Tahrir Square since the start of the sit-in. Waleed Elkady Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Egyptian citizens caught in the centre of a turbulent revolution: patients at a mental institution, street vendor, a couple with divided political positions, etc. There's no good or bad person, it is humanity at trial fate is unfolding before them. 
 Dokkan Shehata (2008)Summaries Dokan shehata is a movie about the good abd bad in life, And how life will be when ther are jealous and hatred between brothers. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chaos, This Is (2007)Summaries Egyptian movie deals with the issue of corruption in Egypt and the Egyptian police excesses, embodies all of this in the character of the police officer, "Hatem". Choubra, cosmopolitan neighborhood of Cairo. Hatem, maggoty police officer, handles this neighborhood with an iron hand. Every single citizen fears and hates him. Only Nour, a young woman he lusts after, dares stand up to him. But Nour is secretly in love with Cherif, brilliant and uncorrupted deputy public prosecutor. Green with envy, Hatem comes between. He wants Nour for himself. He whipsaws her and turns her life into a nightmare. The story of a frustrated love like Choubra experiences some since the mists of time. Hassan Said It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 