nm0005388:

 God Bless America (2011)541) On a mission to rid society of its most repellent citizens, terminally ill Frank makes an unlikely accomplice in 16-year-old Roxy. Loveless, jobless, possibly terminally ill, Frank has had enough of the downward spiral of America. With nothing left to lose, Frank takes his gun and offs the stupidest, cruelest, and most repellent members of society. He finds an unusual accomplice: 16-year-old Roxy, who shares his sense of rage and disenfranchisement. Anonymous The plot revolves around the monotonous life of Frank a man who has simply had enough of stupid, cruel and repellent members of society and therefore decides to kill a few (28). As he mercilessly exacts his first murder, a young teenage girl, Roxy, witnesses and decides to tag along. Together they go on a killing spree to rid society of anyone they find of no "real" use. Charles-Emmanuel Alley Divorced Frank Murdoch is dismayed by the state of American culture, where being mean and/or inconsiderate are often valued and rewarded, as shown by the plethora of reality television stars who are given their own highly paid public and celebrated forums to act this way. His own act of what he considers kindness does not result in what he expects. Although he loves his adolescent daughter Ava, she often throws tantrums which are supported by the way Frank's ex-wife treats her. On top of everything, he suffers from insomnia and migraine headaches, which are exacerbated by the actions of his inconsiderate neighbors. When he receives a terminal brain tumor diagnosis which is the probable cause of the headaches and insomnia, he decides to kill one of the people who he feels contributes to this cultural decline, before he takes his own life. But following that murder, he meets high school student Roxy Harmon, a product of an unloving home life, she who convinces Frank to continue his murdering ways with her as his partner. Unlike Frank who wants to remain anonymous while the world knows why these people were murdered, Roxy wants to kill anyone whose beliefs she does not agree with, and wants the notoriety from the killings. The question becomes how long this odd couple can survive together with their slightly divergent reasons for doing what they're doing. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. So here is the wrap up of the movie: It starts off showing a man named Frank living in an apartment alone next to a noisy couple and their baby. He daydreams about breaking into their apartment with a shotgun and killing them. Next, he is seen watching TV, and he is seen disappointed with everything shown, especially when a show named American Stars (a parody of American idol) shows a kid's dreams getting crushed after his "hilarious" singing. He is shown going to work the next day, and all his co-workers are talking about the kid in American Stars, and how funny it was. Frank daydreams about killing all this co-workers with a pistol. He is soon called to his boss's office where he is fired and after he goes to his doctor where he is diagnosed with cancer. Deep in depression, he decides to commit suicide, but before he does, he accidentally turns on the TV to show a sweet 16 show with a spoiled brat who cusses at her parents and hates them. With anger, he grabs his gun and steals the neighbors car. He ends up killing her, and drives to the ... JUST WATCH THE MOVIE, IT IS ON NETFLIX... 
 Shelter (II) (2007)321) When his college dreams are sidelined by family obligations, a young man finds comfort in surfing with his best friend's brother. Forced to give up his dreams of art school, Zach spends his days working a dead-end job and helping his needy sister care for her son. In his free time he surfs, draws and hangs out with his best friend, Gabe, who lives on the wealthy side of town. When Gabe's older brother, Shaun, returns home, he is drawn to Zach's selflessness and talent. Zach falls in love with Shaun while struggling to reconcile his own desires with the needs of his family. bill stephens Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Zach (Trevor Wright) skateboarding, stopping occasionally to take photographs and spray-paint silhouette graffiti. He arrives home and is greeted by his sister Jean (Tina Holmes) and her son Cody (Jackson Wurth). Jean is headed out, forcing Zach to take Cody with him to the diner where he works. At the end of his shift Zach takes Cody to the rich part of town (Zach, Cody and Jean all live together in the poor suburbs) and meets up with his friend Gabe (Ross Thomas). Zach drops Gabe off with some friends who he is travelling with back to college. Zach and Cody head home. Zach goes surfing. That evening he goes home to do some painting. The next day he waits with Cody outside the supermarket while Jean finishes her shift. Cody thinks Zach is his father, since Zach always takes care of him, but Zach reminds Cody he is his uncle. That night Jean heads out again with friends leaving Zach once again taking care of Cody. Zach calls his off-again-on-again (and currently off) girlfriend Tori (Katie Walder) but she is at a party and the connection is bad, meaning they can't understand each other. Jean arrives home with her boyfriend Allen (Matt Bushell) only to be admonished to keep quiet by Zach because Cody has just gone to bed. The next day Zach goes back to Gabe's house to fix a surfboard he has left there, only to find that Gabe's brother Shaun (Brad Rowe) is there. They go surfing together. As they are leaving, Tori arrives and invites Zach down to the beach to hang out with her friends. At the bonfire, one of the guys asks if Zach is gay, since he recently broke up with Tori, who is gorgeous. Zach and Shaun leave the fire and Shaun admits the reason he returned to town was because he just broke up with someone. Zach gives Tori a ride back to his place where they watch a movie. She tries to kiss him but is turned away. She is a little put off, so he tries to make it up to her, but she leaves. Meanwhile, Shaun is hunting around the house and finds a walkie-talkie as well as an old skating movie of Zach and Gabe. He talks into the walkie-talkie and is surprised when Zach picks up. These are the walkie-talkies that Zach and Gabe used to use years ago to communicate across town. Zach starts to draw on his bedroom wall, which he does when he is happy. Zach and Shaun meet up again the next day and go surfing again, at a spot Shaun has kept secret from Gabe and his friends, worried that they would trash it. They surf for a bit then stop for lunch. Zach ignores a call from Tori telling Shaun they are in 'limbo'. They return to Shaun's place and crash on the outdoor furniture, bonding over Zach's art and their mutual connection to Gabe. A playful wrestling match turns serious as Shaun kisses Zach. Zach wakes up the next morning beside Shaun, still outdoors, and immediately regrets what he has done. The normal life he has crafted has now been shattered. He flees. He goes home to find Jean waiting for him to take her to work. On the drive Zach talks about returning to art school. He applied a year ago but didn't get in. At the supermarket he meets Tori again. He tries to kiss her, but she pushes him away. He goes surfing again, this time checking out the guy dressing beside him. He stays out surfing late. He goes home to shower. Jean talks with him about hanging out with Shaun, who is gay, and says she 'doesn't want Cody around that'. She accuses Zach of being gay too. He dodges the question. At the beach with Tori and Cody, he runs into Shaun again. Shaun wants to talk about what happened between them, but Zach brushes him off. After the things Jean said about Shaun, Zach doesn't want to leave Cody alone with him, but Tori wants to talk about their relationship. Finally, Tori and Zach break up for good. Zach goes home to think and paint. He can't deny his feelings anymore. He drives to Shaun's house and they have sex. The next morning Zach still feels a little guilty, but sticks around until Shaun wakes up. On the drive home he finally accepts what's going on. He starts to draw a huge mural on a nearby shop as a way to express his feelings for Shaun. At home, Jean asks him why he is so happy. She knows he is sleeping with someone, and also knows it isn't Tori. Zach tells her it is no-one. She uses that fact to con him into babysitting again. Zach draws on his wall some more, then gets a call from Shaun inviting him to a meal at his place. Jean wants him to watch Cody, so he turns down Shaun's offer, only to have Shaun invite Cody along too. Zach and Cody go clothes shopping before the meal. Shaun asks Cody what he wants for dinner, then heads out to stock up on groceries, since he doesn't have any of that stuff in the house. He says kids deserve to be spoiled. Later, as Cody sleeps, Zach and Shaun talk about Zach's family. Shaun tries to hug Zach, but Zach pulls away, scared that Cody may see them. When he knows he won't, he finally succumbs. Zach takes Cody home, since Cody doesn't like to wake up in strange places. Shaun offers Zach an admission form for art school. A montage follows showing Zach and Shaun growing closer. Zach completes the mural on the shop wall as well as doing more drawings on his bedroom wall. Shaun and Zach are in bed together when they hear a noise. Gabe has arrived back from college. Zach hides in the bathroom while Shaun distracts Gabe, allowing Zach to sneak out. Gabe visits Zach at work (commenting on the shirt Zach is wearing, which happens to be Shaun's) and the three go surfing. Gabe runs off for some beer. Shaun touches Zach, who rebuffs him, worried that Gabe will see. At home, Jean confronts him about what he has been doing with Shaun. She convinces him that if he cares about their family, that he will break it off. That night, at a party and Gabe's house, Zach sits in the car and is approached by Shaun. He shuns Shaun, telling him he isn't sure that a relationship is what he wants. Shaun replies, 'It seems like what you want'. Both guys get emotional and Zach drives off. The next morning Zach is getting the diner ready for opening when Gabe comes by and tells him he knows all about Zach and Shaun, but that it doesn't change anything between them. Zach says it doesn't matter since he has broken up with Shaun. Confused, he goes to visit Tori, but she is with another guy and can't talk to him. Shaun tries to call Zach, but Zach ignores him. He is looking for his portfolio to send to the art school, but can't find it. Jean offers to help him get a job at the supermarket where she works. Zach watches as the mural he painted is painted over. He feels his life is falling apart. Jean tells him she is moving away with her boyfriend, and that they are leaving Cody behind. Zach learns Shaun submitted his portfolio, and that he has been accepted to art school. He travels to the campus. Later he meets up with Tori, prepared to tell her everything, but she already knows. In a roundabout way she tells him that even if it doesn't last, love is still worth it. Shaun is packing to leave, when he finds the walkie-talkie left by Zach. They talk, with Zach revealing himself to Shaun in the backyard. He's accepted the different parts of his life and wants Shaun to be a part of it. Zach tells Shaun that he got into art school, and that he got in a year ago, but turned it down because of his family commitments. They go to where Jean and her boyfriend are packing to leave. After the boyfriend maligns Cody, Zach attacks him, but Shaun and Jean separate them. Shaun goes inside to check on Cody, while the boyfriend takes a walk to clear his head. Zach tells Jean that Cody can stay with him and Shaun, or that Jean could stay behind. Jean admits Cody is better off with Shaun and Zach. Jean and her boyfriend leave, then so do Cody, Shaun and Zach. Some time later Zach, Cody and Shaun are all hanging out on the beach, playing, the implication being that everything turned out well. 
 National Treasure: Book of Secrets (2007)321) Benjamin Gates must follow a clue left in John Wilkes Booth 's diary to prove his ancestor's innocence in the assassination of Abraham Lincoln . Several years since Benjamin Franklin Gates (Nicolas Cage) found the Knight's Templar and became rich and famous. Now, another treasure hunter named Mitch Wilkinson (Ed Harris) has found what is a missing page of the diary of John Wilkes Booth, which contains clues to the location of a lost city of gold, Ben must compete against Mitch to find the lost city, he goes to France and Great Britain to find other clues and even peak inside the President's secret book to put the pieces of the puzzle together, his parents and his friends also help Ben find the lost city and to stay one step ahead of Mitch. John Wiggins Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Somebody uses a page from the diary of John Wilkes Booth to accuse Ben's ancestor. Ben follows an international chain of clues that takes him on a chase from Paris to London and ultimately back to America. This journey leads Ben and his crew not only to surprising revelations but to the trail of the worlds most treasured secrets. Five days after the end of the Civil War, John Wilkes Booth and Michael O'Laughlen, both members of the Knights of the Golden Circle (KGC), enter a tavern and approach Thomas Gates (Ben Gates' great-great-grandfather), a well-known puzzle solver, to decode a message written in Booth's diary. Thomas recognizes the message and begins to translate it. While he does so, Booth leaves for Ford's Theatre to assassinate President Abraham Lincoln. Thomas solves the puzzle, a clue to a map to Cibola, the city of gold, and realizes the men are still loyal to the South and have a sinister motive for finding the treasure. A fight breaks out, and Thomas rips several pages from the diary and throws them in the fireplace. Thomas is shot, and the gunman attempts to retrieve the pages, but only obtains a page fragment. As Thomas dies, Thomas tells his distraught son, Charles Gates, "The debt that all men pay..." Over 140 years later, Ben Gates (Nicolas Cage) is telling his great-great-grandfather's story at a Civilian Heroes conference. Black market dealer Mitch Wilkinson (Ed Harris), a Virginia Military Institute graduate, shows one of the 18 missing pages of John Wilkes Booth's diary, with Thomas Gates' name on it, convincing everyone that Thomas was not only a conspirator, but the grand architect of the Lincoln assassination, which tarnishes the Gates family's reputation and Ben is disgraced. Refusing to allow his ancestor's name to be tarnished, Ben discovers a cipher pointing to douard Laboulaye hidden on the back of the diary page. He travels to Paris, France, where he finds a clue engraved on the torch of the smaller model of the Statue of Liberty. He deciphers the hint is referring to the two Resolute desks. Ben then infiltrates Buckingham Palace with the help of his friend Riley Poole (Justin Bartha) and estranged girlfriend, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger) (His relationship with Abigail having soured due to him constantly predicting what she might want without even bothering to ask her, even if he is often correct in his assumptions). From the Queen's desk, he obtains an ancient wooden plank with ancient symbols carved into it. Meanwhile, Wilkinson breaks into Patrick Gates' (Jon Voight) house and clones Patrick's cell phone in order to track Ben's whereabouts. Wilkinson eventually obtains the wooden plank, but not before Ben manages to photograph the symbols carved into the plank. At Ben's insistence, Patrick reluctantly asks his ex-wife and Ben's mother, Dr. Emily Appleton (Helen Mirren) for help in translating the symbols. She does so, but points out that something is incomplete. There must be another part hidden in the other Resolute desk located in the Oval Office. Ben and Abigail coax Abigail's new love interest, Connor (Ty Burrell), who works at the White House, into letting them into the office to see the desk. Ben discovers that the second plank is missing, but he does find a stamp bearing the seal of the Book of Secrets. Riley tells Ben that the Book of Secrets contains documents collected by Presidents for Presidents' eyes only, covering such controversial subjects as the eighteen minutes erased from Watergate tapes, Area 51, and the assassination of John F. Kennedy. After he and his family set the situation up so that all other hotels where the party might take place are fully booked, Ben crashes the president's birthday party at Mount Vernon, where he meets the president (Bruce Greenwood). After showing him a map of Mt. Vernon drawn by George Washington, Ben convinces the president to follow him into a secret tunnel under the House where he confronts him about the book; the president sympathetically warns Ben that his actions will be interpreted as an attempt to kidnap the president, confirming a conclusion Ben and his companions have already reached; Ben is now wanted for committing a federal offense. Ben convinces the president to reveal the location of the book, which is at the Library of Congress. The President also tells Ben to read page 47 along with the information he needs. Shooting of the film in London In the book, Ben finds a picture of the missing plank from the desk and an entry by President Coolidge, who found the plank in 1924, had it destroyed, and commissioned Gutzon Borglum to carve Mount Rushmore to erase the map's landmarks in order to protect the treasure. Ben, Riley, Abigail, and Patrick head to Mount Rushmore where they meet Wilkinson, who has kidnapped Ben's mother. He helps them find the entrance of a cave containing the legendary Native American city of gold, Cbola. Once inside, they encounter several traps, and Ben, Abigail, Riley, and Wilkinson get separated from Ben's parents. Eventually, they find the city of gold behind Mount Rushmore. However, in order to leave the city of gold when it suddenly begins flooding, one person has to stay behind to hold open the stone door to the drainage tunnel beneath the city, an action which would result in certain death. Wilkinson demands to go first by threatening Abigail, so Ben agrees to stay behind. However the pounding of waves causes Wilkinson to be the one to stay behind, where he drowns in the cavern beneath the city. Ben clears his family's name with the discovery and is cleared of all charges when the president tells everyone that Ben did not kidnap him, but actually saved his life when the secret passage they were looking at was accidentally activated. Everyone including Wilkinson is given credit for the discovery of the Lost City of Gold. The president then asks Ben about what he read on page 47 of the Book of Secrets, to which Ben replies, "It's life-altering, sir." The last scene shows Riley walking down the street when he sees his towed car. He jumps in, and discovers a letter from the president. The back says "Tax Free." Riley reverses, and crashes. 
 Purgatory (1999 TV Movie)541) An outlaw band rides into a town that is actually Purgatory, between Heaven and Hell. An outlaw band flees a posse and rides into Refuge, a small town where no one carries a gun, drinks, or swears. The town is actually Purgatory, and the peaceful inhabitants are all famous dead outlaws and criminals such as Doc Holiday and Wild Bill Hickok who must redeem themselves before gaining admittance to Heaven...or screw up and go to Hell. The residents must either defend themselves against the outlaws and risk eternal damnation... or die a second time. <crow_steve@hotmail.com> The bank robbery of a town goes well for the gang led by Blackjack. Well to Blackjack is that they got the money from the bank even though innocent bystanders, townspeople and part of his gang were killed. With the town posse hot on their trail, they lose the bank money and head into a dust storm to evade the posse. When they come out, they find themselves entering the town of Refuge, whose people are friendly, helpful and unarmed. Being a gang of murderous desperadoes, except for the youngest member, they soon decide that they can do what they want. But Sonny sees a different view of the town and soon finds the truth about the townspeople and the town. Tony Fontana <tony.fontana@spacebbs.com> The Old West meets the Twilight Zone as a band of desperadoes led by Blackjack Britton, on the run after a failed robbery, ride into the town of Refuge. It is immediately noticeable that something is different as the town marshal doesn't carry a gun and the gang is offered free room, food, and drink but are cautioned not to swear. Slowly, the youngest member of the gang realizes that all of the townspeople are Wild Bill Hickok, Doc Holiday, and other dead gun-fighters that he has read about in his dime novels. He also meets a young woman, whom he learns was hung, that he falls in love with. This pits him and the now non-violent gun-fighters against the gang who decide that they can destroy the whole town. However they learn that there may be greater powers involved than their own John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is the late 1800s in a small, peaceful western town until a violent evil gang of bank robbers pay a visit. Led by ruthless, bloodthirsty Blackjack Britton (Eric Roberts), they take the bank. Things are progressing well, until a random troop of military soldiers ride into town. Then all hell breaks loose in the dusty little settlement. After the deadly shootout, the gang flees, only to be passionately chased by a large angry posse. Desperate, they ride straight through the night, but are unable to shake the mob who is determined to take them and hang them all. When the posse finally overtakes them, a running shootout begins, which eventaully kills the horse carrying all the money. Partially satisfied, the posse breaks off pursuit. Badly cut down, exhausted and without money, the dejected gang rides on, straight into a bizarre sandstorm. When the dust finally settles, they find themselves in a place no human eye has ever seen before. Here in this sleepy little town called Refuge, the people welcome them and invite them to take anything they want, absolutely free. It is a quiet little town, with no telegraph, and seemingly no guns or violence. The people look oddly familiar however. Why does that sheriff look like Wild Bill Hickock? Everyone knows he was killed almost ten years ago. And is that Billy The Kid? And Doc Holliday? Look, he looks like Jesse James! But arent they all dead? Who are they? One young man, Sonny (Brad Rowe) knows them all. He loves the Dime Store novels that write about all the outlaw heroes. Related to a member of the gang, Sonny wanted to join, until he saw how outlaw life really was. The only good guy in the dangerous group, he tries to befriend them, especially the mysterious Rose, a sweet young girl in town. He finally dismisses his crazy ideas that is, until late one night a mysterious coach arrives and drops off a woman, a woman who died in his arms in the bank robbery town! The coach vanishes into thin air, and Sonny begins a relentless pursuit of the truth, never dreaming where his search will lead, or what it will cost him. Welcome to Refuge. 