nm0005571:

 Coriolanus (2011)321) A banished hero of Rome allies with a sworn enemy to take his revenge on the city. The citizens of Rome are hungry. Coriolanus, the hero of Rome, a great soldier and a man of inflexible self-belief despises the people. His extreme views ignite a mass riot. Rome is bloody. Manipulated and out-maneuvered by politicians and even his own mother Volumnia, Coriolanus is banished from Rome. He offers his life or his services to his sworn enemy Tullus Aufidius. Icon Entertainment Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The citizens of Rome are hungry. Coriolanus, the hero of Rome, a great soldier and a man of inflexible self-belief despises the people. His extreme views ignite a mass riot. Rome is bloody. Manipulated and out-maneuvered by politicians and even his own mother Volumnia, Coriolanus is banished from Rome. He offers his life or his services to his sworn enemy Tullus Aufidius. 
 The Nurse (1997)Summaries A traumatized nurse plots revenge against a catatonic businessman, whom she blames for the death of her father. She integrates herself in to his family as his personal nurse and plots revenge by killing off his family members one by one. When her father kills himself and his family after being named in an embezzlement scandal, nurse Laura Harriman vows revenge on the man responsible. She soon gets her chance when his accuser suffers a stroke that leaves him paralyzed and mute - the perfect victim. After becoming his private nurse, the "angel of death" sets out on a psychotic killing spree that will complete her descent into madness and destroy an innocent family...one by one. Echo Bridge Home Entertainment It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bad Influence (1990)Summaries A soft and hesitant young man is in danger when tries to break toxic relationships with a mysterious stranger claiming to be his friend. Michael, a wimpy young executive, is about to get pulverized by a jealous boyfriend in a bar when a handsome, mysterious stranger steps in--and then disappears. Later that night, while jogging, Michael runs into the stranger on a pier. He introduces himself as Alex, and the two go out to an under- ground club. Within a matter of days, Alex wheedles his way into Michael's life and turns it upside down, and Michael doesn't realize that Alex is a dangerous sociopath until it's too late. Denise P. Meyer <dpm1@cornell.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare (1991)651) Dream-haunting Freddy Krueger returns once again to prowl the nightmares of Springwood's last surviving teenager, and of a woman whose personal connection to Krueger may mean his doom. In part six of the Nightmare on Elm Street series, dream monster Freddy Krueger has finally killed all the children of his hometown, and seeks to escape its confines to hunt fresh prey. To this end, he recruits the aid of his (previously unmentioned) daughter. However, she discovers the demonic origin of her father's powers and meets Dad head-on in a final showdown (originally presented in 3-D). David Thiel <d-thiel@uiuc.edu> Having wiped out all the children in his home town, dreamstalking psychokiller Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) decides it is time to head for pastures new. Luckily for him, he happens across a home for troubled teens and is soon indulging his unspeakable appetites once again. Only now Freddy's estranged daughter is about to summon up the courage to end his killing spree once and for all. jesusblack-91294 It's Freddy Krueger's farewell performance! They tried to burn him. They tried to bury him. They tried to wash him away with holy water. But like Freddy says "Sticks and stones may break my bones but you can't ever kill me." But enough is enough! Do or die, it's time someone made Freddy hang up his hat and claws for good. Join the infamous Springwood Slasher in the most defining chapter of the Elm Street franchise as he comes face-to-face with a new batch of victims and the past that made him the monster he is. jesusblack-91294 The film takes place years after the events of the previous one. After killing every child and teenager in the town, Freddy confronts the last survivor from Elm street in dreams but spares his life. The boy is taken to a youth shelter by a cop where the boy meets other teens n becomes a patient of a psychiatrist. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1999, ten years have passed since the fifth film; Alice Johnson and her son Jacob have moved away from Springwood, and Freddy Krueger has returned and succeeded in killing nearly all of the children in the town of Springwood, Ohio. The only surviving teenager, known only as "John Doe", finds himself confronted by Freddy in a dream and is knocked past the town of Springwood's city limits by Freddy. The city limits serve as a barrier that Freddy cannot cross, and the hole John makes when he goes through the barrier closes as soon as Freddy touches it. However, when John goes through the barrier, he hits his head on a rock and does not remember who he is or why he is outside of Springwood. Meanwhile, at a shelter for troubled youth, Spencer, Carlos and Tracy plot to run away from the shelter. Carlos was physically abused by his parents, resulting in a hearing disability, Tracy was sexually abused by her father, and Spencer simply does not want to conform to his father's overbearing lifestyle. John, after being picked up by the police, becomes a resident of the shelter and a patient of Dr. Maggie Burroughs. Maggie notices a newspaper clipping in John's pocket from Springwood. In an effort to cure John's amnesia, she decides it would be best to go on a road trip to Springwood to jog his memory. Tracy, Carlos, and Spencer stow away in the van in their effort to escape the shelter, but are discovered when John has a hallucination and almost wrecks the van just outside Springwood. Tracy, Spencer, and Carlos, after unsuccessfully trying to leave Springwood, decide to rest at a nearby abandoned house, which transforms into 1428 Elm Street (Nancy Thompson's/Jesse Walsh's former home). Meanwhile, John and Maggie visit Springwood Orphanage and discover that Freddy had a child. John believes he is the child because Freddy allowed him to live. Back on Elm Street, Carlos and Spencer fall asleep and become prey to Freddy. Tracy is awakened by Maggie, but John, who went into the dream world with Tracy to try to help Spencer, is still asleep. Maggie and Tracy decide to take him back to the shelter. However, on their way back, Krueger kills John in his dream, but not before revealing that Krueger's kid is a girl. As John dies, he reveals this information to Maggie. Tracy and Maggie return to the shelter, but they discover that no one remembers John, Spencer, or Carlos except for Doc, who has learned to control his dreams. Maggie remembers what John told her and discovers her own adoption papers, learning that she is Freddy's daughter. Doc discovers Freddy's power comes from the "dream demons" who continually revive him, and that Freddy can be killed if he's pulled into the real world. Maggie decides that she will be the one to enter Freddy's mind and pull him into the real world. Once in the dream world, she puts on a pair of 3-D glasses the theatrical version of the film was in 3D during the climax and goes into Freddy's mind. There, she finds out that Freddy was teased as a child, abused by his foster father, inflicted self-abuse as a teenager, and murdered his wife. Freddy was given the power to become immortal from fiery demons. After some struggling, Maggie manages to pull Freddy into the real world. Maggie and Freddy end up in hand-to-hand combat against one another. While Maggie continues to battle Freddy she uses several weapons confiscated from patients at the shelter. Enraged by the knowledge of what he has done, she disarms him of his clawed glove. Eventually, Maggie stabs Freddy in the stomach with his own glove while she is close to him. Doc then throws Maggie a pipe bomb. After she impales Freddy to a steel support beam she throws the bomb in his chest. As she runs away from the impending explosion, Freddy looks into the camera and says "Kids". after which he explodes. The three dream demons are then seen flying out of Freddy after the pipe bomb kills him, unable to revive him in the real world. Maggie then smiles at Tracy and Doc and says "Freddy's Dead". 