nm0006721:

 Drive Me Crazy (1999)44) Nicole and Chase used to be BFFs, then junior high happened. The high school centennial dance is coming but Nicole gets dumped. So does Chase. They stage a relationship to get at their exes. They visit each other's worlds. Love in the air? Nicole (Melissa Joan Hart) and Chase (Adrian Grenier) are neighbors but are from two very different worlds. Despite their differences their love lives have a common theme. Their most recent plans for love have fallen through putting them both in a desperate state to fix them. Both Nicole and Chase conspire to pretend to find a romantic interest in each other, with the hopes of attracting the "ones who got away" from them. Leading up to the big school dance, Chase and Nicole find that their scam worked out better than they had planned. Nicole Maris is a popular high school preppy senior in Utah who gets her life turned upside down when her perfect date, Brad, falls for a cute cheerleader from another school a month before the school's centennial senior prom. After recovering from the shock, Nicole comes up with a solution to save her reputation: find a guy to appear like they're going steady and to take her to the dance hoping to make Brad jealous. Nicole then hooks up with her next door neighbor, prankster and trouble maker Chase Hammond, and tries to model him in her own image while he's looking to make his long-term girlfriend Dulcie jealous too. However, both Nicole and Chase don't expect their charade to lead it where they never expected it to. Matt Patay Nicole is popular and stylish and has her sights set on one thing, the gala centennial celebration theme for the prom. She has always been into doing good for the planet. Her second sights are on a date to escort her. But when her dream date invites another girl, Nicole must act fast to find a substitute. She decides to go low and asks her grungy next door neighbor to take her there. But first, he needs a little work done to himself. She gives him a fashion make over to show his true handsome self. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 10 Things I Hate About You (1999)541) A pretty, popular teenager can't go out on a date until her ill-tempered older sister does. Adapted from William Shakespeare's play "The Taming of the Shrew," 10 Things I Hate About You starts off with Cameron, new student at Padua High, sitting in the office of the quirky guidance counselor Ms. Perky. He is then shown around the school by Michael, who will become his best friend. During his tour is when Cameron first sees Bianca Stratford, a beautiful sophomore with one problem: she isn't allowed to date. And neither is her "shrew" sister, Katarina, a senior who loves indie rock and feminist prose and hates conformity. But Kat and Bianca's father alters his house rule: now, Bianca can date... as long as Kat has a date, too. Now, in order for Cameron to date Bianca, he has to find someone to date Kat. So Michael helps him enlist the help of pretty-boy/jerk/model Joey Donner, tricking him into thinking that *he* will get to take Bianca out if he pays someone to take out Kat. His choice: Patrick Verona, a bad-boy with a mysterious reputation--some say he ate a live duck once, others that he lit a state trooper on fire, and even more claim that he had a brief porn career. Will Patrick win Kat's heart? Will Cameron win Bianca's? Or will everything hit the fan...? Erica Baffa Meet the Stratford sisters: pretty and popular Bianca, who has never had a date; and Kat, her older sibling, an ill-tempered harridan whose acerbic wit is matched only by her steadfast determination to alienate any guy who might be remotely interested in her. Unfortunately, strict rules in the Stratford household forbid Bianca from having a boyfriend until her odious sister has one of her own-a situation that seems highly improbable considering Kat is a social disaster. Bianca's desperation for romance turns into a convoluted scheme to match Kat with her male equivalent--a guy whose reputation is so infamous, Kat might rise to the challenge and find him worthy of her concealed charms. Mating mayhem ensues when Patrick Verona -- a sullen young man with a mysterious past -- is bribed by Bianca's wannabe boyfriend to woo and win Kat, in order to clear the way for Bianca to begin dating. Movie Buff;-) Popular, pretty Bianca Stratford is in dilemma. A family rule forbids her from dating until her unpopular, rebellious, boy-hating older sister Kat gets a suitor of her own. In an attempt to win Bianca, a potential boyfriend desperately attempts to set Kat up with Patrick Verona, another rebel who may just be able to win Kat's heart. Emily Brecade <GolfPnkGir@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Cameron James (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), the new kid at Padua High School, is given a tour of the school by Michael Eckman (David Krumholtz), who is an audio-visual geek and former leader of a clique of future MBAs. Michael provides Cameron with information on the schools various cliques. During the tour, Cameron spots the beautiful and popular Bianca Stratford (Larisa Oleynik) and is immediately smitten with her. Michael warns that Bianca is shallow, conceited, and worst of all, not allowed to date. Michael does, however, inform Cameron that Bianca is looking for a French tutor. At the Stratford residence, Biancas outcast older sister Kat (Julia Stiles) receives a letter of acceptance to Sarah Lawrence College. Her protective father, Walter (Larry Miller), is distraught by the news, as he wants Kat to attend college nearby. Kat distracts her father by revealing that Bianca was given a ride home from school by Joey Donner (Andrew Keegan). Bianca begs her father to allow her to date, but to no avail. Kat's aversion to dating prompts the father to come up with a new rule: Bianca can only date if Kat is dating. Cameron starts tutoring Bianca, and she informs him of her fathers rule after Cameron makes many failed attempts to ask her out. This news motivates Cameron and Michael to set out to find a boy who is willing to date Kat. Cameron suggests Patrick Verona (Heath Ledger), an outcast who is just as ill-tempered as Kat. Cameron tries asking Patrick for his assistance, but Patrick scares him off. Michael then poses the idea to Joey, also attempting to date Bianca, to pay Patrick to take Kat out. Patrick agrees, but Kat, however, wants nothing to do with Patrick. Cameron and Michael finally explain their situation to Patrick and inform him that Bogie Lowenstein (Kyle Cease) is throwing a party (this is actually a plot by Michael to get revenge, as a rumor from Bogie had got him kicked out of their clique). Cameron and Michael spread rumors around school that Bogie's party will have free beer and dancing, although it is actually a small private gathering. At the party, Kat tells Joey to stay away from her sister. Joey brags that he cannot guarantee she'll stay away from him. Kat gets upset and begins drinking, leading her to dance drunkenly on a table. Meanwhile, Cameron discovers that Bianca was using him to find a date for Kat so that Bianca could date Joey. Cameron decides to stop trying to date Bianca, but Patrick convinces him to go for it. Bianca asks Cameron for a ride home after discovering Joeys true character. Cameron drops her off and tells her that he really likes her and was very disappointed in her. At that point Bianca kisses Cameron. Patrick brings Kat home, and she drunkenly tries kissing Patrick. He suggests they should do that some other time, hurting Kats feelings. The next day at school, Patrick publicly sings Can't Take My Eyes Off Of You to Kat in front of everyone asking her forgiveness, landing him in detention. Kat gets him out of detention by "flashing" the soccer coach. Kat and Patrick spend the day together, and they both realize that they truly do like each other. Patrick, motivated by Joey's bribe of $300, asks Kat to the prom. However, she is suspicious of his motives and they get into a fight. Bianca tries to convince her father to let her go to the prom, but he refuses, since Kat isnt going. Bianca confronts Kat. Kat then reveals that she dated Joey and they had sex, mostly because everyone else was doing it. However, when Kat told Joey that she wasn't ready for sex and did not want to do it again, he immediately broke up with her. Even though she forbade Joey to tell anyone of their one time together or else she would tell all the cheerleaders how tiny he is, Kat still felt immense rejection, thus spurring her to not do anything ever again just because everyone else was doing it and distanced herself from her peers. Bianca and Kat end up going to the prom with Cameron and Patrick. Joey is furious to learn that Bianca has gone to prom with Cameron, and confronts Patrick about the "arrangement" in front of Kat. Kat blows up at Patrick and leaves. Joey subsequently confronts Cameron about manipulating the 'deal' for himself, but after he punches Cameron, Bianca hits Joey three times herself, leaving him curled up in pain on the floor with a broken nose and a black eye. The next morning, Bianca thanks Kat for going to prom and the sisters make up. Kat's father allows her to go to Sarah Lawrence. At school, Kat reads a poem which she wrote for English class, titled "10 Things I Hate About You" (written about Patrick). While reading the poem, she reveals (in front of the entire class) how hurt she was by what Patrick did and how much she really cares about him ("But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you. Not even close, not even a little bit, not even at all"). Patrick is shown to be touched by her revelation. In the parking lot, Kat finds a guitar Patrick bought her with the money Joey paid him, and he admits that he messed up their deal by falling for her. Kat forgives Patrick and the two kiss and make up. (Source: WikiPedia. Bangs_McCoy) 
 The Gift (VI) (2015)761) A married couple, Simon and Robyn, run into Gordo, an old classmate. Things take a turn when Gordo begins to drop in unannounced at their house and inundates them with mysterious gifts. Simon and Robyn are a young married couple whose life is going just as planned until a chance encounter with an acquaintance from Simon's high school sends their world into a harrowing tailspin. Simon doesn't recognize Gordo at first, but after a series of uninvited encounters and mysterious gifts prove troubling, a horrifying secret from the past is uncovered after more than 20 years. As Robyn learns the unsettling truth about what happened between Simon and Gordo, she starts to question: how well do we really know the people closest to us, and are past bygones ever really bygones? STX Entertainment When Simon Callum moves with his wife Robyn from Chicago to an astonishing house in California to work in a new job, they need to go shopping in a store. Out of the blue, a man named Gordon "Gordo" Moseley stumbles upon Simon and tells that he was a former high school classmate. Gordo overhears their address and brings gifts for the couple, making Simon uncomfortable. Then he invites the couple to have dinner with him and they learn that Gordo lives in a mansion. He receives a phone call and leaves the couple alone at his home and Simon decides to snoop around and mock him. When Gordo returns, Simon says that he should stay away from Robyn and him. There are incidents at Simon's home and the family's dog disappears and Simon blames Gordo. Simon drives to his house and he finds that Gordo does not live there. However the dog returns and the couple receive a letter of apology from Gordo telling to let bygones be bygones. Robyn is curious about the meaning but she gets pregnant. When Robyn discovers that her husband bullied Gordo in high school, she decides to research their past, discovering dreadful secrets from Simon's past. There are many problems with Simon and when the baby is born, he receives a mysterious gift from Gordo. What might be the gift? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Simon (played by Jason Bateman) and Robyn (Rebecca Hall) are a happily married couple and have just moved, due to a promotion for Simon, to Los Angeles from Chicago. Simon bumps into someone he knew at school, 20 years ago - Gordon (Joel Edgerton). Gordon starts sending the couple gifts and starts dropping around their house unexpectedly. Initially they are happy to humour him but he is not really a friend of theirs and is a bit creepy, so they ask him to stay away from them. Gordon obliges but from his parting note Robyn thinks that there may be an incident in Simon and Gordon's schooldays that Simon doesn't want to talk about. So she starts investigating... grantss Written and directed by Joel Edgerton, The Gift centers around a young married couple Simon (Jason Bateman) and Robyn (Rebecca Hall). Simon has a chance encounter with a former acquaintance, the off-kilter Gordo (Edgerton), who begins to surprise the couple with unwanted and increasingly menacing gifts. Eventually, Gordo also reveals a hidden secret from Simon's past and throws the couple's lives into a tailspin.. In need of a fresh start, the sales executive, Simon, and his beautiful interior-designer wife, Robyn, relocate from Chicago to Simon's hometown of Los Angeles. However, sometimes, putting the past behind is easier said than done--and as an ordinary day out shopping leads to a chance encounter with Simon's old high-school friend, Gordo--pretty soon, things will take a turn for the unexpected. Now, an endless string of increasingly lavish house-warming gifts disrupts the couple's peace, against the backdrop of a delicate but inviolable secrecy. Is there more to Gordo's cordial congeniality than meets the eye? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Simon and Robyn Callum (Jason Bateman and Rebecca Hall) are a married couple moving from Chicago to California while recovering from a recent miscarriage. They find a lovely home near the place Simon used to live and decide to settle in. While getting furniture for their house, a man (Joel Edgerton) approaches Simon and claims to know him from high school. Simon doesn't recognize him until the man says his name is Gordon Mosely, or simply Gordo. He politely welcomes the couple to the area and leaves. Gordo first drops off a bottle of wine on the couple's doorstep as a welcoming gift. He later shows up while Simon is at work. Robyn invites him in and takes him on a tour of the house. In one room, they find a giant toy monkey, and Robyn tells Gordo that Simon has a phobia of monkeys. Robyn invites Gordo to stay for dinner. When Simon joins them, Gordo tells Robyn about how Simon used to have a campaign for class president and using "Simon Says" as his slogan, and it would get him anything he wanted. A little too drunk from wine, Gordo comments that "Simon Says..." applies to all the nice things Simon has in his life (great home, beautiful wife, nice job, etc.) which makes the couple a bit uncomfortable. Simon doesn't approve of Gordo visiting them, even crossing his name out over his phone number on the fridge and writing "Weirdo," as that was Gordo's nickname in high school. Gordo continues to come to their house when Simon is at work, and he leaves gifts like a bunch of koi fish for the pond in front of their home, and he gets their cable TV working. He walks into the kitchen and sees "Weirdo" written on the fridge and leaves offended. To Robyn's surprise, Gordo later invites the couple over for a dinner party. Simon and Robyn go to a surprisingly nice home for the party. Gordo tells them that the other couple he invited just canceled on them. During the conversation, he mentions that he is not married. Gordo then gets a phone call which he claims is from work and he leaves Simon and Robyn home alone. Simon then starts making rude comments about Gordo, saying that he has a crush on Robyn and wants to do perverted things to her. Simon then suggests they go exploring the house. They find a bedroom with women's clothing, as well as what appears to be a child's bedroom. They hear Gordo's car returning, and they run back to the living room. When Gordo comes back inside, Simon asks him what he does for work. Gordo says that he lied and that he took a call from his ex-wife and admitted that it was a heated conversation. Simon insists that Robyn leave the room and Simon forcefully tells Gordo that he doesn't want him visiting them anymore. The next morning, Robyn thinks she hears noises while home alone. She goes outside and discovers that the koi fish are dead, and their dog, Mr. Bojangles, is nowhere to be found. Simon later goes back to Gordo's house, being greeted at the door by a woman whom he thinks is Gordo's wife. It turns out that Gordo doesn't live there. The Callums call the cops and find out that the couple in the house did know Gordo, and he had a key, since he handled their leased cars, and he had apparently used the key to get inside while the couple was on vacation. Without sufficient evidence, the cops can't do more than question Gordo, and they observe that Gordo would know who sent the authorities to him. Simon is being considered for a promotion at work, and after a good meeting with the two men who head the company, a colleague tells him that he has only one competitor for the position, Danny McDonald (PJ Byrne). Robyn continues to feel like Gordo is watching her at home. She takes some prescription pills that she pinched from their next-door neighbor, and she faints in the bedroom. She awakens to find herself lying on the bed. At night, Robyn walks into the kitchen and thinks she hears a noise. A thump is heard at the door. It's Bojangles, safely returned home. Robyn wakes Simon up, and they talk in the kitchen as Simon mentions he was going to tell Robyn that he got a promotion at work, but he found her passed out. He also takes out the pills he found and thinks that Robyn has had a relapse after previously abusing pills during their stay in Chicago. Robyn argues that Simon doesn't believe her suspicions about Gordo. Simon just thinks that the man has had a negative influence on their lives and it would be best to forget about him and move on. Over the next few months, Robyn becomes pregnant again. The couple lives on just fine until Robyn is told that a man is watching her at work. It's Gordo. Later, the couple finds a letter that apologizes for him bothering them, and he addresses Simon by saying he was willing to let "bygones be bygones." Simon denies knowing what Gordo is talking about. The couple goes to a baby shower for Robyn. She later takes a walk with Simon's sister Joan (Katie Aselton). Robyn asks her if she knew anything about Gordo. Joan says that it was reported that Simon and his friend Greg (David Denman) found Gordo in a car being molested by an older student, and this made everyone think he was gay. Robyn looks up Greg's name online and finds that he's a chiropractor. She makes an appointment to see him and starts to ask him about what happened between Simon and Gordo. Greg does not want to answer her questions but finally tells her that Simon made up the story about Gordo being molested because Simon was a bully and frequently targeted Gordo. This story also led to Gordo's father trying to burn him alive after thinking he was gay, resulting in his father's arrest. Robyn goes to Simon's home office and searches his desk, finding two files. One contains information about Gordo, and the other is about Danny McDonald, the other finalist for the job that Simon is hoping to get. She sees a mugshot of Gordo, as he was apparently arrested years ago for burglary. Robyn later confronts Simon when he gets home, and he callously states that while he did not know what Gordo's father tried doing to him, he doesn't care since his dad was hard on him, but he toughed it out and didn't feel he's done anything wrong. He starts to comment on Robyn taking pills, and she slaps him, saying he's just as much a bully now as he was back then. Simon later apologized to her and said he did a background check on Gordo to protect themselves. Simon goes to a bar where Gordo is hosting a trivia contest. Afterward, Simon finds Gordo in a parking garage and gives him a half-hearted apology, mainly because Robyn told him to. Gordo says it's too late for that, and while Simon thinks he's done with the past, the past isn't done with him. Simon knocks a basket out of Gordo's hands, spilling papers everywhere. Simon then kicks Gordo as he tries to pick them up, then presses him against the pavement, demanding that he accept his apology. Simon leaves and goes home to tell Robyn that Gordo won't bother them again. Simon gets the job, and the Callums host a dinner party to celebrate. A clattering sound is heard from upstairs, followed by another, and then something is thrown through the glass door, triggering the security system. Simon runs outside and sees someone running away. He tackles the man to the ground, thinking it's Gordo, but it is Danny McDonald, angry with Simon for fabricating information about him that not only cost him the promotion, but it also cost him his current job. Police sirens are heard, and Danny starts begging to be let go. Simon relents and allows him to leave. Robyn then announces that she's going into labor. Robyn gives birth to a healthy baby boy. However, she tells Simon that she doesn't want to go back home with him due to all the drama and madness he's caused. When he leaves her room, he gets a call from work saying he's being let go after word got out that he lied about Danny. Simon returns home to find a big wrapped box outside. In it is a baby bassinet the, and three numbered boxes. The first one contains a key to their house, showing how Gordo has been getting in and around their home. The second box has a tape that recorded Simon mocking Gordo when he left them to take his phone call. The third box contains a DVD of recorded footage showing Simon and Robyn having dinner and sleeping. Then there's footage of Robyn when she passed out, followed by Gordo wearing a monkey mask (to spite Simon since he has a phobia of monkeys) and pulling Robyn onto the bed, stroking her and waving to the mirror. The footage cuts off, leaving Simon to think that Gordo may have raped Robyn. While Simon watches the DVD, Gordo visits Robyn in the hospital with flowers to congratulate her on her baby. He has a bruise on his face and his arm in a sling. Robyn asks if Simon did it. Gordo states merely that people will get what they deserve and he exits. Simon rushes back to the hospital and finds Gordo getting into an elevator, but he fails to catch him. Simon runs out the hospital to give chase and receives a call from Gordo. He demands to know if Gordo did what Simon thinks he did. Gordo says no but then suggests maybe he did, and this is what happens when a bad idea is put into someone's head. Simon goes to find the baby to get a better look at his eyes. It still doesn't let him know whether the baby is Simon's or Gordo's. Robyn holds the baby and looks at Simon with displeasure. Simon slumps against the wall and quietly weeps, knowing his whole life is now ruined. Gordo briefly watches Simon before leaving and removing the sling from his arm; his mission to heartlessly destroy Simon's life is now completed. 
 Open Water 2: Adrift (2006)431) When a group of friends fail to lower the ladder of their boat, they find themselves stranded in the surrounding waters and struggle to survive. Amy, her husband James and their baby Sarah travel to Mexico to sail in the yacht of their reckless friend Dan with their common friends Zach and Lauren and celebrate the thirtieth birthday of Zach. They are introduced to Dan's girlfriend Michelle and they drink and recall moments of their past while navigating. Miles away from the shore, Michelle suggest to stop the yacht and swim in the calm water. Amy stays in the boat since she has a childhood trauma with ocean and Dan stays with her. Later, the irresponsible Dan pushes Amy overboard, falling with her in a prank. Once in the water, the group realizes that Dan forgot to put the embarkation ladder and the freeboard makes impossible to climb to the main deck of the yacht. With the baby alone in the boat and stranded in the open sea, they panic and their desperation lead them to a tragic fight for survival. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Six best friends, three men and three women who've known each other since high-school, set out on an exciting sailing trip, taking along traumatised Amy's baby daughter, Sarah. With the ship in the middle of the ocean, the careless sextet will soon find themselves adrift in the cold sea, as an unforgivable mistake makes it impossible to climb back into the boat. As Sarah's cry sends chills down the spine, more and more, visible despair, physical and mental fatigue, and raw fear start to get the best of the companions, who are now blaming each other. Now, this could be their last mistake; however, under those circumstances, there's no going back, and whether they like it or not, they will all have to set their differences aside and come up with a solution. Can they survive the vast open water? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Opens with a voice recording, and then a home video of a woman on a beach talking. It appears that she is part of a group of friends. They are drinking, laughing on the beach and generally having a good time. They are at El Matador beach, and the man recording says that these people are his best friends and that they are going to love each other forever. The home footage fades away and a "Based on true events" text appears on the black screen. Then it cuts to a driving car. Inside the car is Amy, James, and their baby daughter. The baby starts to cry so her parents start singing a lullaby and they drive down the coast. A Couple in motorcycle pass by them waving, they wave back as they realize the couple on the motorcycle are their friends Zach and Laura. There is general happiness as the credits scroll on happy Mexican vacation montage with lots of palm trees and shots of beautiful water. It is revealed that this group is a group of old high school friends-and the people from the home video footage from the beginning of the film. They are gathered in Mexico to celebrate Zach's birthday. Their other friend, Dan has invited them to sail on his brand new yacht to celebrate Zach's birthday. Amy is slightly hesitant to go on the water because she is scared of the water but steps onto the dock anyway with her baby. Amy makes it on to the boat, and they go down to the cabin and walk in on the captain having sex with a blonde woman named Michelle. Cut to montage of boat sailing fun. Nothing can go wrong when you are having fun on a boat. They are very hot and very drunk. Captain Dan reveals that the boat is brand new and this is the first time he has taken it out. Amy is still wearing her life jacket but Dan tries to persuade her to take it off. Michelle asks Amy why she is wearing a life vest and Amy lies about being afraid of the water by making a joke. Dan makes a big toast and congratulates them all for being high school best friends. A few hours later the partying has died down a little bit and Amy and Michelle talk about the lifeboats while the men sunbathe. Laura states that she is hot and that she wants to go swimming. Dan hands out snorkel masks, knives and a blow-up dolphin named Dauphine. Amy hears the baby monitor and goes down to take care of the baby. The others jump into the water, leaving Amy and Dan alone on the boat together. Dan watched Amy feed the baby on the bed. He teases her about not having any fun. She keeps life vest on as they banter back and forth and then they head upstairs after the baby falls asleep. The others are swimming in the water and practice their open water diving skills. Amy stays in her life vest on the boat. She admits to Dan that she is afraid of the water. Dan decides to play a joke on her, and then picks her up and both of them jump into the water. Amy begins to panic and starts having flashbacks of her dad drowning when she was a little girl. They realize that nobody put down the ladder so they are trapped in the water next to the boat. They all try to get back on to the boat but they can't get back up onto the boat. Michelle starts to complain that she is tired, and cold and doesn't want to drown. They try to use the blow-up dolphin to get on boat but that attempt fails too when the air starts leaking. Michelle starts getting angry and they start blaming each other. They try to grab the American flag off the boat. Dan grabs the flag but it rips and he falls back onto the water. Hopelessness falls upon the group. Amy wearing the life jacket is the only one not tired because she doesn't have to tread water. All of a sudden Michelle starts screaming that she feels something brush against her leg. They look under with their goggles but don' see anything. They start blaming Dan for not having a ladder. Now they realize that the baby is still up there and she is sleeping now but won't be for long. They start getting tired and try hanging on to each other but it's getting harder for them to stay afloat. They start praying as they realize that they are going to die. Time passes and they start getting cold and thirsty. They swim around the boat trying to find a way and it starts to get windy. They hear a cell phone ringing and try to get it. A jacket has fallen over the edge a little bit and they jump to get the jacket with the phone but the phone gets emerged in water. They answer the phone but the friends on the other side can't hear them and then the phone gets water logged and stops working. In a furious rage, Dan throws the phone away. One of them gets an idea to make a rope out of their clothes so they can toss it up on the boat and have it hook on something. They get naked and make a rope. Another boat comes their way and they try to wave it down but it doesn't see them and it thinks they re a party boat so they don't stop. They start making the rope with their clothes by cutting the shorts with a knife that Dan has. James takes another dive down and looks at the bottom of the boat. The rest of the group tries to get their rope tied around the rail but it is too heavy. The rope hooks around the railing and Dan tries to climb up the railing but he falls. James swims underneath the boat and drops the knife, he tries to grab it but he panics and hits his head on the side of the boat. His ear is bleeding very badly and his blood drips into the water. Laura says he has a skull fracture and he needs a hospital very fast. Zach takes the knife and starts stabbing the boat but Dan gets angry that he is stabbing his pretty boat and stabs him in the ribs. He starts bleeding and drops the knife into the water. The baby wakes up and starts crying. Amy panics even more, it seems that they are all doomed. Michelle swims away in panic and they can't find her. She must have swam away and then drowned. Dan goes to find her and sees her naked sinking body. He tries to save her but she is gone. Zach goes into delirium from drinking too much sea water and starts talking nonsense. Then he dies. Dan admits that he stole the boat and that his high roller life is all a lie so he stole it to show off to them. He says he is a fraud and that he is nothing. This is bad because now the coast guard doesn't even know that they are out so no one is looking for them. Laura starts washing blood off the boat, she says that she is going to try to swim back to shore because she isn't going to die dreading water. She gives them all really big hugs and there is a big tearful goodbye then she starts swimming towards the shore. The baby starts crying again and Amy panics even more. Now it is nighttime and the baby is still crying, and they haven't made it back onto the boat yet. The night passes slowly for them as they sit in the water next to the boat. James then dies in Amy's arms. Captain Dan keeps looking for the knife in the rain he dives deeper. She starts swimming away from the boat to find Dan. The captain reveals his love for Amy. Dan then breaks his swim goggles in half and uses the glass from the goggles to make a foothold in the boat. Amy climbs up and she pushes herself on deck. When she is finally on the boat she pushes the button and brings down the ladder. She goes into the cabin and sees that her baby is still alive. Dan slips and falls back into the water. Amy dives back in after him to save his life. The next morning a fishing boat pulls aside the sailboat. He looks for survivors but sees none and then he hears a baby crying. Amy and Dan both died at sea, but her baby survived. 