nm0002123:

 Halloween H20: 20 Years Later (1998)761) Laurie Strode, now the dean of a Northern California private school with an assumed name, must battle the Shape one last time, as the life of her own son hangs in the balance. Twenty years after Michael Myer's massacre in Haddonfield, Laurie Strode faked her own death, traveled to California, and took on the identity Keri Tate. Michael discovers Laurie's new identity and travels to California to kill his sister. Laurie must now take on her brother with her son's life at risk. ahmetkozan It's been two blood-stained decades since the events of Halloween (1978) , and now, the suffocating stranglehold of Michael Myers, the unstoppable killing machine, tightens around traumatised Laurie Strode. Living in fear, under a new identity, Laurie is now the headmistress of Hillcrest Academy, unbeknownst to her that the masked serial killer has already found her whereabouts, hell-bent on finishing what he has started. Now, there is no turning back, and this time, Laurie must summon up the courage to stand up for herself, and look death in the eye. But, has Laurie what it takes to destroy Michael, the right hand of evil? Nick Riganas On Halloween in 1963, Michael Myers murdered his sister, Judith. In 1978, he broke out to kill his other sister, Laurie Strode. He killed all of her friends, but she escaped. A few years later, she faked her death so he couldn't find her. But now, in 1998, Michael has returned and found all the papers he needs to find her. He tracks her down to a private school where she has gone under a new name with her son, John. And now, Laurie must do what she should have done a long time ago and finally decided to hunt down the evil one last time. Will Seventh movie in the series and the first to star Jamie Lee Curtis as her character since Halloween 1 and 2. It is 1998 and 20 years after Michael Myers's attack on his unknowing sister Laurie Strode. Since then Laurie has lived with the danger of Michael tracking her down again and therefore faked her death in a car crash and reinvented herself as Keri Tate, the head-mistress of an executive school. However, she is having trouble with the drink, keeps having nightmares featuring Michael and keeps having run-ins with her rebellious teenage son, John, who doesn't believe that Michael is alive. Some of the kids decide to have a Halloween party and Laurie comes out and tells the truth to her boyfriend, teacher Will. However, somebody searches through the papers of recently deceased Dr. Loomis and finds that the info on Laurie's whereabouts are stolen. Michael has found Laurie and people start to disappear during the party. But this time Laurie is not going to run and stays to fight the madman whose trying to complete a job that has taken nearly 20 years so far... Lee Horton <Leeh@tcp.co.uk> Laurie Strode (from Halloween I and II) is now the head mistress at a prestigious private school, which is attended by her 17 year-old son. On the 20th anniversary of the events that occurred in Halloween I, Laurie begins having nightmares, flashbacks, and visions of her evil brother, Michael Myers, coming to kill her. Myers shows up at the school on Halloween night, setting the stage for a "final" battle between Myers and Strode. Chris R. Gordon Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Marion Whittington (Nancy Stephens)--formerly Marion Chambers--returns home to find that her house has been broken into. She goes to her neighbors and phones the police, but her teenage neighbor insists on investigating her house. After getting the all-clear, Marion goes in and finds that her office has been ransacked; she was responsible for taking care of Dr. Sam Loomis, now deceased, and she discovers that the file she kept on Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) has been stolen. Marion feels as if she's not alone in the house. Rushing next door, she finds her teenage neighbors murdered, and Michael Myers appears, wearing a trademark white mask. Michael stalks and kills Marion, then gets into a car and drives off just as the police arrive to investigate the break-in, discovering the bodies. Laurie has relocated to California. She is now known as Keri Tate, headmistress of a small private prep school. Laurie has a teenage son named John (Josh Hartnett), and the two of them live on campus with the rest of the students. Laurie still struggles with the events of Halloween night 1978, when Michael Myers stalked her and killed those around her. As a means to escape her past, she faked her death and has been living under her assumed identity of Keri ever since. Her past trauma, as well as the stress of living under false pretense, has turned her into a functioning alcoholic. She is also heavily dependent on medication for her emotional condition. Laurie has a secretary named Norma (Janet Leigh) who dotes on her like a parent, and notices how Laurie gets particularly shaken around Halloween. Laurie's boyfriend, Will Brennan (Adam Arkin) is a guidance counselor at the school, and the two of them share a semi-discreet relationship. But Laurie's relationship with John is becoming strained; she is overprotective of him and refuses to allow him much freedom. He is to stay within the locked school grounds at all times, and she denies him the right to attend an annual school camping trip to Yosemite, which is on Halloween. John's girlfriend Molly (Michelle Williams) also stays behind due to some problems with her tuition. Their friends Charlie (Adam Hann-Byrd) and Sarah (Jodi Lyn O'Keefe) also fabricate reasons to stay behind so that the four of them can celebrate Halloween together on the near-deserted campus. John and Charlie convince the school's security guard, Ronny (LL Cool J) to open the gate and let them out so that they can walk into town and shoplift a bottle of wine for their party. Laurie meets Will for lunch in town and opens up to him a little, acknowledging that she's been unable to deal with something in her past. While he's in the men's room, Laurie chugs her glass of wine and orders another, hurrying the waiter so that Will won't realize she's had two instead of just one. On her way back to the school, Laurie sees John and Charlie walking down the street and becomes enraged that John has left the school grounds. John also gets angry at Laurie, asserting himself and telling Laurie that she needs to accept the fact that Michael Myers is dead. Laurie drives Charlie and John back to school and scolds Ronny for allowing the boys to get out. Meanwhile, Michael Myers has arrived at the school. He follows Laurie downtown and lurks outside the school later, staring in at Molly as she sits in Laurie's literature class. Laurie addresses the students before they leave for Yosemite and lectures them to be on their best behavior. Afterwards she surprises John by telling him she's changed her mind and she will allow him to go with the others. Since he has already made plans with Molly, Charlie and Sarah, he stays behind anyway without Laurie's knowledge. That night, Michael Myers slips onto the grounds of the school by distracting Ronny at the gate. Ronny is unharmed but knows something is wrong. John and his friends get ready to eat dinner together when Charlie goes off in search of a corkscrew. Sarah follows him, and they are both murdered by Michael Myers. Will and Laurie carve a pumpkin together and Laurie tells him that she is not Keri Tate and that her real name is Laurie Strode. Will thinks she is joking when she tells him that her brother killed her sister with a kitchen knife, and that years later he came after her. Will eventually realizes she's telling the truth and wonders how old Laurie was at the time. She tells him she was 17, then suddenly realizes that John has just turned 17 as well. Her sense of panic sets in and she tries to call John; the phones are dead. She immediately goes to her bedroom and retrieves a gun, discovering John's camping gear in his closet; she now knows John never left for Yosemite. Ronny appears at the front door and tells them that there is a strange car parked in the driveway. They decide to search for John and the others. Meanwhile, John and Molly get restless and search for Charlie and Sarah, finding Sarah's body hanging from a light fixture. Michael Myers appears and gives chase, and they flee back to John's residence. Myers corners them in a doorway blocked by a gate. Laurie and Will open the door and let the kids inside just barely in time before Myers can get inside the gate; Laurie and Michael stare at each other momentarily through the door's tiny window. Before Laurie can get her gun, Myers disappears. Laurie puts John and Molly in a room and locks it, while she and Will look for Myers in the hallway. Will sees a shadow and thinks it is Myers, grabbing Laurie's gun and shooting. It is really Ronny; Will has shot him in the head. As they panic about the mistake, Myers appears and stabs Will to death, chasing Laurie down the hallway. She hits him over the head with a fire extinguisher and runs off with John and Molly. They make it to their vehicle and Laurie drives off to the front gate. Before she drives off, Laurie has a sudden moment of revelation. Instead of running, she sends John and Molly off and closes the gate behind them, breaking the mechanism that opens it. She then grabs a fire axe and sets out looking for Michael. She finds him back in the school and the two of them stalk each other, wounding each other with the axe and various knives. Finally Laurie stabs Michael several times in the chest, sending him hurtling over a balcony into the mess hall. He seems dead, but Laurie knows better. Help arrives at the school; John and Molly have sent the police. Ronny is alive, the bullet having just grazed his head. Laurie's wounds have been bandaged, and she sees the coroner carrying Michael's body on a stretcher. She knows ultimately he will return, and that she must make sure he's dead once and for all, so she steals a policeman's gun and forces the medics at gunpoint to load Michael into a nearby van. Laurie takes off at high speed. While she drives down the mountainous road, Myers begins to reanimate and pulls himself out of the body bag. Laurie slams on the brakes and sends him through the windshield, driving into him with the van. The van plunges over the hillside and both Laurie and Michael are thrown from it. Michael gets the worst of the deal; the van slams into his body and pins it against a fallen tree. Laurie finds the fire axe and approaches Michael, who is still alive, but helpless. She calls to him and he looks up at her, mute but seemingly asking her for help. Laurie reaches out for him, their fingertips touching briefly, and she feels pity for Michael. Suddenly her rage wells up inside her, and she decapitates Michael with a single blow. 
 Jumanji (1995)431) When two kids find and play a magical board game, they release a man trapped in it for decades - and a host of dangers that can only be stopped by finishing the game. Jumanji, one of the most unique--and dangerous--board games ever, falls into the hands of the curious teen, Alan Parrish, in 1969. Mysterious and magical, the game strands the unsuspecting boy in the lush, savage forests of a mythical realm. Nearly three decades later, the game releases him before the awed eyes of the young orphaned siblings, Judy and Peter Shepherd. Now, the wild and incessant beat of the jungle's tribal drums is calling for the now-adult Alan and the other hesitant players, as the one who rolls the dice must never leave undone what the roll has started. Has anyone ever escaped from the game and Jumanji's formidable foes? Nick Riganas When young Alan Parrish discovers a mysterious board game, he doesn't realize its unimaginable powers until he is magically transported--before his friend Sarah's startled eyes-- into the untamed jungles of Jumanji. He remains there for 26 years until two unsuspecting children free him from the game's spell. Now a grown man, Alan reunites with Sarah, and they and the children try to outwit the game's powerful forces. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins in 1869 in the town of Brantford, New Hampshire. Two boys are seen breathlessly running with a box, which they proceed to bury in the woods. The film then cuts to a century later in Brantford. A young boy named Alan Parrish is chased by a gang of bullies and seeks refuge in his father's shoe factory. Alan encounters one of his father's employees named Carl, who has created a prototype sneaker which he feels is the future of Parrish Shoes. Alan carelessly places the prototype on a conveyor belt as he is discovered by his father. Sam Parrish chastises his son for being bullied and claims that Alan needs to stand up for himself. As Alan leaves a grinding noise is heard from one of the factory's machines. The conveyor belt upon which Alan placed the prototype sent the shoe into the machine, damaging the machine along with Carl's prototype. Sam demands to know who is responsible for the incident, and Carl takes the blame for Alan. Outside the factory, Alan is accosted by the bullies. One of them demands that Alan stay away from his girlfriend. Alan claims that he and the bully's girlfriend are 'just friends,' but this just leads to them beating up Alan and taking his bike. As Alan recovers, a strange drum beat catches his ear, and he is drawn to a construction site. Wedged in a section of ground is the box the two boys had buried a century before. Alan pulls it out, opens it up, and finds a wooden board game inside named, 'Jumanji.' That evening, Alan's parents are going out to an event. Alan's mother has told his father that there are multiple bullies and Alan's father tells Alan that he is proud of him for standing up to them as he did. However, Alan's face soon falls when his father proclaims they are sending him to a boarding school for boys. Alan grows indignant at being forced into doing something he doesn't want to do and he and his father part ways for the night in anger. Once Alan's parents leave, he attempts to pack a suitcase and run away from home. As Alan is about to walk out the front door, a knock is heard and he opens the door to find Sarah Whittle (the bully's girlfriend), who has come to return Alan's bike. The drum sounds are heard again and lead the two to the Jumanji board game. Alan sets the game up for the two of them to play but Sarah claims she's too old for board games and playfully throws down the dice. After she does so, a piece on the board moves on its own, and strange sounds are heard from the fireplace. Sarah becomes scared and tells Alan to not take his turn. Ignoring her, he rolls the dice and receives the following message: "In the jungle you must wait, until the dice read five or eight." Sarah recoils in horror as Alan is literally sucked into the game, following which scores of large bats swarm down the chimney and out through the fireplace. Sarah runs screaming from the house, slamming the door behind her. Twenty-six years later, Nora Shepherd moves into the now-vacant Parrish mansion with her niece and nephew, Judy and Peter. The children have been entrusted into Nora's care since their parents were killed while on a skiing trip. Judy has developed a penchant for concocting ridiculous lies while Peter has coped by becoming quiet and withdrawn. Judy and Peter explore the house and soon make their way to the attic, where they are spooked by a bat. This brings an exterminator to inspect the house but nothing else turns up. When Judy is shown pictures of various bats, she points out a picture of an African fruit bat. The exterminator says that a girl in the 60's claimed to have seen the same kind of bat. Before he leaves, the exterminator tells the kids a story that he believes the owner of the house murdered his son Alan, dismembered his body and hid the remains in the walls of the mansion. The next day, while Nora is out, Peter and Judy hear the tribal drum sounds, and come across the Jumanji board game in the attic. Opening it up, two game pieces magically lock into place for them. The first roll of the dice by Judy spawns giant mosquitoes, which soon fly out an open window in the attic. Peter rolls snake-eyes, which unleashes a horde of crazed monkeys in the kitchen. It is after this that Judy reads a message on the game board which states that everything will revert to normal once the game is finished. As Peter has rolled 'doubles,' he takes another turn. Peter rolls a '5,' and the two are soon shocked to find a lion in their house. Their shock soon doubles when Alan appears, now a forty-year-old man in jungle garb. Alan corrals the lion in a bedroom before thanking Judy and Peter for freeing him. When Alan asks where his parents are, Judy informs him that it is 1995 and that she, Peter and their Aunt Nora are the new owners of the house. Alan rushes outside, where he encounters Carl in a police cruiser. While Carl demands to know who Alan is, the monkeys from the kitchen hijack Carl's car and drive off in it, with Carl running behind in pursuit. Alan then rushes off, intent to find his family. Alan soon finds the Parrish Shoe Factory has been shuttered. Entering the factory, Alan comes across a homeless man who tells the group that after Alan went missing, Sam used all his time, energy and wealth to find him. When Alan asks to know where the two elder Parish's are, the homeless man directs Alan to the nearby cemetery. After visiting his parents' graves, Alan and the kids return to the mansion, where the kids attempt to get Alan to help them finish the game. However, they soon find that the game has to be played in the order of who is next. As Alan was the second person to roll the dice, followed by Judy and Peter, that means that Sarah has to roll the dice for the game to advance. Unsure where to go, the three go to the house where Sarah lived as a girl only to find psychic living there. They ask the psychic for help finding Sarah, only to find the psychic IS Sarah. After Sarah faints at the sight of Alan, Alan and the kids take her back to the mansion. Upon seeing the game board Sarah freaks out, claiming that what she 'thought' she saw (Alan being sucked into the game) was a hallucination, and that Alan's father had killed him and dismembered his body, hiding it in the walls of the mansion. Alan manages to trick Sarah into taking her turn, which unleashes a number of carnivorous plants. The group then retreats to another part of the house, where Alan takes his turn. Alan's turn summons the game's most deadly aspect--a big-game hunter from the game named Van Pelt, who has been chasing Alan for some time within the game of Jumanji. It is only when Van Pelt runs out of ammunition does he give up, going off to get more. We can tell that Jumanji has created Van Pelt by patterning him after Alan's father, Sam Parrish. He seems only interesting in hunting Alan to death and screams at him for being "a sniveling, yellow coward" for not facing Van Pelt and his gun. Once again, an exaggerated nightmare conjuring of Sam Parrish. The group next goes to the library in the mansion, where Judy's turn results in a massive stampede of animals bursting forth from the bookcase behind them. In the ensuing chaos, a large white pelican grabs the game in its beak and flies off. Alan chases after it, with the group in tow. Alan finds the pelican by a river, catches a fish and tosses it to the bird, causing it to knock the game into the river. Peter manages to retrieve the game and everyone returns to the house. However, Carl appears and takes Alan away. Once Alan is gone, Peter reveals that he has attempted to cheat by attempting to drop the dice so that he would get the number he needed to reach the end. As a result, Peter begins to morph into a monkey. In the police cruiser, Alan finally tells Carl who he is and Carl attempts to get Alan back to Judy, Peter and Sarah. Meanwhile, the three have been found again by Van Pelt (now having acquired a Daewoo USAS-12 (automatic shotgun). The chase leads the group into the heart of the town where the animal stampede almost kills Peter. Van Pelt finds Peter trapped in a crushed car and wrestles the game away from him, then heads for a discount store. Van Pelt intends to trap Sarah and use her as bait along with the game to lure Alan to him. Alan and Carl eventually do find them at the store. Carl's vehicle crashes through the front of the store, burying Van Pelt in an avalanche of paint cans. The group returns to the house, only to find the carnivorous plants have taken over the interior. The next turn causes a monsoon to flood the main floor of the house and the group to be chased by a large crocodile. Everyone heads for the attic, where Sarah takes her turn, and the floor turns to quicksand, almost swallowing Alan. Judy rolls the dice, freezing the floor, saving Alan from being swallowed up by the floor. Peter rolls next and some large spiders suddenly appear. Judy attempts to fight them off, but accidentally finds one of the plants, which shoots her with a poisonous barb. Sarah takes her turn, resulting in an earthquake that splits the Parrish house in two. Alan is freed and falls through the floor, along with the game. Alan manages to recover the game and is about to take his turn when Van Pelt appears. Alan drops the dice. Van Pelt encourages Alan to run, but Alan declares that he won't run anymore and will face his fears. As he says this, the dice finish their roll and Alan's piece reaches the center of the board. Van Pelt asks Alan for his last words. After Alan calls out the name of the game, all the creatures and animals are sucked back into the game (including Van Pelt himself), as Alan and Sarah embrace each other and close their eyes. When they open them again, they find themselves back in the parlor of Alan's house in 1969. A sound is heard nearby as Sam Parrish returns to get a forgotten speech. Alan quickly rushes to hug his father and apologizes for what he said before his father left. Sam apologizes as well and decides not to send him away. He also takes responsibility for Carl's prototype sneaker becoming lodged in the factory machine. After Sam leaves, Alan panics about Judy and Peter. Sarah reminds him that they don't yet exist. The two then take the game, weight it down, and toss it into a nearby river. Sarah then tells Alan that it feels like the memories of their adventure are waning and decides to kiss him for the bravery he showed. The epilogue of the film returns us to the year 1995. Alan and Sarah have married and are expecting their first child. A Christmas party is being held at the Parrish mansion, and Alan is speaking by phone to his father as he and Alan's mother are away on a vacation. Carl is present at the party. Alan and Sarah have also invited Judy and Peter and their parents to the party (though the kids have no idea of the previous adventures). Alan and Sarah are eager to provide Judy and Peter's father with an advertising position with the Parrish Shoe company. However both of the parents feel they should wait to accept until after they take a planned skiing trip in the Canadian Rockies. Alan and Sarah, in unison, shriek, "NO!" The film ends with a pair of French girls walking along a beach, wondering about a strange drum beat they both hear. Buried in the sand several yards in front of them is the Jumanji board game, preparing to claim its next players. 
 Little Man Tate (1991)44) A single mother raises a child prodigy on her own, struggling to give him every opportunity he needs to express his gift. Dede is a sole parent trying to bring up her son Fred. When it is discovered that Fred is a genius, she is determined to ensure that Fred has all the opportunities that he needs, and that he is not taken advantage of by people who forget that his extremely powerful intellect is harboured in the body and emotions of a child. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Uneducated working class Dede Tate is the loving single mom to now seven year old Fred Tate, the two who live in a small inner city apartment. Dede has known since Fred was an infant that he is gifted, even more so than the most exceptional of children. His gifts, which are in the sciences and creative arts, are largely intuitive. Because so, he is a sensitive human, who internalizes many of his feelings, and who has ulcers in part because he worries about the world's problems. But more than anything, Fred wants to have friends, which he doesn't have at his inner city public school because he is considered different. Dede understands this, and although she does indulge some of his intellectual pursuits, she wants him to be like a "normal" kid. Their lives change when Fred comes to the attention of Jane Grierson of the Grierson Institute, a school for exceptional children. Jane was considered an exceptional child herself. Jane wants Fred to enroll in the Institute and after she gets to know him better wants to take him under her personal wing. But taking Fred to the other extreme may not be what Fred needs to flourish either. In addition, people who do truly become Fred's first ever close friends as he sees them may not truly understand what literal Fred needs in his friend virginity. A battle of sorts ensues between the two women as they do what they believe is best for Fred, who brings out maternal instincts for the first time ever in Jane. Huggo The story of the intellectually-gifted eight-year-old Fred Tate, his mother Dede and the director of a program for gifted children, Dr Jane Grierson. It explores the tension between Fred's emotional and intellectual needs and between his mother and Dr Grierson. Mike McBain <mike@calcite.apana.org.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Ice Storm (1997)44) In suburban New Canaan, Connecticut, 1973, middle-class families experimenting with casual sex and substance abuse find their lives beyond their control. During the 1973 Thanksgiving weekend, the Hoods are - relationship-wise, skidding out-of-control, isolated from each other; Benjamin reels from drink-to-drink, His wife, Elena's losing patience with Ben's incessant lies. Home for the holidays, their son, Paul, heads into Manhattan,in search of a rich girl from his prep school.Wendy, the teenage daughter, roams the neighborhood, exploring the liquor and lingerie of her friends' parents, looking for something - anything - new. Then, an ice storm hits, and their problems seem inconsequential, and nothing will ever be the same. Emory Herbertson <shrikes.fox@worldnet.att.net> Thanksgiving, 1973. We meet two dysfunctional families living in New Canaan, Connecticut. The Hoods are Ben and Elena and their children Paul (16) and Wendy (14). The Carvers are Jim and Janey and their teenage sons Mikey and Sandy. Ben is having an affair with Janey. Paul spends most of his time at boarding school but is coming home for Thanksgiving. Wendy and Mikey are in a relationship, of sorts. Sandy is infatuated with Wendy. One night all their relationship and family issues reach a tipping point. grantss During Thanksgiving, 1973, the seasons changing, politically and physically. As the Watergate scandal unfolds in the background, the inhabitants of New Canaan, Conneticut begin to slip into a void of isolation from each other. As the ice storm approaches, each of their lives spin chaotically around them, Their actions - adultery, sexual experimentation, drug use and petty crimes - become increasingly unpredictable and impulsive. When the storm hits, reality sinks in, and the severity of their situation becomes all too apparent in its bitter aftermath. Samuel Kates <yu211098@yorku.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 