nm0006710:

 Lodge 49 (20182019)Summaries Dud finds himself deposited by fate at the doorstep of Lodge 49, a dusty fraternal order that offers cheap beer and strange alchemical philosophies. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Amal (2007)541) When Amal impresses an eccentric millionaire with his humility and humanity, he unknowingly becomes the old man's beneficiary. Autorickshaw driver Amal is content with the small, but vital, role he serves - driving customers around New Delhi as quickly and safely as possible. But his sense of duty is tested by an eccentric, aging billionaire, who, moved by Amal's humility, bequeaths him his entire estate before passing away. With only one month to discover and claim the inheritance, Amal's struggles with duty and wealth are threatened by all those around him - from a young injured beggar girl and a lovely store merchant, to the danger of the old man's upper-caste friends and siblings, all seeking to claim their share of the riches. Steven N. Bray In New Delhi, poor Amal Kumar, following in his deceased father's footsteps, works as an autorickshaw wallah, he driving the one passed down to him from his father, although this work will probably soon end as a Metro is being built which will largely make rickshaws obsolete in the city. Amal has also inherited his father's sense of hard work and doing the right thing - he one of the few who works by the meter and only asks his fares to pay what they think his service is worth if they argue the meter - although that modus operandi will never result in him getting rich from the work in and of itself. His decent nature is displayed in he trying to help Priya, the street urchin who tried to rob one of his fares, she who is now in the hospital requiring expensive surgery, his help, despite knowing she working for one of the local crime godfathers Thakur, which may end his livelihood sooner than when the Metro gets built. In the meantime, Amal, because of his work ethic, has a few regular fares, such as the wealthy family whose son he drives home from private school, and pretty but hard-nosed Pooja Seth, who operates a small concession storefront and who has hired Amal to help her pick up her daily supply of bottled water. What Amal is unaware of is that the ornery seeming vagrant he drove was actually extremely wealthy G.K. Jayaram, who, who has since passed, had been looking for someone worthy to give all his money to - instead of what was in his existing will of giving most of his money to his ungrateful adult children - he finding that person in the form of Amal. As Jayaram's lawyer, Sapna Agarwal, one of the few people he truly trusted in his later life, uses her resources primarily in the form of longtime family handler Suresh Gupta to find Amal, one of Jayaram's sons, Vivek Jayaram, getting wind of his father's new deathbed will, does whatever he can for Amal not to be found, he arguably the offspring with the most to lose as he is deep into debt to Thakur from gambling, Thakur's thugs who will inflict much pain if he is not imminently paid. Huggo New Delhi-based Amal Kumar lives a poor lifestyle along with his widowed mother, Radha, and drives a three-wheeled auto rickshaw for a living, fully aware that his livelihood is threatened by the soon-to-be commissioned Metro. He is kind, honest, compassionate and generous to a fault, even decides to sell his auto to pay for the surgery of a homeless girl, Priya, who stole from his passenger, Pooja Seth, and takes up a job in a post office. Amal does not know that he has been chosen to be the sole heir by a deceased eccentric millionaire, G.K. Jayaram, and also does not know that Jayaram's children, as well as others, will leave no stone unturned to ensure that Amal does not get a single Paisa. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Amal (2007) , a multi-layered portrait of contemporary India, follows an auto-rickshaw driver in New Delhi (Amal [played by Rupinder Nagra ]) who is content with his small, but vital role in life. One day he drives an eccentric billionaire (G.K. Jayaram [played by Naseeruddin Shah ]) who, disguised as a vagabond, is searching the streets for the last morsel of humanity, and someone he can leave all his money to, and [Amal's] life may change forever. Amal (2007) serves up a visual feast for audiences. Filmed on location in New Delhi, India, this modern day fable asks the important question of what success means to each individual and ultimately reveals that the poorest of men are sometimes the richest. -Short from Amal (2007) 's Press Kit [edited by Christopher Taguchi] 
 Chuck (20072012)44) When a twenty-something computer geek inadvertently downloads critical government secrets into his brain, the C.I.A. and the N.S.A. assign two agents to protect him and exploit such knowledge, turning his life upside down. Since geeky Chuck accidentally became the mental host of the Intersect, an unprecedentedly powerful computer mind containing all information available to the US government, he's a primordial national security asset and risk. So CIA and NSA each appoint a top agent to guard Chuck, and often get involved with him in spy adventures. Meanwhile his identity must be kept secret from Chuck's sister, her perfect partner Devon, both surgeons, and Chuck's goofy colleagues in Buy More, the Burbank electronics store where he works as a cover. KGF Vissers When an ordinary underachieving guy named Chuck Bartowski gets an email from his old college friend Bryce Larkin he opens it to see a series of pictures called the intersect which has all of the governments most vital secrets. Now that Chuck is the most important government assets in the world the CIA and NSA get their top agents, Sarah walker(CIA) and John Casey(NSA). Full of action packed fighting (not so much of Chuck fighting) and a whole lot of Chuck finding a way to save the day, using the intersect of course but somtimes the help of friends. And that's Chuck for you. patrick-59000 When Chuck Bartowski gets kicked out of Stanford and stuck in a dead end job as a computer nerd for the Buy More he is accidentally sees an email full of government secrets sent to him by an old college buddy forcing Chuck into a world of spies, danger, and frenzy. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Infiltrators (2019)Summaries A rag-tag group of undocumented youth - Dreamers - deliberately get detained by Border Patrol in order to infiltrate a shadowy, for-profit detention center. Marco and Viri are members of the National Immigrant Youth Alliance, a progressive arm of DREAMers determined to bring to light the unreported story of the targeted arrests, lengthy detentions, and deportations of undocumented immigrants without criminal records in the highly lucrative - and equally controversial - Broward County detention facility. Risking their own deportation, the two activists go undercover, orchestrating their own arrests, while covertly coordinating the legal release of immigrants detained by the privatized facility. Winner of both the 'NEXT Innovator' and 'Audience Award' at the 2019 Sundance Film Festival, THE INFILTRATORS weaves together documentary footage of the real infiltrators with moving re-enactments to tell the inspirational true story of young DREAMers tapping into the power of crowd-sourced activism while illustrating the need for compassion in the evolving dynamics of immigration reform. Mae Moreno It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 