nm0006874:

 The M Word (2014)Summaries When hotshot New York TV exec Charlie Moon is brought in to assess a struggling local station, children's show host Moxie Landon pitches him a documentary about menopause featuring her mother. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Amy's Orgasm (2001)Summaries Story of a 29-year-old Ivy League-educated, self-help author as she grudgingly falls for a shock-jock radio host with a reputation for hitting on his bimbo guests. Amy is Jewish, nearing 30, single, and the successful author of "Why Love Doesn't Work," a self-help book for women who aren't in love. She's also a self-described sexorexic - she hasn't had sex with a man in four years and has never had a "mental orgasm." She gets plenty of advice - from her publicist, from her best friends (a married couple), from her parents, and from a priest to whom she goes to confession - so there's lots of conflicting emotion and analysis when she starts dating Matthew Starr, a good-looking playboy who's a popular L.A. male-chauvinist-pig radio shock jock. Each of Amy's theories and rules is put to the test - people may not change, but can love work? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I Love You, Don't Touch Me! (1997)Summaries The story of a 25 year old virgin girl, looking for the right boyfriend, not realizing that "the one" has been next to her for many years. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Finding Bliss (2009)321) A romantic comedy that explores the adult film industry through the eyes of an idealistic 25 year-old award winning film school grad. Jody has arrived in Hollywood, fresh out of a New York film school with student awards in hand, and ready to get her film made. Problem is Jody can't get a job and can't get anybody to read her script. The only job Jody can get is as an editor at a porn production company. Still determined to get her film made, Jody attempts to use the studio's facilities, but the repercussions if she gets caught, might be more than she can handle. napierslogs Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Aspiring filmmaker Jody Balaban takes a job at a porn studio, planning to use the company's lush facilities to secretly film her own movie after hours. When Jody's ruse is discovered, she's forced to collaborate with infamous porn director, Jeff Drake--an initially fractious relationship that simmers into an unexpected romance. 