nm0002055:

 Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil (1997)Summaries A visiting city reporter's assignment suddenly revolves around the murder trial of a local millionaire, whom he befriends. This panoramic tale of Savannah, Georgia's eccentricities focuses on a murder and the subsequent trial of James Arthur Williams (Kevin Spacey): self made man, art collector, antiques dealer, bon vivant, and semi-closeted homosexual. John Kelso (John Cusack) a magazine reporter, finds himself in Savannah amidst the beautiful architecture and odd doings to write a feature on one of William's famous Christmas parties. He is intrigued by Williams from the start, but his curiosity is piqued when he meets Jim's violent, young and sexy lover, Billy Hanson (Jude Law). Later that night, Billy is dead, and Kelso stays on to cover the murder trial. Along the way, he encounters the irrepressible Chablis Deveau (Lady Chablis), a drag queen commedienne, Sonny Seiler (Jack Thompson), lawyer to Williams, whose famous dog, Uga, is the official mascot of the Georgia Bulldogs, an odd man who keeps flies attached to mini leashes on his lapels and threatens daily to poison the water supply, the Married Ladies Card Club, and Minerva (Irma P. Hall), a spiritualist. Between being Jim's buddy, cuddling up to a torch singer, meeting every eccentric in Savannah, participating in midnight graveyard rituals, and helping solve the mysteries surrounding Billy's murder, Kelso has his hands full. Teresa B. O'Donnell <sun.moon.stars@worldnet.att.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Absolute Power (1997)44) Career thief Luther Whitney ( Clint Eastwood ) witnesses a horrific crime involving U.S. President Alan Richmond ( Gene Hackman ). Inspired by David Baldacci's novel, and the ruthlessness of people in power. President Alan Richmond believes that everything he does is beyond reproach, including an affair or two. That leads to murder and everyone around him is involved. There is only one witness, a thief named Luther Whitney. They are sure he'll talk, but when? The Secret Service is determined to keep him quiet, but catching a thief isn't always easy. Kristie Murray <hankm@cris.com> The ageing ex-con and master thief, Luther Whitney, decides to pull off one last heist before retiring. After breaking into a seemingly impregnable mansion, much to his surprise, becomes the witness of a hideous act of violence, as the young woman, Christy Sullivan, ends up dead. Now, after a narrow escape, Luther is shocked to discover that the U.S. President, Alan Richmond, is involved in the gruesome murder, and as if that weren't enough, Whitney starts to believe that, pretty soon, he'll be next. But, will Luther take this dangerous situation lying down? Will he fight for justice and let the truth shine? Nick Riganas A veteran burglar, Luther Whitney, breaks into the house of a billionaire. His endeavors are unexpectedly interrupted when the billionaire's wife returns home with another man. Their romantic liaison turns violent and the woman is shot dead by the Secret Service. The man is the US President. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Battlecreek (2017)Summaries Henry is a loner and a night owl. His rare skin disease has kept him under the close watch of his fiery mother, who has sheltered him his entire life. One night, a young woman's car breaks down and Henry's life will change forever. Henry is a loner, living with his overprotective mother in a small Southern town called Battlecreek. Henry has a rare sun disease and must avoid sunlight. He lives his life at night -- hanging out at the diner, working the night shift at the gas station and swimming in the creek under the moonlight. Henry doesn't know who he is or what he wants, until he meets Alison. When Alison's car breaks down in Battlecreek, she answers the "help wanted" sign at the diner to pay for the repair. Henry is immediately drawn to the mysterious girl. Alison shows Henry that he can live a life he thought impossible, even at the cost of losing his mom and freeing him from his past. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Mule (2018)651) A ninety-year-old horticulturist and Korean War veteran turns drug mule for a Mexican cartel. Clint Eastwood stars as Earl Stone, a man who is ninety years old, broke, alone, and facing foreclosure of his business when he is offered a job that simply requires him to drive. Easy enough, but, unbeknownst to Earl, he's just signed on as a drug courier for a Mexican cartel. He does well, so well, in fact, that his cargo increases exponentially, and Earl is assigned a handler. But he isn't the only one keeping tabs on Earl. The mysterious new drug mule has also hit the radar of hard-charging D.E.A. Agent Colin Bates (Bradley Cooper). And even as his money problems become a thing of the past, Earl's past mistakes start to weigh heavily on him, and it's uncertain if he'll have time to right those wrongs before law enforcement, or the cartel's enforcers, catch up to him. In Peoria, Illinois, Korean War veteran Earl Stone (Clint Eastwood) is a ninety-year-old horticulturist that has always prioritized his work and friends over his family. He is estranged by his ex-wife Mary (Dianne Wiest) and his daughter Iris (Alison Eastwood). When his granddaughter Ginny (Taissa Farmiga) is celebrating her engagement with her fianc, Earl is completely broke, and agrees to become a mule above any suspicion for the Mexican cartel, transporting drugs under the alias of "Tata". He makes money and resolves many financial issues of his family and friends. Meanwhile, efficient D.E.A. Agent Colin Bates (Bradley Cooper) is in charge of investigating the notorious cartel and the mysterious Tata with his partner Agent Trevio (Michael Pea). Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Due to financial problems, an 80-something-year-old man, Earl Stone, takes a job as a drug mule, driving shipments between Texas and Illinois for a Mexican cartel. Unbeknownst to him, the DEA are targeting the cartel, resulting in Earl being the central figure in their investigations. grantss 2001. Earl Stone is a 73-year-old gardener obsessed with his work as horticulturist and the conventions where he win prizes by his dedication to lilies. Living in Illionis, divorced many years ago of Mary, the relation with her and his estranged daughter Iris worsens after Earl forgets Iris' wedding by assisting to another convention. His attempt to reconcile with them ends very bad, and Earl turns in a goner for all them. 17 years later, Internet has ruined 90-year-old Earl's life, his house is notice of eviction and his business is under foreclose. After a tense meeting between him and his family by Ginny's feast by her incoming wedding, a friend of Ginny closes Earl to offer a new business: move from Texas to Illinois another transporting bags each time more big. Unknown for him, a DEA's agent recently transferred from Washington DC to Chicago called Colin Bates starts an investigation to dismantle a drug cartel belonging Laton, a Mexican powerful drug boss. With Mexican DEA's agent Trevino as partner, Bates locates one thug of the cartel named Luis Rocha, blackmailing to work as informer for him. Meanwhile, Earl's new job starts to give unexpected results: after the veteran center where he meets with his Korean War's partners is burned by accident, Earl decides use the money to restore him, and secretly helps Ginny to pay her studies. But, unable to be for more time not knowing what he moves, Earl opens a bag in the middle of a travel, discovering the drug. Keeping the secret for everyone, he is invited to Mexico for meeting Laton and approaches Mary and Iris in the hope to be forgiven by the mistakes along his life. Learning much late the true sense of life and family, Earl tries to make good the things, but these complicates in bad terms: Laton is killed by his henchman Gustavo, Mary suddenly gets seriously ill, and Bates and Trevino are noticed about a new drug mail named "Tata" (the way Mexican drug traffickers call Earl) who is moving big amounts of drug. At the same time that Mary's health worsens and Gustavo despises Earl giving order to kill him, Bates leads an undercover op to catch Tata, in a race against time where Earl's life never will be the same. Chockys Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This movie is based on a true story of a World War II vet named Leo Sharp. The film opens with Earl Stone (Clint Eastwood), an elderly man who grows daylilies, winning another award for his flowers. At the same time, his daughter Iris (Alison Eastwood) is getting re-married elsewhere. Granddaughter Ginny is initially optimistic that Earl will show up but grandma Mary Stone - Earl's ex-wife (Dianne Wiest) knows he will ultimately disappoint everyone. In fact, Earl stands up his family once more. 10 years later. The internet flower businesses have driven Earl into foreclosure. He shows up at Ginny's birthday party and Iris causes a scene. Mary realizes that Earl is there looking for a place to live, when she sees all the possessions in his beat-up old truck. One of Ginny's shady friends gives Earl a business card and tells him he knows someone who is hiring drivers. Good money, no questions asked. Earl finally calls and goes to a garage where Mexican goons put a duffel bag in the back of his truck as well as a cell phone. He is told to never use the phone but to answer it "night or day." He is to never look in the bag, park the truck and come back in an hour. He does as told and finds an envelope stuffed with cash in the glove compartment. Meanwhile, the DEA has brought a new hot shot agent, Colin Bates (Bradley Cooper) to try and catch drug dealers and traffic into the US. He and his partner (Michael Pena) recruit an informer and get to work. Earl buys himself a new truck and gets his home out of foreclosure. A Korean war vet, he visits the VFW and finds it has been gutted by a fire. "If only someone would donate some money to repair it," says a volunteer, eyeing Earl's new truck. Earl attends Ginny's wedding but Mary and Iris are distant. Mary tells Earl that if has truly changed, it will take some time and effort. It won't be instant acceptance. Earl does another run, impressing the Mexican hoods with his new truck. The cartel boss, Laton, is also amazed that a 90-year-old man nicknamed "El Tata" (Earl) is the most successful new mule for his organization. The VA holds a big reopening celebration. Earl is a hero. He also pays for granddaughter Ginny's education and attends her graduation ceremony. Iris is still distant but Mary is starting to come around. But she also has developed a bad cough. The DEA has learned of the existence of "El Tata" and is beginning to gather clues to his identity. All they know is that he has carried more drugs than any other carrier and he has a black truck. Earl has many several more drug runs and has gained the respect of the Mexican gangsters. Earl does a run and bumps into DEA agent Colin Bates at a coffee shop, the night after the DEA stakes out a motel looking for El Tata. Earl gives him advice about his family, telling him "Don't be like me." Laton brings Earl to Mexico to meet him and throws a big party in his honor. Unfortunately, his underlings feel they can do a better job and murder Laton. The new boss tells the Mexican hoods that they must crack down on Earl, and not give him the leniency to meander on his drug runs, because there's too much money at stake. Mary is brought home for hospice care to die. Earl has just started his first run for the new boss but knows this is his last chance to make things right, so he disappears. The DEA and the Mexican cartel is frantic that he's gone off the grid for the first time. Iris comes around as Earl stays by his ex-wife's bedside until she dies, then attends the funeral. She invites him to spend Thanksgiving dinner with the family. He then resumes his drug delivery. The hoods who were supposed to be following Earl see his truck and follow him to a truck stop, where they beat him up. They take the flier from the memorial service and realize he has a legitimate reason to have vanished, but their new boss sees things differently. At first, he wants Earl killed. But they plead his case. He tells them it will be their heads if Earl doesn't complete the delivery. However Bates now has ID'd Earl's truck and he is finally stopped and arrested. At trial, Earl's lawyer attempts to paint him as a broke, desperate war hero trying to provide for his family. But Earl stops her and pleads guilty to all charges. His daughter and granddaughter kiss him. Iris says "At least we'll know where to find you." The film ends with Earl growing daylilies in the prison garden. 