nm0005378:

 Starsky & Hutch (2004)431) Two streetwise cops bust criminals in their red and white Ford Gran Torino, with the help of a police snitch called "Huggy Bear". Set in the 1970s in a metropolis called "Bay City," this is the tale of two police detective partners, Ken "Hutch" Hutchinson, and Dave Starsky, who always seem to get the toughest cases from their boss, Captain Dobey, rely on omniscient street informer Huggy Bear and race to the scene of the crimes in their souped-up 1974 Ford Torino hot rod, telling the story of their first big case (as a prequel to the TV show), which involved a former college campus drug dealer who went on to become a white collar criminal. Austin4577@aol.com It's 1975, we witness the birth of the partnership of undercover cops Starsky and Hutch. One is uptight and by-the-book, the butt of hazing by other officers; he runs through a dozen partners in two years. The other steals from bookies and hangs out with low-lifes. Bad-guy Reese Feldman is importing an odorless, tasteless cocaine that fools drug-sniffing dogs. One of his murder victims washes up on shore about the time Hutch's informants tell him a big cocaine deal is going down. But, our fearless duo moves too quickly, and they are suspended from the force; the partnership founders amid bad feeling. Can they patch it up, don disguises, and ferret out where the murderer hid the coke? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This movie is a remake of the 1970s TV series with detective partners Dave Starsky (Ben Stiller) and Ken 'Hutch' Hutchinson (Owen Wilson) working undercover in Bay City, California. Their savvy and well dressed street informant, Huggy Bear (Snoop Dogg) gives Starsky & Hutch information about a big drug deal that is about to go down. Reese Feldman (Vince Vaughn) is the drug dealer who is about to make millions in the biggest drug deal of his life. Reese is not going to let two cops take him down without a fight. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 The Apprentice (20042017)Summaries Contestants compete for a job as an apprentice to billionaire American Donald Trump. "The Apprentice" is a 15-episode unscripted drama in which 16 candidates from all walks of life, including both Ivy League MBA graduates and street entrepreneurs with no college education, will endure rigorous tasks each week while living together in a hip Manhattan loft apartment. The tasks will test their intelligence, chutzpah and street-smarts. They will face the challenges of living in close quarters and must compete sometimes humorous but always difficult job assignments and will be forced to think outside the box in order to outshine each other to get to the top. Upon their arrival to New York City (some for the very first time), the 16 candidates will be rushed over to Trump Tower to meet with Donald Trump, the centerpiece and driving force of this series. After splitting the group into two teams of 8, Trump then issues the first task. Teams will be given time constraints for each task and they will be observed by either Trump himself or members of his staff at every moment along the way. At the conclusion of each task, the winning team will be granted a lavish reward but the losing team must report immediately to Trump's boardroom where one of them will be fired. Tasks each week will incorporate various aspects of business: sales, marketing, promotions, charities, real estate deals, finance, advertising pitches and facilities management. Most of them will be assignments that executives face in their daily lives. The big twist is that our teams are thrown out to the wolves of the New York business world with only a few days to complete incredibly difficult tasks, many of which have hundreds of thousands of dollars at stake. This is the ultimate corporate jungle where staying alive means using both street smarts and book smarts. The winner of the competition, the true "apprentice" will be granted the dream job of a lifetime with The Trump Organization and a salary of $250,000. NBC The second season of NBC's smash hit, "The Apprentice," will this time feature 18 candidates from all walks of life, including both Ivy League MBA graduates and street entrepreneurs with no college education. In the first episode, star and executive producer Donald Trump will split the candidates into two teams of nine. Each week, they will endure rigorous business tasks while living together in a hip Manhattan loft apartment. Prominent Fortune 500 companies were enlisted to participate in many of the tasks. The tasks will test their intelligence, chutzpah and street-smarts. They will face the challenges of living in close quarters and must complete sometimes humorous, but always difficult, job assignments and will be forced to think outside the box in order to outshine each other to get to the top. The competition and the boardroom drama will all be taken to the next level during the second season. The candidates will face far more intense tasks and the stakes will be much higher. Donald Trump and his trusted colleagues -- George Ross and Carolyn Kepcher -- will frame each episode, beginning with the task delivery and ending with the climactic boardroom showdown. And, each week, one person will hear those dreaded words -- "You're Fired!" As the winner of the competition, the second "apprentice" will be granted the dream job of a lifetime with The Trump Organization and a hefty six-figure salary. NBC It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Nanny Diaries (2007)55) A college graduate goes to work as a nanny for a rich New York family. Ensconced in their home, she has to juggle their dysfunction, a new romance, and the spoiled brat in her charge. After graduating from Montclair State, New Jersey Girl Annie can't make up her mind about what to do with her life. After saving a little boy from being run over in the park, she is quickly employed as a nanny for a rich Upper East Side couple. Mr X is occupied with his business, Mrs X loves shopping, and neither really likes to spend time with their little boy Grayer. Annie quickly learns that she has more than her hands full taking care of him. Her busy schedule doesn't give her much spare time. Mrs X fired her last nanny because she was dating and that gives Annie problems when Harvard Hottie who lives in the same building asks her out on a date. Mattias Thuresson Annie gets a crash course in child care when she is hired as a nanny for Grayer, the son of a Manhattan socialite known by "Mrs. X." She deals with the struggle of Grayer's fighting parents, her loving mother's many questions, and a romance with a neighboring Harvard Hottie. Newly graduated with a degree in Finance with a minor in Anthropology, 21-year-old New Jerseyan Annie Braddock realizes at the most inopportune of times that she has no idea what she wants to do with her life. Literally stumbling onto it, she learns that there is high demand by the wealthy Upper East Side set for nannies, something she figures she can do in the short term until she decides what to do in the long term. In telling her story, she frames it in the realm of an urban anthropology research project in having pseudonyms for some of the key players. In being able to choose her employers despite not having any experience as a nanny or with children, she goes into the employ of the X's as nanny to their preschool-aged son, Grayer, the stumbler. Annie quickly learns that the X's are not as they initially presented themselves. Mrs. X is not gracious, but rather demanding, controlling and prone to upper-class trends which are apt to change as new upper-class fads emerge, with their former nanny not quitting as Annie was led to believe, but fired by Mrs. X for going on a date. And Grayer is not the sweet child he initially came across as, but, a product of the environment in which he has been raised, is precocious in a bad way. And when she eventually meets him, Annie sees that Mr. X is even less a presence in Grayer's life than Mrs. X, and in his narcissism is a philanderer who treats Mrs. X poorly. As Annie is eventually able to get through to Grayer which makes quitting no longer an option despite the poor working conditions, she has to deal with two additional people, the first her mother who she has not told about the job in her mother's belief and dreams that she is working on Wall Street, and the second a guy she names Harvard Hottie (because of his preppy good looks and he wearing a Harvard sweatshirt in their first encounter), who lives on the 12th floor of the X's building and with whom she is averse to starting a relationship because of the fate of the previous nanny and despite their mutual attraction. The questions become if this experiment/experience will allow her to get a clearer view of what she wants to do with her life, and how the experiment will end as there is, by its very nature, a finite time frame to this job. Huggo Annie Braddock graduates from college as an anthropology major and freezes during the interview for an internship at a big corporation. To find herself, she takes a job as a nanny in Manhattan's toney Upper East Side, tells her mother she got the internship, and moves in with the X family - a cheating husband, a control-freak wife, and Grayer, a lad of five. Mrs. X works the nanny day and night while neglecting her son. As the summer wears on, Annie is chatted up by a young man in the building, dubbed Harvard Hottie. She puts her anthropology skills to use to save her sanity, but how long can she suffer? Will she speak up, and will she discover who she is? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bunny Whipped (2007)211) A quirky romantic comedy that follows the interweaving story of a sports writer and a rap star. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bob Whipple is a sportswriter who feels his life is going nowhere. When he learns that Americas most beloved white rap star has been murdered, he decides to hunt down his killer by becomingThe Whip! Now, a vigilante superhero without any real superhero powers, The Whip flashes through the night rescuing those in need. His escapades lead him to his high-school girlfriend Anne (Joey Lauren Adams) now an animal-rights crusader. When she asks Bob to help her save rabbits, things start looking up. But when Bob finds out that his prime suspect in the murder has kidnapped his ex-girlfriend, he must transform into the superhero he really is and save her life. 