nm0005188:

 X-Men (2000)761) In a world where mutants (evolved super-powered humans) exist and are discriminated against, two groups form for an inevitable clash: the supremacist Brotherhood, and the pacifist X-Men. In a world where both Mutants and Humans fear each other, Marie, better known as Rogue, runs away from home and hitches a ride with another mutant, known as Logan, a.k.a. Wolverine. Professor Charles Xavier, who owns a school for young mutants, sends Storm and Cyclops to bring them back before it is too late. Magneto, who believes a war is approaching, has an evil plan in mind, and needs young Rogue to help him. Film_Fan Born with extraordinary abilities in a world filled with fear, prejudice, and intolerance, the next link in the chain of human evolution, the powerful meta-humans, will soon have to choose sides. As the telepathic mutant, Professor Charles Xavier, struggles to achieve a peaceful coexistence between the two species, hoping that the gifted students of his institute will use their powers for good, his old friend and super-human antagonist, Magneto, prepares for war. Now, Professor X's newest students--the teenage mutant with the deadly touch, Rogue, and the body-regenerating, adamantium-infused Logan, aka Wolverine--find themselves caught in the middle of a violent confrontation; one that would either stop or usher in a new era in the history of homo superior. Can Xavier's X-Men put an end to Magneto's megalomaniac vision? Nick Riganas In the near future, when children are being born with a special X-factor in their genes, giving them special powers and making them mutants, the seeds of a new Holocaust are being sown by Senator Robert Kelly. The situation brings into opposition the fellow mutants and former friends, Erik Lehnsherr, a.k.a. Magneto, and Professor Charles Xavier. While Xavier wants a peaceful means of stopping the hatred toward mutants, Magneto seeks to even things out with a machine that would speed up the mutation process in all humans, making everyone equal. To stop Magneto, Xavier brings together a special group of mutants called "X-Men" to stop him. In the meantime, two mysterious mutants emerge: Logan, a powerful and aggressive mutant with no past, no memories, and a young girl named Rogue. Their quests for identities eventually land them in the sights of Xavier and Magneto, but for what purpose? Justin Clark <LostFallenAngel@aol.com> After the death of his family at the hands of the Nazis, Magnus, a mutant, vows revenge on all humanity. Meanwhile, a group of good mutants is assembled by Professor Charles Xavier, who trains and cares for them. Magnus, now under the guise of Magneto, assembles the villains Sabertooth and Mystique to destroy anyone who gets in his way, including a furry Canadian mutant named Logan (Wolverine). A fierce battle ensues between Sabertooth and Wolverine. Xavier's group, the X-Men, recruits Logan just in time to learn of Magneto's dastardly plan to destroy the world. Jacob Mathison <dkrogh3850@aol.com> Across the world, children are born with an extra twist to their chromosomes that allow them to exhibit superhuman abilities: fire a beam of force from their eyes, sprout wings that allow flight, or read people's minds. These "children of the atom" are often feared and despised by the world, forcing these mutants to resort to desperate actions. However, one group of mutants have banded together to show the world that it need not fear their kind. Apart, they are simply scientific curiosities, freaks, and monsters, but together, united by their shared belief, they are more. They are the uncanny X-Men. Joe Button <joe@iximd.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Evolution of some lifeform to another is a slow process which takes thousands of years, but every few hundred millennia, some abrupt change may happen giving rise to what is called mutants with special properties and powers. In a world where both humans and mutants are living, a group of mutants that seeks peace and friendship with humans, is led by Professor Charles Xavier who has ability to control others' thoughts and actions; and his students Dr Jean Grey who has telepathic and telekinetic abilities; Cyclops who has the ability to fire an optic blast from his eyes; and Storm who has ability to create storm and lightning. Another group of mutants comprise Sabretooth who features a sabre-tooth, Toad who features a frog like tongue, and Mystique who is a shape-shifter. They are led by Magneto who harbors deep hatred for human race due to his tragic past as a boy Eric in Nazi ruled Poland and now has the ability to create magnetic field. In US Congress, Senator Robert Kelly attempts to pass a "Mutant Registration Act", which would force mutants to publicly reveal their identities and abilities. Magneto begins his plans to fight against humans. Meanwhile, a mutant girl named Marie (a.k.a Rogue) discovers that the touch of her skin physically hurts that person by absorbing their energy/powers and runs away from her home in Mississippi. In Canada, she meets another mutant Wolverine (a.k.a. Logan) who has quick healing power and retractable metallic claws which he brings out from inside his body when threatened. After a fight, Logan drives away in his truck and gives Rogue a lift. Suddenly, both of them are attacked by Sabretooth. Cyclops & Storm arrive and save Logan & Rogue and bring them to Prof Xavier's mansion. Prof Xavier reveals to Logan that he runs the facility in the disguise of a school where they educate young mutants in the responsible use of their powers, who may either rejoin the human society or stay there as "X-Men". Below the surface, they aim to stop Magneto from starting a war with humanity. Rogue joins the school and likes a boy named Bobby Drake there. Senator Kelly, the face of anti-mutant public demonstrations, is abducted by Mystique & Toad and taken to Magneto. Magneto runs a machine that emits a radiation on Kelly and artificially induces mutation, though Kelly manages to escape imprisonment with his new abilities. After an accident causes Rogue to absorb Logan's powers, she is convinced by Mystique (disguised as Bobby) that others are now afraid of her and she should leave the school. Xavier has a machine called Cerebro to locate the mutants around and he uses that to locate the fleeing Rogue at a train station. Mystique infiltrates Cerebro and sabotages the machine. Logan grabs a bike to reach the train station and convinces Rogue to stay with Xavier. Cyclops and Storm too reach the station searching for her but a fight ensues when Magneto, Toad and Sabretooth arrive and they take Rogue. Kelly, now a new mutant, seeks help of Dr Grey at Xavier's school to cure him, but he dissolves into a puddle of water when his mutation becomes unstable. Magneto brings Rogue to Liberty Island and places his machine atop the Statue of Liberty. He intends to use his machine on the world leaders who are meeting for a UN summit on nearby Ellis Island and change them into mutants. The X-Men learn that the machine draws its energy from Magneto and thus weakened him in previous use, to the point of nearly killing him, so he has abducted Rogue who can be used to absorb his powers and then be used to start his machine. Xavier attempts to use Cerebro to locate Rogue but the compromised machine sends him into a coma. Jean fixes it and locates Rogue on Liberty Island. Logan, Jean, Cyclops and Storm take a jet to arrive at the top of the statue and a fight ensues with Mystique disguised as Logan. Toad is killed by Storm's lightning and Mystique is apparently killed by Logan, but then Magneto incapacitates the group with his magnetic powers. The X-men tell Magneto that Kelly is dead and his machine is a killer, not converter. However Magneto goes ahead with his plan arguing it to be fair. Magneto transfers his powers to Rogue who is forced to sit inside the machine and then start it. Logan breaks free and initiates a fight with Sabretooth. Cyclops, with Jean's help, blasts his optic rays on Sabretooth smashing him out of the statue. With Jean stabilizing him, Storm creates a storm to propel Logan to the top of Magneto's machine. With time running out, Logan attempts to stop the machine and save Rogue, but Magneto, now having regained some of his strength, halts Logan's claws. Cyclops manages to find a clean shot, wounding Magneto and allowing Logan to destroy the machine and the radiation stops short of reaching the people. Placing his hand to her face, Logan succeeds in transferring his regenerative abilities to a dying Rogue who recovers. Magneto is arrested. Professor Xavier recovers from his coma and the group finds that Mystique is still alive, now impersonating Senator Kelly. In an attempt to help Logan learn more about his past, Xavier sends him to a military base near Alkali Lake. Xavier visits Magneto in his prison, who warns that he will continue his war, to which Xavier promises that he (and the X-Men) will always be there to stop him. 
 Enchanted (2007)761) A young maiden in a land called Andalasia, who is prepared to be wed, is sent away to New York City by an evil Queen, where she falls in love with a lawyer. The beautiful Princess Giselle (Amy Adams) is banished by evil Queen Narissa (Susan Sarandon) from her magical, musical animated land and finds herself in the gritty reality of the streets of modern-day Manhattan. Shocked by this strange new environment that doesn't operate on a "happily ever after" basis, Giselle is now adrift in a chaotic world badly in need of enchantment. But when Giselle begins to fall in love with a charmingly flawed divorce lawyer who has come to her aid - even though she is already promised to a perfect fairy tale Prince back home - she has to wonder: Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world? Orange Once upon a time in the kingdom of Andalasia, a beautiful young maiden named Giselle (Amy Adams) lives in a cottage in the forest. But before she can marry the dashing Prince Edward (James Marsden), she is sent tumbling down a magical well - and finds herself in the non-animated, extremely disenchanted world of modern-day New York City. There, she befriends a cynical divorce lawyer, Robert Philip (Patrick Dempsey), who isn't so sure that her Prince is coming to rescue her. Giselle's spontaneous singing and fairy-tale demeanor enchant everyone around her as she waits for Prince Edward. But she's about to discover that love in the real world isn't always as easy as sharing a single True Love's Kiss - and that she'll need courage, spunk, and maybe just a little enchantment if she's ever going to find her own happily-ever-after. Leon Styloroy In the animated fairytale world of Andalasia lives the beautiful Princess-in-waiting, Giselle (Amy Adams). She is waiting for a Prince to come so that the two can live happily ever after. Prince Edward (James Marsden) hears her sweetly singing calls. They meet. They immediately fall in love and are to be married the next day. However, before the wedding, an old hag sends Giselle down a wishing well, which is really an abyss to her banishment to another world. The hag is Narissa (Susan Sarandon), Edward's evil stepmother in disguise, she who does not want ever to relinquish her Queendom. The other world is present day, live-action, gritty New York City. Giselle does not understand her new environment and is not treated well until she meets six-year-old Morgan Philip (Rachel Covey), who, like most girls her age, loves fairy-tales and Princesses. Morgan's father is cynical divorce lawyer Robert Philip (Patrick Dempsey), who, because of his work and own failed marriage, does not like to encourage his daughter to dream about fairy-tales. Meanwhile, Edward, with his trusty chipmunk sidekick Pip (Jeff Bennett and Kevin Lima), comes down the abyss to look for his love. But Narissa has her own plans in light of Edward's action. Huggo Princess Giselle (Amy Adams), who lives in an animated land called Andalasia, dreams of true love's kiss. However, when dashing Prince Edward (James Marsden) hears her song, he declares they shall be married in the morning, evil Queen Narissa (Susan Sarandon) feels threatened by the Princess stealing her crown. She banishes her through a magic well to busy, non-animated Manhattan, where a handsome, cynical divorce lawyer named Robert Philip (Patrick Dempsey) come to her aid. Becoming confused after falling in love with this man that helped her, can she realize that happiness in the real world is not as easy as just "true love's kiss"? And can she choose between Robert and her Prince Edward? Ria Mould In an animated fairy tale world, a young girl meets and falls in love with the handsome Prince of her dreams. News of this romance upsets the Prince's mother, the evil Queen, who uses her black magic to send the girl hurtling out of the animated world into the one place in the universe where there is no true love: modern-day Manhattan. The now-real girl has to survive in New York City and find her way home again to her true love. Giorgio_C Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with a narration (Julie Andrews) about the animated fairytale land of Andalasia. The Evil Queen Narissa (Susan Sarandon) wants to keep her throne as long as she can so has tried to keep her step-son, Prince Edward (James Marsden) away from the fair maidens so he will not get married and she will not lose her throne. The scene shifts to a traditionally animated world, where Giselle (Amy Adams) is making a statue of the true love she has dreamed of. Her animal friends, including her best friend chipmunk Pip, help her make the statue and find the perfect pair of lips, as lips and true love's kiss is the most important thing in the world. At the same time, we see Prince Edward (James Marsden) hunting ogres with servant Nathaniel and he hears Giselle's song. He starts towards Giselle's home, but Nathaniel (Timothy Spall), in fear that the Queen will be furious if Edward falls for Giselle, lets an ogre after Giselle. Giselle is chased out of her home into the trees, but is saved by Pip, who uses his surprisingly heavy weight to offset the balance of the ogre. Giselle tumbles from the trees right into Edward's lap. The two are smitten with each other and decide to wed the following day. Little do they know Narissa has been watching from her evil lair, and plans to stop the wedding for good. Giselle arrives at the castle the next day and is met by Nathaniel who locks her animal friends out of the wedding. She is stopped by an old hag, who is actually a disguised Narissa, who tricks into going to a wishing well. When Giselle closes her eyes, Narissa pushes her into the well, and tells Nathaniel she's sent Giselle to "a place where there are no happily ever afters." Giselle falls for a long time, until she hits a manhole cover, at which point the movie suddenly changes to live action. Giselle pushes open the manhole cover she has ended up under, climbs out, and finds herself in the middle of Times Square. Giselle tries to find the nearest castle in order to get home. After a series of misfortunes - first causing a minor traffic accident, getting caught up in a crowd heading into the subway, causing her to eventually end up at Bowery on the Lower East Side, and finally getting mugged of her tiara by a homeless man - she manages to find the castle she thinks she's looking for; specifically, a casino billboard. At this point, we shift to Robert Phillip (Patrick Dempsey), a divorce lawyer dealing in a divorce settlement meeting. The couple in question is fighting over a Hank Aaron baseball card when his secretary (Jodi Benson) interrupts to tell him it is time to pick up his daughter, Morgan. She asks Robert if he has told Morgan about his plans to marry his girlfriend Nancy Tremaine (Idina Menzel), to which he says no. During the taxi ride home, Robert gives Morgan a present; not the fairy tale book she wanted, but instead a book on inspirational women including Madame Curie and Rosa Parks. He uses the book to explain his plan to marry Nancy, to which Morgan is a little uncertain of. By coincidence, the taxi happens to stop by the corner where the billboard Giselle is knocking on is located. Robert follows her and ends up catching Giselle when she falls off the sign. Morgan instantly believes she is a princess and wants to help her while Robert thinks she is absolutely crazy. They end up bringing her to their apartment where Giselle ends up falling asleep on the couch while Robert calls her a car. He lets her stay overnight when he sees she is sleeping, but tells Morgan to sleep in his room for the night. Giselle wakes up the next morning and sees the unkept appearance of the apartment. She goes to the window and uses her call to summon all of the vermin in the area (all the roaches, flies, rats, and pigeons) to help her clean the house (momentarily causing commotion as rats scurry out of a sewer). A one-legged pigeon drops a plate while cleaning, which wakes up Morgan and Robert. The two attempt to get rid of the animals and Robert talks to Giselle as she is about to get into the shower. At the same time, Nancy arrives to bring Morgan to school and gets the wrong idea when she sees Giselle in a towel with Robert and leaves. Robert follows her, but by the time he gets to the street, she's already climbed into a taxi. Back in the animated Andalasia, Pip tells Edward what has happened to Giselle. Edward and Pip dive down the well to New York, having an incident when Edward holds a sewer worker named Artie at swordpoint before running off into traffic, and Pip realizing he can now only communicate with chipmunk squeaks. Queen Narissa is upset about this and flirts with Nathaniel in order to convince him that he must go as well to stop Edward from finding Giselle. Nathaniel then goes to Times Square as well. Robert comes back to see that Giselle has cut up his curtains to make a new dress. He gets angry with her, an emotion she has never seen, and the two take Morgan to school. Robert brings Giselle to work and leaves her with the secretary while he meets with the same divorcing couple as the day before. Narissa sees Robert trying to help Giselle through the fish tank in the office (she pops up all over the place, wherever water is available) and is clearly not happy. Nathaniel arrives in New York, where he immediately spots Edward - riding on the roof of an MTA bus under the delusion that it is a great steel beast. He stabs his sword through the roof of the bus, ripping open an old lady's bag. After being told off by the short-tempered bus driver (who goes nuts when Pip lands on her head, leading her to think he's a rat), Edward leaves with Pip. They go to lunch at a food court, where Nathaniel disguises himself as a chef to go into a kitchen to communicate with Narissa through a boiling pot of soup. Narissa produces three poisoned apples, and tells Nathaniel to make sure Giselle takes a bite of one to kill her. Pip hears this and tries to explain through charades to Edward (involving ice cubes for the apples) the evil plan, as he cannot speak in the real world. Unfortunately, Edward is a little bit dense and does not understand. Nathaniel tells Edward they should split up to look for Giselle and they go their separate ways. At the close of his meeting, Robert comes to see Giselle and the secretary tells Robert about how crazy Giselle is. Meanwhile, Giselle begins talking to the divorcing couple and cries about the fate of their marriage when she finds out they are separating. Robert sees she is ruining his case and brings her to Central Park where he plans to leave her. He gives her money and says goodbye, but she gives the money away and he catches up to her and walks with her. He asks about her prince and she explains they have only known each other for a day, which surprises him because he has known Nancy for five years. He explains the concept of dating to her, which she has never heard of before this. At that point, they run into Nathaniel, disguised as an apple cart vendor, and sells Giselle the first of his poisoned apples in the form of a caramel apple on a stick. This one fails to work because Giselle accidentally throws it when passionately talking about love, and it lodges in a passing bicyclist's helmet - burning through his helmet and hair, leaving a bald spot on his scalp. Giselle, meanwhile, explains how she knows that she is in love and that true love's kiss is the most powerful thing in the world and she wouldn't want to wait any longer for that. This culminates in a blown up dance number that involves basically every performer in Central Park ("That's How You Know"). Edward hears her singing again and tries to chase her down, but gets run over by the bicyclists, including the one who got the poisoned apple in his hair. Giselle helps Robert make up with Nancy by sending her flowers and getting him to invite her to a ball, which is far more romantic or spontaneous than he usually is. He explains to her that he only wants to help Giselle and a happy Nancy forgives him. We see Edward and Nathaniel have checked into a motel in Brooklyn to rest. While Edward flips through channels on the TV (which he thinks is a magic mirror), Nathaniel traps Pip in the closet and goes after Giselle. We catch up with Giselle and Robert at a pizza place where she asks if they are on a date. He says that people dont bring their children on dates and we then see Morgan is there as well. He talks to Giselle about his wife, who left him and Morgan for no real reason, which makes him very emotional. Giselle explains to him that his dreams still can come true and then Nathaniel appears, disguised as a waiter, to deliver Giselle the second poisoned apple, this time ground up into a martini. Robert jokes that those are poisonous and Pip shows up trying to stop Giselle from drinking the martini. People in the restaurant panic when they see Pip on the table, but he manages to communicate to Giselle that Edward is in New York. Nathaniel spots him, and a chase between the two ensues. Pip tries to hide under a pizza, but Nathaniel takes the pizza and flings it into the oven. Pip is swung free at the last second and goes flying into a nearby glass jar, but Giselle thinks he is killed in the oven and is heartbroken. Back at the hotel room, Edward sees Giselle being interviewed about the rodent attack on TV and leaves the hotel room to find her. Upon finding the correct building he knocks on every single door in the building, finding a bunch of interesting people at each door. We see Giselle then telling Morgan a bedtime story while Robert watches and smiles. She leaves the room and Robert begins trying to tell her that perhaps Edward will not come for her after all, which she gets angry about, saying that all he ever says is no. The two share a special moment as she is excited about feeling angry, and Robert leaves, though both of them clearly feel a connection to one another. We cut to Nathaniel in the pizza place at the bar where he is talking to Narissa, who is in his drink, and she is very disappointed in him. She tells him that she is now coming to New York to get Giselle herself, and in anger breaks all the glass at the bar including the one Pip is stuck in. The next morning Robert awakes to see that Giselle has made herself another dress and smiles at this. The three sit down to breakfast when Prince Edward knocks on the door. He and Giselle are reunited, though it is not the same between them, not that Prince Edward would notice. She tells him that she wants to go on a date with him before they leave for Andalasia and he agrees. She leaves Robert and Morgan, who are very sad to see her go. At work Robert meets with the divorce clients who were touched by Giselle and have decided to stay together. Meanwhile, Giselle and Edward are on their date, but Giselle seems reluctant to leave New York. Edward offers to take her to a ball being held that evening, but only if they can return to Andalasia after. Giselle goes back to Morgan and tells her that she is going to the ball, to which Morgan takes Roberts emergency credit card and the two go shopping. They stop for a haircut and pedicure, where the two bond over not having mothers, but enjoying their shopping time together. Night falls and Narissa arrives and heads towards the ball. Nancy and Robert have already arrived as Giselle and Edward make their entrance. Robert and Giselle see each other and the couples meet and greet. Edward introduces Giselle as the love of his life, to which an impressed Nancy says is so bold and romantic. A dance is announced where you dance with someone other than your date. Edward asks Nancy to dance, leaving Robert and Giselle together. The two engage in a very passionate and romantic dance that reaffirms their feelings for one another. At the end of this dance, Edward and Giselle plan to leave and he goes to get her wrap. Narissa, in her old hag disguise, shows up as Giselle is sadly watching Nancy and Robert and offers her an apple that will make her forget all the bad memories. Terrified, but wanting to forget the pain she feels, she bites the apple and promptly collapses, unconscious. Narissa drags her into an elevator that she creates and turns back into Narissa just as Edward stops the elevator door from closing. Narissa feigns ignorance when Nathaniel, whose opinion of Narissa has changed ever since he watched a soap opera a few days earlier, shows up and explains her evil plan. Narissa explains Giselle will die at midnight and Robert remembers what Giselle said about true love's kiss being powerful and tells Edward to kiss her. He attempts kissing her several times, but it does not wake her. Robert then knows that he is the true love and doesn't know if he should kiss her. Nancy realizes that he truly loves Giselle and allows him to kiss her. He kisses Giselle just as the clock strikes midnight, but it works and Giselle is revived. They embrace as the dancers applaud. Furious at how the tables have turned, Narissa refuses to give up the throne, and explodes into a fiery purple dragon. She threatens to end Giselle first, but when Robert stands in her way, she picks him up instead and carries him out the window and up the building. Giselle runs after them, leaving her shoe behind. Narissa climbs to the highest point of the building with Robert in hand. Giselle arrives and distracts Narissa with Edward's sword, but it does little damage. Pip, who had been stuck in a gerbil ball, is released by Edward and once again uses his weight to throw Narissa off balance. She drops Robert and tumbles off the bulding to her death, exploding into sparkles. Robert manages to hold on to the building, but slips and drops into Giselle's arms. Once out of danger, the two reaffirm their love for each other and kiss. After the fact, Nancy is in the ballroom and sees Giselle's missing shoe. Edward comes and asks if she could try it on for him. In a homage to Cinderella, Nancy puts the shoe on and it fits perfectly. Edward and Nancy leave New York together and head home to Andalasia. Every character has their own happy ending. Nancy and Edward get married, Nathaniel writes a best-seller about his personal struggles (as does Pip back in Andalasia), and Giselle begins a clothing line. Robert, Giselle, and Morgan now live happily together as a perfect family. "And so, they all lived happily ever after." 
 Hairspray (2007)431) Pleasantly plump teenager Tracy Turnblad teaches 1962 Baltimore a thing or two about integration after landing a spot on a local TV dance show. Tracy Turnblad, a teenager with all the right moves, is obsessed with the Corny Collins Show. Every day after school, she and her best friend Penny run home to watch the show and drool over the hot Link Larkin, much to Tracy's mother Edna's dismay. After one of the stars of the show leaves, Corny Collins holds auditions to see who will be the next teen regular. With the help of her friend Seaweed, Tracy is chosen, angering evil dance queen Amber Von Tussle and her mother Velma. Tracy then decides that it's not fair that black kids can only dance on the show once a month (on "Negro Day"), and with the help of Seaweed, Link, Penny, Motormouth Maybelle, her father, and Edna, she's going to integrate the show.....without denting her 'do. leoprez1030 It's 1962 and teenagers Tracy Turnblad and her friend Penny Pingleton are avid Corny Collins fans. When the chance to dance on the show is publicized, Tracy jumps on the opportunity. Not only does her dancing skills attract Corny Collins, but also the attention of teen heartthrob Link Larkin. But not everyone is happy with Tracy's joining the show. The show's manager, Velma von Tussle, will do anything to oust Tracy, even if it has to include Tracy's friends Seaweed and Motormouth Maybelle. Film_Fan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In May of 1962, Baltimore teenager Tracy Turnblad (Nikki Blonksy) prepares for school while displaying optimistic appreciation of her drab neighborhood in which she sees so much beauty ("Good Morning Baltimore"). Tracy, who has a passion for dance and bouffant hairstyles, is something of a social outcast among her classmates because of her chubbiness, but her best friend Penny Pingleton (Amanda Bynes) shares Tracy's obsession with the after-school dance program The Corny Collins Show, which features a group of teenage dancers known as the Council Kids and is sponsored by Ultra-Clutch brand hairspray. The show is broadcast live on Baltimore's WYZT station and, despite the progressive opinions of Corny Collins (James Marsden) himself, remains a segregated program featuring only white dancers except for the last Tuesday of every month, which is designated "Negro Day." Tracy and Penny rush to Tracy's house after school to watch the show ("The Nicest Kids In Town"), much to the annoyance of Tracy's mother Edna (John Travolta), who works from home as a laundress and refuses to leave the house because she is ashamed of her voluptuous size. Edna shows concern for her daughter's interest in dance, fearing that people will mistreat her because of her weight. Penny's paralyzingly strict mother Prudy (Allison Janney) also disapproves of The Corny Collins Show, but mainly due to her own racism and the fact that pop music is becoming more and more influenced by R&B styles. Sharing Prudy Pingleton's disdain for "race music" is Velma Von Tussle (Michelle Pfeiffer), the manager of WYZT and domineering mother of the snobby, aggressive Corny Collins dancer Amber (Brittany Snow). Though Corny Collins defends his music choices and believes the show should be integrated, Velma refuses to consider it and constantly pushes for her daughter to be featured above all the other dancers. Several of the teenagers on The Corny Collins Show attend Tracy and Penny's high school, and Tracy in particular is star-struck and swoony whenever she catches sight of Link Larkin (Zac Efron), the show's main heartthrob and Amber Von Tussle's boyfriend. Tracy is ecstatic when Corny Collins announces that one of their female dancers is taking a leave of absence (for "just nine months") and invites any interested girls to come to the station for an audition. Though Edna attempts to talk Tracy out of the idea, Tracy's father Wilbur (Christopher Walken), a joke-shop proprietor, is more supportive and encourages his daughter to go after her dreams. Tracy and Penny cut school the next day, and following a brief dance test,Tracy is dismissed by Velma Von Tussle due to her weight and her support of integration. Velma is blissfully detached during the audition process as she reminisces about her glory days as a pageant queen ("The Legend of Miss Baltimore Crabs"). Dejected, Tracy arrives back at school and is promptly given detention for cutting class. Her spirits lift, however, when she discovers that the detention room is where many of the school's black students congregate and dance to R&B music. She befriends Seaweed J. Stubbs (Elijah Kelly), the group's best dancer, whom she recognizes as a performer on the monthly Negro Day, and learns some of his dance moves. Link Larkin happens by the classroom door and sees Tracy's dance skills. Impressed, he enters the room and informs her that Corny Collins is hosting a hop, and that she is easily talented enough for Corny to select as a new Council member. As the school bell rings and the kids disperse, Link is accidentally jostled into Tracy, causing Tracy to have a series of euphoric daydreams about her interaction with him ("I Can Hear the Bells"). Teenagers, both black and white, arrive at Corny Collins' public dance, though the dance floor is divided by a rope for segregation. Link is performing a high-energy song ("Ladies' Choice"), and Tracy spots Seaweed among the black dancers. He tells her to borrow some of the moves he taught her, and impress Corny Collins. Tracy quickly catches the attention of Corny (and Link) with her dancing, and, to the horror of Velma Von Tussle, is chosen as the new Council member for The Corny Collins Show. Tracy's parents, as well as Penny and Seaweed, are delighted. Negro Day arrives, hosted by Seaweed's mother, televison DJ Motormouth Maybelle (Queen Latifah). The biased station views, as well as the surprise of Tracy's admission to the Council, are echoed in a song written by the black dancers who are then chastised by Velma for performing it after the white dancers performed a cover version ("The New Girl in Town"). Tracy becomes a local celebrity and one of the most popular dancers on the show, despite Velma and Amber's disgust. Mr. Spritzer (Paul Dooley), the CEO of Ultra-Clutch hairspray, first dislikes Tracy and calls her a "chubby communist" after she announces on-air that, if she could, she would make every day Negro Day. Spritzer soon changes his mind when Tracy causes a huge boost in ratings and sales. Wilbur begins selling Tracy-themed merchandise in his joke shop, the Hardy-Har Hut, and Edna finally realizes that Tracy's weight did not prevent her from reaching her goal.Tracy soon receives an offer from Mr. Pinky (Jerry Stiller), the owner of a local plus-size dress shop, to be their official spokesgirl. Tracy is excited by all the sudden attention, but Edna suggests they should find an agent to take charge of Tracy's affairs. After much coercing, Tracy convinces Edna to be her agent, which at first terrified Edna because it would require her to be seen outside their house. Edna finally agrees to accompany her daughter to meet Mr. Pinky and go over a contract. Tracy assures her mother that times are changing, and that people who look different are finally beginning to be accepted ("Welcome to the Sixties"). After both Tracy and Edna receive makeovers at Mr. Pinky's shop, they stop at a diner to celebrate, with Edna feeling more confident than she had been in years. Amber and Velma enter the diner, and Tracy is forced to introduce them to her mother. Velma hurts Edna with a thinly-veiled insult about her new dress, reducing Edna to tears, but Tracy explains after the Von Tussles leave that Velma's motive for breaking them down is the threat that Tracy now presents to Amber winning the annual Miss Teenage Hairspray pageant the following month. At school, Tracy is more popular than ever before, and students deliberately land themselves with detention slips just to see her after school. Link also becomes disenchanted with Amber's cruel pranks and gossip, and begins growing closer to Tracy. Tracy introduces Penny to Seaweed, and there is an instant attraction. Seaweed invites Tracy, Penny, and Link to a platter party at his mother's record store after school, and introduces them to his younger sister, Little Inez (Taylor Parks). Seaweed leads the black teenagers in expressing their individuality and spirit in the face of social prejudice ("Run and Tell That"). A lively party is underway at Motormouth Maybelle's record shop, with all of the Negro Day dancers in attendance ("Big, Blonde, and Beautiful"). Penny, Link, and Tracy are at first nervous, but soon enjoy themselves. Tracy and Link express similar views on the integration of The Corny Collins Show, and Link hints that he has chosen Tracy over Amber at last. At the Von Tussle's opulent home, Amber sobs to her mother about losing Link to Tracy. Velma promises to make it all better, as she is in control of Link's singing career. In the meantime, Amber makes an anonymous call to Edna, ousting Tracy's current whereabouts, which causes Edna to rush over to Maybelle's shop and attempt to take Tracy home at once. Maybelle invites Edna to stay, enticing her with the enormous table of food, and Edna gives in. After asking Maybelle what the party is being held for, Maybelle sadly explains to Edna and all in attendance that Velma Von Tussle had officially cancelled Negro Day on The Corny Collins Show. Tracy, Penny, Link, Seaweed, and the dancers are outraged, and Tracy suggests that they stage a protest march on the WYZT studio. Maybelle wholeheartedly agrees, as do the dancers, but Link explains to Tracy that he is scheduled to sing in front of talent scouts at the upcoming Miss Teenage Hairspray pageant, and that participating in the march might damage his budding career. He apologizes with sincerity, but Tracy is terribly hurt. With Edna and Tracy not yet home, Velma dons her sexiest dress and introduces herself to Wilbur Turnblad at the Hardy-Har Hut. Though her intention is to seduce Wilbur and be caught by Edna, likely leading to Tracy leaving the show, Wilbur only cares about peddling his precious joke items and remains impervious to Velma's advances. Edna and Tracy arrive home, and Tracy sadly goes to bed. Edna, invigorated by the food from Maybelle's party, spruces herself up and goes down to the joke shop in search of her husband ("Big, Blonde, and Beautiful Reprise"). Edna arrives to see Velma forcing Wilbur into a compromising position, and Edna storms out in fury. Back at their house. after changing the locks and sobbing for hours, Edna forbids Tracy from ever appearing on The Corny Collins Show again. That night, Tracy visits her father, who is sleeping in the joke shop on a bed of whoopie cushions. He assures her that nothing happened between him and Velma, and that his only love is Edna. Tracy explains her fears about the future (though she makes no mention of the protest march), and Wilbur once again comforts her and encourages her to pursue what she knows is right. Tracy returns to bed, and Wilbur reconciles with his wife ("You're Timeless to Me"). The following morning, Edna attempts to wake Tracy to tell her the argument is over, but find she has escaped to join the protest. Fearing for Tracy's safety, Edna sets out after her. Tracy meets up with the protesters, who disperse picket signs among themselves and set off down the street, led by Motormouth Maybelle ("I Know Where I've Been"). Edna finally catches up and tries to talk Tracy into coming home, but Tracy refuses. They soon reach a police roadblock and are curtly instructed by a policeman to cease their protest. Tracy is angered by his rude treatment of Maybelle, and taps the officer with her picket sign when his back is turned. The officer immediately accuses Tracy of assault, and chaos ensues as he orders his men to arrest all the protesters. Tracy flees to Penny's house, and Penny secretly hides her in their basement fallout shelter until Prudy discovers them and calls the police on Tracy. Tracy is locked in the basement room while Penny is bound with a jump rope in her bedroom by her mother as punishment for harboring a fugitive. Soon afterwards, Seaweed climbs into Penny's room, frees her from her binds, and confesses his love. They break Tracy out of the basement window and escape by car. Link, feeling guilty for not supporting Tracy, visits the Turnblads, who are frantic with worry about Tracy's whereabouts. As he examines Tracy's bedroom, Link realizes his true feelings for her ("Without Love"). Once together again, the teenagers (along with Edna and Wilbur) concoct a plan to crash the Miss Teenage Hairspray pageant the next day. Velma, knowing of Tracy's involvement with the protest, stations police around the studio the next day as the pageant begins. The security is shown pictures of Tracy and given explicit orders to prevent her from entering the building. The teenagers put their plan into action, infiltrating the studio and executing an elaborate trick to smuggle Tracy inside without the police realizing. Tracy arrives onstage just in time for the dance competition, and is joined by Link, who chooses Little Inez as his partner, no longer caring about the talent scouts in the audience, but rather about bringing The Corny Collins Show a step closer to integration ("You Can't Stop the Beat"). The phone-in votes increase dramatically after Inez's performance, and Inez is crowned Miss Teenage Hairspray, awarding her the position of lead dancer on the show, and officially integrating it at last. Velma is furious, and is caught on camera admitting to her daughter that she rigged the pageant so Amber would be sure to win. She is immediately fired by Mr. Spritzer. As the celebratory finale dance reaches its pinnacle, Wilbur encourages Edna to take the stage herself, which she does with great enthusiasm. Penny and Seaweed kiss passionately, causing Penny's mother to have a fit of horror as she watches the pageant from home. Tracy and Link finally have their first kiss, as a better future begins to unfold around them. 
 27 Dresses (2008)431) After serving as a bridesmaid 27 times, a young woman wrestles with the idea of standing by her sister's side as her sibling marries the man she's secretly in love with. Two things about Jane: she never says no to her friends (she's been a bridesmaid 27 times and selflessly plans friends' weddings), and she's in love with her boss, George, nurturing dreams of a lovely, romantic wedding of her own. She meets Kevin, a cynical writer who finds her attractive, and that same week her flirtatious younger sister Tess comes to town. Jane silently watches George fall for Tess, a manipulative pretender. Worse, Jane may be called upon to plan their wedding. Meanwhile, Kevin tries to get Jane's attention and has an idea that may advance his career. Can Jane uncork her feelings? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Jane is career-oriented and secretly in love with her employer, George. She spends much of her time as a bridesmaid, and has 27 dresses as evidence. Then her structured and ordered life comes unhinged when her younger sister, Tess, re-enters her life, and a reporter, Kevin, is attracted to her. Kevin decides to publish Jane's secret and her overwhelming wardrobe. Things get even more complicated when Jane finds out she may end up losing George to none other than her very own sister. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with a voiceover by Jane (Katherine Heigl) as she explains when she first discovered her "calling" in life. The scene is from her childhood when she, her younger sister Tess and their father attend a realtive's wedding. This is shortly following the death of their mother so Jane must act as a mother figure for her sister. When her father asks Jane to take Tess to the bathroom, she comes across a distraught bride who has torn a seam on her dress leaving a whole at the back of the bodice that shows the upper half of her rear end. Jane has a moment of epiphany and uses her sister's hair ribbon and sews up the back fo the dress in a becoming way. The ecstatic bride then asks Jane to carry her train down the aisle as a reward. Flash forward in time to the present -- Jane is in a bridal shop with seamstresses all around her hemming a wedding dress. A woman walks in and says "The bride is on the phone" where you discover that Jane is the same size as the bride and is doing her bridesmaid duty of having the wedding dress hemmed the morning of the wedding for the panicking bride. She leaves the store, dress in hand, wearing her bridesmaid dress and hurries to the nuptials making it in time for the bride to change and get ready for her ceremony. During the ceremony, Jane continuously looks at her watch and a guest at the wedding (played by James Marsden) notices her impatience. As soon as there is a break in the festivities, Jane rushes out and hails a taxi whose driver she offers $300 for the entire night if he agrees not to look in the rearview mirror or he will suffer a deduction from that sum. Jane proceeds to change into another dress which is revealed as a traditional Indian sari that is her bridesmaid's dress for another wedding on the same night. Throughout the remainder of the night, she speeds between weddings/receptions, changing in the taxi which is seen by Kevin (James Marsden). At the end of the night, Jane is at the first wedding preparing for the bouquet toss which comes straight for her until she is tackled by some over-enthusiastic girls and knocked unconcscious. When she wakes up, Kevin (James Marsden) is leaning over her and helps her up, where she swoons, and then offers to accompany her home. On the trip to Jane's apartment, Kevin comments on her two-wedding night and proceeds to mention his opinion about the ludicrousness of the ceremony. This sparks a lively debate between the two about the sacredness of a wedding and marriage which leaves Kevin charmed and Jane annoyed. Once they reach Jane's apartment building, she leaves and Kevin discovers her "filofax", or day planner, in the taxi and decides to look through it. Kevin Doyle (James Marsden) discovers that Jane has been in 7 weddings that year and, as he is the writer of the local newpaper's "Commitments" section (under his full name Malcolm Doyle) he asks his editor if he could write a feature story on Jane (Heigl) for the front page of the section in the hopes that, if it is good enough, he can get out of the "taffeta ghetto." The next scene, we see Jane going to the office with her friend, Casey (Judy Greer), who was also in one of the weddings with her. Once inside the office, Jane is heckled for her longtime crush on her boss, George (Edward Burns), to whom she is a personal assistant. Everyone knows about her infatuation except for George, who owns the eco-friendly outdoor sports magazine business that they work for. Flowers are delivered for Jane without a note and she excitedly assumes that they are from George. When she leaves work with Casey (Judy Greer), Jane says that she has to go and pick up her sister from the airport but that she will see Casey later at another coworker's engagement party that night. At the airport, Jane picks up her sister, Tess (Malin Akerman) who has been working in Milan as a model. They go back to Jane's apartment, where Tess will be staying for a few weeks, and they talk about their parent's wedding photo which Jane has framed in her house. They agree that it was romantic but Tess dislikes her mother's dress while Jane is completely taken with the entire event -- at the boat house, at sunset, etc. Tess proceeds to pick up a pile of newspaper clippings on the counter that are featured engagement profiles from the paper written by her favorite writer of engagement and wedding announcements, Malcolm Doyle, whose sweet descriptions and feelings make his the best. As they talk, Jane invites her sister to the engagement party and Tess admits that she has plans to meet with some friends from Milan for drinks, but will try and make it. The engagement party takes place in a bar and has a gothic theme. Jane is talking with Casey when George shows up and asks Jane what he had purchased the couple (which she had obvioulsy done for him.) After a few minutes of small talk, George asks Jane if "what he put on her desk" that morning was okay since their relationship had not "been that way" before. Jane says it was okay and, once George walks away, Casey (shocked that the flowers were actually from George) demands that she walk up to George and express her true feelings. Confident, Jane begins to walk toward the bar, and George, when she notices his gaze locking on something across the room. George is captivated by Tess (Akerman) who has just entered the bar looking for her sister. The two lock eyes and walk towards each other, directly in front of the deflating Jane. As they are introduced, George mentions that Jane is his lifeline and that she had even picked up his dry cleaning which he had left on her desk that morning. George then asks Tess if she would like to get a drink at the bar, an offer that Jane had turned down from him earlier in order to seem responsible. As Tess (Akerman) and George (Burns) head to the bar, Kevin (Marsden) appears and asks Jane (Heigl) if she liked the flowers that he sent. Upset at the situation, Jane excuses herself to scream in an adjacent room which turns out to be a private anniversary party where she embarrasses herself with her outburst. When she returns to the dance floor where Kevin is waiting, holding her drink, he gives her filofax back to her and jibes her about her full-time wedding duties and asks her to get a drink. Depressed about the situation, Jane declines and goes to the bar to influence her sister to leave for the night. However, Tess asks George to go dancing instead and, though George invites Jane, Tess subtly hints at her sister to decline the offer and they leave together. Jane goes back to her apartment but cannot sleep while her sister is out until the early hours of the morning. So, frustrated, Jane gets out of bed and does sit-ups, reads a wedding magazine, brushes her teeth and ultimately begins scrubbing the stove in the kitchen before Tess returns. Trying to play-down her obvious agitation, Jane listens as her sister talks about her "wonderful" evening and asks for details about George. Jane obliges, and gives unique details about him that reveal her feelings for him, but Tess does not pick up on her sister's crush. Tess reveals that she and George had gotten kind of intimate and that he wanted to have lunch the next day. She asks her sister if this would be alright and Jane, always sacrificing for others, says that it is fine. The next day, the girls visit their father at his hardware store. While they are having breakfast in his loft upstairs, George calls Tess and she giggles with him on the phone in another room while Jane becomes upset. In the office, Jane looks over into George's office and sees her sister in a short dress leaning over the desk and flirting with George. Jane opens her filofax and sees that Kevin has written his name on every Saturday in her planner along with his phone number. She calls him and tells him to leave her alone, but he renews the offer for drinks saying if she ever wanted to hang out with someone who didn't need her to "take them to a fitting or a cake tasting" he would be available. Once Jane hangs up, Pedro (David Castro), George's "little brother" from the Big Brother program, arrives for George to take him to his baseball game. George insists that both Jane and Tess come along so they leave for the game. At the game, George, Tess and Jane go to the concession stand to order some refreshments before the game. Jane orders a chili dog and asks Tess if she would like one when Tess says that she is a "recent vegetarian". Jane scoffs as she knows that Tess is lying because of Jane's statement that George does not eat meat. Tess also proceeds to comment on her hiking trips (while Jane rolls her eyes) and her love for their dog "Tory". Jane, finally fed up with her shenanigans, corrects her sister that the dog's name was "Toby" which Tess explains away as being what she called the dog due to her lisp. George rejoins and says that he, too, had a speech impediment as a child--he stuttered. Pedro calls for George to come and "shag some flies" with him on the field and when the girls are left alone, Jane confronts her sister on lying and hating Toby. Tess justifies herself saying that she could "learn to not eat meat", she likes the outdoors for tanning and she only hated it when Toby slobbered on her. George saves her from her sister's irritation when he calls for Tess to try her hand at batting (in a dress and heels). The next few scenes are a montage of Tess and George's relationship as Jane walks in on them making out in the apartment, sees a slideshow of pictures of them on George's office computer, etc. One night in the office, after everyone else has gone home, Jane goes into George's office to straighten up and notices that he has left his wallet. Scanning his desk calendar, she hurries to the restaurant listed to give him his wallet. When she walks into the restaurant, she sees that they entire area has been rented out, there is a band and they drop a banner that says "Will You Marry Me". George comes in and says "No, guys, that's not her" and they roll the banner back up. Jane, crushed, gives him back his wallet just as Tess walks in. The whole scene replays as George has his dog, Gatsby, bring in the ring, and he proposes to Tess while Jane tries, in vain, to escape the scene. After having to bear witness to the man she loves proposing to her sister, Jane agrees to meet Kevin (Marsden) at a bar. She explains her being upset as having to do with the anticipation of being "dumped on" by her sister to work out all of the wedding details. Kevin chides her for not being able to say no to anyone and they talk about her constant need to do whatever anyone asks. Then, the girls are back at their father's apartment with George and their father says that George is his "hero" for giving Jane a job and marrying Tess since she has now decided to stay in town. Their father hurries from the room to retrieve something and comes back with their mother's wedding gown for Tess. Jane is mortified and heartbroken as Tess picks up the dress saying how honored she is to be able to wear it (regardless of her earlier comments on how she disliked the dress). Noticing Jane's face, she says "I know that you wanted to wear mom's dress first..." to which Jane replies "It's fine--it's what she would have wanted." In the next scene, Jane is walking with her sister as her sister asks her about countless details that Jane has been taking care of alone. As they walk, Tess mentions that she and George are getting married in the same boathouse as their parents, in 3 weeks (that was the only opening and she didn't really want to wait, anyway). Jane is visibly upset since that was her plan for her wedding, but she defers again. Tess, aware that she has no real friends, asks Jane if Casey would be a bridesmaid because "she's pretty and won't throw off the asthetics". Jane, Tess and George visit a custom cake bakery and Jane uses her previous wedding business with the baker to get him to agree to make the wedding cake in 3 weeks. As George walks away to take a call, Kevin (Marsden) walks in and introduces himself as Malcolm Doyle, the Commitments writer who had contacted them about writing a feature on their wedding. Jane is stunned by this revelation and accuses him of lying to her, which he denies. Tess tells Kevin that Jane is his number one fan and that she saves his articles which only embarrasses Jane (and entertains Kevin) more. Jane pulls him aside and asks if he is really as cynical as he had acted in the past about weddings and he says yes which makes Jane feel like she "just found out her favorite song was written about a sandwich." In the next scene, Kevin arrives at Jane's apartment where she is doing dishes alone. Jane refuses to let him in but he insists that he needs to talk to all of the bride's friends and family for the article and gets her to open the door for "Tess and George." Kevin proceeds to turn on his tape recorder and ask a few questions about Jane's feelings on the matter (which she gives begrudgingly) when he notices a hall closet that is bursting open with a variety of colorful fabrics. When he asks Jane what is in the closet, she runs to close the door but Kevin manages to pry them open to reveal every bridesmaid dress and accessory that Jane has ever been asked to wear. Kevin insists that they are all hideous and Jane picks out one that she thinks is becoming and goes to her room to try it on. When she shows Kevin, he snaps a picture of her and she ultimately agrees that it's not that becoming. Entertained, Jane proceeds to put on every bridesmaid dress as a sort of informal fashion show for Kevin (who takes a picture of each outfit) including such horrible themes dresses as "Gone With the Wind" and a full SCUBA outfit for an underwater ceremony. Once all of the dresses have been shown, Kevin counts the photos (27 different dresses) and asks why she keeps them and suffers through them. Jane says that she has had some good times in those dresses and she wears them because one day those people will be there for her on her wedding. Saddened by the thought of her own wedding, Jane asks to just finish the interview and puts away the dresses. Back at the office, Kevin's editor asks for the article which he has not yet finished. He sends her his working draft and she loves it, guarenteeing him a spot on that Sunday's front page of the section. Kevin begs that it be postponed for a week as he tries to delve deeper into Jane's person with the editor commmenting "if I didn't know you better I would think that you have developed a little crush". Kevin thanks her for finally conceding and agreeing to postpone the feature. Jane arrives at George's apartment looking for her sister to finalize the guest list but Tess won't let her in. When she barges in, she finds that Tess has hired Pedro to clean the apartment which would infuriate George so Pedro has agreed to keep it a secret as he wants the afterschool job. Jane and Kevin are in a store registering Tess for her wedding gifts. As they scan items, Kevin comments on Tess' outrageous abuse of her sister's services and mocks Jane's comments on the meaning of the gifts ("and this is the vase that Tess will put the flowers that George brings home just because"). As Kevin makes her progressively more angry with his cynicism, Jane says that she believes that he hates weddings because he hasn't found someone to love or he was dumped at the altar. Kevin says "bingo" as his wife had run away with his roommate from college after their big ceremony. Jane, feeling horrible about being right that his wedding had ended so poorly and made him cynical, asks if he would like to find all the ugliest things in the store and "register Tess for them." Jane receives a call from George to come preview the menu for the wedding with him since Tess would be getting her hair done and unable to attend. Jane happily joins and almost tells George of Tess' lies but decides against it at the last minute. Kevin calls Tess asking for Jane, and Tess tells him where she is (at the boathouse). Kevin shows up and sees Jane laughing with George and instantly realizes her feelings for him. He tries to sneak away but George sees him and Kevin volunteers to go with Jane to pick up vintage table linens in another city since George has to make dinner with his parents (Jane tries to get George to come instead, but Kevin is insisitent.) In the car driving in the rain, Kevin confronts Jane with her "sick" love triangle--helping her sister plan her wedding to the man she is secretly in love with. Jane becomes angry at Kevin's comments and begins to drive haphazardly. Kevin begins to get nervous at their speed and warns that they might hydroplane, only annoying Jane more. Of course, they hydroplance off of a curve, down an incline and into a tree where there car is stuck in the mud. They run in the rain to a nearby bar and find that the phones are out and they can't get cell phone reception. Kevin, deciding that there is nothing left to do but wait out the storm, sits at the bar and orders a drink. Jane joins him, defeated, and insists that she will only drink one. Next scene, and presumably many drinks later, Jane asks Kevin about a specific wedding that he had written about where the ceremony was held on the anniversary of the parents' deaths and the brother was flown in from Afghanistan for it. Kevin claims he doesn't remember it and Jane insists that he must and he's doing it all to appear "mysterious and sexy". Kevin does tell her that his favorite part of weddings is watching the groom's face while the bride comes down the aisle (which Jane had earlier recounted to George as her favorite part). Suddenly, the juke box comes on playing Elton John's "Bennie and the Jets". Kevin begins to sing with the juke box but Jane laughingly points out that he is not singing any of the right words, so she tries (only further butchering the lyrics). Suddenly, they are both standing on the bar in front of a crowd of people dancing and singing the chorus of the song at the top of their lungs. At the end of the song, the frenzied crowd helps Kevin down, who turns to help Jane off of the bar. When she comes down in his arms he admits that he "cried like a baby" at the wedding she had mentioned and they start to kiss. Next, you see them back in the car as Jane works to take Kevin's shirt off and they fall into the back seat. The next morning, Kevin brings coffee to the car and they both walk to a nearby diner for breakfast while they wait for the towtruck. At breakfast, one of the people from the night before point them out as "Bennie and the Jets" and they laugh about the night before. The waitress comes to give them their orders and she notices Jane and says, "Hey, you're that girl!" Jane nods and says, "Yes, I'm Bennie, he's the Jets" with a smile but the waitress rushes to the counter and brings back a newspaper. Jane takes the paper and sees her pictures all of the feature story about her 27 bridesmaid experiences. Kevin suddenly realizes that his editor ran the piece early and tries to explain. Jane, upset, leaves the diner and slaps Kevin soundly in the face for using her. Back at the paper, Kevin demands to know why his editor ran the piece early since he had not even had time to tell Jane about the piece yet. The editor insists that he should be thanking her, and walks away. Jane arrives back at her apartment where her sister is fuming over the article which portrayed her as "Bridezilla". She yells at Jane and answers the phone, which turns out to be Kevin calling, and she screams at him. She then storms out of the apartment yelling, "You might want to alert traffic control because Bridezilla's on the loose!" The next day at work, Jane throws away a stack of missed call notices from Kevin and Casey comes over to talk. Jane asks that they not talk about the article when George calls her into his office. She immediately begins apologizing, but George insists that it is alright and he only wanted to make sure that she was okay. Grateful, Jane nods and George says, "No one reads that section anyway" even though it is the most popular section of the paper (as mentioned earlier in the movie). Jane arrives at a bridal boutique where Tess is standing in her underwear with a checklist. Tess says that she has decided to forgive Jane. But insists that at that night's rehearsal dinner, Jane read off of a script that Tess wrote to go along with a powerpoint. Jane agrees and the store's employees come in with Tess' wedding dress. Tess puts it on and it is a completely different dress than their mother's. Confused, Jane asks where their mother's dress is and Tess explains that she had it incorporated into the new dress and the remaining pieces of their mother's dress have been saved for Jane. Enraged, Jane demands that Tess tell George the truth about everything or she will. Tess says that Jane would never hurt her sister like that and Jane replies that Tess is no longer her sister she's just the girl who broke her heart and cut up her mother's wedding dress. The next scene, Jane comes into the rehearsal dinner and Tess hurriedly checks to make sure that Jane is still going to read only from the script. Jane nods and then goes to cue-up the powerpoint for the dinner. As everyone sits, Jane begins the powerpoint that she put together reading only the script, however, the powerpoint has pictures of Tess eating a large plate of barbeque with her engagement ring on, picking a cat up awkwardly by the legs, acting afraid of Gatsby (George's dog), etc. At the end of the show, Tess tries to explain as Casey pulls Pedro up to the front to try and save the dinner. Pedro, however, talks about how great Tess is for agreeing to help him start his cleaning business and letting him clean George's apartment. George leaves the room and breaks off the engagement while Jane feels horrible about what she has done. Going outside to escape the chaos she created, Jane tries not to cry as Kevin, who had been lurking in the back of the rehearsal dinner, comes outside to comfort her. He apologizes for hurting her and said that he came to ask forgiveness and to be there for her, which was something that he had not wanted to do for a long time. He gives Jane a palm pilot to replace her outdated filofax and then walks away, saying that he would never bother her again. Jane is in her father's store telling him that Tess will never forgive her as Tess comes in, lured by her father. The two girls have a heated argument over the situation where Tess accuses Jane of always feeling like she had to fill in as Tess' mother and Jane accuses Tess of always having everything. Tess admits to wanting to be more like Jane and that she was in town because she had been fired in Milan and her Italian boyfriend had dumped her. She had seen George as a way to start over and had jumped at the chance. Finally coming to an understanding, the two girls hug and try to decide what they are going to do now. Later that night, Jane receives a call from George asking her to fill in as his date for a business function since his recent break-up has left him without time to get a date. She shows up to the office and George, who is grateful that everything came out since the entire affair had been so rushed, asks Jane to pull up his presentation before they go since he can't find it. When she agrees and hurries to his computer, George says, "That's what I love about you, Jane, you always say yes." Suddenly, Jane stands up and looks at George with realization. She quits and explains to him that the only reason she had stayed for so long was because she had become comfortable and thought she was in love with him. George silences her with a kiss that Jane actually says has no spark. They try again but the kiss still falls short of her expectations. Just as they are standing there, her new palm pilot rings (it's a phone too) and the ringtone is "Bennie and the Jets". Smiling widely, she apologizes to George and runs from the office. Jane goes to the newspaper looking for Kevin and finds out that he is covering his last wedding (having been promoted out of Commitments due to the phenomenal response to his feature article). Jane hurries to the pier where the wedding ship is getting ready to leave. She jumps onto the ship and walks through the crowd looking for Kevin. As she searches, the bride notices her and knows her from the article and is excited that she is at her wedding (as though she is a celebrity). Jane quickly fills the eager bride in on the situation and the bride pulls her to the stage and gives her a microphone where she is spolighted for all of the guests to see. She confesses her feelings for Kevin who is watching in shock from the middle of the crowd. When she finishes, she awkwardly leaves the stage and tries to make her way to the back of the boat where Kevin stops her and they kiss. The next, and final scene, is Kevin and Jane's beach wedding. Tess is welcoming guests where George and Pedro arrive. Tess introduces herself like they had never met and says she "has a hamburger a day" and her "idea of a pet is a rock". They laugh together and George sits down. The wedding begins and Jane joins Kevin at the altar with a voice over saying that he was looking at her just as she'd always hoped her groom would. Kevin asks if it was as good as she had hoped for to which she replies, "No more, much more." The camera pans out to show that after Tess and Casey, 27 brides stand along the boardwalk each wearing the bridesmaid's dress from their respective weddings. 