nm0006716:

 The Last: Naruto the Movie (2014)55) Hinata Hyuga's younger sister has been kidnapped, so Naruto must do what he can to save her. Hanabi Hyuuga, the younger sister of Hinata is kidnapped by Toneri Ootsutsuki, and a disheartened Naruto Uzumaki must put himself together to help his new found love save her younger sister. Naruto's abilities are put to the test when he loses his most powerful form - the Sage of Six Paths cloak. Silver Wind Two years after the events of the Fourth Great Ninja War, the moon that Hagoromo Otsutsuki created long ago to seal away the Gedo Statue begins to descend towards the world, threatening to become a meteor that would destroy everything on impact. Amidst this crisis, a direct descendant of Kaguya Otsutsuki named Toneri Otsutsuki attempts to kidnap Hinata Hyuga but ends up abducting her younger sister Hanabi. Naruto and his allies now mount a rescue mission before finding themselves embroiled in a final battle to decide the fate of everything. Set two years after the Fourth Great Shinobi War, the world faces a new threat, turning to Naruto Uzumaki and his comrades to extinguish the approaching crisis following the kidnapping of Hannabi Hyuga. The film strongly focuses on the growing relationship between Naruto Uzumaki and Hinata Hyuga (Hannabi's older sister) as the two take on the obstacle ahead with the help of their friends. DrewJackFar Two years after the fourth great ninja war the moon begins to descend towards the earth threatening to destroy everything upon impact, During the commotion Hanabi Hyuga is kidnapped by the alien Toneri, Naruto Uzumaki, Hinata Hyuga, Sai, Sakura Harino and Shikamaru Nara must rescue her but due to the circumstances Hinata Hyuga leaves everyone else to go with Toneri to save Hanabi, Naruto finally realises that he loves her and will do everything to get her back. This film mainly focuses on Naruto and Hinata and the love story they have. Sam Gutkowski It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Power Rangers Samurai (20112012)Summaries Five teenagers inherit samurai powers from ancient Japan to protect the world from an army of monsters. A new generation of Power Rangers must master the mystical and ancient Samurai Symbols of Power which give them control over the elements of Fire, Water, Sky, Forest, and Earth. Under the guidance of their all-knowing mentor and the aid of their devoted animal Zords, they battle the dark forces of the Netherworld and a mysterious Warrior bent on destruction. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Power Rangers Super Megaforce: The Legendary Battle (2015 Video)Summaries As Orion leaves to go back to his home planet, Tensou discovers a radio frequency from Emperor Mavro stating he will use his entire Armada to invade Earth! The Rangers fight back and they don't give up. But when The Emperor and his army destroy all the Super Mega Zords, the Super Mega Rangers must unite and fight alongside all the Legendary Rangers from the past to defeat the army of over a thousand X-Borgs. In the Extended Edition containing 8 minutes of extra footage, the Rangers must use more Legendary Modes and Battlizers to make sure Emperor Mavro and the Armada are gone for good. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Power Rangers Megaforce (20002014)Summaries An evil galactic armada has come to destroy the planet Earth and the newest team of Power Rangers must harness powers from Rangers of the past to stop them as the Power Rangers Megaforce. When the evil Warstar aliens attack Earth, the supernatural guardian Gosei and his faithful robot assistant Tensou recruit five teenagers with attitude to combat the invading forces. Equipped with powers that grant them mastery over martial arts and other forms of combat, the teenagers transform into the latest champions of good: The Power Rangers Megaforce! Elliott Monroe When the Warstar Alien Armada plans to destroy Earth, an entity, by the name of Gosei, recruits a group of teenagers to become the Power Rangers Megaforce and eventually evolve into Super Megaforce. However, they need more power than they think to stop this armada. To achieve this, Gosei grants them the ability to use the powers of legendary Power Rangers, rangers from the past, and later unite with the actual Legendary Rangers for a huge, epic battle the Rangers have never encountered before. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 