nm0011380:

 Dallas (19781991)Summaries J.R. Ewing, a Texas oil baron, uses manipulation and blackmail to achieve his ambitions, both business and personal. He often comes into conflict with his brother Bobby, his arch-enemy Cliff Barnes and his long-suffering wife Sue Ellen. Popular evening soap opera-style television drama. The show was set in Dallas, Texas and chronicled the exploits of wealthy Texas oil millionaires. Many of the plots revolved around shady business dealings and dysfunctional family dynamics. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> The saga of the wealthy Ewing family, patriarch Jock Ewing, who started Ewing Oil, the family corporation; Miss Ellie, his wife who properly managed Southfork Ranch, the family home; and their three sons, J.R., the ruthless CEO of Ewing Oil, married to former Miss Texas Sue Ellen Shepard; Bobby, the nice guy, who married Pamela Barnes, daughter of the Ewing's chief business rival; and Gary, considered an outcast by his father, who eventually moved to California with his wife Valene. Phil Fernando It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Young and the Restless (1973 )Summaries Set in Genoa City, this is the long-running soap that tells the story of the struggle behind the business, and sex-savvy Abbott and Newman clans. Set in Genoa City, Wisconsin, this soap opera focuses on the saga between two wealthy families in the cosmetics industry: the Newmans and the Abbotts. Head the Newman clan is Victor Newman, the arrogant, cavorting billionaire and his wife Nikki. Running the Abbott show is Jack Abbott, the irresponsible playboy and CEO, and his sister Ashley. Most of the show is centered on the competition between the two companies: Newman Enterprises and Jabot. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kojak (19731978)Summaries A bald, lollipop sucking police detective with a fiery righteous attitude battles crime in his city. Lt. Theo Kojak is the main character in this popular television police drama. Kojak is a tough cop, but his trademark is a fondness for lollipops. Despite his difficult work, he tirelessly brings criminals to justice while staying upbeat and good-natured. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> A bald New York City detective cop, Lt. Theo Kojak, is primarily best-known for his no-nonsense capacity of bringing criminals and sending them to justice, in a calmly and quietly matter. He also had the knack of licking lollipops and using his popular catch-phrase, "Who Loves Ya, Baby?" At work in the New York Precinct, prior to loading up several cases on the scene of the crime, he frequently supports and often had a close bond with each of his workers, Capt. Frank MacNeil, who was his primarily boss who was also promoted as Chief of Detectives, Det. Bobby Crocker (with whom he always admired, all the time) as Kojak's loyal partner, and Det. Stavros. Gary Richard Collins II (hugsarealwaysinorder@yahoo.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Doctors (19631982)Summaries Dr. Matt Powers is head of Hope Memorial Hospital in the town of Madison, concerning himself with the staff and patients with their attending dramas. He is primarily supported by his wife Maggie, their good friends Dr. Althea Davis and Dr. Nick Bellini, and eventually the extensive Aldrich family over the years. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 