nm0001541:

 San Andreas (2015)651) In the aftermath of a massive earthquake in California, a rescue-chopper pilot makes a dangerous journey with his ex-wife across the state in order to rescue his daughter. In San Andreas, California is experiencing a statewide earthquake that goes on record as easily the biggest earthquake in history. Dwayne Johnson plays Ray Gaines, a helicopter rescue pilot for the Los Angeles Fire Department, who is trying to find his daughter, Blake (Alexandra Daddario), who is in San Francisco amid-st the chaos. Ray's estranged wife, Emma, is forced to turn to Ray for help, as he is her last resort. Together they journey to save their daughter. ahmetkozan In Los Angeles, the Fire Department Air Rescue pilot Raymond "Ray" Gaines will drive his daughter Blake to San Francisco since she has joined the university. He is divorcing from his wife Emma that intends to move in together with her wealthy boyfriend Daniel Riddick. Meanwhile the researchers Dr. Lawrence Hayes and Dr. Kim Park from the Caltech travel to a dam to check their seismic studies and there is a strong earthquake collapsing the dam. Lawrence discovers that the San Andreas Fault is moving and will cause a huge earthquake in Los Angeles and San Francisco. Ray needs to travel to help the victims from the dam and Daniel offers to take Blake to San Francisco since he has a meeting in the city. Daniel brings Blake to his office and while waiting for him, she befriends the British architect Ben Taylor and his younger brother Ollie Taylor. When Ray is flying to the dam, there is an earthquake in Los Angeles and then the earthquake reaches San Francisco. What will happen next? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Chief Raymond Gaines, a former Afghanistan helicopter pilot and now a search-and-rescue pilot for the Los Angeles Fire Department, has to cope with a divorce and a painful family tragedy. When a sudden massive earthquake demolishes Hoover Dam, triggering a devastating string of quakes from L.A. to San Francisco by the entire length of the San Andreas fault, Ray will embark on a frenzied mission to rescue not only his estranged wife, Emma but also his trapped eighteen-year-old daughter, Blake. Inevitably, as scientists warn for yet another catastrophic seism, Ray needs to succeed in the most important rescue of his life, however, is there enough time? Nick Riganas Helicopter pilot Raymond Gaines leads a military veterans rescue team in the LAFD, including Joby O'Leary. Gaines grudgingly misses out on a weekend with his daughter Blake, who announces being engaged to leading architect Daniel Riddick and moving in with him at San Francisco. After Caltech seismologist Dr. Lawrence Hayes's team spots worrying quake-predicting data, his colleague Dr. Kim Park follows up at the Hoover Dam, where he dies as at breaks down. As Hayes warns on TV, the persisting parameters indicate the whole San Andreas Fault is going to quake as badly, wrecking metropolises LA and San Francisco. Picking up his ex Emma, Gaines abandons his duty to search for Blake, even after her cellphone breaking down suggests her probably already being buried. Luckily for her, she was saved from the subterranean car parking of duly fleeing Riddicks's HQ by applying British architect Ben Taylor, who has a crush on her, encouraged as in all by his dashing kid brother Ollie, so the trio heads for higher ground despite the dim chances of rescue and the likelihood of further collapses, unaware there rescue is on its way. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a girl, Natalie ( Morgan Griffin ), driving along the cliffs of San Fernando Valley, 16 miles (25.75 km) north of Los Angeles, when suddenly a rock slide pushes the car, causing it to fall and then hang at the edge of a cliff. Moments later, Los Angeles Fire Department helicopter-pilot Chief Raymond "Ray" Gaines ( Dwayne Johnson ) and his other colleagues comes to rescue the girl trapped in the car. Ray safely rescues the girl moments before the car falls off the cliff. In CALTECH, Dr. Kim Park ( Will Yun Lee ) receives data of minor earthquakes in Falco, Nevada and shows it to his colleague and seismologist Lawrence Hayes ( Paul Giamatti ). The minor quakes measure 2.0 to 2.6. Hayes is curious about why such minor quakes can happen even where there are no faults in Nevada. Hayes and Park decide to go to Nevada to find out. While Ray is calling his daughter, Blake ( Alexandra Daddario ), for an upcoming trip to San Francisco, he receives divorce papers. Recently, he was divorced from his estranged wife Emma ( Carla Gugino ) and she is now with her new boyfriend Daniel Riddick ( Ioan Gruffudd ). Meanwhile, at the Hoover Dam, Park along with Hayes is now testing a magnetic pulse of quake. Suddenly, his device detects a spike pulse and then a stronger earthquake triggers. It measures 7.0 - highest ever recorded there. As the dam starts to break, Park struggles to escape while Hayes tells the people still on the dam to get off. Park now exits the dam facility, however when he sees a girl afraid to move on the breaking dam, he stops to grab her and carry her out. The girl is rescued but Park is impaled by a rod in his right foot. The dam completely crumbles and Park is killed. The disaster leads to the flooding of towns. The earthquake is the strongest and most destructive ever recorded in Nevada's history. Back in California, Ray arrives at his family's house to plan for their trip. But Ray is called back to work to rescue disaster victims in Nevada. Daniel and Blake drive in to San Francisco for a meeting. While Daniel is having a meeting, Blake meets an English guy named Ben Taylor ( Hugo Johnstone-Burt ) - having an interview - and his brother, Ollie ( Art Parkinson ). In CALTECH, the reporter, Serena ( Archie Panjabi ) arrives and wants to interview Hayes about what happen in Nevada. Hayes states that they didn't know there was any fault line there. He says that they should be able to predict an earthquake. One of his colleague interrupts Hayes and presents him with data showing the pulse rates detected along the entire San Andreas fault. The pulse rates are higher than Nevada. Hayes then explains to them why the earthquake triggered in Nevada even with no fault line: his theory is to draw a fault line near Nevada and it connects to the end of the fault boundary. Hayes predicts that the whole San Andreas might trigger. In Los Angeles, Emma is having a lunch with Daniel's sister, Susan, in a high rise restaurant. After some conversation with Susan, Emma answers a call from Ray, in the helicopter en route for maintenance. Ray apologizes to Emma for what he did the other day. Their phone conversation is interrupted by the strong earthquake. Emma tells Ray that they're having an earthquake and he also notices that the freeway is crumbling. Ray instructs Emma to get to the roof for rescue. According to the CALTECH, the first major earthquake peaked at 8.5 and later 9.1. Not only in Los Angeles, but the whole of California and the quake is heading to San Francisco where Blake and Daniel are. While the ensuing destructive earthquake hits, the people inside the building panic in terror; some are injured. Emma tells Susan to get to the roof, but she goes to the exit and is killed in a crumbling floor. Emma makes it to the roof, with the floor and the surrounding structures crumbling around her. Emma manages to recover and emerges from the rubble. Finally, Ray rescues Emma and they barely escape as the surrounding structures collapse. The whole city is now completely devastated. Meanwhile in San Francisco, after Ben's interview, Blake borrows Ollie's book to write her number in it for Ben to call her. Blake and Daniel are leaving the building parking lot when the earthquake hits. They manages to escape but the ceiling collapses and they become trapped. The debris crushes part of the car, trapping Blake's leg under the driver's seat. Daniel goes to get help. As Daniel calls for help, the debris falls near him and kills a security guard. Daneil flees in terror instead of saving Blake. However, Ben and Ollie are struggling to save Blake as the debris above her continues to press the roof. By using the jack to lift the debris, the driver's seat pushes away but Blake's leg is still stuck. Finally Ben pops the car tires lowering the car and they rescue her. The trio get out of the building as the aftershock continues. The trio decides to go to the electronic store to contact Ray. At the store, Blake finds a phone and she calls her parents telling them that she's okay. Also, she tells them that Daniel left her. This makes Emma angry and she leaves a nasty message on Daniel's voicemail. Ray advises Blake that they will need to get out immediately and to go to the Coit Tower as a rendezvous. Ray and Emma quickly head to San Francisco to save their daughter. Meanwhile, Daniel is walking through the crowd in the street when suddenly another strong earthquake hits. The structure over the crowd collapses. In order to save himself, Daniel steals the safe spot of one of someone else and the victim is swept away by the debris. When Ray and Emma are en route to the city, the helicopter's engine fails, forcing them to make a crash landing into a superstore in Bakersfield. As they try to steal a vehicle, which is already stolen, the thief aims a gun at Ray but Ray manages to subdue the perpetrator and they drive away. With the help of Serena, Hayes is able to warn the people through news coverage of a much bigger earthquake about to hit San Francisco. He tells the people of San Francisco to get out now because their lives depends on it. After Ray and Emma obtain the vehicle, they drive till they meet an elderly couple who warns them to stop - it is the now-opened San Andreas fault rendering the road impassable. They drive back to the old couple's home. The couple happens to own an airplane which Ray exchanges for the stolen car. Ray and Emma manage to fly the plane to San Francisco. While on the plane, Ray recaps what happen with their daughter, Mallory, who died in a rafting accident. Ray regrets he could not save his daughter. This the underlying reason Emma wants a divorce. Then they fly to San Francisco. Blake, Ben and Ollie, walk through the crowded streets to Coit Tower - the agreed on meeting place. However, it is already engulfed in flames so they change the plan by going to the highest ground which is Nob Hill in order to signal Blake's family. Ray and Emma make it to San Francisco but they cannot land the plane because the airport has a lot of cracks and scattered planes. Ray and Emma have no choice but to sky dive into the stadium leaving the plane to crash into the Pacific Ocean when it runs out of fuel. Meanwhile, Blake, Ben and Ollie are walking through the deserted street when the strong earthquake hits. The earthquake measures 9.6, the largest recorded in history. Blake and Ollie quickly get to the side of the street ... but Ben goes to the opposite side. The glass shards, coming from the building, cuts Ben's leg. The remaining still-standing structures are destroyed, the ground ruptures, suspension bridges crumble, etc. At the same time, Ray manages to tell other people people to move to safety on the other side of the stadium as the structure crashes down. After the earthquake, Blake carefully removes the glass shard from Ben's leg and then they move to the highest ground. Ray and Emma drive a boat to the city where they see Coit Tower is on fire. Ray knows that Blake has gone somewhere else. They notice that the water is receding quickly, which means a tsunami is about to hit the city. As the trio receives the tsunami warning from the radio, it is too late for them to head to the highest ground. So, the trio quickly heads to Daniel's unfinished building. Ray and Emma, in the boat (and many other boats), manage to drive into the giant tidal wave. They make it to the top just before the wave crests though they are almost hit by a cargo ship that is carried along by the tidal wave. Daniel, happens to be on the Golden Gate Bridge when the wave strikes. He is crushed by a falling shipping container from the overturned cargo ship. The cargo ship slices the Golden Gate Bridge in half and the tidal wave continues to race towards the city. Sadly, most of the people on the ground are swept away by water and debris. The trio is in now in the building when the tidal wave hits. Ray and Emma drive the boat through the devastated town looking for Blake. Blake and Ollie sees her parents riding in the boat but they don't see Blake. Ollie then uses the laser pointer that he obtained from the electronics store to attract Blake's parents' attention. Now the parents see them, but before they can save them, the building starts to sink into the ground. Blake is separated from the two brothers as they make it up to the next floor. Blake is now trapped inside as the water continues to rise. Ray manages to get to his daughter, but now the exits are jammed. Blake then seems to have drowned and Ray struggles to get her body out. As the building is going to collapse, Emma crashes through the window in the boat and they quickly get out as the building finally collapses. Once outside, Ray continues to try and then successfully revives Blake - reunited with her family. The two boys are also rescued. Later, the five make it to safety in Marin County. The family along with Ben and Ollie watch the sunset on the destroyed and radically altered geography of the San Francisco Bay Area and they talk about the future. They also see an American flag is waving over the now-destroyed Golden Gate Bridge. 
 Street Fighter (1994)Summaries Col. Guile and various other martial arts heroes fight against the tyranny of Dictator M. Bison and his cohorts. Col. William Guile leads an army of soldiers into the country of Shadaloo to find traces to lead him to General M. Bison, who has captured many people including three missing soldiers. Among them is Carlos "Charlie" Blanka, in which Bison decides to turn into a hideous mutant. On the other hand, Chun Li is a reporter who seeks revenge against Bison for the death of her father years ago. Then two small time hustlers Ryu and Ken, are arrested along with Sagat, a powerful arms dealer and Vega for dealing of illegal weapons. Guile recruits them in order to find Bison's base. Now Guile, T. Hawk, Cammy, Ryu, Ken, Chun Li, Balrog and E. Honda have three days before Bison murders the hostages and takes over the world. Emphinix After months of fighting, a multinational military force of the Allied Nations has managed to enter the city. The AN is fighting against the armed forces of drug-lord turned the evil warlord General M. Bison, who has recently captured a couple of dozen AN workers. Bison makes his demands in a live two-way TV broadcast with William F. Guile, the commander of the AN forces. If he is not paid $20 billion in three days he will kill the hostages! And so Guile and M. Bison will be facing off in the ultimate final showdown! Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Neighbours (1985 )Summaries Australian soap opera exploring the lives and relationships of the residents of Ramsay Street in Erinsborough. Serial chronicling the lives of the residents of Ramsay Street in the fictional Australian suburb of Erinsborough. When the series began, it revolved around three families - the Ramsays, the Robinsons and the Clarkes, living at no. 24, no. 26 and no. 28 respectively. Nowadays, the scope of the programme is much wider and only one member of the original families remains in the street. The show reached a watershed in 1997 when the last remaining original character, Helen Daniels, died. The departure of her relatives and arrival of the Scully family marked the start of a new era for Neighbours. There's never a dull moment in Ramsay Street, and despite their many feuds, the residents will always - in the words of the show's theme tune - "be there for one another". Jon Brown <jonbrown@skynow.co.uk> Now Australia's longest-running drama series entering its 17th year of production, Neighbours follows the lives and dramas of the residents of Ramsay Street, a quiet cul de sac in the fictitious Melbourne suburb of Erinsborough. Originally focusing on three families - the Ramsays, Robinsons and Clarkes - the show went on to achieve international fame in the late 1980s when the characters of Scott Robinson and Charlene Mitchell were married after a courtship that captured the hearts of millions of viewers. The other characters of the time were equally as popular, including such legends as the street's resident busybody Mrs. Mangel, widower Jim Robinson, his ruthless businessman son Paul and fuddy duddy Harold Bishop, who went on to marry no-nonsense Madge Ramsay - granddaughter of Jack Ramsay, the man the street was named after. Over the years, hundreds of characters have come and gone - and as the original families have moved on, other families have replaced them including the Willises, Starks, and Martins, and later the Kennedys, Scullys and Hancocks. For many years, the matriarch of the show was Helen Daniels, the glamorous granny who was always on hand to give the residents advice and support over a cup of herbal tea until her death in 1997 after 12 years on the show. Moe-6 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Moulin Rouge! (2001)651) A poor Bohemian poet in 1890s Paris falls for a beautiful courtesan and nightclub star whom a jealous duke covets. The year is 1899, and Christian, a young English writer, has come to Paris to follow the Bohemian revolution taking hold of the city's drug and prostitute infested underworld. And nowhere is the thrill of the underworld more alive than at the Moulin Rouge, a night club where the rich and poor men alike come to be entertained by the dancers, but things take a wicked turn for Christian as he starts a deadly love affair with the star courtesan of the club, Satine. But her affections are also coveted by the club's patron: the Duke. A dangerous love triangle ensues as Satine and Christian attempt to fight all odds to stay together but a force that not even love can conquer is taking its toll on Satine... O.G. Christian, a young wannabe Bohemian poet living in 1899 Paris, defies his father by joining the colorfully diverse clique inhabiting the dark, fantastical underworld of Paris' now legendary Moulin Rouge. In this seedy but glamorous haven of sex, drugs and newly-discovered electricity, the poet-innocent finds himself plunged into a passionate but ultimately tragic love affair with Satine, the club's highest paid star and the city's most famous courtesan. Their romance is played out against the infamous club - a meeting place of high life and low, where slumming aristocrats and the fashionably rich mingled with workers, artists, Bohemians, actresses and courtesans. Sujit R. Varma In 1900, Christian, an impoverished writer who has come from England the year before, types his story: he arrived in Montmartre and fell in with Toulouse-Lautrec and Bohemians who believe in freedom, truth, beauty, and love. They want to sell a show to the Moulin Rouge, and its impresario wants a backer so he can build a proper theatre. Christian's playing a duke, who wants exclusive access to the favors of Satine, the Moulin Rouge's consumptive star. She wants to be a proper actress, so the duke's offer is fine - except that she and Christian fall in love. Can Satine keep the Duke at bay without losing his patronage, will he discover the lovers and kill Christian, and can love trump jealousy? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It's Paris in 1899. Christian, a young English poet, comes to Paris to pursue a penniless career as a writer. However, he soon meets a group of Bohemians who tell him that he should write a musical show for them to be performed at the Moulin Rouge, the most famous underworld night club in Paris. The night they arrive at the Moulin Rouge, Christian meets Satine, the club's star and a beautiful courtesan. He falls head-over-heels in love with her and though it takes a bit of convincing, she falls for him as well. Meanwhile, the club's owner, Harold Zidler, invests in a wealthy Duke to help pay for the club, however, the Duke will only pay if Satine is his. This crazy love triangle twists and turns. And little does Satine know that she has a deadly secret that could end everything. sweetlilcyclone210 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 1900, a depressed writer named Christian begins writing on his typewriter ("Nature Boy"). One year earlier, Christian moved to the Montmartre district of Paris to become a writer among members of the area's Bohemian movement. He encounters performers led by Toulouse-Lautrec; his writing skills allow them to finish their proposed show, "Spectacular Spectacular", that they wish to sell to Harold Zidler, owner of the Moulin Rouge. The group arrives at the Moulin Rouge as Zidler and his "Diamond Dog Dancers" perform for the audience ("Lady Marmalade/Zidler's Rap (Can Can)/Smells Like Teen Spirit"). Toulouse arranges for Christian to see Satine, the star courtesan, in her private quarters to present the work, unaware that Zidler is promising Satine to the wealthy and unscrupulous Duke of Monroth, a potential investor in the cabaret ("Sparkling Diamonds" medley). Satine mistakes Christian for the Duke, and dances with him before retiring to her private chamber with him to discuss things privately ("Rhythm of the Night), but soon learns he is just a writer; by this time Christian has fallen in love with her ("Your Song"). The Duke interrupts them; Christian and Satine claim they were practicing lines for "Spectacular Spectacular". With Zidler's help, Toulouse and the rest of the troupe pitch the show to the Duke with an improvised plot about an evil maharajah attempting to woo an Indian courtesan who loves a poor sitar player ("The Pitch (Spectacular Spectacular)"). The Duke backs the show on the condition that only he may see Satine. Satine contemplates on Christian and her longing to leave the Moulin Rouge to become "a real actress" ("One Day I'll Fly Away"). Christian goes back to Satine to convince her that she loves him ("Elephant Love Medley"). As the cabaret is converted to a theater, Christian and Satine continue seeing each other under the pretense of rehearsing Satine's lines. The Duke becomes jealous and warns Zidler that he may stop financing the show; Zidler arranges for Satine to dine with the Duke that evening, but she falls ill from tuberculosis ("Grecki"). Zidler makes excuses to the Duke, claiming that Satine has gone to confession ("Like a Virgin"). Zidler learns that Satine does not have long to live. Satine tells Christian that their relationship endangers the show, but he counters by writing a secret love song to affirm their love ("Come What May"). As the Duke watches Christian rehearsing with Satine, Nini, a jealous performer, points out that the play is a metaphor for Christian, Satine and the Duke. Enraged, the Duke demands the ending be changed so that the courtesan ends up with the maharajah; Satine offers to spend the night with the Duke to keep the original ending. At the Duke's quarters, Satine sees Christian on the streets below, and realizes she cannot go through with this ("El Tango de Roxanne: "Roxanne/Tanguera"). The Duke tries to rape her, but she is saved by Le Chocolat, one of the cabaret dancers, and reunited with Christian, who urges her to run away with him. The Duke tells Zidler he will have Christian killed if Satine is not his. Zidler reiterates this warning to Satine, but when she refuses to return, he finally informs her she is dying ("A Fool to Believe"). Satine tells Christian they can no longer see each other as she will be staying with the Duke ("The Show Must Go On"). Christian tries following her, but is denied entry to the Moulin Rouge, and becomes depressed, even though Toulouse insists that Satine loves him. The night of the show, Christian sneaks into the Moulin Rouge, intending to pay Satine to return his love just as the Duke paid for her ("Hindi Sad Diamonds"). He catches Satine before she steps on stage and demands she tell him she does not love him. Suddenly they find themselves in the spotlight; Zidler convinces the audience that Christian is the disguised sitar player. Christian denounces Satine and walks off the stage. From the rafters, Toulouse cries out, "The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return", spurring Satine to sing the song Christian wrote to express their love. Christian returns to the stage, joining her in the song. The Duke's bodyguard tries to kill Christian, but is thwarted, while the Duke's own attempt is stopped by Zidler. The Duke storms out of the cabaret as Christian and Satine complete their song ("Come What May (Reprise)", "Coup d'tat (Finale)"). After the curtain closes, Satine succumbs to tuberculosis. She and Christian affirm their love before she dies. A year later the Moulin Rouge has closed down, and Christian is writing the tale of his love for Satine, a "love that will live forever" ("Nature Boy (Reprise)"). 