nm0001542:

 Go (1999)651) The aftermath of a drug deal as told from three different points of view. Told from three perspectives, a story of a bunch of young Californians trying to get some cash, do and deal some drugs, score money and sex in Las Vegas, and generally experience the rush of life. Vladimir Zelevinsky <vz@alum.mit.edu> Three intertwined stories covering twenty-four hours, each starting at a Los Angeles supermarket on Christmas Eve, are told. In "Ronna", Ronna is a clerk at the supermarket working her third shift in a row as she needs to come up with rent money by tomorrow or be evicted from her apartment. At the check-out, she is approached by two young men looking for another cashier, "the British guy", who is their drug dealer. They want twenty hits of E for a party that evening. As the British guy Simon is away, Ronna seizes upon what she sees as an opportunity to raise her rent money by being their dealer for the day. She decides to go to Simon's regular supplier, Todd, for the drugs. The drug deals don't go quite as Ronna plans, the resulting incidents which are not helped by Ronna's friend, fellow supermarket employee Mannie, and which threaten their lives and that of their other friend, another cashier named Claire. In "Simon", Simon is on his first ever trip to Las Vegas with his friends Marcus, Tiny and Singh. Due to circumstances, Simon and the more worldly Marcus end up spending their first evening out on the town together. What happens to them is largely the result of Simon's over-exuberance combined with Simon losing his wallet for a period of time, Marcus' yellow blazer causing some confusion, and Simon overusing a gift he received prior to leaving Los Angeles. In "Adam & Zack", the two men who approached Ronna in the supermarket end up being, unknown to her, soap opera actors. Adam and Zack end up spending much of their evening with Burke, an undercover police detective who has them on a minor drug rap, and who will sign off on their rap in exchange for some help in nabbing a bigger fish in the drug trade. Burke ends up inviting Adam and Zack to "Christmas dinner" at his house with his wife, Irene. Adam and Zack, each who is facing a relationship problem with his respective partner, feel vulnerable in Burke and Irene's house, the actors who believe Burke has an ulterior motive in wanting to spend extended private time with them, and will hold his wants over their heads for their freedom. These three stories come full circle in that they conclude with some connection to the other two. Huggo On the Christmas Eve, the cashier of supermarket Ronna Martin is completely broken and will be evicted from her apartment on the next morning. She accepts the offer to cover the shift of her British co-worker Simon Baines that wants to travel to Las Vegas to have more money. While working, the clients Adam and Zach seek out Simon to buy ecstasy and ask Ronna if she can get the drug for them. Ronna goes to the apartment of Simon's drug dealer Todd Gaines to buy the ecstasy but she does not have enough money for twenty pills; so her friend and colleague Claire Montgomery stays with Todd to guarantee the payment. When she goes to the address of Adam and Zach, she meets Burke and suspects that he might be an FBI agent. She drops the ecstasy in the toilet and flushes it. Now she has neither the drugs nor the money to give to Todd. Meanwhile Simon travels to Las Vegas and gets into trouble in a night-club with very dangerous people and he needs to flee from the town with his friends. Meanwhile, Burke drops the charges against the informers Adam and Scott and invites them to spend Christmas night having dinner with his wife and him, but Burke has a secret agenda. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 'Go' is set mostly during one long Christmas Eve in the lives of a group of young adults on the events surrounding a drug deal in Los Angeles replayed three different times from three different views. In a straightforward manner; when slacker Simon Baines takes off for a getaway to Las Vegas with his friends, Ronna takes his shift at the 24-hour grocery store where they work. When two guys, named Adam and Zack, walk in asking to score some dope from Simon, Ronna takes it upon herself and her friends Claire and Mannie to buy some some stuff from the local drug dealer Todd Gains. But the drug deal is a sting that Adam and Zack are forced to set up by an overzealous narcotics agent, Burke. Ronna is forced to dispose of the drugs. With no other alternative, she tries to double-cross Todd with phony drugs. Meanwhile in Las Vegas, Simon's adventures with his best friend Marcus hit an unfortunate turn during a trip to a strip club, while Adam and Zack end up spending Christmas Eve with Burke and his wife Irene, and afterward while driving to a rave that Ronna is dealing, the guys accidentally hit Ronna with their car and leave her for dead. Nearby, Mannie nearly OD's on dope, and Claire gets more friendly with a vengeful Todd whom is now looking for Ronna. Matthew Patay Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film is told out of chronological format, the story being told from four different points of view. As such, the following summary only generalizes the actual sequence of events which take place. Ronna's story It is Christmas Eve in Los Angeles. Adam (Scott Wolf) and Zack (Jay Mohr), a couple of TV soap opera actors, have been busted for narcotics possession. In a plea deal, they will help Officer Burke (William Fichtner) set up a sting operation for Simon (Desmond Askew), an occasional drug dealer who sells ecstasy from his cash register at a local grocery store. Unbeknownst to them, Simon has taken a vacation to Las Vegas. Filling in at his register is Ronna (Sarah Polley), an 18-year-old runaway and high school dropout who is facing eviction and desperate for the extra paid hours of income. When the actors ask about Simon and where they might buy some ecstasy, Ronna recognizes a lucrative financial opportunity. She offers to "see what she can do" for them, taking down their address. They give her a flier with the details of a rave later that evening. After work, Ronna and co-worker friends Claire (Katie Holmes) and Mannie (Nathan Bexton) debate the underground drug trade "rules," such as circumventing Simon to become competing dealers themselves. Ronna decides this will be a one-time-only deal and proceeds to Simon's drug supplier, Todd (Timothy Olyphant). Todd is suspicious of Ronna's sudden interest in dealing drugs, and that the quantity she has requested is the exact amount that constitutes a drug trafficking felony. Reluctantly, he offers to sell her the drugs at a higher price. Unprepared for the price hike, she offers to leave collateral in exchange for bringing the balance back after the sale is complete, and bullies Claire into being the collateral. Ronna and Mannie then proceed to Adam and Zack's pre-rave party at their apartment. Ronna goes inside to complete the deal, while Mannie stays in the car and downs two of the pills he swiped from the bottle. Inside at the "party", there's only Adam and Zack behaving uncomfortably, along with an older man (Officer Burke, the undercover officer) who seems overly focused on finishing the drug deal. Ronna quickly realizes something is amiss here, so she asks to use the restroom before completing the deal. When Zack turns to show Ronna the way to the bathroom, he whispers "Go!" to her. She goes into the bathroom, flushes the drugs down the toilet, and emerges empty-handed. She tells Burke she wasn't able to obtain the drugs after all, and to defend herself from further scrutiny, notes to Burke that she is underage to be drinking the beer he gave her. Realizing he is now on surveillance giving alcohol to a minor, and without evidence to hold her, Burke lets Ronna go. Ronna, in a state of panic, ponders her situation with Mannie, who is slowly succumbing to the effects of the pills he took. She doesn't have the money to buy Claire's release from Todd, and now she has no drugs to sell. In desperation, she shoplifts a large supply of over-the-counter medication from her own grocery store. Finding pills roughly the same appearance as the ecstasy pills, she refills Todd's bottle and returns to his apartment. She explains to Todd that the deal fell through, gives the "stash" back to him, and frees Claire from collateral duty. Ronna realizes that she's still facing eviction and decides to attend the rave to sell the remaining medication as ecstasy. Her scam works, and she quickly makes more then enough money to cover her rent. Meanwhile, Todd has discovered the fake pills and shows up at the rave to settle the score. He sees Ronna and Mannie from afar and chases them through the dancing crowd. Mannie is too high to run and is slowing them both down. Ronna hides Mannie behind a piece of sheet metal in a back alleyway, tells him to keep quiet until she comes back, and runs off alone. Todd catches up to Ronna in the parking lot. He has a few last words with her about the nature of the illegal drug trade, and takes out a gun intent on killing her. At that very moment, a yellow Mazda Miata swerves around a corner of the parking lot at high speed and squarely hits Ronna, catapulting her onto its roof. It then shoots forwards and stops suddenly, sending her flying into a ditch. The driver, in panic from seeing Todd with a gun, flees the scene. Todd leaves Ronna for dead and flees as well as it begins to rain. Ronna lies motionless in the ditch. Simon's story Earlier.... After recruiting Ronna to cover his shift at the grocery store, Simon goes off with three of his friends Marcus (Taye Diggs), Tiny (Breckin Meyer), and Singh (James Duval) for some adventures in Las Vegas, footing their hotel bill with the credit card he had borrowed from Todd. Shortly after arriving, Tiny and Singh develop bad cases of diarrhoea from eating some bad seafood at the hotel's buffet restaurant and are stuck in their hotel room while Simon and Marcus hit the casino. Simon quickly loses much of his money and then wanders into a wedding party on the premises. There, he meets two female guests, with whom he eventually smokes pot and has sex (both of them). One of the women accidentally starts a fire in her hotel room, causing Simon to flee naked (clothes in tow) in an elevator. Putting his clothes back on, he meets up with Marcus back in the casino. Marcus's yellow sports coat gets him mistaken for a hotel employee, even earning him a tip when a customer mistakes him for a bathroom attendant. This eventually works to his advantage, though, when another hotel guest assumes Marcus is a parking valet and hands him the keys to his Ferrari. Simon and Marcus jump at this golden opportunity to take the red Ferrari for a spin, winding up at the Crazy Horse strip club. En route, Simon discovers a 9 mm pistol in the glove compartment, which he pockets for himself. At the strip club, Marcus warns Simon not to order "champagne" - strip club code for a private lap dance they cannot afford - however, Simon does precisely that, and he heads to a back room with two dancers and Marcus in tow. Before the lap dance commences, they receive a stern warning from menacing Victor Junior (Jimmy Shubert), one of the bouncers and the son of the club owner, to behave like gentlemen and not touch the dancers "or else." Simon hands the bouncer Todd's credit card and he and Marcus enter the back room; the lap dances have barely begun when Simon loses his self-control and gropes his dancer. Victor Jr. immediately bursts into the room and begins beating him. Marcus tries to defend Simon and is himself attacked by the bouncer. Simon then draws the gun he found and shoots Victor Jr., wounding him in the arm. Simon and Marcus hastily flee the premises and head back to the hotel. Simon and Marcus rush into their room and roust up the sickly Tiny and Singh, telling them they have 30 seconds to get up and out. Before they can flee, the Victors Jr. and Sr. (J.E. Freeman) arrive at their door, so Simon and crew bribe a young boy staying in the next room to open the connecting door for their escape. After a frantic car chase down the Las Vegas Strip, Simon and his three friends manage to elude their pursuers and reach the highway back to Los Angeles and drive away in the light of dawn in Simon's damaged car. They believe they are safe, reasoning that their pursuers would have called the police in Vegas...or so they think. What Simon forgets is that it was Todd's credit card he left back at the strip club. Adam and Zack's story Earlier... Adam and Zack are actually closeted gay lovers forced to be decoys in a police sting operation, in exchange for having their own drug charges dropped. In the grocery store parking lot, they test out their hidden microphones; inside, they look for Simon, their usual dealer, but find only Ronna. Later, after the sting with Ronna goes bad, Burke handcuffs Zack, then makes a bizarre suggestion: Why don't they spend Christmas Eve at his house and have dinner? Nervous, they reluctantly accept his invitation. It is an odd atmosphere in the house, and Zack and Adam have odd encounters with Burke and his wife Irene (Jane Krakowski). Zack comes out of the bathroom and runs into Burke completely nude; Burke urges him to lie down on his bed and try out some cologne. Adam, meanwhile, meets Irene, who comes on to him and even kisses him full on the lips. Later, when the four sit down to Christmas dinner, Burke explains that he and his wife are the fourth leading sales team in the region for Confederated Products, an Amway-type retail company, and that virtually everything in the house from the food to the cologne is from the company. Burke wants Adam and Zack to sell Confederated products for him. Zack then gets Adam to feign illness to excuse themselves, and they leave the house, both of them uneasy from the evening's events. Adam and Zack engage in small talk and discover that both of them are cheating on each other with the same man, Jimmy, a makeup artist in their television studio. They go to Jimmy's apartment and find out from his sister that he is attending the same rave that they had earlier advertised to Ronna. Adam and Zack show up and get revenge on their mutual two-timing lover by holding Jimmy down and cutting a sizable chunk of his long hair. Satisfied, they leave the party, get into Adam's yellow Miata and barrel into Ronna, sending her flying into the ditch. Then they see a man with a drawn pistol (Todd) and, terrified, flee the scene. They stop at a gas station and try to figure out what to do, debating whether Ronna survived the accident and, if so, whether or not the man with the gun finished her off. Adam goes to the toilet where he realizes that he is still wearing the hidden microphone from earlier that afternoon. Panicked, they throw the devices away and drive back to the spot where they hit Ronna. They find her still lying in the ditch, unconscious but alive, and hoist her on top of a nearby car with the alarm blaring. They watch in satisfaction from afar as other partygoers discover Ronna early the next morning and call an ambulance for her. Conclusion It is dawn now, and Claire, who does not know what happened to Ronna, leaves the rave and goes to the diner where she usually meets Ronna when they get separated. She encounters Todd; they engage in small talk, then realize they are attracted to each other. They end up kissing and groping in the stairwell of Todd's house, where they are discovered by none other than Victor Jr. and Victor Sr., the Crazy Horse bouncer and owner whom are after Simon and have tracked him through Todd's credit card. Todd explains they have the wrong man; he begins to draw out directions to Simon's place, when Simon himself walks into Todd's apartment ironically, to seek refuge from the bouncers. At first they want to kill him, but Claire points out that she and Todd would be witnesses to the crime. So an "eye for an eye" deal is struck where Victor Jr. gets to shoot Simon in the arm. Just as he is about to get justice, performance anxiety suddenly springs upon Junior and he cannot bring himself to pull the trigger. Claire gets impatient and leaves during his hesitations; as she gets halfway down the hall she hears a gunshot. She flinches and shuts her eyes. Simon calls out: "It's all right... I'm okay!" Meanwhile, Ronna wakes up in the hospital recovered enough to return to work, happy that, despite the night's batterings, she did indeed make enough money to save herself from eviction. She talks with Claire and suddenly realizes to her horror that she never went back for Mannie, who is presumably still hidden where she left him. Ronna and Claire return to the scene and find Mannie still there, shivering and terrified, but otherwise okay. They all get into Ronna's car and drive away, and Mannie wonders aloud what they'll do for New Year's Day just a week away. 
 Jerry Maguire (1996)431) When a sports agent has a moral epiphany and is fired for expressing it, he decides to put his new philosophy to the test as an independent agent with the only athlete who stays with him and his former colleague. Jerry Maguire (Tom Cruise) is a successful sports agent. The biggest clients, the respect, a beautiful fiance, he has it all. Until one night he questions his purpose. His place in the world, and finally comes to terms with what's wrong with his career and life. Recording all of his thoughts in a mission statement, Jerry feels he has a new lease on life. Unfortunately his opinions aren't met with enthusiasm from his superiors and after dishonorably being stripped of his high earning clients and elite status within the agency, Jerry steps out into the sports business armed with only one volatile client, Rod Tidwell (Cuba Gooding, Jr.), and the only person with belief in his abilities, Dorothy Boyd (Rene Zellweger), with the impossible task of rebuilding what he once had. Along the way, he faces the harsh truth which he'd ignored in the past and a host of hardships that he'd never faced before. Hax_9 Jerry Maguire (Tom Cruise) used to be a typical sports agent: willing to do just about anything he could to get the biggest possible contracts for his clients, plus a nice commission for himself. Then, one day, he suddenly has second thoughts about what he's really doing. When he voices these doubts, he ends up losing his job and all of his clients, except for Rod Tidwell (Cuba Gooding, Jr.), an egomaniacal football player. Can Jerry resurrect his career while still staying true to himself? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jerry Maguire is a busy sports agent for a very large sports agency. After one of his clients is injured, the client's child insults Jerry for not having his dad's best interest in mind. A short time later at his company's annual conference and while dwelling on that insult during a feverish night, he experiences an epiphany of what he thinks it should mean to represent someone. Feeling inspired, Jerry writes it all down as a mission statement and has it distributed to everyone in attendance, including ideas such as "fewer clients, less money." Returning from the conference he has a chance encounter with an accountant named Dorothy from his firm who tells him she was inspired by his memo. A week later he is fired from the company by his protege, Bob Sugar. After spending the rest of the afternoon contacting his clients and trying to maintain a client list, Jerry is left with only one client, a very outspoken, obnoxious wide receiver, Rod Tidwell, who only wants Jerry to "Show Him the Money." As he's leaving he walks thru the main company work area and invites anyone who wants to be part of something great to join him. At first no one speaks then finally Dorothy jumps up and walks out with Jerry. In an effort to rebuild a large client base, Jerry's fiancee Avery convinces him to go see the college football phenom Cushman at his home in Texas and that getting Cush will help him attract other clients. When he arrives Cushman's dad tells Jerry that since he showed up they will let Jerry be his agent for the upcoming NFL draft but refuses to sign a contract at that time, saying "my word is stronger than oak." Later at the NFL draft Jerry focuses almost all of his attention on parading Cush around which leave Rod feeling neglected. Jerry finally makes time to parade Rod around the gathering of owners and coaches, spending an hour or so introducing him and talking Rod up to them all. Jerry then goes back to Cushman's room where he inadvertently intercepts a call from Bob Sugar to Cush, discovering then that Cushman's dad had signed a contract with Bob "while you were out with that black fella." Avery is viciously berating Jerry for failing to get a signed contract when he was in Texas when Jerry realizes he doesn't want to marry her so he breaks off the engagement. Later that night Jerry is drunk and invites himself over to Dorothy's house, over the objections of her sister Lauren. Jerry proceeds to make a pass at Dorothy which she gently rebuffs due to his inebriated state. He is embarrassed and leaves after assuring her that their new company will be fine when they get Rod's new contract from Arizona, his current team. A few days later after returning from Arizona where he was unsuccessful at getting Rod a new contract, Jerry invites Dorothy out to dinner after which they impulsively decide to spend the night together. The next day the offer from Arizona is insultingly low so Rod opts to play out the final year of his current contract and be a free agent next year. Dorothy tells Jerry she is going to take an accounting job in San Diego which will require her to move. Jerry, who is not good at being alone, impulsively proposes to her just as she is preparing to leave so that she will stay. They get married but as a group of family and friends, including Rod, watch the wedding video later it is clear that Jerry is not excited, just stressed out. The story moves quickly along to the next football season during which we see Jerry on the road at all Rod's games, as opposed to being at home with Dorothy. Over the course of the season we see Jerry and Rod develop a close friendship. As Jerry and Dorothy spend time with Rod and his wife Marcy, Dorothy admiringly observes the depth of commitment Rod and Marcy show to one another. The night before Jerry is leaving for a Monday Night Football game, Dorothy confronts Jerry with the idea that his proposal several months ago was more of an idea than an actual proposal and their marriage was a mistake. When Jerry tells her that he doesn't give up, that "he sticks", she tells him that she doesn't want someone just to stick, she wants someone that loves her. At the MNF game the sportscasters indicate that Rod has had a great year and is one of the prime reasons that Arizona is in contention for a playoff spot if they win this game. Rod has a great night with multiple impressive, tough catches including the game winner. Jerry and Rod share a jubilant emotional moment after the game after which Jerry rushes home to Dorothy. He walks in to the house during the middle of Lauren's divorced women's support group meeting and makes a plea in front of all of them for Dorothy's love. He declares his overwhelming love for her and she readily accepts him back. Some time later during a TV interview with Rod, it is revealed that Rod gets a very generous offer from Arizona, allowing him to finish his career there which is something he wanted. In the final scene Jerry and Dorothy are walking her 8 yr old son along a path next to a baseball diamond when a ball lands at the boys feet. He throws it impressively far to get it back onto the field, prompting a discussion between Dorothy and Jerry about grooming him for a career "to foster his natural talent" according to Jerry. 
 The Adventures of Pluto Nash (2002)321) In the future, a man struggles to keep his lunar nightclub out of the hands of the Mafia. After his successful nightclub is blown to flaming bits, Pluto and his band travel across the moon looking for clues to the arsonist. Pluto, Bruno, and Dina search a seedy motel, Pluto's secret hideout, and the casino of the most powerful man on the moon for the evildoer, only to discover that his club's destruction might have been his own fault. FMJ_Joker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the decade of 2080, on a lunar colony called Little America, a retired smuggler named Pluto Nash (Eddie Murphy) buys a nightclub in order to fulfill a longtime wish and prevent the murder of Anthony Frankowski (Jay Mohr), the club's previous owner, by his creditors. Seven years later, "Club Pluto" has become a successful business that is frequented by many socialites. The staff consists of Pluto, a Hispanic assistant, and an anthropomorphic android robot named Bruno (Randy Quaid). Meanwhile, Anthony has become a stage performer under the name of Tony Francis, under which name he has achieved interplanetary fame despite his apparent lack of talent. His music, performance style, and costume resemble those of Frank Sinatra. Pluto is approached one night by a young woman called Dina Lake (Rosario Dawson), who has become stranded on the Moon and desires to earn money to pay for transport to Earth. She seeks help from Pluto because her father, "Nicky Sticks", was a friend of Pluto's, to whom offers her skills as a singer. Instead, Pluto gives her a job as server at his club and allows her to remain after closure. During the same night, Pluto is approached three times by messengers of a mysterious entrepreneur called Rex Crater, who wishes to buy Club Pluto and convert it into a gambling casino. When Pluto refuses, Rex Crater's minions destroy the club. Pluto, Dina, and Bruno escape. They therafter begin to investigate Rex Crater, about whom very little is known. Rowland (Peter Boyle), a friend to Pluto's mother and retired police detective, informs Pluto that Rex Crater is never seen outside of a penthouse in the city of Moon Beach. Rex is said to have been involved with a geneticist named Runa Pendankin, who specialized in cloning before her death. Pluto and Dina visit Doctor Pendankin's apprentice, Mona Zimmer (Illeana Douglas), who operates a cosmetic surgery station. To inflitrate this, they pose as a married couple attempting to revive their infatuation for one another by having their figures altered. After they have seen several examples of commonly preferred body shapes and contours, Zimmer asks for a police permit to perform the operation. Pluto bribes her to ignore this formality, and when she accepts the bribe poses as a police officer bent on interrogating her. Having been intimidated by Pluto's bluffs, Zimmer reveals that Doctor Pendankin had worked for or with a Terrestrial criminal having what appeared to be the initials "WZW" inscribed on his briefcase prior to her death. Pluto and Dina return to the hotel. They meet Pluto's mother, Flura Nash (Pam Grier). All are attacked by Rex Crater's assassins, who have tracked them to the hotel. They all narrowly escape, whereinafter Pluto steals a car to transport himself, Dina, and Bruno to an abandoned smuggler's refuge. At this hideout, Pluto mounts an Internet-based search for any Terrestrial criminal with the initials "WZW". When this yields nothing, Dina suggests that the initials are in fact "MZM", having been seen upside-down by Mona Zimmer. Pluto, on this basis, discovers a criminal called Michael Zoroaster Marucci (Alec Baldwin, in an uncredited cameo). Pluto suspects that Michael Marucci and Rex Crater are one and the same. Abruptly, he is contacted by his mother, who tells him that Rowland has been killed. Moments later, the hideout is attacked by Rex Crater's agents. A chase ensues; during Pluto's final evasive manouvere, their car is damaged and explodes, causing them to be presumed dead. They are eventually rescued and taken to Moon Beach by Felix Laranga (Luis Guzmn), a smuggler who idolizes Pluto Nash. They infiltrate Rex Crater's casino/hotel, where they contact Tony Francis after his concert. Tony attempts to help them, but they are captured by Rex Crater's agents and taken to him. Pluto accuses Rex Crater of being Michael Marucci, whereupon Rex Crater reveals himself to be a clone of Pluto, created by Doctor Pendankin to act as a public face of Michael Marucci's illegal activities, but who then killed Marucci. Rex coolly murders his agents who had failed to destroy Pluto, shocking most of the onlookers, then goes on to explain his elaborate plans to create a chain of "exclusive" gambling casinos from the ruins of other establishments including Club Pluto. At this, Pluto contemptuously destroys Rex's model of the casino and assaults him. Rex and Pluto then fight for possession of Rex's gun while the others watch, uncertain of which is Pluto and which is Rex. Pluto shoots Bruno when he gains possession of the gun, whereupon Rex's assistant Belcher (James Rebhorn) assumes that Pluto would not damage his own robot and shoots Rex. Pluto orders the robot guards to leave, then reveals his identity to Dina by speaking of her employment to him. When Belcher realizes the truth, he is struck down; Bruno then reveals that he was wearing a bulletproof shirt on Pluto's advice. Rex, who shares Pluto's memories and was therefore also wearing a bulletproof shirt, is revived attempts to garotte Pluto with a wire paperweight. He is then thrown through a window and dies falling into the casino below. The movie ends with the protagonists celebrating in the rebuilt Club Pluto. Bruno is made manager of the Club and Dina its lead singer. Felix is granted lifelong credit and Tony invited to the celebration. Pluto, his desires fulfilled, rests at ease. 
 Suicide Kings (1997)541) A group of youngsters kidnap a respected Mafia figure. Ex-mob boss Christopher Walken is kidnapped by a group of four kids in a haphazard attempt at paying the ransom for another, separate kidnapping. Complexities arise as the group cannot seem to do anything right. Wells Oliver <s0ewoliv@titan.vcu.edu> When Avery Chasten's sister, Elise, is kidnapped for a $2,000,000 ransom, he turns to his friends for a means to collect the money. Their plan, to kidnap ex-mob boss Carlos BartolucciCharlie Barret and make him pay. The only problem, what happens when you put a wiley mob boss up against 4 rich kids who've never kidnapped anyone before? And what happens when they start turning against each other? Elsewhere, Barret's henchman Lono Veccio is beating up everyone in town to find Elise. So the real question is: Who ends up screwing who? Alex Barron <resevoirdog@earthlink.net> Five men born with silver spoons in their mouths and ivy league educations kidnap a former mobster with connections to help rescue a friend's sister. Things, however, aren't what they seem to be when the mobster, who is tied up, turns the tables on the group who turn on each other. Meanwhile, the mobster's right hand man is in search of his boss. Mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Charlie Barret ( Christopher Walken ) walking to his private table in a restaurant, only to see three young men sitting at his table - Avery ( Henry Thomas ), Max ( Sean Patrick Flanery ) and Brett ( Jay Mohr ). Charlie happens to know Avery's father, and after an initial reluctance, is willing to go with the boys for a 'night on the town'. As the scene progresses, it shifts back and forth to the planning of what they're going to do to Charlie - they plan to kidnap him by strapping him to his seat and use some chloroform to knock him out. Naturally, things don't go as smoothly as they wanted, and Charlie tries fighting back - but eventually succumbs and passes out. When Charlie wakes up, he sees himself surrounded by the three men, and a fourth friend, T.K. ( Jeremy Sisto ), dressed in a doctor's uniform, checking his vital signs. It's soon revealed that Charlie 'used' to be Carlo Bartolucci, a mob figure. The boys then explain that Avery's sister, Elise ( Laura Harris ), has been kidnapped, and that the kidnappers ( Frank Medrano and Brad Garrett ) are demanding $2 million ransom for her release. They figure that Charlie still has connections to get that kind of money to the gangsters, and they want his cooperation. To ensure that Charlie knows how serious they are, Charlie is shown his pinkie finger, complete with a signet ring, cut off and floating in a bowl of ice - since the same was allegedly done to Avery's sister. Part of the incentive that Charlie help them immediately is that there is a small window of time available where a hospital could successfully sew the finger back on and the clock was running out. Charlie flies into a rage, stating "I'm looking at dead men." However, he eventually agrees to help them. Part of the reason Charlie decides to help is that it becomes apparent towards the middle of the film that due to lifelong heavy drinking, Charlie has a major deficiency of Vitamin K, a major component needed for the body to form blood clots: Basically meaning that while a normal healthy person would have minimal bleeding after having his pinkie amputated (Especially considering that T.K. has medical training and bandaged up the wound correctly), Charlie, on the other hand, would continue to bleed to death without proper medical treatment. Charlie then contacts his lawyer, who in turn contacts Lono ( Denis Leary ), Charlie's bodyguard, asking him to track Charlie down. Lono goes about his own investigation, asking for (and in some cases beating out) information from people, including the hostess, Jennifer ( Nina Siemaszko ) who usually waits on Charlie, and a friend of Charlie's, Lydia ( Laura San Giacomo ). During the course of these conversations, an added backstory is shown about both Lono and Charlie, including how Charlie got his signet ring. Charlie, meanwhile, tries to take the boys' navete to his advantage. A fifth friend, Ira ( Johnny Galecki ) shows up they are in his father's house, and Ira didn't know anything about what they had planned. Charlie starts playing the boys off of each other, slowly getting information out of them, including how they got into this mess in the first place. After much cajoling and piecing information together, Charlie learns that Avery was actually the one responsible for his sister's kidnapping. The boys had, the previous summer, spent a wild weekend in Atlantic City, where they dropped tens of thousands of dollars on various bets. Avery had gotten in over his head wagering on a basketball game, and had to come up with a way to pay off his $50,000 debt. The two mobsters approached him and told him they would kidnap his sister and take the "ransom" as payment for the debt. Lono eventually makes his way to Ira's house and has Charlie removed from his restraints, around the same time that the money is sent to the two thugs. The next day, Charlie and Lono meet up with the two gangsters who had kidnapped Avery's sister, around the same time that Avery learns that his sister is not at the hospital where she is supposed to have been. Charlie and Lono figure out that Elise had come up with a plan to fake the kidnapping and ask for a $2 million ransom; the thugs would get $1 million for playing along, while Max and Elise would walk away with the rest. Charlie and Lono track Max and Elise to a boat off a tropical island where, although Charlie understands their reasons for conning him, he has Lono kill them both. We see the screen tint orange rotoscope as it goes out of focus, and hear two shots (meaning their deaths). They have reclaimed the rest of their money .....Wikipedia.com 