nm0004450:

 The City of Lost Souls (2000)Summaries Violent gangster movie with a Brazilian protagonist. Japanese-Brazilian Mario and Chinese hairdresser Kei are lovers. Kei is about to be deported. He manages to escape. His plan is to get passports and stow away on a ship headed for a foreign country. With his girlfriend he tries to steal money from the mafia. Instead he gets cocaine which he sells. But Kei is captured by Yakuza and he must save her... Killer-40 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Vin & Viv (1999)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dead in the Water (2002)Summaries With the guilt of a young man's death on their hands, three friends see their relationship disintegrate as each vies for survival by trying to kill one another. In Rio de Janeiro, Gloria is an ambitious young woman, whose father is bankrupted. When the son of his business partner, Marcos, arrives in Rio, her father asks Gloria to have a trip with him in their boat Boa Vida. Gloria, her boyfriend Danny and their common friend Jeff get Marcos in his hotel and they go to Angra dos Reis. While in the sea, they drink Caipirinha and beer, and Gloria flirts with the wealthy Marcos. The jealous Danny sees they kissing each other, throws Marcos in the water with a lifebuoy and drives the boat to a distant island to scare Marcos. However, they have a problem with the propellers and when they return to the spot, they do not find Marcos anymore. Afraid of the consequences of his possible drowning, they discuss alibis and how to resolve the situation, shattering their relationship in an environment of high-tension and selfishness. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In Brazil, Gloria's father is bankrupt, so he asks her to take the son of his potential financial savior on a day of boating planned with her boyfriend Danny and their best friend Jeff. Marcos is the rich kid, muscular but, because of a childhood illness, not a swimmer. Gloria is a materialist and a flirt, happy to tease Danny with Jeff and then to toy with Marcos while the others dive. Danny gets mad at Marcos, though, and tosses him into the water with a lifebuoy, then drives the boat to the far side of an island. When they return, Marcos is missing in the strong currents, presumed drowned, and the three have to figure out what to do. Alliances shift, plots hatch, and Davy Jones beckons. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Long Day's Nightmare (2005)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A LONG DAY'S NIGHTMARE - On a quiet spring day in April, realtor Archie Mulgrew is at his open house in Toluca Lake. Just like any other day. He has plenty of potential buyers checking out the property. Susan Marshall is there with her best friend Micah, and Susan's two children - Pace and Mandy. Newlyweds Stephen and Sofia are more interested in checking out each other than the house but that makes for an interesting game of hide and seek with the kids. But before anyone can finish appraising the property... ...Bang! Three criminals, on the run from the police, bust into the house and take everyone hostage. What happens over the course of the next 24 hours is a deadly game of survival, with high stakes drama and a a Stockholm Syndrome-style twist that will surprise even the most frequent movie-goers. 