nm0009339:

 AvoDezanove e o Segredo Do Sovitico (2019)Summaries "AvoDezanove e O Segredo Do Sovitico" The movie is an adaptation of Ondjaki's novel in which everything happens in a city beyond time and geography, in an unidentified neighborhood, coated in mythological undertones. That is where Jaki lives, in a house full of cousins ruled with an iron fist by grandmother Agnette and haunted by the mysterious figure of Grandmother Catarina. The life of the neighborhood and its upstanding residents revolve around the construction of a Mausoleum for a deceased President. The imposing monument threatens the quiet and modest life of the local residents when authorities announce the demolition of neighborhood houses so the structure may be completed. Jaki and his best friend Pi decide to remove the Mausoleum to save the neighborhood. It is a far-fetched plan. A plan doomed to failure if not for the unexpected intervention of a secretive Soviet man. Joao Nunes It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Nelio's Story (1998)Summaries Based on the book by Henning Mankell (Sweden), this story takes place in Mozambique and is about a young boy, Nelio, who loses his entire family during a time of civil war. A wounded Nelio is found by a baker in the capital Mapouto; refusing medical treatment, the boy instead asks for sanctuary so he can tell his terrible tale. This he proceeds to do, starting with how the fighters arrived in his village and slaughtered many, to his captivity, his escape and his teaming with other orphaned street urchins to become their leader in survival. Len Massaar It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Another Man's Garden (2007)Summaries Sofia, a young girl in Mozambique who is studying to be a doctor, finds that her professor wants more from her than hard work. An unwillingness to compromise her values and potentially her health, may cost her a place there. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Successor (1997)Summaries Johan Stensrud is working clearing mines in war ridden Mocambique, where he has taken over for a newly dead colleague. He finds out that the cause of death isn't at all natural, but few are interested. Johan starts his own investigations. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 