nm0008814:

 Pornography: A Thriller (2009)Summaries A gay porn star's mysterious disappearance becomes an obsession for both a writer and another adult film star, leading them into dark supernatural corners that were never meant to be explored. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 She's Got the Look (20082010)Summaries Ten women over age 35 contend to be the next great supermodel. While living together in a New York City loft, they compete on the runway and in photo shoots. These women have experience and depth. They have stories to tell. Bahia, 37, was raised in a conservative Muslim family and is finally embracing her beauty. Celeste, 50, once walked the runways in Europe. Hope, 35, is a mom of three who never gave up her dream of modeling. Karin, 40, is a striking Swede who was once shy and awkward. Kathy, 39, gave up her modeling career to stay home with her kids. Melissa, 38, says she looks better now than ever before. Paula, 37, put herself through college on a sports scholarship. Roxanne, 40, is a redheaded, spiritual beauty. Sharon is a recently widowed 63-year-old stunner. Tanya, 45, overcame a difficult childhood and is committed to her family and community. Only one will win a contract with Wilhelmina Models, Inc. and a photo spread in SELF magazine. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Socket (2007)321) Dr. Bill Matthews is struck by lighting. While recovering at the hospital where he works, he begins an intimate relationship with Dr. Craig Murphy, who invites Bill to join a strange group of lightning survivors. After being struck by lightning, Dr. Bill Matthews recovers in the hospital where he also works. An intern named Craig Murphy slips him a card inviting him to a meeting of "people just like us." In this "group," Bill finds other survivors who have been electrocuted in various ways. But the doctor soon discovers that the members are addicted to the electric current. And not only does Bill become hooked, his relationship with sexy Dr. Craig Murphy deepens, setting a chain of events into shocking motion. Doug Prinzivalli Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After being struck by lightning, Dr. Bill Matthews recovers in the hospital where he also works. An intern named Craig Murphy slips him a card inviting him to a meeting of "people just like us." In this "group," Bill finds other survivors who have been electrocuted in various ways. But the doctor soon discovers that the members now addicted to the electric current. And not only does Bill become hooked, his relationship with sexy Craig ignites, setting a chain of events into shocking motion. 
 So Weird (19992001)Summaries A preteen girl travels around the country continually stumbling over supernatural occurrences. Since nobody believes her, she points her finds on her website, "So Weird." The show starts with Fiona Phillips, the daughter of two singers, who's been mourning her father's death for most of her life. She's also obsessed with all things strange,, from ghosts to aliens to trolls, investigating them all on her laptop while traveling cross-country on her mom's tour bus. Although her brother and friends rarely believe her, Fi refuses to give up. As her search for the mysterious goes deeper, she learns things about herself and, more importantly, her father. After a few years, she passes on her quest to her friend, promising young singer Annie. Max Vaughn It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 