nm0008717:

 Essa Freira Uma Parada (1977)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bar Esperanza (1983)Summaries A group of eccentric people gather at a popular bar in Ipanema, Rio de Janeiro, doomed to be closed to give way to the construction of a big building. Intellectuals, artists, and night-people in general join forces to try to stop its demolition. Among its customers are actress Ana; her intellectual-type husband Zeca, in crisis about his work for TV; artists, newspapermen, a female researcher, and a couple who's always quarreling only to be reconciled moments later. lukejoplin@infolink.com.br It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 O Primo Baslio (1988 )Summaries Arriving in Lisbon from London, Baslio falls in love with his cousin Lusa, but he must go to Brazil, promising he will eventually marry her. As time goes by, he sends her a letter ending the relationship and she marries Jorge, an engineer. One of Jorge's rich aunts dies, leaving him a small fortune and her former maid Juliana. Juliana gets hold of love letters between Lusa and Baslio and starts to blackmail her employer. lukejoplin@infolink.com.br It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Baila Comigo (1981 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 