nm0005502:

 Inspector Gadget (1999)541) A security guard's dreams come true when he is selected to be transformed into a cybernetic police officer. A remake of the television series, Matthew Broderick stars as Gadget, who suffers an accident at the beginning of the film, and befriends Brenda, a robotic surgeon who repairs Gadget so that he can defeat the villain Claw. In the meantime, Gadget and Brenda fall in love. Ari Herzog <ari@ici.net> When Security Officer John Brown is horribly injured after chasing after a killer, Dr. Brenda Bradford sees it as a perfect opportunity for her new project to take place. When John wakes up, he finds his body changed. John Brown is now Inspector Gadget; a cybernetic police officer whose first plan is to hunt down the killer of Bradford's father. FilmFanUk Security guard John Brown wants to be a cop. After a battle with a cyberthief leaves him critically injured, Brown's employer, Dr. Brenda Bradford, turns him into the robotic cybercop Inspector Gadget. Gadget and Brenda battle the Claw, an evil industrialist intent on stealing Brenda's technological secrets and destroying Gadget once and for all. Ray Hamel Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Security officer John Brown is a security guard, who one day dreams of becoming a real Police Officer. In the meantime, he is charged with guarding a science lab operated by Brenda Bradford, and her father. One evening, a break-in occurs, in which a top-secret robotics project is stolen, and Brenda's father is killed. John gives pursuit of the getaway vehicle, which houses famed millionaire Sanford Scolex, and his assistant, Sikes. The chase lead to both vehicles being damaged, with Scolex tossing an exploding cigar into John's car. The ensuing explosion blows a bowling ball out of John's car, and into Scolex's limo, crushing his hand. John's injuries are numerous, and Brenda wishes to apply the 'Gadget program' that she and her father were working on, to help mend John. John is then outfitted with a number of different gadgets, that leads to at first be terrified, until Brenda explains that his new and improved self can help make a difference in people's lives. Brenda helps Gadget get acclimated with his new self, and explains about the advanced control chip that powers his body. Without it, John would not be able to function. Brenda also provides Gadget with a jive-talking vehicle, dubbed The Gadgetmobile. Meanwhile, Scolex has had an assistant named Kramer, fashion a claw-like arm in place of his crushed hand, and considers changing his name to 'Claw.' The item that they stole from the Bradford's lab (a robotic foot) proves unable to respond to Kramer and Sike's tinkering, leading Scolex to think that something extra must be needed to make it work. Gadget is first made known by the City's Mayor, and Police Chief Quimby. Even though Gadget is assigned to the Police, Quimby still dislikes the idea of a machine being shoehorned into his department, and relegates Gadget to community projects...like rescuing cats from trees. After the announcement, a gala celebration is held, wherein Gadget accompanies Brenda to the festivities. At the event, Scolex appears, and offers Brenda her own facilities and funding. Though Gadget reminds her of her and her Father's work on the 'Gadget Program,' Brenda gladly accepts Scolex's offer, unaware of his plans to steal her technological ideas and designs. Gadget is also upset that he is not being taken seriously, and sets out to find out who killed Brenda's father, with the help of his niece Penny, and her dog Brain. A mechanical piece at the scene of the crime contains the initials 'SI,' leading Gadget to Scolex Industries. In the meantime, with Brenda working for him, Scolex has stolen several of her ideas, and crafted two robotic clones of his own: one a bimbo-like clone of Brenda, and another that is an evil clone of Inspector Gadget. While Scolex keeps Brenda's clone for himself, Robo-Gadget is sent out to terrorize the public. Gadget manages to break into Scolex's facility, but is captured when he tries to recover the robotic foot stolen from Brenda's lab. Gadget is then eliminated when Scolex has the 'Gadget Chip' destroyed, leaving his assistant Sikes to dump Gadget at the City Dump. In the aftermath, Robo-Gadget goes on a mad rampage, prompting Brenda and Penny to try and find the real Gadget. Using the Gadgetmobile, they find him in the dump, but without the chip. However, due to Gadget's caring and emotions, he manages to start back up, and everyone decides to go after Scolex. After dropping off Penny and Brain at home, Brenda and Gadget find Scolex's limo, containing both Scolex and Robo-Gadget. Gadget wrestles Robo-Gadget into the streets, and the two have a battle until Gadget finally wins. Gadget activiates his Gadgetcopter, and heads to Scolex's building, in time to see him flying away with Brenda. Gadget manages to disable the helicopter, and safely recovers Brenda. In the aftermath, Scolex and his assistant Sikes are arrested for the murder of Brenda's father, and as the Police arrive, Quimby acknowledges Gadget as an actual member of the police force. As Scolex is led away, he vows to get Gadget 'next time,' as the Inspector and Brenda head off. 
 17 Again (2009)651) Mike O'Donnell is ungrateful for how his life turned out. He gets a chance to rewrite his life when he tried to save a janitor near a bridge and jumped after him into a time vortex. At 17 Mike O'Donnell is on top of the world: he's the star of his high school basketball team, is a shoo-in for a college scholarship, and is dating his soul-mate, Scarlet. But at what's supposed to be his big game where a college scout is checking him out, Scarlet reveals that she's pregnant. Mike decides to leave the game and asks Scarlet to marry him, which she does. During their marriage, Mike can only whine about the life he lost because he married her, so she throws him out. When he also loses his job, he returns to the only place he's happy at, his old high school. While looking at his high school photo, a janitor asks him if he wishes he could be 17 again and he says yes. One night while driving he sees the janitor on a bridge ready to jump, and goes after him. When he returns to his friend Ned's house, where he has been staying, he sees that he is 17 again. He decides to take this opportunity to get the life he lost. rcs0411@yahoo.com In 1989, teenager Mike O'Donnell is the star of Hayden High School's basketball team. On the day of the final game, Mike will be observed and may win a scholarship to college. However, his girlfriend Scarlet tells him that she is pregnant and Mike does not play the game. Twenty years later, Mike is a complete loser who blames Scarlet for his failures. He is not promoted to sales manager after working sixteen years at the same company; Scarlet is divorcing him; his teen-aged son Alex and daughter Maggie hate him; and he is temporarily living with his best friend, the eccentric and immature millionaire Ned Gold. Mike nostalgically visits Hayden where an old janitor talks to him about second chances in life. During the night, he sees the janitor jumping from a bridge into the river and he unsuccessfully tries to help the man. He then discovers that he is seventeen again. Further, he discovers that he has a second chance to fix his relationship with his family. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 37 year old Mike O'Donnell is extremely disappointed with his life because of some of the choices he made when he was 17. His wife threw him out of the house his kids think that he's a loser and want nothing to do with him, he lost his job. One small action gave him a another shot at his senior year in high school. For his kids he goes from a loser of a dad to an amazing friend that gives them great advice. He also realizes the things that he didn't realize when he was actually 17. Seeing senior year from a different point of view makes him realize that doing your life over isn't as fun as it seems. What if you can get a second chance to go back in time & be a teenager again? Would you go back to high school like Mike whose life as an adult is not at all as it should be?His family's falling apart & it takes a miracle to bring his life back in order. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Popular high school senior Mike O'Donnell (Zac Efron) seemingly has it all. He is a star athlete headed straight for a college scholarship when he decides to give it up to settle down with his high school girlfriend Scarlet is pregnant. Twenty years later, an adult Mike (played by Matthew Perry) finds his life is not exactly what he expected. He is separated from his wife, Scarlett (Leslie Mann) and living with his wealthy software genius nerd and best friend Ned Freedman (Thomas Lennon), his career at a pharmaceutical company is at a stand still, and his relationships with his teenage children are nonexistent. After getting passed up for yet another promotion at work, he returns to his high school to reminisce over his basketball awards and the life he could have had. While he is reliving his glory days, he is approached by a janitor and shares with him how things were so much better when he was 17. As Mike is driving home from the high school, he sees the mysterious janitor standing on the ledge preparing to jump into the Los Angeles River. Mike rushes out of his car to rescue him, but when he gets there, the janitor has vanished. What Mike doesn't realize is that he is about to fall into the river and turn into his 17 year old self. Young Mike (Zac Efron) returns to Ned's house, where he has the difficult task of convincing Ned that he is in fact Mike. At a loss of what to do, Ned pretends to be Mike's father and they register Mike back in high school to finish the life he never had the chance to live. High school presents a lot of new challenges for Mike, such as dressing cool, keeping up with the latest gadgets and making new friends. But nothing compares to being in high school with his own children. He discovers that his daughter, Maggie (Michelle Trachtenberg), is not nearly as innocent as he thought she was and his son, Alex (Sterling Knight), is the brunt of the star athlete's jokes. But Mike's most difficult realization is that he hasn't been a very good father or husband. Mike befriends Alex and tries to instill him with enough confidence to join the basketball team. He gets close to Maggie's obnoxious boyfriend and does everything in his power to break them up. Most importantly, he visits an unsuspecting Scarlet and rediscovers all the things that initially made him fall in love with her. You don't know what you have until you lose it. Through his experiences, Mike realizes that he had chosen the perfect life he just never appreciated it. Now, he must figure out a way to transform back into his older self and win back his wife and kids. *Info from comingsoon.net* --------------------- In 1989, Michael O'Donnell was the star of the high-school basketball team, with a college scout in the bleachers ready to watch his championship game and a scholarship guaranteed for him if he played well. Just as the game is about to start, he sees his girlfriend Scarlett by the bleachers. He blows her a kiss, then goes to her when she looks very troubled. She tries to pretend everything is fine, but finally she tells him she's pregnant. The game starts, but he can't think of anything but Scarlett, and when he sees her leaving, he tosses the ball away and walks away from the game and the scholarship to marry her. Twenty years later, Mike's life is a mess. Scarlett has separated from him, forcing him to move in with his high-school best friend Ned Gold, now a geeky millionaire software developer, and his kids Maggie and Alex are distant and want nothing to do with him. At his job, his boss passes him up for a promotion in favor of a woman the boss likes who's far less competent, and Mike explodes at the boss and is fired. He stops by his old high school on the way home, sees his 1989 team photo in the showcase, and reminisces about the life he threw away. Then he encounters a mysterious janitor who asks him if he really wishes he was a teenager back in high school again, and he does. On the way home, he sees the "janitor" apparently ready to jump from a bridge and he tries to stop him, but the janitor suddenly disappears and Mike falls in the river himself, where he's magically transformed back to age17. After he convinces Ned who he really is, Mike decides he's been given the chance to live his life over again "but to do it right" -- to win the basketball scholarship and go to college. With Ned posing as his father, he re-enrolls in high school under the name "Mark Gold," living with Ned in his mansion full of high-tech toys. But as he starts to fit in to school life, he realizes his daughter is dating the sadistic basketball captain Stan, who only wants sex from her, and that Stan is also bullying and tormenting his son. Gradually, "Mark" realizes that the real reason he's been given another chance in life is to help his children and try to win back Scarlett's love. He befriends Alex and discovers that his son has real talent in basketball and can hit 3-point shots effortlessly. He works with Alex to sharpen the rest of his game so he can win a place on the team and the girl of his dreams. As Alex and Mark practice shooting baskets together every day at Alex's house, Scarlett is amazed how much her son's new friend looks like her ex-husband looked in 1989. Mark starts helping Scarlett landscape her back yard, because she hopes to start a landscaping business. He gains a new appreciation for her talents, but he frequently comes close to her or touches her in ways she considers inappropriate between an adult woman and a teenaged boy. He also comforts Maggie when Stan dumps her for refusing to "put out." He tells her that someday she'll find a guy who treasures her the way she deserves, but he's horrified when he realizes Maggie is starting to think that guy is HIM. He tells her he can't get involved with her because he's already in love with someone else, someone secret. The basketball team wins a come-from-behind game, with Mark doing a lot, but Alex makes the winning 3-point shot. Meanwhile, Ned has been smitten with Jane, the high school principal, since the first day he went to her office to enroll his "son," but his geeky attempts to impress her have done nothing but disgust her. Finally, in return for buying laptops for all the students in the school, she agrees to go to dinner with him on the same night that Mark has announced a party at his house to celebrate winning the game. Mark tells only certain people about the party, but kids text it everywhere and the whole school shows up. Ned's romantic dinner with Jane is going nowhere until he finally admits that he's always been a loser with women. He's really just a geek, obsessed with The Lord of the Rings. She slowly smiles, and starts talking to him in Elvish -- one of the languages in The Lord of the Rings -- and he realizes that she's also a Lord of the Rings fanatic. After a seductive conversation in Elvish, Ned and Jane go back to his house for romance, but they find Mark's party completely out of control with hundreds of kids everywhere. Scarlett is also there, looking for Alex, and Mark's feelings for her are so strong that he can't control himself and he tries to kiss her in front of all the kids. Scarlett is appalled and slaps him, then runs away with Mark following her, shouting that he's her husband and the father of her children. Maggie and her friends all see this and are disgusted, especially Maggie, because Mark had told her he was in love with someone secret, and now she sees him trying to kiss her own mother. The next morning, cleaning up the chaos after the party, Ned reminds Mark that the hearing for Mike O'Donnell's final divorce decree with Scarlett is in 20 minutes, and they rush to the courtroom. Ned pretends to be Mike's lawyer, and they're being thrown out when Mark says he's there to read a letter that Mike has written to his wife. Scarlett agrees to hear the letter, and Mark reads it with emotional power in his voice that astonishes her, plus details about their courtship that only her husband could have known. Mark finishes by saying that, since he sees that she doesn't want him in her life anymore, he's content to let her go because he loves her so much. After Mark finishes and is forced to leave the courtroom, Scarlett picks up the "letter" and discovers it's just a piece of paper with directions to the courthouse on it. Mark wasn't reading a letter at all but somehow knew all the things he had told her. She asks for the divorce decree to be postponed. Mark tries to forget about Scarlett and concentrates on basketball, because winning the scholarship and going to college seem to be the only thing he has left for him. On the day of the championship game, where Mark and Alex are playing and Maggie is cheerleading, Scarlett is looking at her high-school yearbook and realizes that Mark doesn't just look similar to her husband at 17, he looks EXACTLY the same. Then Maggie reminds Scarlett she's supposed to drive her to the game, and Scarlett stays to watch. As the game is about to start, Mark sees Scarlett in the bleachers. He blows her a kiss, using a gesture identical to the one Mike had used in 1989, when he was playing in the same championship game and saw her standing by the bleachers. Scarlett finally realizes that Mark really IS her husband, somehow turned 17 again. She realizes all the reasons she loved him then and still loves him, but she knows she can't possibly make her life together with a 17 year-old boy. Also, she realizes that knowing she's there in the bleachers watching him could put him in the same situation as before, and she can't risk making him lose his college scholarship again. She leaves, going down the same corridor she used when she left the game in 1989. Mark sees Scarlett leaving, forgets about the game and walks away, just as he did in 1989. He hands the ball to Alex, saying this time it's his turn, and runs down the corridor after Scarlett. We see the mysterious janitor smiling in the stands, and by the time Mark catches up to Scarlett, he's the adult Mike O'Donnell again. Mike tells Scarlett he's made a mess of his marriage because he spent the last 20 years resentful at her for losing him his chance to go to college, but now he realizes his family is the only thing that matters to him, and he asks for another chance. A few days later, Mike goes to Ned's house to get his stuff and return his key. He finds Ned in bed with Jane, both of them wearing Elf ears. Mike thanks Ned for all he's done, and Ned gives Mike a parting gift, a whistle for his new job, because Jane has made Mike the new coach of the high school basketball team. 
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 )Summaries A young woman, destined to slay vampires, demons and other infernal creatures, deals with her life fighting evil, with the help of her friends. "In every generation there is a chosen one... she alone will stand against the vampires, the demons and the forces of darkness. She is the slayer." Buffy Summers knows this tale by heart, and no matter how hard she tries to be just a "normal girl", she can not escape from her destiny... Thankfully, she is not alone in her quest to save the world, as she has the help of her friends, the hilarious (and surprisingly quite effective) evil-fighting team called "The Scooby Gang". Together, Buffy & co. will slay their demons, survive one apocalypse after another, attend high school and college... and above all, understand that growing up can truly be Hell sometimes... literally. m_starling It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mysterious Skin (2004)321) A teenage hustler and a young man obsessed with alien abductions cross paths, together discovering a horrible, liberating truth. Brian Lackey is determined to discover what happened during an amnesia blackout when he was eight years old, and then later woke with a bloody nose. He believes he was abducted by aliens, and N. McCormick, a fellow player on Brian's childhood baseball team, may be the key as to exactly what happened that night. As Brian searches for the truth and tries to track him down, Neil McCormick takes up hustling and moves to New York, in attempts to forget childhood memories that haunt him. Together, the two of them uncover the terrible truth of the scars they share. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. *The beginning of the movie is told from the main characters' point of view, i.e. Neil (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) and Brian (Brady Corbet), so for the beginning this will be told in an omniscient sort of view. I also might over explain things. Sorry.* Summer of 1981: The movie opens with an 8 year old Brian Lackey in the crawlspace of his house. It's dark and his nose is bleeding, though he doesn't seem to notice it, or anything for that matter. He tells us that 5 hours disappeared from his life. The last thing he could remember was sitting on the bench at his Little League game; it started to rain. After that, nothing. His sister, Deborah (Rachel Kraft), finds him and realizes his bloody nose. When their mom (Lisa Long) gets home Brian rushes over. You can see an overbearing mother, still calling brian a "poor little baby", but you can also see an annoyed father (Chris Mulkey) on the couch. His mom then gives him a bath, saying she knew he would get hurt playing sports, but the dad is disappointed with Brian saying he's a quitter. His mom makes him quit baseball the next day. When Brian's asleep we see him dreaming; he's lying on this strange looking surface while still in uniform. The screen shows a blue light before a shadowy figure passes in front of it. Brian wakes up startled, saying this was when the nightmares, the nose bleeds, the bed wetting, and the black outs all began. One night when the TV won't work quite right, Brian sees a bright blue light over the tree tops. Deborah thinks it's a UFO, but the mom thinks it's just a weather balloon. They go on the roof to look at this thing, which does in fact look like a UFO (I'm not really sure what it is). He finishes the scene by telling us those were the two things he'd never forget; the crawlspace and the UFO. Summer 1981: The movie then switches to Neil, also age 8. He's looking out his window, watching his mom (Elizabeth Shue) and her boyfriend, Alfred (David Smith). Neil masturbates while watching his mom give Alfred oral sex. When he orgasms it's the first time something came out. He couldn't wait to show Coach (Bill Sage). At the beginning of summer his mom signed him up for Little League. When he sees Coach he says he looked like the life guards, cowboys, and firemen he'd seen in the Playgirls his mom hid under the bed (Suggesting Neil's gay). He becomes the star player fast, but it wasn't much considering the other kids were terrible; Brian being the worst. During the first game, Neil scores big, saying the only thing that mattered was making Coach proud. After the first victory Coach calls saying he's taking the team out to celebrate, but when the doorbell rings, it's just him. Coach takes Neil to see a movie, then to his house with pizza. By Neil's standards, the house is awesome since there's a huge TV with his favorite video games. They play Astroid and make small talk until the Coach wants to record Neil's voice. He takes Polaroid's of Neil making various faces. Neil goes to Coach's again after another baseball game. Coach shows him the album full of Polaroids he took last time. Coach then shows him his cabinet full of food, and they proceed to each mini cereal boxes. Neil's box bursts open spilling cereal everywhere, but Coach uses this opportunity to throw his cereal everywhere and he ends up kissing Neil, telling him everything is going to be ok. October 1983: It's Halloween and Neil introduces us to his new friend Wendy (Michelle Trachtenberg), they decide to play a prank on a mentally challenged kid; Neil places small fireworks in the kids mouth and sets them off. He gives the kid oral sex in order to "win him over." Brian on the other hand gets bullied, breaking his glasses and running for the woods. He sees a shadowy figure and we see his nose bleeding and him passing out. November 1986: Neil's 15 and turning tricks in the park. His tricks are always older men that somewhat resemble Coach. Neil shows Wendy what his latest trick did to his merchandise, which causes Wendy to always worry about Neil tricking with the wrong guy, but Neil is carefree. Fall 1991: what? 