nm0007134:

 Happy New Year (I) (2014)431) A gang of amateur dancers takes part in a dancing competition to avenge their personal vendetta. A team of losers attempt to pull off mass revenge against a past traitor. They are required to win a dance competition as part of the plan, they get entangled with the presence of a somewhat unintelligent local dance performer who cannot learn the backstory of the betrayal. Charlie, a street fighter enters a dance competition to take revenge on his old enemy as he had sent his father to jail by blaming him to have stolen costly diamonds. Charlie and his group of friends take a dancer's help to perfect the art. They get to the finals, and according to the plan they steal the diamonds with a mysterious plan. They also win the finals and take a trophy back home along with diamonds. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Charlie(Shah Rukh Khan), is a street fighter who has been yearning for revenge from Charan Grover(Jackie Shroff) for 8 years. Grover labeled Charlie's father as a thief because Charan had conned him into stealing his own Diamonds worth $15 million. Charlie finds out that diamonds worth $300 crore will reach the Atlantis Hotel on Christmas Eve. He wants to steal the same diamonds and frame Grover. To accomplish this, he assembles a dynamic team consisting of Jag, Tammy, Rohan Singh and a lookalike of Vicky Grover(Charan grover's son), named Nandu Bhide (Abishek Bachan). Tammy is the only one to open the vault. The team finds out that the room 9C, connected to the vault through duct system, is booked for a participant in the World Dance Championship. The group refuses, but Charlie re-motivates the group, convincing them to become a dance team. The film moves to a flashback- Manohar, Chalie's father met Charan Grover who gave him a contract to build an impenetrable vault. After the vault was completed, Charan drugged Manohar and conned him into stealing the diamonds by using his fingerprints. The film returns where desperate to win the competition, they employ many dance teachers, but to no avail. In desperation, Nandu introduces Charlie to Mohini, who is a Marathi bar dancer. Mohini eventually helps them learn to dance, unaware of their intentions. Charlie and Mohini grow very close. They manage to qualify in the first round by bribing the judges and eventually win the competition to represent Team India in the WDC by gaining votes through hacking. Many people despise them for their lack of dancing skill, but Charlie and his team are all only concerned with the heist except Mohini. In Dubai, Team Korea are especially hostile towards Team India, including Grover. At the semi final, Charlie saves a Korean member, instantly gaining respect and admiration from the audience. India advances to finals after judges are moved by Charlie's action. Team India becomes loved by everyone. After going over the plan, everything is ready. The team eventually find out that the diamonds will arrive on New Year's Eve instead of Christmas which impedes the heist. Mohini ends up hearing about heist, angrily confronting Charlie and his false motivations of the competition. Charlie reveals a shocking secret that Manohar is actually dead. After Manohar was arrested, he appealed for a trial, but Grover bribed Manohar's lawyers. The next day, Manohar committed suicide by slitting his wrists. Charlie kept this a secret to avoid demoralization. However, the team makes their determination to avenge Manohar even stronger. Mohini joins the team and helps them for the heist. The night of the final round, the heist is set in motion. Mohini lures Vicky into an elevator, where his thumbprint is copied on Nandu who opens the chamber. They open the crack but Charlie and Tammy find another glass safe which houses the diamonds. Tammy realizes that Manohar built this safe. Charlie opens the safe later after deep thinking, realizing that the password to open the safe was his own name. After stealing the diamonds, the team boards a boat, but Mohini refuses to come as she feels dedicated to protecting India's honor with the competition. Rohan joins her as well, leading to a fight amongst the remaining members. When Team India is found missing, Grover claims that they are the thieves. As he watches Mohini perform, other members also join her. Soon after, Charlie makes appearance and eventually helps the team win the competition. With all suspicions removed from Team India, Charan and Vicky Grover are arrested. Charlie reveals himself to Charan and completes the revenge. Team India reach the airport and manage to bypass security. Charlie camouflages the diamonds in his soft-drink, but the security guard disposes it. Later, during the flight Charlie reveals that he switched the fake diamonds on the trophy with the real ones. The team reaches India. During a post-credits scene, Mohini opens her own "Dence School" and everyone laughs at Nandu who is thrown out of bank for showing a winners' cheque. 
 Om Shanti Om (2007)651) In the 1970s, Om, an aspiring actor, is murdered, but is immediately reincarnated into the present day. He attempts to discover the mystery of his demise and find Shanti, the love of his previous life. Om Prakash Makhija is a Junior Artist in the 1970s Hindi film industry and in love with actress Shantipriya. Om rescues Shanti from an out-of-control fire scene and they become friends. His hopes seem to be coming true--until he finds out that she's married to film producer Mukesh Mehra and expecting his child. He then watches in horror as Mukesh, after luring her into an abandoned studio, sets it afire to prevent a financial loss and protect his career. Om attempts--unsuccessfully--to rescue her and eventually dies himself. 30 years later, Om has been reincarnated as the only son of Bollywood actor Rajesh Kapoor, and is himself an actor. His memories start to return when he meets his widowed mother Bela, from his previous life. He also meets Mukesh and they decide to make a movie, 'Om Shanti Om'. Om hires a look-alike of Shantipriya and hopes to force a confession from Mukesh, but things go awry and Om finds his life endangered once again. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Bollywood junior artiste Om Prakash Makhija hopes to make it big in life and is infatuated with popular starlet Shantipriya. But alas!--Shanti is to marry film producer Mukesh Mehra and is already pregnant by him. This crushes Om's hope of uniting with Shanti, but he is forced to rescue her when Mukesh lures her into an enstrangled position, resulting in the death of both. 30 years later Om is re-born to yesteryear Bollywood actor Rajesh Kapoor and is himself an actor. He meets with Mukesh and together they attempt to make a film 'Om Shanti Om'. Here Om will reunite with his beloved Shanti and start to regain his memory, which forces him to investigate--endangering his life once again. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Junior artist Om Makhija dreams of becoming a big star and is in love with top actress Shantipriya. He spends most of his time in film studios with his friend Pappu, and they have had small roles in some big films. During a shoot Om saves Shantipriya and they become friends, and Om tries to express his love to her. Later he hears Shantipriya and producer Mukesh Mehra talking about their secret marriage and is devastated. Mukesh decides to shelve his film as Shantipriya is pregnant, but kills her instead. Om witnesses the murder before he too dies. Years later he is reborn as Superstar OK and recollects his past life when he comes across Mukesh--now known as Mike--and decides to work on a film with him. During auditions he meets Sandy, a Shantipriya lookalike, and with her and Pappu he plans to have Mukesh confess to Shantipriya's murder. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Om Prakash Makhija is a junior artist who dreams of becoming a hero overnight; his mother Bela inspires and encourages him to become a success. He gets to meet Shanti Priya one day and finds out that she is very popular, after a few misunderstandings, Om finally falls in love with Shanti, but is unable to express it to her. He gets to attend her first film, Dreamy Girl, by masquerading as actor Manoj Kumar. He also saves her in a filming episode from an uncontrollable fire and both became good friends. Om asks her out on a date and she agrees. Om is ecstatic and plans a wonderful evening for her, using props and a film set and several backgrounds in a studio to woo her, and she finally attends but under the pretext of a friend. The following day, Om tries to talk to Shanti on the sets of a film but she looks very preoccupied. He follows her into a makeup room and overhears her arguing with top producer Mukesh Mehra, and learns that she is married to him and expecting his child. Shocked and heartbroken, Om flees. One night, he notices Mukesh escorting Shanti to the set. He sees it catch fire and realizes that Shanti is trapped inside. Om tries to save Shanti, but is trapped and severely beaten by Mukesh's guard. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the 1970's, Om Prakash Makhija (Shah Rukh Khan) is a junior artist in the film industry. He and his friend Pappu (Shreyas Talpade) are trying to become big heroes one day. Om's mother, Bela Makhija (Kirron Kher), inspires and encourages her son to become a hero. Om's whole family consists of junior artists. Om's love interest is the country's heart throb and the star of the film, Dreamy Girl, Shantipriya (Deepika Padukone). During the Dreamy Girl premiere, the pallu (scarf) of Shanti's sari gets entangled with Om's hand. Pappu steals an exclusive pass that belongs to Mr. Manoj Kumar to watch the premiere, but have to run out when the real Manoj Kumar appears. While being dragged out of the theater Om manages to get Shanti's attention and he swoons under her gaze.(He does this alot). During the shooting of film in which Shanti stars and Om is an extra, the set catches fire in an uncontrolled manner. Shanti is trapped inside the set and Om rescues her, hurting himself. After the incident, Shanti comes to thank him personally, and incidentally she overhears Om's love for her. They become good friends. Pappu says to Shanti that Om is a big superstar of south India film industry, and even calls her to watch him during a shoot. A hilarious scene of Om fighting the bad guys & a stuffed tiger in true South Indian style being shot by a fake crew occurs. However, the truth is revealed to Shanti that he is really a junior artist and not a big star. She tells him that she thinks that he is a star to her, and he can ask her to do anything he wants, except jump into a fire. He asks her to spend one evening together. Shanti comes to meet Om hidden in a muslim woman's burkha. Om asks Shanti to bring out her hand and ask for love to anyone she loves. After that day they often meet each other. Next day Om manages to pass security and tries to meet Shanti in her dressing room. He overhears that Shanti is already married to the producer Mukesh Mehra (Arjun Rampal). Mukesh first says that he wants to keep their marriage under wraps as a married heroine is not accepted in tinsel town. Mukesh also tells Shanti that he cannot officially accept this because a rich businessman is financing his upcoming film Om Shanti Om for which he requires 40 lakhs rupees. The truth is he is getting married to the daughter of the businessman. Shanti then reveals that she's pregnant & Mukesh is overwhelmed. Om gets heartbroken and tries to avoid Shanti. One night as Om is sitting near a set of Om Shanti Om he finds Mukesh and Shanti driving in to the set. Unknown to them, Om creeps into the set and sees Mukesh telling Shanti that he has decided to cancel the film and he is going to reveal his marriage with her to the public. He also tells Shanti that he will destroy the set after they have a marriage ceremony on it. Om hears all of this and leaves, unable to hear anymore. After Om is gone, Mukesh changes his behavior and he holds Shanti responsible for his financial loss and sets fire in the set of the film. Om sees Mukesh going away in his car & Shanti trapped inside, crying out for help. He tries to help her, but Mukesh's security guards beat him up. Even after the beating, Om tries to save Shanti by going into the set, but in vain. A blast occurs Om is thrown outside and he sees the set explode, killing Shanti. As he runs for help, he is hit by a car owned by Rakesh Kapoor (Javed Sheikh), a well known actor who was rushing his pregnant wife to a hospital. Rakesh takes him to the hospital, but Om dies. The film moves 30 years on after the incident. Om is reincarnated as Om Kapoor, son of Rakesh Kapoor, who was born right after Om Makhija dies and has a burn mark like the Om sign on his wrist (where Om had a tattoo). He is seen as a rising star, a star's kid, and a rich brat, who is also known as "OK". During the shooting, Om freaks out because of the special effects fire eruptions & it is revealed that he is terrified of fire. Om Kapur sees Om Makhija's mother running along side his car. He does not recognize her yet but she recognizes him. Deciding to move onto a new film project, he has his assistant set up a shoot for the next day. They choose the same burnt studio and set of the old Om Shanti Om. As soon as he sees it, Om gets the feeling that he has been there before. As Om visits the burnt set, he remembers everything about his past life. The Filmfare Award ceremony follows, in which Om wins best actor. During the party that follows, he meets Mukesh now Mikey, who has been a popular Hollywood producer for the past 25 years. Om goes to meet Pappu and Bela, Om's mother. He decides to remake the film Om Shanti Om with Mukesh as a way to trap him into confessing for his crime. During the audition for the role of Shanti, the crew meets Sandy or Sandhya, a look-a-like of Shantipriya who swoons the same way he used to swoon whenever he saw Shanti. Sandy is then trained to walk & talk like Shantipriya. Om lashes out at her when she starts laughing while she's reciting a serious dialogue. He then reveals is story to her & Sandy then says that she would've believed him anyway because she loves him. Om then takes Mukesh to the burnt film set (where he killed Shantipryia) to announce the beginning of the film. Here, Om tries to re-enact the whole murder with the help of the new cast of Om Shanti Om with a young actress who Mukesh often looks at with lecherous intentions. Sandy often appears to make Mukesh believe that Shanti has turned into a ghost & he begins to believe that he's going crazy. Later on at the launch of it's music release, Om does a song & dance number where he reveals the whole story. Suddenly a chandelier hits Mukesh's head, making him unconscious. After he wakes up, he finds there is no one in the set except him and Om. Om faces Mukesh and they started fighting. Mukesh reveals that he knows about the plan & his fake Shanti. Sandy appears and starts to speak lines which were not part of their plan, lines that nobody knew about. She reveals that Mukesh came back after burning the set to take care of her body and buried her underneath the set's floor even though she was still alive. Om realizes that she is actually Shanti's ghost when Sandy & his friends burst through the front door. The ghost Shanti kills Mukesh by making a chandelier fall on him. At the end, Om sees the ghost of Shanti tearfully bid him good-bye. She and runs up the stairs and disappears. It is implied that Om and Sandy (who was never the reincarnation of Shantipriya) get together in the end. 
 Main Hoon Na (2004)541) An army major goes undercover as a college student. His mission is both professional and personal: to protect his general's daughter from a radical militant, and to find his estranged half-brother. When India and Pakistan decide to end their hostilities, there is one army person in India who is unhappy, because of his son's death in the Indo-Pak war. He decides to launch terror attacks and bring an end to peace, and for this purpose he shoots and gravely injures an Indian army officer, then decides to do away with the man's daughter Sanjana, who is studying at university. Raghavan and his men descend on the campus and hold over 100 students hostage. There is only one student who can save them, and his name is Ram, he claims he is a student, but is here on a mission--a mission that when told will reveal his real identity and two plans which he must carry out simultaneously. Sumitra (corrected by Iqbal) The governments of India and Pakistan have launched, "Project Milaap", where both the governments will release the POVs from the previous wars. Raghavan, a deranged ex-army-man-turned-militant, does not want the peaceful operation to turn to reality and makes an attempt on Gen. Amarjeet Bakshi's life. While trying to rescue Gen. Bakshi, Brigadier Shekhar Sharma falls prey to a stray bullet. On his deathbed he confesses to his son Major Ramprasad Sharma that his wife and son had left him many years ago due to his infidelity. He tells Ram his last wish: his family be reunited under one roof--and then he dies. Meanwhile, Gen. Bakshi tells Ram that his teenage daughter Sanjana's life is in danger, and asks him to go undercover to Darjeeling and pose as a student in Sanjana's class . As the fate would have it, Ram learns that his younger brother Laxman "Lucky" is studying at the same college. So Maj. Ram starts off on his dual mission: personal and national. Soumitra Laxman Prasad Sharma lives with his mother Madhu in a small town in India. He studies in a local college and has a sweetheart, tomboyish Sanjana Bakshi. The College gets a new student when Ram joins; initially there is considerable friction between Ram and Lakhsman, which soon turns to close friendship. Lakhsman even rents Ram a room in his house and introduces him to his mother. Then all hell breaks loose on campus when renegade former Indian army soldier Raghavan Datta holds about 100 students hostage to stop the prisoner swap between India and Pakistan. Raghavan also exposes Ram for what he really is--a fact that Ram had managed to conceal from all the townspeople and collegians, and an ulterior motive for entering the lives of Lakhsman and Madhu. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie takes place against the background of the political relationship between India and Pakistan. The governments of the two countries have launched "Project Milap", where both the governments will release the POWs from the previous wars. Major Raghavan (Sunil Shetty), a rogue ex-para commando-turned-militant does not want the peaceful operation to turn to reality, and makes an attempt on Gen. Amarjeet Bakshi (Kabir Bedi)'s life. While trying to rescue Gen. Bakshi, Brigadier Shekhar Sharma (Naseeruddin Shah) falls prey to a stray bullet. On his deathbed, Shekhar confesses to his son, Major Ram Prasad Sharma (Shahrukh Khan), that Ram is his illegitimate child, and his wife and son had left him many years ago due to this infidelity. He tells Ram that his last wish is to see his family reunited under one roof, and dies. Gen. Bakshi tells Ram that his teenage daughter Sanjana's (Amrita Rao) life is in danger, and asks him to go undercover as a student in Sanjana's class, to ensure her safety. Ram is reluctant at first but then learns that his younger half-brother Lakshman "Lucky" (Zayed Khan) is studying at the same college. Ram agrees, and starts off on his dual mission: personal and national. At first, Ram is not able to fit into college life due to his age and military background. Ram meets Sanjana, who is Lucky's friend and is secretly in love with him. Lucky is portrayed as a popular student who is not interested in studies and has been at the college for some time now, unable and unwilling to pass his final year. Sanjana is constantly irritated by Ram because of his attempts at friendship, and tells him to stay away from her. Lucky and another student, Vivek, then end up in a competition, which involves getting to the roof of the school. Lucky slips off the roof, but is caught just in time by Ram, and this causes the two to become friends. Soon thereafter, Mrs. Sharma (Kirron Kher), Lucky's mother, advertises for a paying guest in their house in order to make ends meet, and Ram takes this opportunity to live in their house. Ram finally starts adjusting to college life, building a good relationship with the other students and himself. He succeeds in wooing his lecturer, Ms. Chandini (Sushmita Sen), and Lucky and Sanjana engage in a romantic relationship. At the same time, Major Raghavan arrives at the college, also posing undercover as a member of staff. Mrs. Sharma and Lucky find out that Ram is actually Shekar's son, and kick him out of their house. Ram then explains why he entered their lives, revealing his father's ashes and his last wish. This causes Mrs. Sharma to have a change of heart and realize her mistake of not reuniting with Brig. Sharma when he was alive. Major Raghavan kidnaps Sanjana and holds a large number of students and staff members hostage. In return for their safety, he wants Ram to call off the prisoner exchange program. Raghavan and Ram engage in a dangerous battle and Ram emerges as the victor. The film ends on a positive note, showing the success of Project Milap. 
 Kal Ho Naa Ho (2003)651) Naina, an introverted, perpetually depressed girl's life changes when she meets Aman. But Aman has a secret of his own which changes their lives forever. Embroiled in all this is Rohit, Naina's best friend who conceals his love for her. The film's female lead, Naina (Preity Zinta) narrates the story. Her father had committed suicide years ago which left a deep impact on her heart. Her family is dysfunctional since her mother and grandmother just cannot stop arguing. But when Aman (Shahrukh Khan) arrives next door, the whole gloomy conditions change. Aman infuses life in skeptical and overtly serious Naina, and she falls in love with him. But Aman knows that he cannot marry Naina because of a secret which he cannot divulge to her. So he intends upon setting her up with her best pal Rohit (Saif Ali Khan). Soumitra Naina is a very serious girl with a very serious life. But one day, her soul is awakened by the happy-go-lucky Aman, who teaches her that life is meant to be lived. Naturally, she falls in love with him. But Aman is harboring a secret that keeps him from reciprocating Naina's love. But he cannot stand having her live a life without love, so he sets off on a mission to fill her life with someone else's love - someone she already knows.... anna bo banna Naina and Rohit are best friends. When Aman comes into their lives, their worlds are turned upside down. Aman tries to play matchmaker between them and succeeds as Rohit falls for Naina. However, Naina falls in love with Aman, who although also in love with her, rejects her love. Meanwhile, Aman goes around fixing Naina's family problems. Moneymaker Naina Kapur is the eldest of three and currently doing an MBA course in New York City. Her coursemate Rohit is a playboy wannabe who fails more than he succeeds, and the two befriend each other since she's one of the few women he doesn't plan to court. Naina lives with her mother and her paternal grandmother who, in essence, is your stereotypical mother-in-law. Not everything is going smoothly for the family. Their restaurant business is constantly in the red and family squabbles between the two in-laws are constant. However, the Kapur family still maintains their status quo, even if the children are unhappy about it. Enter Naina's new neighbour, Aman Mathur - a charismatic busybody who gets into everyone's face and then gets away with it. He brings a new life to the neighbourhood and slowly but surely begins to change the lives of everyone around him. He pushes people to become the best that they can be, and even gets Rohit spurred on enough to court Naina seriously. That is, until he realises that he's falling hard for Naina as well. And to complicate matters, Naina has also fallen for him. Peter Lin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Naina Catherine Kapur (Preity Zinta) is an angry young woman, for more than one reason. Her father committed suicide when she needed him the most, leaving his wife Jennifer (Jaya Bachchan) to raise their children all alone. The restaurant Jennifer operates is faltering. Furthermore, Naina's paternal grandmother, Lajjo (Sushma Seth), blames Jennifer for the suicide and refuses to accept Gia, a six-year-old girl whom Jennifer adopted, as her granddaughter, blaming her for bringing bad luck to the family. Naina has to put up with the daily fights that take place in the house as a result. The only factors that redeem her life are the toiling and tolerant Jennifer and Naina's bumbling MBA classmate Rohit (Saif Ali Khan) Aman Mathur (Shahrukh Khan) arrives in Naina's neighbourhood and soon changes everything. Noticing the sadness of his new neighbours, he intervenes. His well-meaning interference in their activities, his revival of their financial condition, and his general optimism soon change their lives for the better. Although Naina is initially reluctant to enjoy Aman's presence as others do and is irritated by his extroverted, overly-enthusiastic attitude, she grows to like him and eventually to love him. Meanwhile, her friend Rohit has fallen in love with her. On Aman's encouragement, he calls Naina for lunch but before he can propose to her, she reveals her love for Aman. Rohit informs Aman about this and leaves shortly for his parents' home. Naina goes to Aman's house where, to stop her from confessing her feelings to him, Aman tells her that he is married to a woman named Priya. Aman, it is revealed, is dying of a severe condition that is progressively weakening his heart. Knowing that his lifespan is limited, he goes through life facilitating friendships and courtship, and urging people to enjoy themselves in the present moment since "tomorrow might never come". His excursions into such altruism eventually lead him to sacrifice his love for Naina and instead playing matchmaker between her and Rohit. After a few weeks of courtship, Naina starts to like Rohit as more than just a friend and accepts his proposal of marriage. The tension within Naina's family also stops when Aman, after intercepting a personal letter addressed to Jennifer, reveals that Gia is Naina's half-sister through their father's extramarital affair. Lajjo finally accepts Gia, and the now-united family wholeheartedly prepare for Rohit and Naina's wedding. As the film progresses, Aman's health deteriorates. One episode of intense excitement nearly kills him. Naina, in a chance encounter, meets Priya, Aman's supposed wife who is actually his doctor. She then realises that Aman had lied about his being married to hide his true condition, and possibly, the fact that he may love her in return. She goes to see Aman, and although he defiantly refuses to admit his true feelings, she finally understands that he loves her as well. Aman convinces her to get married to Rohit anyway, because he will not be alive for much longer. Shortly after Rohit and Naina marry, Aman eventually dies of his weakness, with Rohit and Naina by his side. Sinjan 