nm0003676:

 Prison (1987)Summaries The spirit of a long-dead prisoner returns for revenge, haunting the prison's new governor. A convict is executed via electric chair for a murder he did not commit n later the prison is closed. The dead convict's soul returns from the afterlife to take revenge but goes on a killing spree when the prison is reopened after thirty years. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com After Charles Forsythe was sent to the electric chair for a crime he didn't commit, he forever haunts the prison where he was executed. Flash forward several years when the prison is reopened, under the control of its new warden Ethan Sharpe, a former security guard who was present at Forsythe's execution. When prisoners are ordered to break down the wall to the execution room, they unknowingly release the angry spirit of Charles Forsythe, a powerful being distributing his murderous rage to all, leading up to the Warden himself. Wallace Entertainment It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Shotguns and Six Strings: Making a Rock N Roll Fable (2017 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 As Timeless as Infinity: The Twilight Zone Legacy (2014)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Class of 1999 (1990)321) Three ex-military robots are reprogrammed as teachers and secretly placed in a school where most students are part of organized gangs. They begin to respond violently to unruly students, and their military training starts to take over. As crime runs rampant around gang-plagued high schools in late-1990s America, Seattle's Kennedy High School has become a free-fire zone: an independent area where the police don't even dare to enter. As a result, bent on bringing order and discipline back to his crime-ridden school, the new principal, Dr Miles Langford, agrees to take part in an ambitious government initiative by having three former military cyborgs as undercover android educators. For the fresh-out-of-prison ex-gang member, Cody Culp, this is a golden opportunity to start afresh and get his life back on track; however, his zero-tolerance cybernetic instructors only believe in punishment. Back in 1984, the teachers were afraid of the pupils, in Class of 1984 (1982) . Now, in 1999, it's the other way round. Is this the future of education? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a future world in Seattle the High Schools are one step above the prisons. In a new program to insure that students will come to class and remain alert to their subjects, Dr. Bob Forrest (Stacy Keach) has adapted Cyborgs from military research and development and made them into teachers. The head of the High School program Dr. Miles Langford (Malcolm McDowell) loves the idea mainly because his high school is rampant with gangs, and his daughter Christine (Traci Lind) is one of the students. When local high school tough Cody Culp (Bradley Gregg) is released from jail and back into the high school system he immediately is confronted by his old drug-addled and violence-prone school mates, but when he discovers how the new drug called the Edge has affected them and particularly his own mother, he begins to have a change of heart. This change of heart is also helped by Cody's friendship with Christine who sees the good inside of the damaged soul of Cody and works to bond with him. When the three Cyborgs Ms. Connors (Pam Grier), Mr. Bryles (Patrick Kilpatrick), and Mr. Hardin (John Ryan) demonstrate homicidal solutions to student misbehavior Cody and Christine join together to uncover the true nature of these instructors and discover that they will have to fight for their lives to make high school a better place. 