nm0005429:

 Out Cold (2001)44) A snowboarder's plans for his own snowboard park go awry when an ex-girlfriend returns to town. Bull Mountain, Alaska, is a no frills ski resort, and the staff is a bunch of partying snowboard bums. The late founder, Papa Muntz, was famed for skiing with his butt exposed, and in fact is so memorialized by a statue. But his son, Ted, plans to sell the resort to hotshot ski mogul John Majors, who starts turning it into a slick resort, which of course has no room for most of the staff. The exception is Rick, the most serious of the bunch. But there's a complication: Rick met Majors' stepdaughter Anna on vacation in Mexico, and he's never gotten over a crush he had on her, even though she's about to marry a great guy, and Rick is also fiercely loyal to his friends. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Rick is the leader of a group of prankster snowboard employees at Bull Mountain, Alaska whose lives change for the better or worse when a hotshot land developer, named John Majors, arrives with the intent to buy out the owner, Ted Muntz, and turn Bull Mountain into a money laundering, tourist theme ski park while Rick deals with Majors' stepdaughter Anna, who was the former love of his life and who abandoned him some years back, Casablanca style. Matthew Patay Animal House meets Casablanca in this outrageous snowboarding comedy. Rick Rambis and his friends are having the times of their lives on Bull Mountain until the legendary Papa Muntz's son decides to sell the mountain to sleazy land developer John Majors, having the staff fired and turning Bull Mountain into "Yuppieville". A.J. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Boat Trip (2002)Summaries Two straight men mistakenly end up on a "gays only" cruise. Jerry and Nick are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom, Jerry's especially, having just vomited all over his fiance on a hot air balloon trip prior to proposing to her. To escape their troubles and find women, they book a trip on-board a cruiseliner, unaware the travel agent has just played a horrid trick on them in retaliation for Nick offending his secret gay lover. And that's the trick; it's a gay cruiseliner for gay men to meet and mingle. Slowly but surely, the two main characters begin to realize this and in turn get into a lot of humorous predicaments. corrections by perugirl527@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Heartbreaker (2010)Summaries Alex and his sister run a business designed to break up relationships. They are hired by a rich man to break up the wedding of his daughter. The only problem is that they only have one week to do so. You could say Alex Lippi is a ladies' man but it is not true. Of course he has already wooed and charmed armies of women, young and less young, French and foreign. But Alex does it only on active service. Indeed he is appointed to break up undesired couplings. This time he must prevent a rich young lady from marrying an English millionaire. The girl is beautiful and the future husband a perfect match. Will he manage to accomplish this difficult mission? Guy Bellinger It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 BASEketball (1998)Summaries Two childhood friends are pro athletes of a national sport called BASEketball, a hybrid of baseball and basketball, and must deal with a greedy businessman scheming against their team. Two losers from Milwaukee, Coop & Remer, invent a new game playing basketball, using baseball rules. When the game becomes a huge success, they, along with a billionaire's help, form the Professional Baseketball League where everyone gets the same pay and no team can change cities. Coop & Remer's team, the Milwaukee Beers is the only team standing in the way of major rule changes that the owner of the Dallas Felons wants to institute. Kelvin Cabrera-Castellar <kelvinc@concentric.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 