nm0008650:

 The Broken Christmas Toys (2015 )Summaries Kris Kringle(Nick Palatas) a.k.a. Santa Claus battles diabolical enemies to save planet earth from a wave of evil. Kris Kringle a.k.a. Santa Claus along with wife Jessica Mary Kringle, after reaching the age of ninety-nine are changed back to twenty-one via an experimental cell rejuvenation process and must battle wits with an old nemesis who exists in a netherworld and has the ability to reek havoc through control of a secret world of toys. Don Abernathy It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Naomi's Web (2000)Summaries An inmate is accused of murdering her cellmate, but the ensuing investigation uncovers a twisted web of secrets and lies. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Robot Mission: And Then There Were NoneSummaries Seven robots find themselves on a mission to restore the extinct human race after a nuclear holocaust. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Robot MissionSummaries Seven robots are are on a mission as the only possible hope to restore the extinct human race after a nuclear holocaust. In the very distant future, seven robots find themselves on a mission to restore the extinct human race; however, after the earth has cooled down from its nuclear holocaust enough to support life, the Robot Mission team discover the earth being inhabited by an alien species and must now use all of their skills, intelligence, and resources to complete their Robot Mission. Don Abernathy It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 