nm0002266:

 Punisher: War Zone (2008)431) Frank Castle, known as the Punisher, ruthlessly demolishes organized crime, but it starts an even bigger war. Frank Castle, the ex-military man whose family was killed by criminals, who became a vigilante known as the Punisher, goes after a whole mob family and gets everyone except enforcer Billy Russoti. He tracks Russoti down and chases him into a vat that is used for crushing bottles. Frank turns on the crusher hoping it would take care of him but it doesn't. He survives but sustains very severe injuries that even with plastic surgery his face looks like a jigsaw puzzle. So he decides to adopt the name Jigsaw. Frank who killed one of Russoti's people who unknown to him is an undercover Fed, decides to pack it in. But when he learns Russoti didn't die and is looking for the money he entrusted to the Fed and will go looking for it at his home which means his family is in danger. So Frank tries to save them. But Russoti wants revenge on Frank so he breaks out his brother who is so crazed that he is committed to an asylum, to deal with him. And also another Fed who's a friend of the man Frank killed wants him too. rcs0411@yahoo.com Hell-bent on punishing the gangsters responsible for the death of his family and countless others, Frank Castle finds himself on a violent path of destruction, waging a one-man war against the despicable crime family led by a man known as Jigsaw. Cian Swailes Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Frank Castle (Ray Stevenson), who by now has been the Punisher for five years, assaults a party for mob boss Gaitano Cesare. Billy Russoti (Dominic West) escapes to his recycling plant hideout, and Detectives Martin Soap (Dash Mihok) and Saffiotti (Tony Calabretta), who were staking out the party, inform Castle. Castle infiltrates Russoti's hideout, and a brief firefight, Russoti is thrown into a glass-crushing machine that leaves him hideously disfigured. Russoti later refers to himself as "Jigsaw" because the stitches in his face resemble puzzle pieces. Castle, who has taken cover behind the body of Nicky Donatelli (Romano Orzari), discovers that a presumed thug he had killed in the hideout was an undercover FBI agent. Agent Paul Budiansky (Colin Salmon), the deceased agent's partner, joins the NYPD's "Punisher Task Force", partnering with Soap to help bring Castle to justice; unknown to him, the task force was created to inadvertently help support Castle's cause. Meanwhile, Jigsaw frees his deranged brother, "Loony Bin Jim" (Doug Hutchison). Distraught over killing the agent, Castle attempts to make reparations to Donatelli's wife, Angela (Julie Benz), and daughter, Grace (Stephanie Janusauskas), to no avail. Castle threatens to retire from the vigilante business, but his armorer, Microchip (Wayne Knight), forces him to reconsider, telling him Jigsaw will go after Donatelli's family for revenge. Jigsaw, Loony Bin Jim, and two goons, Ink and Pittsy, break into Donatelli's house and hold the family hostage. The Punisher tracks down Maginty (T. J. Storm) a known associate of Jigsaw, executing Maginty after he has told what he knows. Budiansky and Soap attempt to arrest the Punisher, who disarms them, but Budiansky handcuffs himself to the Punisher. The Punisher tells him Jigsaw went after Donatelli's family, and Budiansky sends a police car to check on the Donatelli house, intending to turn the Punisher inn. When the patrol car fails to respond, Budiansky checks on the house, where he is caught by Ink and Pittsy. Soap frees the Punisher, who kills Ink and Pittsy before leading Donatellis wife and daughter away. Budiansky then arrests Jigsaw and Loony Bin Jim after a short gun fight. Jigsaw and his brother bargain with the FBI for their release by giving up Cristu Bulat (David Vadim), who was smuggling in a biological weapon destined for Arab terrorists in Queens, New York. The brothers are granted immunity, plus the US$12 million Bulat was paying to use Jigsaw's port, and a file on Micro. They take Micro hostage, killing his mother in the process. They once again take the Donatellis hostage, after critically injuring Carlos, whom Castle had left to protect them. Castle later arrives at the hideout to find evidence of their break-in and sees a badly wounded Carlos. He informs Castle of what happened and is then mercy killed in consent, by a sorrowful Castle. Jigsaw sets himself up in the Bradstreet Hotel, hiring a small private army of criminals. Castle enlists the help of Budiansky, who informs Cristu's father, Tiberiu Bulat (Aubert Pallascio), where Jigsaw is located. Tiberiu's goons start a shootout in the hotel lobby, affording Castle a distraction. Castle enters through a second-floor window, leading to a firefight with Jigsaw's hired guns. Afterward, Loony Bin Jim engages Castle in hand-to-hand combat; realizing he will probably not survive the brawl, Jim runs away. Castle chases him and confronts both him and Jigsaw, who are holding Micro and Grace Donatelli at gunpoint. Jigsaw gives Castle a choice: If Frank shoots Micro, Jigsaw will let the others go free. Micro bravely offers his life to save the girl, but Castle chooses to shoot Loony Bin Jim instead. As a result, Jigsaw kills Micro. Enraged by the loss of his partner, Castle attacks Jigsaw, eventually impaling him with a metal rod and throwing him onto a fire. As Jigsaw burns to death, Castle calmly tells him, "This is just the beginning." Outside, Angela forgives Castle, who bids farewell to Budiansky and the Donatelli family. As Castle and Soap leave together, Soap tries to convince Castle to give up his vigilante status after having "killed every criminal in town." Soap however changes his mind when he is attacked by a murderous mugger who quickly becomes another victim of the Punisher. 
 Apollo 18 (2011)321) Decades-old found footage from NASA's abandoned Apollo 18 mission, where three American astronauts were sent on a secret expedition, reveals the reason the U.S. has never returned to the moon. Cmndr Walker, Cptn. Anderson and Lt. Col. Grey are assigned to a secret mission to the moon. Walker and Anderson land, while Grey stays in orbit. As they collect samples, they find footprints...and the body of a Soviet cosmonaut on the moon. Soon they hear weird noises andv find they're not alone. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Decades-old found footage from NASA's abandoned Apollo 18 mission, where two American astronauts were sent on a secret expedition, reveals the reason the U.S. has never returned to the moon. In December, 1973, the crew of the previously-cancelled Apollo 18 mission is informed that the mission is a go, though it has now been deemed a top secret Department of Defense mission. Commander Nathan Walker (Lloyd Owen), Lieutenant Colonel John Grey (Ryan Robbins) and Captain Benjamin Anderson (Warren Christie) are launched towards the Moon to place detectors to alert the United States of any impending ICBM attacks from the USSR. Grey remains in orbit aboard the Freedom Command/Service module while Walker and Anderson land on the moon in the lunar module Liberty. While planting one of the detectors, the pair take samples of moon rocks. While attempting to sleep, the pair hear noises outside and a camera captures a small rock moving nearby. Houston (Andrew Airlie's voice) claims the noises are interference from the ICBM detectors. Anderson finds a rock sample on the floor of Liberty despite having secured the samples. During further exploration they discover footprints that lead them to a Soviet LK lander nearby, finding it functional but blood-stained. Anderson follows tracks leading into a dark crater and finds a dead cosmonaut. Walker queries Houston about the Soviet presence but is told only to continue with the mission. The following day the pair find that the flag they had planted is missing. Their mission complete, the crew prepares to leave the Moon but the launch is aborted when Liberty suffers violent shaking. An inspection reveals extensive damage to Liberty and non-human tracks that Walker cites as evidence of extraterrestrial life. Walker feels something moving inside his spacesuit and helmet and is horrified as a spider-like creature crawls across the inside of his helmet. Walker disappears from view and Anderson finds him unconscious outside of Liberty. Walker later denies the events. A wound is discovered on Walker's chest; Anderson feels, and removes, a Moon rock embedded within him. The pair find themselves unable to contact Houston or Grey due to increased levels of interference from an unknown source. Anderson speculates that the true intention of the ICBM warning devices is to monitor the aliens. The pair also increasingly wonder if the devices are the source of the interference; Houston had assured them that this was not so. Walker shows signs of a developing infection around his wound and he becomes increasingly paranoid. The mission cameras capture the rock samples moving around in the interior of Liberty, revealing that the aliens are the moon rocks (or indistinguishable from the real rocks). Increasingly delusional, Walker attempts to destroy the cameras within Liberty but accidentally damages the system controls, causing Liberty to depressurize. Realizing the Soviet LK is their only source of oxygen, the pair travel to the LK lander in their lunar rover. Along the way, Walker attempts to run away, believing he should not leave the Moon because of the risk of spreading the infection to Earth. Anderson crashes as he attempts to stop Walker. Anderson awakens and tracks Walker, finding him at the crater where they found the cosmonaut. Walker is pulled into the crater by the creatures. Anderson gives chase, using his strobe light to illuminate the area. The rocks start to sprout their spider-like legs, causing Anderson to flee to the Soviet LK. Using its radio he makes contact with USSR Mission Control who connect him to the United States Department of Defense. The deputy secretary of the department informs Anderson that they will not allow him to return to Earth, admitting they are aware of the situation and fear he is also infected. Anderson manages to contact Grey and they make arrangements for Anderson to return to Freedom. Anderson prepares the lander for launch but it is attacked by Walker. Before Walker can breach the vehicle, he is swarmed by the creatures, which crawl into his helmet and cause his blood to splatter onto the lander. Anderson launches the LK lander successfully with the intent of arriving near Freedom and entering it via spacewalk. Grey is informed that Anderson is infected. Grey is ordered to abort Anderson's rescue or communication will be ceased, rendering him unable to return to Earth. Inside the lander, the reduced gravity causes small rocks within the Soviet craft to float. Anderson realizes with horror that some of the rocks are actually alien creatures. Anderson is attacked and infected by the creatures, preventing him from controlling the vehicle, leaving it headed toward Freedom. Grey yells to Anderson that he is coming in too fast. The space footage ends abruptly, implying a collision. The footage cuts to before the pilots' mission, showing them having a barbecue with friends and family. The "official" fate of the astronauts is given, describing them as having died in various accidents that left their bodies unrecoverable. An epilogue explains that many of the rock samples returned from the previous Apollo missions are unaccounted for. 
 Colossal (2016)541) Gloria is an out-of-work party girl forced to leave her life in New York City and move back home. When reports surface that a giant creature is destroying Seoul, she gradually comes to the realization that she is somehow connected to this phenomenon. Gloria (Anne Hathaway) is an out-of-work girl who, after getting kicked out of her apartment by her boyfriend, is forced to leave her life in New York and move back to her hometown. When news reports surface that a giant creature is destroying Seoul, South Korea, Gloria gradually comes to the realization that she is somehow connected to this far-off phenomenon. As events begin to spin out of control, Gloria must determine why her seemingly insignificant existence has such a colossal effect on the fate of the world. To put it briefly, young Gloria's life is a complete mess. She has a serious alcohol dependency, she parties hard like there's no tomorrow, she is a jobless online magazine writer stuck in a creative rut, and recently, she was kicked out of her ex-boyfriend's apartment in New York. Inevitably, having nowhere else to go, Gloria shamefaced and penniless, returns to her hometown's old house to figure things out, get her life together and lick her wounds, where she will unexpectedly cross paths with Oscar, an old childhood friend since elementary. As hazed Gloria attempts to restart her life all over again any way she can, on the other side of the world, in Seoul, an unprecedented manifestation of a gargantuan Kaiju monster takes the bustling metropolis by surprise, wreaking havoc without remorse and triggering a global state of emergency. Nick Riganas Gloria is an unemployed writer struggling with alcoholism. Her errant behavior prompts her frustrated boyfriend Tim to break up with her and evict her from their New York City apartment. Forced to move back to her hometown in New England (the fictional Mainhead), Gloria reunites with her childhood friend Oscar, who now runs his late father's bar. Oscar is warm and welcoming to Gloria; he brings her an old television set for her unfurnished house and offers her a job at the bar to help her, which Gloria accepts. Working at the bar aggravates Gloria's alcohol problem. Each shift, she hangs out and drinks until morning with Oscar and his friends, Garth and Joel, while sleeping it off on a bench near a children's playground. At the same time, a giant reptilian monster appears in Seoul, leaving death and destruction in its wake. Gradually, Gloria realizes that when she walks through the playground at exactly 8:05 am, she causes the monster to manifest and is able to remotely control the monster's movements, which mirror her own.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in Seoul, South Korea. A little girl and her mother are walking through a park for the girl's doll. After she finds the doll, lightning strikes in the sky. A giant monster manifests out of thin air and begins walking through the city. The little girl screams in horror. New York City, 25 years later. Gloria (Anne Hathaway) is coming home early in the morning while hungover. She tries to explain her situation to her boyfriend Tim (Dan Stevens), but he's had enough of her coming home at odd hours drunk and not being able to hold a job. He tells her he's packed up her things and that he wants her out of there. Tim leaves Gloria sitting there in disbelief. After he's gone, some of her friends come into the apartment to start partying. Gloria moves from the city to her old hometown into her parents' old home. While walking home with an inflatable mattress, she is spotted on the street by her old childhood friend Oscar (Jason Sudeikis). They catch up and he invites her to join him at the bar that he inherited from his father. There, Gloria meets Oscar's other friends Garth (Tim Blake Nelson) and Joel (Austin Stowell), the latter whom Gloria finds attractive. The four of them drink in a part of the bar that Gloria remembers from a while ago as it has horses painted on the walls. Joel attempts to kiss Gloria at one point, but she pulls back as Oscar yells at Joel. Gloria walks home drunk while hauling the mattress in a bag across her back. She passes through the park and over the playground. When Gloria wakes up, she gets a call from her sister to check out the news. Gloria opens her laptop and sees an article and video of a monster attack in Seoul. She is horrified to see this. She calls Tim about what she saw, but he knows she's been drinking and he doesn't want to talk to her in that condition. Oscar gives Gloria a job to work at the bar and even gives her a big TV for her living room. She spends her time drinking and hanging out with Oscar and his buddies again. She goes home drunk through the park again. Gloria wakes up and sees that the monster reappeared in Seoul. Oscar shows up at her house as she is seeing this on the news. He comforts her as she is still freaked out, but as Gloria looks at the TV, she sees that the monster is scratching its head, which is something Gloria did earlier that she identifies as a tic where she constantly scratches her head. When Gloria looks further into the footage of the monster, she sees that it looks as if it is carrying something on its back. Gloria goes by the park around the same time that the monster was reported to start attacking. She lifts one arm up in the air and then raises both arms. When she sees the news later, the monster has mimicked her exact same movements. Gloria brings Oscar, Garth, and Joel by the park around 8:05, which is the time that the monster usually starts to emerge. The guys pull up livestream sites that record the monster as it appears. Gloria then starts dancing, and the monster starts doing the same moves. After a while, the guys notice what's going on. Joel thinks it's a prank but the monster still does what Gloria does. They inform her that helicopters are shooting missiles at the monster, which physically affects Gloria as well. She makes punching gestures, making the monster punch the helicopter and causing it to crash against its head. Gloria then stumbles drunkenly and falls. The news then shows that the monster's fall caused serious destruction and killed hundreds of people. Gloria becomes distraught and guilt-ridden. Oscar goes to her house and brings her a newspaper showing that the monster was joined in the city by a giant robot, which Oscar thinks is him. While Gloria is still freaked out by having indirectly killed people, Oscar isn't too bothered by being a robot. With his help, they find a Korean man who helps them translate message. Gloria goes by the park and makes the people of Seoul step away from the monster as she/it begins to write a message into the ground. The message translates to "I'm sorry, it was a mistake, it won't happen again." The opinion on the monster changes, now having people believe it means well. Gloria goes over to Joel's place where they hook up and she spends the night. Gloria and Oscar get drunk and then go to the park again. As both the monster and robot, Gloria slaps Oscar, making it look like the monster and robot are fighting. The monster appears to order the robot to leave, and the people of Seoul cheer on the monster. Gloria starts to do better by not drinking so much. However, Oscar starts to seem more hostile and antagonistic as he drinks. He tells Gloria to have a beer, and she refuses until he says he will go to the park if she doesn't take it. She takes the beer and pours it out in front of him. Oscar also calls out Garth for doing cocaine in the bathroom. Oscar then leaves drunkenly as Gloria goes after him. The next day, Joel comes over with a bunch of furniture for Gloria's house that Oscar sent as an apology. Tim contacts Gloria. She visits him at a Holiday Inn. They argue when Gloria mentions she's working at the bar, even though Tim previously dumped her for losing her last job. They later go to the bar where Oscar is already drunk and being a dick with customers. He takes out a massive firework that he and his friends bought long ago and were saving for a special occasion. The other patrons clear out as Oscar lights it, sending fireworks everywhere. Through a flashback, we see Gloria and Oscar as children on the way to school with models they made for class projects. The wind blows them away out of their hands. Oscar goes into the woods and finds Gloria's model, but he starts stomping on it spitefully. Lightning then strikes in the air, hitting both children in the head. Out of their bags spill toys that resemble the monster and the robot. Gloria goes home later to find Oscar in her house with keys that her parents gave her years earlier. Gloria tells Oscar that she figures his behavior comes from the fact that he hates himself. They start fighting and destroying furniture until Oscar runs out. Gloria follows Oscar as he goes to the park. She tries to stop him, leading to another monster-robot fight in Seoul. However, Oscar starts to strike Gloria, eventually knocking her down. He tells her that if she leaves, he will continue to rampage through the city. As he stomps around the park, we hear the sounds of people in Seoul screaming in terror as the robot stomps through the city, while Gloria lies helpless on the ground. Gloria then gets an idea of how to stop this. She takes a plane to Seoul as the city is being evacuated. She gets a call from Tim asking if he's going to go back with her. Gloria says no and hangs up on him. Meanwhile, Oscar is drunk and walking into the park, so the robot materializes over the city. The people run from it but Gloria walks toward it. In the park, Oscar hears stomping noises as the ground shakes. The monster is now standing over him. He runs away in terror, and the robot runs across the ocean. Gloria moves forward and grabs the air, which makes the monster grab Oscar and makes it look like the robot is being picked up by an invisible force. Oscar starts crying and yells at the monster to put him down. He calls her a fucking bitch, so Gloria/the monster hurl Oscar/the robot into the distance. The people of Seoul cheer as the robot is gone. Gloria walks away from the scene. As it is being reported on, Joel sees her on TV behind the anchorwoman commentating on the scene. Gloria walks into a small restaurant, looking like she's about to cry. The woman behind the counter asks if she wants food. Gloria says yes, and then offers to tell the woman a story. The woman agrees and then asks Gloria if she wants a drink. Gloria just sighs. 
 Reign of Fire (2002)651) A brood of fire-breathing dragons emerges from the earth and begins setting everything ablaze, establishing dominance over the planet. In present-day London, 12-year-old Quinn Abercromby witnesses the awakening of a hibernating dragon from a centuries-long slumber, the result of a construction dig supervised by his mother and an incident for which Quinn feels partially responsible. Twenty years later, the adult Quinn (Christian Bale) is the fire chief of a refortified castle community, responsible for dousing the blazes lit by the dragon's prodigious number of flame-spewing offspring, airborne juggernauts that have wreaked havoc across the globe, torching civilization and turning humans into an endangered species. Hope arrives in the form of Denton "Dragon Slayer" Van Zan (Matthew McConaughey), an American known to be the only man to ever kill one of the dragons, and Alex (Izabella Scorupco), a scientist/pilot who's a member of Van Zan's army, a zealous fighting force that includes a secret weapon: the Archangels, paratroopers using themselves as bait to attract and then dispatch the deadly beasts. It is twenty years in the future, and the planet has been devastated by vicious fire-breathing dragons. The last vestiges of humanity now struggle for survival at remote outposts. In a ruined castle in the English countryside, Quinn is desperately trying to hold together a band of frightened, restless survivors. As a boy, Quinn watched his mother die protecting him from one of the beasts, and is still haunted by the memory. One day, a group of American rogues shows up, led by a brash, tough-guy named Van Zan. He claims to have discovered a way to kill the dragons once and for all, and enlists Quinn's help. But doing so will force Quinn to confront his own frightening memories. This, and Quinn's responsibilities to those that are under his protection, results in a battle of wills between the two men. In the end, events cause them both to realize that they must work together to defeat the monsters--both without and within. LOTUSB1973 A 12 year old Quinn Abercromby accompanies his mother to work one day at a London tunneling project, his witnesses the accidental uncovering of a centuries old fire-breathing dragon beast and waking it from its sleep. After witnessing the beast kill his mother the film jumps twenty years later to a grown up Quinn who is the "fire chief" in a refugee camp. Unexpectedly an American militia leader shows up at the camp with a group of men that he calls "slayers." Van Zan and Quinn engage in a power struggle, before realizing it's the dragons they should be fighting instead. SindyMac In present-day London, twelve-year-old Quinn watches as his mother, a construction engineer, inadvertently wakes an enormous fire-breathing beast from its century-long slumber. Twenty years later, much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring. As a fire chief, Quinn is responsible for warding off the beasts and keeping a community alive as they eke out a meager existence. Into their midst comes a hotshot American, Van Zan, who says he has a way to kill the beasts and save mankind - a way Quinn's never seen done. Fuses a medieval past with a post-apocalyptic future in this exciting tale of adventure and survival. anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During Underground construction in London around the year 2008, a huge, hibernating dragon is discovered and springs to life, instantly incinerating all construction workers with its fiery breath. The only survivor is the 12-year-old Quinn Abercromby (Ben Thornton), whose mother (Alice Krige) was chief of the construction crew. Quinn and his mother are suddenly trapped in a shaft elevator and his mother is crushed when the dragon escapes. Soon thousands of them work their way through Europe and eventually the rest of the world, burning everything, feeding on the ash, and multiplying at an exponential rate. The world powers use their most powerful weapons, but this only hastens the destruction of the planet. In 2020, the adult Quinn (played by Christian Bale) leads a colony of survivors in a medieval stone castle in Northumberland, a lonely bastion of mankind, afraid of the sky and the dragons that could attack any time. Their hope is to outlast the dragons, wait until they die out again (as they presumably did several times before) and go into hibernation. Unfortunately, the people are beginning to starve while waiting for their crops to ripen. Quinn finds it difficult to keep members of his colony from harvesting from their crops before they've matured. One morning a small team sneaks out to harvest tomatoes. They draw the attention of an attacking dragon that burns a few of them and torches most of the remainder of the crop. Quinn and his friend Creedy rescue the survivors in armored vehicles, using firefighting water cannons and flame-proof suits. At night, Creedy and Quinn entertain the kids of the colony with a playacted rendition of Star Wars. They also have the kids recite a prayer warning them to watch the skies for dragons and dig tunnels to survive. One day, a team of American dragon-slayers arrive in an armored column, led by Denton Van Zan (Matthew McConaughey) and bringing a Chieftain tank and an Agusta A109 helicopter, piloted by Alex (Izabella Scorupco). The American team's request to enter the castle grounds is first refused by Quinn. Van Zan shows Quinn a dragon's tooth he wears around his neck, saying that it came from the 1st one he killed in the American Midwest. Van Zan had figured out a way to attack dragons when they are most vulnerable: dragons have excellent vision at both day and night but during "magic hour" their vision is impaired and what they see is unfocused. Mistrusting, but needing each other, the two leaders Quinn and Van Zan work together and eventually manage to kill the dragon that destroyed the crop. Van Zan's team use a sophisticated triangulation system using small remote tracking devices that allow parachuting commandos to draw dragons into the range of Van Zan's arsenal of weapons. Two of the three skydivers are killed by the dragon, one lands safely and the operation is successful -- Van Zan himself kills the dragon when Quinn, riding on horseback, is able to lure it close enough to a large harpoon cannon. The inhabitants of the castle, having not seen a dragon slayed, celebrate the victory that night, only to be chastised by Van Zan, who is disgusted by their behaviour, having lost three of his team in the battle. Afterward, Van Zan and Alex tell Quinn that all dragons his unit have encountered so far are female. Their theory is that they are like fish; the females lay their eggs around the world, then the male comes and fertilize them, leaving them with the theory that there is only a single male within the whole dragon population world-wide. The next morning, Van Zan requests that members of the colony join him in hunting the male in London. All are reluctant and Van Zan announces he will choose volunteers. Quinn objects and the two fight with each other, Van Zan gaining the upper hand. Furious, Van Zan leaves anyway. Van Zan and his unit discover a road block on the desolate highway to London. Van Zan then sends Alex to find a new way around. The male dragon soon arrives and annihilates nearly the entire army, breathing fire on Van Zan's armored column and incinerating all but him alone. The male dragon follows their route back to the castle and destroys it. The castle inhabitants are however saved by hiding in an underground shelter that is designed to survive the intense heat, but Quinn's dear friend, Creedy, is killed, as he tries to go save more people in the castle. Creedy bravely slams the door to the basement shelter shut just as the male's fire fills the castle. The children are terrified and Quinn leads them all in their prayer to watch the skies. Defeated, Van Zan returns to the castle, rescuing Quinn and the surviving children from the castle's cellar. Quinn tells Van Zan that he will join them to hunt the male dragon in London. They use the helicopter to follow the coastline to the city, unnoticed, where they learn that the dragons are beginning to starve and are resorting to cannibalism. As they look over the ruins of the London skyline, the male suddenly appears and eats one of the females from the hundreds that are roosting in the city's towers. Denton's plan is to fire an explosive charge, placed on a crossbow, into the dragon's mouth during the brief moment it inhales, drawing air to produce fire. Van Zan will be the bait, stationing himself atop a tall smokestack. His one shot with a crossbow misses entering the dragons mouth. The dragon rushes Van Zan's position; Van Zan fanatically leaps from his perch, attacking the dragon with no more than his axe and is swallowed in mid-air. Quinn and Alex are able to lure the dragon to street level. The dragon hunts them, however it is magic hour when the dragon's vision is impaired. After recovering the dropped crossbow bolts, Quinn is able to fire one into the dragon's mouth where it explodes, killing the beast. About three months after the male dragon is slain, Quinn and Alex are seen erecting a radio tower and receive a transmission from another group of survivors in France. The dragons have been dying off quickly. Saying that he cannot speak the language well, Quinn gives the duty of answering the French survivors to Jared. 