nm0005233:

 Madea's Family Reunion (2006)Summaries While planning her family reunion, a pistol-packing grandma must contend with the other dramas on her plate, including the runaway who has been placed under her care, and her love-troubled nieces. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fastlane (20022003)Summaries Two hotshot undercover cops and their equally tough female handler take down the highest and lowest criminals in L.A. in this pop-culture-heavy, dark, flashy, over-the-top action crime dramedy inspired by Bad Boys and Miami Vice. Two mist-matched cops, the angry and bitter Van Ray, and the brash Deaqon Hayes, are forced to team up by a shady vixen police lieutenant, Billie Chambers, into going undercover in the seedy side of Los Angeles in using a variety of police confiscated flashy cars, clothes, weapons and other items, kept in a large secret warehouse called the Candy Store, in order to nail various low-lives and rich and powerful criminals. matt-282 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Felicity (19982002)Summaries A young fresh out of high school girl follows her high school crush to college to be near him. It all starts the moment shy, beautiful Felicity Porter asks Ben Covington to sign her high school yearbook. It's graduation day... he's gorgeous... and she's had a four-year crush on him. Even though the two have never spoken, what he writes is so insightful, so perfect, it persuades Felicity to change the course of her future. A future defined by medical school and the dreams of her parents. She surreptitiously follows Ben to UNY (the fictional University of New York) and is quickly swept into a romantic triangle that brings both discovery and heartache. Felicity moved to New York to find romance but ends up finding herself. Anonymous Felicity Porter's whole life has been dictated to her by her parents, who want her to follow in their footsteps as a doctor. Upon graduating from high school she changes all that. Her long-time crush Ben is going to college in New York, and so Felicity applies there too, and arrives to find Ben does not feel as strongly about her, but gets over it with the help of her new friends Noel, Jullie, and Elena. It is here that she will spend the next four years, going through the long, difficult, but ultimately rewarding journey toward adulthood. rmlohner It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Love... & Other 4 Letter Words (2007)Summaries In this warm-hearted romantic comedy, Stormy La Rue, a rising star T.V. Talk Show host in Philadelphia must dig her way out the hole she creates by telling an innocent white lie. Stormy's relentless aspirations of becoming the next talk show superstar are sidelined when her nana, the only person in the world who means more to her than her precious career, is diagnosed with a fatal illness. Stormy would do anything to please her Nana, even if it means lying to her on her deathbed! So when Nana's dying wish is to have her favorite granddaughter married, Stormy tries to pull off the biggest show of her life - faking her own wedding! Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 