nm0004815:

 Dexter's Laboratory (19962003)44) The misadventures of a boy genius and his annoying sister. Dexter is a Boy Genius Who has a secret lab in his room his Mom and Dad don't know about it, but his older sister Dee Dee Does and they go on wacky (yet Sci-fi) Capers hailey If you ever meet Dexter, you'd probably notice a few things about him: he speaks with an Eastern-European accent, wears a labcoat, and happens to be a boy-genius with an amazing laboratory in his bedroom! The show follows Dexter's adventures, in and out of the lab, as he copes with his crazy parents (who are completely oblivous to their son's high IQ and laboratory), fights with his sister DeeDee (who sees the lab as her own playground and never wants to leave), and battles his arch-nemesis Mandark (who also possess an impressive laboratory). Lex While most children his age would rather be outside playing than at school, Dexter is secretly busy in his own highly advanced laboratory working on his latest scientific invention. His parents don't know what he's up to in his room all the time, but his older sister Dee Dee likes to sneak her way in and push Dexter's buttonsm - literally and metaphorically. J-pm It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Babe (1995)541) Babe, a pig raised by sheepdogs on a rural English farm, learns to herd sheep with a little help from Farmer Hoggett. Gentle farmer Arthur Hoggett wins a piglet named Babe at a county fair. Narrowly escaping his fate as Christmas dinner when Farmer Hoggett decides to show him at the next fair, Babe bonds with motherly border collie Fly and discovers that he can herd sheep too. But will the other farm animals, including Fly's jealous husband, Rex, accept a pig who doesn't conform to the farm's social hierarchy? Jwelch5742 Farmer Hoggett wins a runt piglet at a local fair and Babe, as the piglet decides to call himself, befriends and learns about all the other animals on the farm. He becomes special friends with Fly, one of the sheep dogs. With her help and Farmer Hoggett's intuition, Babe embarks on a career in sheepherding with some surprising and spectacular results. Kathy Li Babe is a little pig who doesn't quite know his place in the world. With a bunch of odd friends, like Ferdinand the duck who thinks he is a rooster and Fly, the sheep dog he calls Mom, he realizes that he has the makings to become the greatest sheep pig of all time, and Farmer Hoggett knows it. With Fly's help he learns that a pig can be anything that he wants to be. Eric Hines <Hedgehog@netrix.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Babe, an orphaned piglet, is chosen for a "guess the weight" contest at a county fair. The winning farmer, Arthur Hoggett, brings him home and allows him to stay with a Border Collie named Fly, her mate Rex and their puppies, in the barn. A duck named Ferdinand, who crows as roosters are said to every morning to wake people so he will be considered useful and be spared from being eaten, persuades Babe to help him destroy the alarm clock that threatens his mission. Despite succeeding in this, they wake Duchess, the Hoggetts' cat, and in the confusion accidentally destroy the living room. At the barn meeting, Rex sternly instructs Babe to stay away from Ferdinand (now a fugitive) and the house. Sometime later, when Fly's puppies are put up for sale, Babe asks if he can call her "Mom". Christmas brings a visit from the Hoggetts' relatives. Babe is almost chosen for Christmas dinner but a duck is picked instead after Hoggett remarks to his wife Esme that Babe may bring a prize for ham at the next county fair. On Christmas Day, Babe justifies his existence by alerting Hoggett to sheep rustlers stealing sheep from one of the fields. The next day, Hoggett sees Babe sort the hens, separating the brown from the white ones. Impressed, he takes him to the fields and allows him to try and herd the sheep. Encouraged by an elder ewe named Maa, the sheep cooperate, but Rex sees Babe's actions as an insult to sheepdogs and confronts Fly in a vicious fight for encouraging Babe. He injures her leg and accidentally bites Hoggett's hand when he tries to intervene. Rex is then chained to the dog house, muzzled and sedated, leaving the sheep-herding job to Babe. One morning, Babe is awakened by the sheep's cries and finds three dogs attacking them. Although he manages to scare them off, Maa is mortally injured and dies as a result. Hoggett arrives and, thinking that Babe killed her, prepares to shoot him. Fly is so anxious to find out whether he is guilty or innocent that, instead of barking orders at the sheep, she talks to them to find out what happened. Learning the truth, she barks to distract Hoggett, delaying him until Esme mentions that the police say feral dogs have been killing sheep on neighboring farms and asks him why he has taken his shotgun out. When Esme leaves on a trip, Hoggett signs Babe up for a local sheep-herding competition. As it is raining the night before, Hoggett lets him and Fly into the house. However, Duchess scratches him when he tries to speak to her, so Hoggett immediately confines her outside. When she is let back in later, she gets revenge on Babe by revealing that humans eat pigs. Horrified, he runs out to the barn and learns from Fly that this is true. The next morning, Fly discovers that Babe has run away. She and Rex alert Hoggett and they all search for him. Rex finds him in a cemetery and Hoggett brings him home. However, he is still demoralized and refuses to eat. Hoggett gives him a drink from a baby bottle, sings to him "If I Had Words" and dances a jig for him. This restores Babe's faith in Hoggett's affection and he begins eating again. At the competition, Babe meets the sheep that he will be herding, but they ignore his attempts to speak to them. As Hoggett is criticized by the bemused judges and ridiculed by the public for using a pig instead of a dog, Rex runs back to the farm to ask the sheep what to do. They give him a secret password, first extracting a promise that he will treat them better from now on. He returns in time to convey the password to Babe, and the sheep now follow his instructions flawlessly. Amid the crowd's acclamation, he is unanimously given the highest score. While he sits down next to the farmer, Hoggett praises him with the standard command to sheep dogs that their job is done, "That'll do, Pig. That'll do." 
 Jerry Maguire (1996)431) When a sports agent has a moral epiphany and is fired for expressing it, he decides to put his new philosophy to the test as an independent agent with the only athlete who stays with him and his former colleague. Jerry Maguire (Tom Cruise) is a successful sports agent. The biggest clients, the respect, a beautiful fiance, he has it all. Until one night he questions his purpose. His place in the world, and finally comes to terms with what's wrong with his career and life. Recording all of his thoughts in a mission statement, Jerry feels he has a new lease on life. Unfortunately his opinions aren't met with enthusiasm from his superiors and after dishonorably being stripped of his high earning clients and elite status within the agency, Jerry steps out into the sports business armed with only one volatile client, Rod Tidwell (Cuba Gooding, Jr.), and the only person with belief in his abilities, Dorothy Boyd (Rene Zellweger), with the impossible task of rebuilding what he once had. Along the way, he faces the harsh truth which he'd ignored in the past and a host of hardships that he'd never faced before. Hax_9 Jerry Maguire (Tom Cruise) used to be a typical sports agent: willing to do just about anything he could to get the biggest possible contracts for his clients, plus a nice commission for himself. Then, one day, he suddenly has second thoughts about what he's really doing. When he voices these doubts, he ends up losing his job and all of his clients, except for Rod Tidwell (Cuba Gooding, Jr.), an egomaniacal football player. Can Jerry resurrect his career while still staying true to himself? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jerry Maguire is a busy sports agent for a very large sports agency. After one of his clients is injured, the client's child insults Jerry for not having his dad's best interest in mind. A short time later at his company's annual conference and while dwelling on that insult during a feverish night, he experiences an epiphany of what he thinks it should mean to represent someone. Feeling inspired, Jerry writes it all down as a mission statement and has it distributed to everyone in attendance, including ideas such as "fewer clients, less money." Returning from the conference he has a chance encounter with an accountant named Dorothy from his firm who tells him she was inspired by his memo. A week later he is fired from the company by his protege, Bob Sugar. After spending the rest of the afternoon contacting his clients and trying to maintain a client list, Jerry is left with only one client, a very outspoken, obnoxious wide receiver, Rod Tidwell, who only wants Jerry to "Show Him the Money." As he's leaving he walks thru the main company work area and invites anyone who wants to be part of something great to join him. At first no one speaks then finally Dorothy jumps up and walks out with Jerry. In an effort to rebuild a large client base, Jerry's fiancee Avery convinces him to go see the college football phenom Cushman at his home in Texas and that getting Cush will help him attract other clients. When he arrives Cushman's dad tells Jerry that since he showed up they will let Jerry be his agent for the upcoming NFL draft but refuses to sign a contract at that time, saying "my word is stronger than oak." Later at the NFL draft Jerry focuses almost all of his attention on parading Cush around which leave Rod feeling neglected. Jerry finally makes time to parade Rod around the gathering of owners and coaches, spending an hour or so introducing him and talking Rod up to them all. Jerry then goes back to Cushman's room where he inadvertently intercepts a call from Bob Sugar to Cush, discovering then that Cushman's dad had signed a contract with Bob "while you were out with that black fella." Avery is viciously berating Jerry for failing to get a signed contract when he was in Texas when Jerry realizes he doesn't want to marry her so he breaks off the engagement. Later that night Jerry is drunk and invites himself over to Dorothy's house, over the objections of her sister Lauren. Jerry proceeds to make a pass at Dorothy which she gently rebuffs due to his inebriated state. He is embarrassed and leaves after assuring her that their new company will be fine when they get Rod's new contract from Arizona, his current team. A few days later after returning from Arizona where he was unsuccessful at getting Rod a new contract, Jerry invites Dorothy out to dinner after which they impulsively decide to spend the night together. The next day the offer from Arizona is insultingly low so Rod opts to play out the final year of his current contract and be a free agent next year. Dorothy tells Jerry she is going to take an accounting job in San Diego which will require her to move. Jerry, who is not good at being alone, impulsively proposes to her just as she is preparing to leave so that she will stay. They get married but as a group of family and friends, including Rod, watch the wedding video later it is clear that Jerry is not excited, just stressed out. The story moves quickly along to the next football season during which we see Jerry on the road at all Rod's games, as opposed to being at home with Dorothy. Over the course of the season we see Jerry and Rod develop a close friendship. As Jerry and Dorothy spend time with Rod and his wife Marcy, Dorothy admiringly observes the depth of commitment Rod and Marcy show to one another. The night before Jerry is leaving for a Monday Night Football game, Dorothy confronts Jerry with the idea that his proposal several months ago was more of an idea than an actual proposal and their marriage was a mistake. When Jerry tells her that he doesn't give up, that "he sticks", she tells him that she doesn't want someone just to stick, she wants someone that loves her. At the MNF game the sportscasters indicate that Rod has had a great year and is one of the prime reasons that Arizona is in contention for a playoff spot if they win this game. Rod has a great night with multiple impressive, tough catches including the game winner. Jerry and Rod share a jubilant emotional moment after the game after which Jerry rushes home to Dorothy. He walks in to the house during the middle of Lauren's divorced women's support group meeting and makes a plea in front of all of them for Dorothy's love. He declares his overwhelming love for her and she readily accepts him back. Some time later during a TV interview with Rod, it is revealed that Rod gets a very generous offer from Arizona, allowing him to finish his career there which is something he wanted. In the final scene Jerry and Dorothy are walking her 8 yr old son along a path next to a baseball diamond when a ball lands at the boys feet. He throws it impressively far to get it back onto the field, prompting a discussion between Dorothy and Jerry about grooming him for a career "to foster his natural talent" according to Jerry. 
 Dexter's Laboratory: Ego Trip (1999 TV Movie)Summaries After Dexter is confronted with robots who wish to "destroy the one who saved the future," he uses his time machine to see how he saved it. After Dexter is confronted with robots who wish to "destroy the one who saved the future," he uses his time machine to see how he saved it. They declare that they are here to destroy the one who saved the future, and make ready to attack Dexter. Dexter easily destroys them with the use of various tools and gadgets from his lab. However, news that he is "The One Who Saved the Future" intrigues him, and he decides to travel through time to discover how cool he is. In the first time period he visits, Dexter finds a tall, skinny, weak version of himself working in office-designing cubicles, with Mandark as his rich, successful boss. The child Dexter unwittingly reveals the existence of blueprints regarding the "Neurotomic Protocore", and Mandark steals it after the two Dexters move forward in time. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 