nm0004112:

 Faust (2000)321) A man sells his soul to the devil in order to gain superpowers and avenge the brutal death of his girlfriend. When he realizes that the price is the soul of his new love interest, he turns on the devil. An artist, John Jaspers sells his soul to the mysterious "M" in order to get revenge on the people who killed his girlfriend. Soon, he realizes everything has a price, and he is transformed into a horned demon with a passion for killing. He learns that M plans to release the Homunculus, a giant Lizard-like monster onto the earth, opening the gate to hell. Now, Jaspers must stop M before he can let the apocalypse begin... willyt Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. John Jaspers (Mark Frost - Blue Juice) is just a regular joe, whose life is changed forever by witnessing the sadistic torture and murder of his girlfriend. Mad with grief and vowing revenge, he meets an enigmatic cult leader named M (Andrew Divoff - Wishmaster) who offers him all the power he needs to get payback. The Price? His immortal soul. Reborn as the demon FAUST, Jaspers is soon on his vengeance trail. But his hellish alter ego is totally out of control. All it wants to do is kill and it's not satisfied by a few criminals. As the bodies mount up, Jaspers finds himself pursued on two sides, by determined cop Margolies (Jeffrey Combs - Reanimator, The Frighteners) and M, who has his own sinister plans for the demonic avenger. And so the stage is set for the ultimate battle between good and evil. 
 Echo Beach (2008)Summaries The lives of former lovers Daniel and Susan are complicated by teen angst, family loyalties and tested friendships. The quiet life in a Cornish beach resort is disturbed since the arrival of 'newcomers'. Actually they're also relatives of leading businessman Mark Penwarden, who has an old, deep grudge against his brother Daniel, who returned years after a tragic boat incident to open a surf shop. Their children engage in mateship, romantic friendships and rivalry with each-other and a few other locals, further complicating the fraternal households 'entanglement. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Poldark (20152019)Summaries Ross Poldark returns home after American Revolutionary War and rebuilds his life with a new business venture, making new enemies and finding a new love where he least expects it. Ross Poldark returns to England after fighting in the American Revolution. His family and friends thought he was dead. The woman he hoped to marry is now engaged to his cousin. His father is dead, and the property he has inherited has been allowed to deteriorate. It is the late 1700s in Cornwall, England. This is a family drama, but is also about the challenges and conflicts between the rich and the poor. It is a time when fishermen are not catching much fish, tin and copper mines are closing down because prices are too low, but the price of food and rents are high. Ross faces the challenge of making his land productive, caring for the tenants who rely on him, and trying to win back the woman he loved - or finding a reason to live without her. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mayhem (2017)541) A virus spreads through an office complex causing white collar workers to act out their worst impulses. Mayhem tells the story of a virus that infects a corporate law office on the day attorney Derek Cho (Yeun) is framed by a co-worker and wrongfully fired. The infection is capable of making people act out their wildest impulses. Trapped in the quarantined building, our hero is forced to savagely fight tooth and nail for not only his job but his life. abothin When a corporate law office is quarantined after a dangerous virus that makes the infected lose their inhibitions is discovered, a recently fired employee and a wronged client must battle their way to the executive level before time runs out. Circle of Confusion Derek Cho (Steven Yeun) is having a really bad day. After being unjustly fired from his job, he discovers that the law firm's building is under quarantine for a mysterious and dangerous virus. Chaos erupts throughout the office as the victims of the disease begin acting out their wildest impulses. Joining forces with a former client (Samara Weaving) who has a grudge of her own, Derek savagely fights tooth and nail to get to the executives on the top floor and settle the score once and for all. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Derek Cho (Steven Yeun) tells the audience about the ID-7 virus, or "Red Eye" virus, that has been spreading throughout the world. It infects neural pathways, removing all inhibition and moral integrity, and in turn, causing people to act out their darkest impulses. While the virus is not lethal, those infected by the virus may find themselves driven to kill. The first known case of murder driven by ID-7 was committed by Nevil Reed, who stabbed a co-worker, but was not deemed liable due to the influence of the virus. Derek, a lawyer at Towers and Smythe Consulting, works for the firm that handled Reed's case; he began his job full of optimism, but ended up back-stabbing, cheating, and finding loophole after loophole in order to work his way up the corporate ladder and get a corner office. One morning, Derek goes into work to find that his favorite mug is missing, and meets with a furious client Melanie Cross (Samara Weaving) who needs more time on a loan, but thinks he's unable to help her. After discovering that a bungled legal case for massive company Vandacorp has been pinned on him by his superior Cara (Caroline Chikezie), who is called "The Siren" (as she always has the boss's ear), Derek confronts her and finds that she has taken his mug. They go up to their boss John Towers' (Steven Brand) office to plead their cases, but Cara wins the boss over and has Derek laid off. Derek's friend Ewan (Mark Frost) is unable to help him, and he is given official notice of his firing by his co-worker, who is known only as "The Reaper" (Dallas Roberts). Derek takes his things and is escorted downstairs by company security, dejected and afraid of being disbarred. When Derek reaches the ground floor, he and the security guards find that the building is under quarantine; the ID-7 virus has been detected in the ventilation system. CDC agents have released a neutralizing agent into the building, estimating that it will take eight hours for the virus to be obliterated. Derek, realizing he's infected by the virus and will not be liable for anything he does, attacks the security guards and storms into the elevator, intending to get upstairs and kill his boss; however, he's sent down to the basement and beaten up by Towers' enforcer, "The Bull" (Andr Eriksen). The Bull kills Ewan by mistake, infuriating Derek further. Derek is thrown into an empty office with Melanie, who is also infected. After Derek manages to get a phone call out to Vandacorp and ensure his innocence in the mis-handled case, the two decide to work together, break out of the basement, and kill the people on the top floor responsible for their respective bad situations. They first go up to The Reaper and kill two security guards to get to him, witnessing general mayhem along the way. The Reaper gives them his key card, but attacks Melanie, who kills him with a power saw. Derek and Melanie use the key card to get up to The Siren's office and take down an army of co-workers defending her. The Siren asks her long-suffering assistant Meg (Claire Dellamar) to get the key card for her, but Meg has destroyed it in a microwave, having been offered a promotion from upstairs to betray The Siren. Her work done, Meg kills The Siren with a pair of scissors, and Derek and Melanie go down to the IT department to come up with another plan to get up to the top floor. Derek and Melanie convince the company's one IT worker to hack their other boss Irene Smythe's computer to get her to come down; Smythe is the one who denied Melanie the extension on her loan. Smythe agrees to give Derek her key card in exchange for Melanie. Derek agrees and restrains Melanie, but undoes the bolts on the chair Melanie is fastened to, allowing her to kill Irene and escape. On the top floor, Towers offers Derek a full partnership if he gives up his revenge mission. Derek refuses and fights his boss; the company's board of directors give him permission to kill Towers, and Derek shoves him over a railing, sending him falling from the penthouse to the ground and his death just as the quarantine is lifted and the virus is eradicated. In the final scenes, Derek takes a higher position in the firm for just long enough to sign off on the extension on Melanie's loan, then quits the company and takes up painting with Melanie. He advises the audience to take control of their own lives before it's too late, accompanied by a shot of Towers' body hitting the ground with a splat. 