nm0005451:

 Passions (19992008)Summaries In the world of power and money, the wealthy and powerful Crane family rule the town of Harmony from their mansion on Raven Hill. In the world of power and money, the wealthy and powerful Crane family rule the town of Harmony from their mansion on Raven Hill. But behind the money are many lies and secrets. Most of what the Cranes do affects the other core families: the working class Bennets, the Russells, and the Lopez-Fitzgeralds. The wealthy Hotchkiss family cause's a lot of problems in Harmony. They are heavily involved with the much wealthier Crane family. And everyone must watch out for Tabitha Lenox, who is thought to be the crazy neighbor of the Bennets, but is actually a 300 year old witch who plays god with all of their lives. The powerful Crane family, headed in Harmony by the slow-witted Julian, who's really just a puppet of his faceless father Alistair, attempts to control all of the goings-on in the town. Julian recently found that Alistair's heir, Ethan, is not his son, but police chief Sam Bennett's. The secret's revelation was manipulated by Julian's new love, Rebecca Hotchkiss, who's plotting to get her daughter, Gwen, back together with Ethan. Ethan is engaged to the beautiful Theresa Lopez-Fitzgerald, who was a virgin until, she and Ethan made love just past midnight on their wedding day. Theresa's brother, Luis, is engaged to Sheridan Crane, and Alistair plotted to have Julian kill Sheridan with a poisoned wedding ring to prevent her marriage to Luis. If Luis gains access to the Crane estate, he might just solve the mystery of his father, Martin Fitzgerald's, long ago disappearance. Eve Russel, the town doctor, had an affair with Julian before she met her husband T.C. The relationship produced a son, who she thought had died, but who may or may not be Chad Harris - an orphan who came to town looking for his parents, and fell in love with Eve's daughter, Whitney. Eve's other daughter, Simone, also loves Chad - which has created a rather interesting love triangle, since Whitney recently promised a near-dead Simone that if she would come back, Whitney would never see Chad again. Tabitha Lennox, as it turns out, is rather inconsequential thus far, but she provides plenty of comic relief. stephanie boone It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Star Trek: The Next Generation (19871994)Summaries Set almost 100 years after Captain Kirk's five-year mission, a new generation of Starfleet officers set off in the U.S.S. Enterprise-D on their own mission to go where no one has gone before. Set in the twenty-fourth century and seven to eight decades after the adventures of the original crew of the starship Enterprise, this new series is the long-awaited successor to Star Trek (1966) . Under the command of Captain Jean-Luc Picard, the all new Enterprise NCC 1701-D travels out to distant planets to seek out new life and to boldly go where no one has gone before. Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Young and the Restless (1973 )Summaries Set in Genoa City, this is the long-running soap that tells the story of the struggle behind the business, and sex-savvy Abbott and Newman clans. Set in Genoa City, Wisconsin, this soap opera focuses on the saga between two wealthy families in the cosmetics industry: the Newmans and the Abbotts. Head the Newman clan is Victor Newman, the arrogant, cavorting billionaire and his wife Nikki. Running the Abbott show is Jack Abbott, the irresponsible playboy and CEO, and his sister Ashley. Most of the show is centered on the competition between the two companies: Newman Enterprises and Jabot. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 JAG (19952005)44) The cases of Harmon Rabb, former Navy fighter pilot, and his fellow lawyers of the U.S. Navy's Judge Advocate General's office. JAG is an adventure drama about an elite wing of officers trained as lawyers who investigate, prosecute and defend those accused of crimes in the military. Navy Cmdr. Harmon "Harm" Rabb, an ace pilot turned lawyer, and Marine Lt. Col. Sarah "Mac" MacKenzie, a beautiful by-the-book officer, are colleagues who hold the same high standards but find themselves clashing when they choose different routes to get to the same place. The unmistakable chemistry between them must be held at bay for professional reasons as they traverse the globe together with a single mission: to search for and discover the truth. Helping them with their mission is Navy Lt. Cmdr. Bud Roberts, a lawyer who proved his grit and determination when, after losing a leg in a land mine field while on a mission, fought back and became even better at his job. Commander Harmon Rabb, Jr. and Lieutenant Colonel Sarah MacKenzie are JAG lawyers, who together investigate and litigate crimes committed by Navy and Marine personnel. Occasionally, they engage in adventurous activities in order to solve their cases. With Rabb's fighter pilot background, and MacKenzie's good looks, they are a hot team both in and out of the courtroom. Brian Michael <ford1989@hotmail.com> Lt. Harmon Rabb is a JAG lawyer and is accompanied by Lt. Sarah MacKenzie. Together, they solve cases and problems of various kinds. From a psycho who wanted to bomb a cruise ship from a submarine to taking a risky mission of recon photos. Rabb used to be a fighter pilot until he and his co-pilot were in an accident. From then, he became a JAG. Every week he and Lt. MacKenzie have a new case to solve. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 