nm0003227:

 La mantilla de Beatriz (1946)Summaries In XVII century Portugal two friends change identities so one of them can escape an unwanted marriage to Beatriz. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El Condor (1970)Summaries The El Condor, the fabled Mexican stronghold rumoured to contain Emperor Maximilian's mythical reserves in gold, will attract two adventurous fortune seekers, who with eyes gleaming with desire, will shortly know that only fools rush in. Luke, an escaped convict, and Jaroo, a loner gold prospector, team up with a band of Apache Indians in 19th century Mexico to capture a large, heavily armed fortress for the millions -- or billions -- of dollars in gold that are rumored to be stored within. Brian C. Madsen <bcmmovies@earthlink.net> On the premises of a hard labour prison camp, shackled prisoner Luke hears for the first time about the El Condor, the fabled Mexican stronghold in the middle of the desert, rumoured to contain Emperor Maximilian's mythical reserves in gold. Soon, Luke with eyes gleaming with desire, after escaping the camp, will partner up with the opportunistic, Apache-talking gold digger Jaroo with the intention to get his hands on the immense fortune, ignoring the fact that the impregnable fortress is guarded by General Chavez's loyal and virtually indestructible army. Under those circumstances, the two adventurous fortune seekers with the help of Jaroo's one hundred battle-seasoned Apaches will shortly need to devise a plan to infiltrate the fort, nevertheless, it is wise to know that only fools rush in. Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Secuestro en la ciudad (1965)Summaries A girl, the daughter of a wealthy businessman, is kidnapped by a man and taken to a country house to await the collection of the ransom. But several unforeseen events complicate the kidnapper's plans. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kill and Be Killed (1962)Summaries A former singer's nephew and personal attendant plan to poison her. A former singer lives alone with her fortune - and with her nephew, Fernando, a low character to whom she refuses to lend more money. Elisa leaves prison and starts a new life as a personal attendant to the aging singer, using her knowledge as a former nurse - a profession she can not return to. Fernando meets Elisa, and together they plan to poison the lonely woman, and use her money abroad. They plan their alibis well. But those who kill by the sword will perish by the sword. Artemis-9 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 