nm0003805:

 Members Only, No. 9: Wendy's Erotic Dreams (1996 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Reflections (1998)Summaries What happens when you die? Do you have time to re-live your past life, to see what has gone by or what might have been? This is the issue which "Reflections" presents as a thriller... Richard Rankin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Early Frost (1982)Summaries A divorce investigation leads to the discovery of a corpse. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fantasy (1992)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A dark romantic thriller exploring the twin worlds of dependence and possession When leading psychiatrist and man about town Dr Thomas Bowman started to treat the beautiful but disturbed Catherine, he crossed the line between professional detachment and personal interest. Although the Dr has crossed this line in the past, he soon discovers that this time he is embarking on a course of action that he will come to regret Under the label of a 'humanistic" therapy, the Dr promises 'quick' results as he guide Catherine through a series of incidents supposedly designed to confront aspects of her repressed sexuality. Unbeknown to Catherine, these incidents are in fact orchestrated by the Dr, the controlled outcome designed to make Catherine more isolated and dependant on him. Matters start to go dangerously wrong when Catherine discovers the deception and threatens the Dr with exposure. In a classic about face the Dr finds that Catherine has now gained control of her circumstances, and in doing so, controls his fate and future. What will she do next?............... is she totally hell bent on revenge or does she have other plans for Dr Thomas Bowman! 