nm0003129:

 Tio's Game (2003)Summaries A young man trades his hopes and dreams to save his brother from a life of drug-dealing and gang activity. Christian is a struggling college student trying to raise his teenage brother Martin in a gang- and drug-infested neighborhood. His uncle is a main player in Chicago's underworld, who tries to help his nephews any way he can. Torn between his family loyalty and his own moral code, Christian's attempts to balance his life become more complex as outside influences become more prevalent. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 This Keeps Happening (2009)Summaries Colin has locked himself in his apartment with one goal in mind: to die. As time slowly progresses Colin begins to lose his grip on reality. As he is guided through flashbacks of his childhood and his adult life leading up to this suicidal journey, we learn of the obsession and guilt that drove him to the edge. Anonymous Colin has locked himself in his apartment with one goal in mind: to die. He has cleared out his room and brought with him 3 packs of cigarettes and just enough pills to kill him in days. Intent on this course of self-punishment, Colin deprives himself of any comfort in his final days. As time slowly progresses Colin begins to lose his grip on reality, He starts to imagine conversations with another version of himself and dark secrets from his past begin to emerge. As Colin is guided through flashbacks of his childhood and his adult life leading up to his suicidal journey, we learn of the obsession and guilt that drove him to the edge. Drew Angle It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Love. Blood. Kryptonite. (2008)Summaries Teenager Jimmy Donovan struggles to survive in a household with a drug-addicted mother and a six-year-old sister, Angie, by selling marijuana in a diverse, suburban neighborhood. After his mother is hospitalized, Jimmy makes the difficult decision to begin pushing heroin in order to make the tuition payments for Angie, which will keep her in a safer, private school. This new business venture sparks some problems and sends Jimmy and his friends into a spiral of bad events. His struggle to stay afloat is filled with numerous problems, all of which surround his world in what he calls "kryptonite." Producer It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Two O'Clock (2009)Summaries Edwick awakens bloody on the bathroom floor. He gets up and heads down his hallway. An alarm rings and he is chased by something unknown. As he slips in and out of consciousness we discover the truth behind his trauma and obsession. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 