nm0006770:

 Chettaniki Kallu Levu (1981)Summaries As a young boy, Chiranjeevi sees the murder of his father and sister, but the killers are released because of lack of evidence. This enrages him and he is out to seek revenge in a way not to upset his sister (Lakshmi) who is a police officer out to indict those killers. In his attempt he gets help from some of the victims of the same killers who are well placed in the society. Chiranjeevi uses methods so as not to leave any evidence for the police to indict him in these killings. parthu3 23 years ago Gopinath was killed by three assailants, his daughter was sexually molested and also killed. The rest of his family, including his wife, daughter (Durga) and son (Vijay), watched helplessly. Now Durga is a police inspector and is determined to bring the killers to justice. However she finds her efforts and investigations hampered by her rowdy and trouble-maker brother, Vijay, who is also frequenting an alleged prostitute by the name of Rekha. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ganesh (1998)Summaries Ganesh (Venkatesh) loses his father, sister and his friend who is also a journalist, due to the corrupt politicians. He takes revenge on the corrupt system. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gudachari No.1 (1983)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gharana Mogudu (1992)Summaries An arrogant daughter of a rich industrialist decides to marry their factory employee in order to teach him a lesson. But things changes a lot after their marriage. Raju (Chiranjeevi) is a do-gooder who helps his co-workers in a Vishakhapatnam shipyard, but when his mother suffers a paralytic stroke, he moves back to Hyderabad and looks for a job. Uma Devi (Nagma) daughter of industrialist Bapineedu (Raogopal Rao) takes over the business from her father and helps it to reach new heights which also sees her head-strong ways reach new heights. In this scenario, she not only rejects Ranganayakulu's (Kaikala Satyanarayana) son's marriage proposal but insults them when the father-son duo show up at her house. To get their revenge, they send goons to kill Uma Devi. As fate would have it, Bapineedu shows up in the car instead of Uma Devi and is rescued by Raju who asks him for a job which Bapineedu readily agrees to. Raju wins over the employees in no time and takes on the high-handedness of Uma Devi and her management. This leads to constant conflict and Uma Devi decides to marry Raju so that he will not interfere anymore. To this end she emotionally blackmails Raju's mother and eventually makes Raju agree to marry her. But Raju continues to trouble her even after marriage. Uma Devi's secretary, Bhavani (Vani Viswanath), is also a friend of Raju which leads to jealousy. In the meantime, Ranganayakulu, with the help of Uma Devi's manager Sarangapani (Ahuti Prasad) schemes against Uma Devi to sabotage her factory. The rest of film deals with how Raju thwarts the schemes of Ranganayakulu and teaches Uma Devi to be humble. Narsimha Raju It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 