nm0009525:

 Holiday Island (1957)Summaries Intersecting lives on an island holiday: A lawyer anxious he caused a youth's death.An engineer suspecting his wife after being teased by pranksters.A young man falling for a nurse.A Frenchman seeing his wife wooed by a local. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow (1963)44) Stories about three very different women and the men they attract. Three different stories of Italian social mores are presented. In "Adelina", unemployed Carmine Sbaratti and his wife Adelina Sbaratti survive through Adelina selling black market cigarettes on the street. They are unable to pay for the furniture they bought (which is under Adelina's name), but are able to avoid the bailiff when he comes for the money or to repossess. They come up with a longer term solution to avoid Adelina being prosecuted for non-payment, but that solution has a profound effect on the family, especially Carmine. In "Anna", Anna Molteni, the spoiled wife of a successful businessman, and an artist named Renzo are on the cusp of an affair. Anna is feeling neglected in the marriage, as her husband seems more concerned about success and money than her. But a car accident shows both Anna and Renzo if an affair with each other is really what they want. In "Mara", Mara is a prostitute who works out of her apartment. She befriends Umberto, a young man visiting his grandparents who live in the adjacent apartment, the balconies of the two apartments which are adjoined. Umberto, a seminary student, seems to be attracted to Mara as a woman without really knowing what she does. Umberto's grandmother, who knows what Mara does, believes Umberto's seeming romantic infatuation with Mara will be his downfall. As Mara and Umberto's grandmother ultimately join forces to get Umberto to do the right thing in life, Augusto Rusconi, one of Mara's regular clients who is in town from Bologna, does whatever he can to get Umberto's family issues out of the way so that he can get on with his own wants with Mara. Huggo Episode 1. In Naples the street trader Adelina is sentenced to prison for selling bootleg cigarettes. The lawyer Verace tells her husband Carmine that according to the law a woman cannot be put in prison when she is pregnant and six months after the delivery. Adelina and Carmine start procreating one child after another to avoid imprisonment, but after the 7th child is born, Carmine is burned out and cannot make love anymore. Episode 2. In Milan the wealthy but bored Anna picks up her poor lover Renzo in her Rolls-Royce. She cajoles him to drive the car. Suddenly a boy is standing in the road. Renzo is forced to swerve, and crashes the car into a tractor. Anna gets furious, and goes away with a passing car. Episode 3. In Rome the high-end prostitute Mara captures the attention of the young priest candidate Umberto, when he watches her from his grandparents' roof terrace just beside her. He becomes infatuated by her, and decides to leave the seminary. Umberto's grandmother is inconsolable. Mara takes a holy oath not to have sex for one week, and implores Saint Maurillo to help Umberto return to his calling. Her hot lover Augosto is very discomforted by the whole mess. Maths Jesperson {maths.jesperson1@comhem.se} Stories about three very different women and the men they attract. Adelina sells black-market cigarettes in Naples, is married to the unemployed Carmine, and faces a jail sentence. She can avoid it as long as she's pregnant. Several years and seven children later, Carmine is exhausted, so jail looks inescapable as does her contempt for Carmine. In Milan, Anna drives a Rolls, is bored, and picks up a writer. She talks dreamily of running off with him until he dents her car; that gets her emotional attention. Mara, a Roman call girl, turns the head of a naive seminarian, prompting a run-in with his granny and a vow of abstinence. Mara's fizzy lover from Bologna grows impatient. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Marriage Italian Style (1964)66) The rich man Domenico and Filumena, a penniless prostitute, share great part of their lives in the immediate post WWII Italy. Domenico, a successfull businessman, with an eye for the girls, begins an affair with Filumena when she is 17 years old. She becomes a prostitute, but also becomes the mistress of Domenico. He eventually sets her up in an apartment, and she works for him in his various businesses. She secretly bears three children, who are raised by nannys. Domenico starts planning to marry a young employee. Filumena tricks him into marriage by pretending to be dying. Domenico annuls the marriage. Filumena then tells him of the three children. She says that one of the children belongs to Domenico, but will not say which one is his. You start to believe that all of the children could be his, and Domenico then marries Filumena again, this time willingly. Steve Jordan <jordan@warwick.net> In Naples, in the Second World War, the wolf businessman Domenico Soriano meets the seventeen years old whore Filumena Marturano in a brothel during an allied bombing. Two years later, in the post-war, they meet each other by chance and begin a long affair. For twenty-two years, Filumena is his mistress and administrates his shops in Naples while Domenico is traveling. When Domenico decides to marry the young cashier of his bakery, Filumena lures him as if she were near to death and he marries her. Later he annuls their matrimony, and she tells him that she has three sons that she raised secretly, one of them is his illegitimate son but she does not disclose his identity. The middle-age Domenico uses the most different subterfuges trying to find which teenager might be his son. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In Naples, forty year old Filumena Marturano has been rushed home from the bakery where she works being deathly ill. When she requests not a doctor but a priest at this time, fifty year old multiple business owner Domenico Soriano - Dummi' in more familiar settings - who is looking over her, reflects on the twenty-two years they have known each other. Their initial meeting was during the war in a house of ill repute, she a naive and illiterate seventeen year old fresh from the country working there, he a customer, although not hers. It wouldn't be until two years later that they would run into each other again and begin this off and on relationship, in which he would always have the upper hand, manipulating her and the situation to his benefit which he knew he could do because of his relative economic standing compared to hers, and the fact that he knew that she has always been in love with him. The nature of their relationship was also as it was due to his frequent absences for work, often months at a time. This situation allowed him to have other women in his life at the same time. The story then shifts to an aspect of Filumena's life of which Dummi' has been unaware, namely her long term relationships with three men he doesn't know or know of: Umberto, a student, Riccardo, a glove salesman, and Michele, a mechanic, the three who in turn don't know each other. When Dummi' finds out about the existence of the three, he has to decide how it will affect his life and his thoughts of Filumena. Huggo The wealthy Domenico has had a long love affair with Filumena, who he's been happy to keep as a mistress but nothing more. The problem comes when she grows tired of being kept to the side and hatches a plan to become a bigger part of his life. yusufpiskin Domenico first meets Filumena in a Neapolitan brothel in the Second World War. After the war they become lovers on and off for 22 years. Domenico eventually rents an apartment for Filumena and even lets her run his shop. Finally Filumena asks Domenico to marry her on her deathbed, just before he had planned to marry his young cashier. Will Gilbert It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Gold of Naples (1954)Summaries A portrait of the people, the defects, and the peculiarities of Naples in six different vignettes. A tribute to Naples, where director De Sica spent his first years, this is a collection of 6 Neapolitan episodes: a clown exploited by a gangster; an inconstant pizza seller (Sofia) losing her husband's ring; the funeral of a child; the gambler Count Prospero B. defeated by a kid; the unexpected and unusual wedding of Teresa, a prostitute; the "professor" Ersilio Micci, a "wisdom seller". Yepok It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 