nm0005085:

 Son of the Mask (2005)44) Tim Avery, an aspiring cartoonist, finds himself in a predicament when his dog stumbles upon the mask of Loki. Then after conceiving an infant son "born of the mask", he discovers just how looney child raising can be. Tim Avery is a cartoonist who loves his dog Odis. Then one day Odis finds a strange green mask. Then Tim puts it on and has a baby with his wife with the mask on. The baby then gets ahold of powers of the mask. Meanwhile Loki (Alan Cumming) must find the mask before Odin gets mad A cartoonist named Tim Avery loves his dog, Otis, more than anything in the world. But when Tim and his wife have a baby, Otis starts to feel left out. But then Otis finds an enchanted mask and plots to be rid of the baby once and for all, but is unsuccessful. Meanwhile, up in Valhalla, Odin is infuriated at Loki for losing the mask and orders him to go get it... Josh f. Aspiring cartoonist Tim Avery is feeling inadequate about being a father when he finds that his newborn son has some amazing abilities - the baby has the powers of the Mask of Loki, a mythological object that transforms its user into a manic shape-shifter alter-ego. As bad as a baby with godlike powers might seem, the 'really' bad news is that Loki wants his mask back... austin4577@aol.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Malibu's Most Wanted (2003)Summaries A senator arranges for his son, a rich white kid who fancies himself black, to be kidnapped by a couple of black actors pretending to be murderers to try and shock him out of his plans to become a rapper. Brad Gluckman or "B-rad" acts like he is from the hood, when he is white and lives in a rich neighborhood in Malibu. He is ruining his fathers election for governor, and he and his crew come up with an idea, to send "B-rad" to the hood to turn him back into a white boy. This movie is filled with laughs and is a great comedy. Brad Gluckman (Kennedy) is a wannabe rap star from Malibu who acts and talks like he's from the "'hood." Concerned that his son is going to embarrass him during his campaign to become the governor of California, Brad's wealthy father and his campaign manager (Underwood), hire two trained actors (Diggs and Anderson) to disguise themselves as "real life gangstaz", and kidnap his son, dropping him off in the "real hood" in Compton, in an effort to scare the ghettofied attitude and behavior out of him. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Scream 2 (1997)651) Two years after the first series of murders, as Sidney acclimates to college life, someone donning the Ghostface costume begins a new string of killings. Two years after the events of Scream, Sidney Prescott and Randy are attending Windsor college. They are trying to get on with their lives...Until a new Ghostface killing spree begins. With the help of Dewey and Gale, Sidney must find out who's behind the murders. As the body count goes up, the list of suspects goes down. It has been two years since the tragic events at Woodsboro. Sidney Prescott and Randy Meeks are trying to get on with their lives, and are currently both students at Windsor College. Cotton Weary is out of prison, and is trying to cash in on his unfortunate incarceration. Gale Weathers has written a bestseller, "The Woodsboro Murders," which has been turned into the film, "Stab," starring Tori Spelling as Sidney. As the film's play date approaches, the cycle of death begins anew. Dewey Riley immediately flies out of Woodsboro to try to protect Sidney, his "surrogate sister." But in this sequel to the 1996 horror film, the number of suspects only goes down as the body count slowly goes up! Phil Fernando Two years after the terrifying events that occurred in Woodsboro, Sidney is now attending Windsor College in Cincinnati with long time friend Randy. Meanwhile, Gale Weathers best selling book on Sidney's life has now been made into a major motion picture. When two college students are killed in a theatre while watching the new film "Stab," Sidney knows deep down that history is for sure repeating itself again. Gale Weathers is present around the college reporting on the latest gruesome details that her movie has sparked. Dewey comes to visit Sidney after he hears the news also. No one believes the murders were in any way connected to Woodsboro, until more students around the campus are found dead. Gale and Dewey investigate and find that someone is trying to recreate Woodsboro. Sidney is no rookie when it comes to surviving a killer but someone wiser is on campus to show her some good old fashion revenge. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Sidney Prescott relocates to Winsdor College, trying to forget what happen in Woodsboro, only to find that another psychopathic killer wants her dead. They also make the Woodsboro events into a motion picture, "Stab", based on the Gale Weathers book. Joseph Elm <Riotplaya@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sidney Prescott and Randy Meeks (Jamie Kennedy) attend Windsor College in Ohio. While attending the preview of Stab, based on a book by Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) about the Woodsboro murders, Phil Stevens (Omar Epps) is stabbed through the wall of a bathroom cubicle. The killer sits next to Maureen Evans (Jada Pinkett), and she assumes the killer is her boyfriend wearing a mask. During the Casey Becker death scene the crowd goes wild. Taking advantage of this, the killer stabs Maureen. Since many of the movie-goers are wearing the killer's costume (as publicity material provided by the movie studio) and carrying fake knives, nobody takes Maureen's attack seriously. As the crowd realizes she's not faking, she dies. Sidney and other Woodsboro survivor Randy Meeks soon realize that a killer is on the loose again. Meanwhile, Deputy Dewey (David Arquette) arrives on the campus to once again protect Sidney, and she and Dewey have an unwelcome reunion with Gale Weathers. The killer attempts to stab Sidney while setting up a copycat ploy. Alone in her sorority house, Casey "Cici" Cooper (Sarah Michelle Gellar) is threatened over the phone before the killer attacks her. After the police discover the body, the students at the nearby martini mixer go to investigate, leaving Sidney and her boyfriend Derek at the Delta Lambda Zeta house. The killer attacks Sidney, but Derek helps her escape. At the police station, Gale and Dewey notice that the names of the victims seem to loosely match the victims from The Woodsboro Murders. The police chief assigns two detectives to protect Sidney. The group is outside amongst dozens of college students when the killer telephones and taunts them. Gale and Dewey search the students in the area who have cell phones, trying to discover the killer. Randy is also looking around while talking to the killer on the phone, hoping to stall them. While he is outside a van, Randy is pulled inside and killed. His body is discovered by Gale and Dewey. Gale and Dewey visit a lecture room to watch the video footage they have been taking, to perhaps gain a glimpse of the killer. Gale then notices another TV screen playing footage that her cameraman had not taken. The perspective of the video is that of the Killer; showing clips of Cici in the porch and Randy in the park. Finally, it shows the backs of Dewey and Gale as they watch the video. They turn around and notice Ghostface in the projector room and Dewey gives chase. Gale is then cornered in the sound-system room, but manages to hide in the recording compartment. Dewey enters and attempts to get Gale's attention through the soundproof glass, however he is stabbed a couple of times and Gale notices in horror as he slides down the glass, with Ghostface standing behind him. Gale then manages to bar the door from the killer with a fallen shelf and the killer disappears. The detectives protecting Sidney are attacked while their vehicle is stopped at a traffic light. The killer crashes the car, killing the detectives and knocking the killer unconscious. Sidney and her roommate, Hallie, narrowly escape the wreckage of the car by squeezing past the unconscious killer in the front seat. Sidney decides to remove the killer's mask, but finds the killer gone. She turns around only to see Hallie being stabbed. Sidney runs to the school theater and is confronted by the killer. The killer reveals himself to be Mickey, her new boyfriend's best friend. Sidney finds Derek tied to a stage prop, and Mickey shoots Derek in the chest. Mickey also has a partner: Sidney turns around to see Gale coming out of the stage door, leading her to believe that Gale is the killer. Gale shakes her head "no" and Debbie Salt comes out, holding the other cop's gun. Sidney recognizes her as Mrs. Loomis, the mother of Sidney's previous boyfriend Billy. Mickey reveals that it was his plan to be caught for the murders so that he would become famous, immortalized by the media. He wanted to blame the killings on horror movies; the "effects of cinema violence in society." He met Mrs. Loomis on a "psycho website" and she agreed to fund his college tuition in return for his part in the killings. She also helped Mickey place calls to the victims. Mrs. Loomis' motive for killing Sidney and her friends was revenge for Sidney killing her son. Sidney points out that if Mrs. Loomis had not abandoned Billy then he and Stu Macher would not have started their killing spree. Mrs. Loomis shoots Mickey, removing him as a potential threat and stating that his legal defense was absurd. As Mickey is shot he shoots Gale, causing her to fall off the stage. Sidney is cornered by Mrs. Loomis and tricks her into believing Mickey is alive; when Mrs. Loomis is distracted, Sidney hits her with a prop jar. Sidney barricades herself backstage and causes the front of the stage to collapse on Mrs. Loomis. Mrs. Loomis survives and gets Sidney in an armlock, but then Cotton, the man Sidney had blamed for killing her mother arrives and takes Mickey's gun. Mrs. Loomis tries to convince Cotton to let her kill Sidney, but Cotton shoots Mrs. Loomis. Sidney and Cotton discover that Gale is wounded but alive, and help her. Mickey jumps up, and Gale and Sidney shoot him. Sidney turns around and shoots Mrs. Loomis in the head "just in case". It is revealed that Dewey survived his stabbing. He and Gale take an ambulance to the hospital. It turns out that Dewey's scar tissue from previously being stabbed in the back prevented this stabbing from being fatal. At the hospital, the news team arrives and tries to get a story on Sidney. Despite Sidney being the heroine, she tells them Cotton is the man to interview. The news team goes to him, after Cotton tells them there is a "time a place and a price" for an interview, he says, "it'll make one hell of a movie." Sidney walks off the campus, having survived the murders. 
 Romeo + Juliet (1996)321) Shakespeare's famous play is updated to the hip modern suburb of Verona still retaining its original dialogue. The classic story of Romeo and Juliet, set in a modern-day city of Verona Beach. The Montagues and Capulets are two feuding families, whose children meet and fall in love. They have to hide their love from the world because they know that their parents will not allow them to be together. There are obstacles on the way, like Juliet's cousin, Tybalt, and Romeo's friend Mercutio, and many fights. But although it is set in modern times, it is still the same timeless story of the "star crossed lovers". Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story revolves around three families from Verona. The Ruling House, the House of Capulet from where Juliet hails and that of Montague, the male protagonist's family. The story commences with a street brawl fired by the feud between the Montague and Capulet families. When the Prince of Verona announces that any further feud would result in punishment, Count Paris of the ruling house expresses his desire to marry Juliet, from the House of Capulet, who is only thirteen. Meanwhile, after the brawl, Benvolio learns about Romeo's lost-love Rosaline, one of Lord Capulet's nieces. The estranged meeting between Romeo and Juliet takes place at the ball arranged for Count Paris to meet Juliet. Romeo meets and falls head-over-heels in love with Juliet. Romeo discloses his identity to her on being 'encouraged in love'. They seek the support of Friar Laurence, who longs for a reconciliation between the two families and are secretly married. Tybalt, Juliet's cousin challenges Romeo to a duel on discovering that he had sneaked into the ball. However, because of Juliet, Romeo refuses to fight him and calls on the ire of Mercutio, who accepts the duel instead of Romeo. When Mercutio is wounded in the duel, Romeo shoots Tybalt dead and is exiled for the latter's death. Juliet's grief is worsened when Lord Capulet makes plans for her wedding with Count Paris. She seeks help from Friar Laurence. The plan they come up with is that Juliet would consume a drug that would take her into a coma for nearly two days. Romeo was to be informed of the plan via a messenger, who doesn't reach him in time. On the eve of her marriage to Count Paris, Juliet takes the drug and is declared dead. Romeo hears about her 'death' and buys poison before visiting the family crypt. Fate has other plans as Paris encounters Romeo and is killed by the latter. Believing that his lady love is dead, Romeo drinks the poison. When Juliet awakes to discover Romeo's corpse, she uses Tybalts gun and shoots herself in the head. The families meet at the tomb and hear the story of the lovers from the friar. They reconcile and the violent feud is declared over. The exact date when William Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet remains unknown. Though there is mention about an 'earthquake 11 years ago', the dialogue highlights the earthquake in England in 1580. Hence, the popular belief is that the play was written in 1591. The dramatic techniques, paradigm shifts from hope to despair and then again rejuvenated hope adds emotion to the verse and strain of thought in prologue. 