nm0003222:

 Highway to Heaven (19841989)Summaries A probationary angel, sent back to Earth, teams with an ex-cop to help people. Jonathan Smith is a probationary angel sent back to Earth to help people. During the series' first episode, he meets embittered ex-policeman Mark Gordon (as Jonathan is walking along a little-used road, on which Mark happens to be driving). Jonathan helps reform Mark, with the grateful Mark agreeing to become Jonathan's right-hand associate in carrying out the heavenly mission. The two begin traveling the country as itinerant workers, receiving assignments from "the Boss" (God), with their mission being to deliver love, understanding and humility to the people they encountered. Typical episodes stressed moral, Christian themes; though many episodes dealt with common human failings, such as egotism, bitterness and greed, some shows addressed such topics as racism and cancer. A few shows, however, were played mainly for laughs (such as Landon recreating his first famous starring role in a takeoff of his 1957 film I Was a Teenage Werewolf and his role in in little house on the prairie). Brian Rathjen <briguy_52732@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The House of God (1984)Summaries Follow a group of interns in a large teaching hospital. When Chief Resident Jo has a breakdown, the interns are reluctantly placed under the tutelage of the senior resident, who's known as The Fatman. Like "M*A*S*H," "The Hospital," and "St. Elsewhere," (from which this story draws), this film is closer to the truth than the public wants to know. Raymond Clay <banquosa@concentric.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Turner & Hooch (1989)321) A detective must adopt a rambunctious dog in order to help him find a killer. Scott Turner has 3 days left in the local police department before he moves to a bigger city to get some "real" cases, not just misdemeanors. Then Amos Reed is murdered, and Scott Turner sets himself on the case. The closest thing to a witness in the case is Amos Reed's dog, Hooch, which Scott Turner has to take care of if it's going to avoid being "put to sleep". Lars J. Aas <larsa@colargol.edb.tih.no> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the peaceful, port town of Cypress Beach, California, a compulsively neat and organized police investigator named Scott Turner (Tom Hanks) trains his replacement, David Sutton (Reginald Veljohnson), before his transfer to the Sacramento Police Department, where Turner hopes he will have more exciting work. At the pier, Turner introduces Sutton to seafood plant owner Walter Boyett (J.C. Quinn) and, across the dock, Turner visits his friend Amos Reed (John McIntire), a shipyard junk collector. Although Turner approaches the old man's houseboat with trepidation, Amos's imposing Dogue de Bordeaux, Hooch, pins Turner down by the throat. Amos claims that Hooch has affection for Turner, then complains of suspicious activity at Boyett's plant. As Turner and Sutton drive away, they are called to Pinecone Beach, where siblings Mike and Christine Harper have discovered over $8,000 washed ashore in a plastic bag. Confiscating the money, Turner tells the children's mother, Mrs. Kathy Harper (Sharon Madden), that the cash will belong to them if no one claims it, but they must use it for college. That night, back at the pier, Boyett orders his henchman, Zack Gregory (Scott Paulin), to kill a worker named Ferraday who stole a plastic bag filled with cash. Hearing Hooch's barks from across the dock, Boyett sends Gregory to Amos's houseboat, but when the old man refuses Gregory's bribe to keep quiet, he is stabbed to death. However, Hooch witnesses the killing, jumps through a window and chases Gregory away. Early the next morning, Turner rushes to the scene of his first murder investigation and is saddened by the death of Amos. As Hooch barks from inside the houseboat where he has been confined, federal agents Harley McCabe (Ebbe Roe Smith) and Jeff Foster (Kevin Scannell) attempt to muscle Turner off the case, but Turner convinces his boss, Chief Howard Hyde (Craig T. Nelson), to let him stay on the job an extra week so he and Sutton can find Amos's killer. When animal control officers claim Hooch is rabid and threaten to shoot him, Turner says the dog is a witness and escorts him to the town's new veterinarian, Emily Carson (Mare Winningham). Learning about the murder, Emily encourages Turner to take the dog home and use him to find the killer. The next day at the station, Turner reviews Amos's autopsy report and determines by the exactness of the stab wound that the murderer was trained in the military. Chief Hyde complains that the investigation is too costly. Later, as Turner shops for dog food, Hooch wrecks his house. When Turner returns to find his order upturned, he goes after Hooch with a gun. Although Hooch runs away, he soon comes back with Emily's pretty Collie, Camille. Turner returns the dogs to Emily's home-based clinic, hoping to slip away without Hooch, but Emily sees him and invites him inside. They begin to fall in love. One day, Hooch spots Gregory at the wedding of Boyett's daughter at a church across the street from the police station. As Hooch chases Gregory into his Cadillac, Turner and Sutton pursue the criminal and discover his identity through his license plate. Learning that Gregory is a former Marine who works for Boyett, Turner suspects he is Amos's killer and asks Chief Hyde for a search warrant of Boyett's plant. When the investigation is fruitless, Chief Hyde bids farewell to Turner and hands the case over to Sutton. Later, Turner and Emily make love and Turner decides to observe the plant through the night. He promises Emily that he will stay in town another few days. Although the stakeout is uneventful, Turner and Sutton search the plant again the next morning, this time with Hooch. Turner lets Hooch smell the bag of cash discovered by the Harper kids and the dog soon traces the scent to a box of matching plastic bags. Later, Turner investigates Gregory's address at a local motel, leaving Hooch in the car. When Turner threatens the manager, he is held at gunpoint by Gregory. Although Gregory forces Turner into the driver's seat of his Cadillac, Turner intentionally crashes the car into a wall and Hooch restrains Gregory by his throat. Terrified of the dog, Gregory confesses to killing Amos and discloses that Boyett is running a covert operation. After handcuffing Gregory and calling for reinforcements, Turner returns to the plant with Hooch and orders the dog to watch the back door. Just before entering the warehouse, Turner is surprised to see Chief Hyde, who claims that police are waiting nearby to back them up. Once inside, Tuner snatches Hyde's shotgun and accuses the chief of collaborating with Boyett. Turner fires the weapon into a block of ice, revealing bags of cash hidden inside. Just then, Boyett shuts off the lights. Hyde recovers his weapon and a gunfight ensues. Meanwhile, Hooch finds his way into the building through a skylight and lunges onto Boyett as he aims at Turner, taking a bullet in his chest. Turner returns fire, shooting Boyett in the leg, but he is held up by Hyde. The police chief kills Boyett and demands that Turner keep quiet. Although Turner tries to humor his superior, Hyde cocks his gun; however, Hooch bites Hyde's leg before he can shoot. As Turner seizes Hyde's weapon, it discharges, killing the corrupt police chief. Turner rushes the wounded Hooch to Emily's clinic, but despite Turner's soothing words and Emily's attempts to save him, Hooch dies. Sometime later, Turner takes over as Cypress Beach's police chief, marries Emily, and becomes the proud owner of a litter of puppies that Hooch sired with Camille before he died. 
 The Stepfather (2009)Summaries Michael Harding (Penn Badgely) returns home from military school to find his mother Susan (Sela Ward) happily in love and living with her new boyfriend David (Dylan Walsh). As the two men get to know each other, he becomes more and more suspicious of the man who is always there to help. Michael Harding (Penn Badgely) returns home from military school to find his mother Susan (Sela Ward) happily in love and living with her new boyfriend, David (Dylan Walsh). As the two men get to know each other, Michael becomes more and more suspicious of the man who is always there with a helpful hand. Is he really the man of her dreams or could David be hiding a dark side? Michael Harding (Penn Badgely) returns home from military school to find his mother Susan (Sela Ward) happily in love and living with her new boyfriend David (Dylan Walsh). As the two men get to know each other, he becomes more and more suspicious of the man who is always there with a helpful hand. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 