nm0005317:

 Spy (2015)541) A desk-bound CIA analyst volunteers to go undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer, and prevent diabolical global disaster. Susan Cooper is an unassuming, deskbound CIA analyst, and the unsung hero behind the Agency's most dangerous missions. But when her partner falls off the grid and another top agent is compromised, she volunteers to go deep undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer, and prevent a global crisis. 20th Century Fox Susan Cooper is a 40-year-old, single, desk-bound CIA employee who remotely assists her partner, field agent Bradley Fine, on a mission. Fine accidentally kills arms dealer Tihomir Boyanov as he sneezes during a confrontation before extracting the location of a suitcase nuke from him. Susan uncovers evidence that Rayna, Boyanov's daughter, has contacted Sergio De Luca, a suspected broker with ties to various terrorist groups, so Fine infiltrates her home. However, Rayna shoots Fine dead, while Susan watches helplessly online, then reveals that she knows the identities of the agency's top agents, including Rick Ford and Karen Walker. Susan, who is almost certainly unknown to Rayna, volunteers to track her (she was a top trainee agent, albeit over ten years ago). When her boss, Elaine Crocker, reluctantly agrees, the ultra macho Ford quits in disgust. With her best friend Nancy providing intelligence, Susan goes to Paris undercover. That night, Ford shows up and tells Susan she will fail because of her inexperience. The next morning, Susan discovers that De Luca's office has burned down. She finds a photo of a man standing next to the fire. Ford appears, argues with Susan again and leaves. Susan sees the man in the photo follow him and switch his backpack with another one containing a bomb while Ford is distracted. Susan warns Ford in time during a Verka Serduchka concert and then pursues the man into an abandoned building. During the ensuing fight, he falls to his death. When she checks the man's video camera, Susan learns that De Luca is going to Rome. Who would have thought that the inconspicuous and desk-bound CIA analyst, Susan Cooper, could be the guardian angel of the bureau's ultra-suave field agent, Bradley Fine? However, when things go awry in Bradley's last mission, it's Susan's turn to go undercover and retrieve information on the Bulgarian arms dealer, Rayna Boyanov, who is bent on starting a nuclear crisis of global proportions. Now, like a fish out of water, Susan must venture into the dangerous world of international espionage, and beat Rayna at her own game. Can the organisation's newest spy manage to save the day? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with Bradley Fine ( Jude Law ) infiltrating a black-tie party, with the guidance of Susan Cooper ( Melissa McCarthy ). He quickly makes it to the head honcho underground ( Raad Rawi ) and holds him at gun-point, who reveals himself as Tihomir Boyanov, the father of Rayna Boyanov ( Rose Byrne ). He is about to sell a nuclear bomb to terrorists. Suddenly Fine's allergies act up and he sneezes as he shoots Boyanov's father in the head. Susan is shocked, but she quickly leads him out as Fine escapes on a boat back to the CIA. It is EXTREMELY OBVIOUS that she has a thing for him. Later, at dinner with Fine, Cooper receives a black box from Fine. She thinks it's a ring only to be shocked as it turns out to be a cupcake necklace. Fine then tells her to look at him closer.... only to find out that she contacted Pink-Eye. The next day, at CIA Headquarters, Head Elaine Crocker ( Allison Janney ) briefs the agents on the mission at hand. Nobody knows where the nuclear bomb is except Rayna Boyanov. She then sends off Fine to Boyanov's residence as Cooper is insulted and sent out by Agent Rick Ford ( Jason Statham ). That night, before the mission, Cooper goes out with her best friend Nancy ( Miranda Hart ) to a bar. She says that she has no idea where she's going in life. She joined the CIA after she quit being a teacher and her husband left her, and she thought things would be better, but she's just the same old boring person she was. Nancy tries to cheer her up by insulting Agent Karen Walker ( Morena Baccarin ), but this backfires when Walker notices them. During the mission, Fine's cameras and tech are acting up at Boyanov's residence. Cooper tells him to back-off, but he goes inside and disarms both guards. Boyanov then suddenly appears and holds him at gun-point. To Cooper's horror, Boyanov shoots Fine in the head and exposes all the agents in the CIA. The funeral for Fine happens, and Crocker decides to carry on the mission despite losing Fine. After confronting Cooper on calling Boyanov a "thundercunt" in the official report, Cooper discovers a list of numbers from Fine's spy-feed before he got killed. The numbers link them to De Luca ( Bobby Cannavale ), a businessman long suspected to be linked to terrorists; and who has an office in Paris. Crocker has no idea who to send (as all the agents' covers were blown), until Cooper volunteers, to the chagrin of Ford. After Crocker announces Cooper as officially on the case, Ford quits. Crocker then calls Cooper in her office and shows her a video from Cooper's training days. Cooper was the top of her class and was considerably aggressive, but placed herself in the job of analyst to the advice of Fine instead of being an agent. Crocker then gives Cooper her first identity and sends her off to gather her gadgets and head to France. Upon touching down in Paris, Cooper is brought, not to a grand hotel, but to a seedy motel. In her room, she is surprised by Ford, who has "gone rogue". After telling her a variety of (exaggerated) stories about his exploits, he tells Cooper to stay out of his way and that she will fail. The next day, Cooper finds out that the office of De Luca was burned down; he knew the CIA was coming. She then spots one of his associates on a photo taken by a bystander, and goes to a cafe where she is startled by Ford; who once again chastises her and walks away. Suddenly, De Luca's henchman appears and follows Ford. Cooper then follows them as an unidentified woman ( Alicia Vela-Bailey ) swaps Ford's backpack with an identical one containing a bomb. Cooper then chases and warns Ford in time for him to throw the bomb into the river without any casualties, but one of De Luca's goons snaps a picture of Cooper - blowing her cover. Cooper chases him to the burned down office and loses him - until he appears behind her and threatens her with a knife. She then takes out her gun and threatens him, at which he laughs - there's no clip - or rather it is lying on the ground beside her!. Cooper, however, successfully fends him off and knocks him off a balcony whereby he is impaled on a stake. A shaken Cooper then faints. Back in her motel room, Cooper, who took the camera, sends the footage to CIA. They then hear De Luca talking about "Renaldo". They figure out that "Renaldo" is the name of a Rolls-Royce car, and that it is presently in Rome. Cooper is then given another identity and flown off to Italy. In Rome, a spy (Peter Serafinowicz) is sent to drive Cooper to intercept "Renaldo". Cooper then spots De Luca going inside the Casino. To go in, she buys herself a nice dress and makes herself up. Inside the casino, Ford once again spots Cooper and insults her, while Cooper tells him to fuck off and that she's got this. Cooper then enters the private casino, and upon getting kicked out, she spots a waiter slip poison in a drink and alerts the customer- who is Reyna Boyanov in the flesh. For her thanks, Reyna forces the waiter to drink the spiked drink- which burns a hole through his throat as Cooper faints in horror. Boyanov then takes Cooper out to dinner as thanks for saving her life. During dinner, Boyanov spots Ford, sends her men to kill him; but Cooper sends out a morse code message to cut the power of the casino. While the power is out, she creates a diversion to let Ford go. Upon waking, Rayna brings "Penny Morgan" to her private plane en-route to Bulgaria, where Cooper is poisoned with her drink and knocked out. Upon waking, Boyanov is confronted by the Pilot (Matt DeVere) at gun-point. Cooper quickly subdues him and the other hostiles, while getting the plane under control on auto-pilot. Boyanov then holds Cooper at gunpoint, saying she knows she is from the CIA. Cooper then lies and makes up a fake name, saying that she's a bodyguard to protect her, and that her father sent her. Boyanov believes her and lets Cooper fly them into Bulgaria. In Budapest, Boyanov's associate, Anton (Bjrn Gustafsson), meets up with her while Cooper, mistakenly believing him to be an assassin, throws her phone at his head and insults him all the way to Boyanov's room at the hotel. Upon being left alone, she turns on her earpiece and makes her way out of the hotel, where Nancy surprises her- she was sent to keep an eye on Cooper. Boyanov then spots them and after Cooper saying that Nancy is an assistant bodyguard, an unknown assailant shoots at them, killing Boyanov's associate. Cooper picks up a pizza delivery scooter and gives chase while Nancy runs with Boyanov. Upon catching up, Cooper is surprised to see that the assailant is none other than Agent Karen Walker (Morena Baccarin). Walker is then suddenly shot in the head by a sniper while Cooper flees. Back at the hotel, Boyanov screams at her two incompetent "bodyguards", and tells them that her client is meeting her that night at a party, and "don't fuck up if you don't want me to shoot a bullet in your heads". They then hire an "additional bodyguard" who is none other than the spy from Rome. At the party, Cooper spots Ford yet again, as well as the woman from Paris. She then follows her as Nancy attacks musical guest star 50 Cent (playing himself) on stage to get arrested and cause a distraction. Cooper follows the woman to a restaurant, where they fight, with Cooper overpowering her and accidentally launching a knife through her hand. As she arrests her under the FBI, someone launches a knife in her heart- Fine (Jude Law), who faked his death and is now with Boyanov. Cooper is tied up and locked up with the spy from Italy. Fine then comes in and tells Cooper that his entire plan was to get close with Boyanov by faking his death, and that he was actually going to stop her. He tells Cooper to hang tight as he leaves, but Cooper has had enough. She gets help and frees herself and the spy from Italy as she drives to the estate of De Luca. De Luca, who doesn't trust Fine, tells Boyanov that the deal is off unless Fine gets killed. Cooper then pops in and gives De Luca a deal- she'll allow the deal to happen if Fine lives. She then confesses about how shitty the CIA was and how she knew that Fine would never be hers. De Luca accepts Cooper's deal. De Luca's customer then arrives and gives him his payment- millions of euros worth of diamonds. Boyanov then leads everyone to where the nuke is - inside "Renaldo" (the Rolls) the whole time. De Luca then suddenly shoots his customer and holds everyone at gunpoint. Ford once again interferes but accidentally knocks himself out. De Luca runs while Cooper shoots and kills every one of his henchmen, with Fine getting shot in the process. Cooper then gives chase to De Luca escaping in his helicopter, with an awakened Ford chasing after them. Cooper catches on his helicopter while Ford grabs her boobs. De Luca tries to shake them off, but only succeeds in dropping Ford and Cooper's shoes. Cooper then swings herself inside the helicopter and throws the diamonds and the nuke in the lake below. An angered De Luca then attempts to kill Cooper, but Nancy, who is now in a helicopter with the help of 50 Cent, shoots him with a sniper rifle and kills him. Cooper then lands the chopper - her first ever mission is complete. Upon landing, Ford congratulates her and drives "off to sea" (which is now a nuke-contaminated lake), the spy from Italy is actually MI6 (and British!) and Fine asks Cooper out on a date. She declines to have a girls night with Nancy, and the two walk away as Cooper gets a new assignment. Shortly before the credits roll, we see Cooper waking up in bed with Ford. She screams in disgust as Ford cuddles her and says, "I know you liked it". 
 Couples Retreat (2009)321) A comedy centered around four couples who settle into a tropical-island resort for a vacation. While one of the couples is there to work on the marriage, the others fail to realize that participation in the resort's therapy sessions is not optional. Dave and Ronnie, Jason and Cynthia, and Joey and Lucy are close. The group used to include Shane and Jennifer, but they divorced and she's gone. Jason and Cynthia announce that their marriage is in trouble, and they beg their friends (and Shane's young girlfriend) to join them on a couples' retreat, at the package rate, on a tropical island. The others reluctantly agree, planning to play while Jason and Cynthia work on their marriage with an island psychologist. To everyone's surprise, the package is inflexible: each couple must participate in the couples' exercises. Soon fault lines appear in all four relationships. What's in store for each couple? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This movie focuses on 4 couples: * The married with two young kids Dave & Ronnie (Vince Vaughn & Malin Akerman). * The hyper-organized couple who cannot conceive Jason & Cynthia (Jason Bateman & Kristen Bell). * The married since they were in high school couple Joey & Lucy (Jon Favreau & Kristin Davis). * The recently divorced Shane (Faizon Love) and his new 20 year old girl friend, Trudy (Kali Hawk). We see each of these couples go through their trials Ronnie is trying to remodel the house while Dave, who sells Guitar Hero, is uninterested. Lucy and Joey cheat on one another and seem to be waiting for the day their daughter goes off to college so they no longer have to pretend their marriage is real (though they do give good parenting advice to their daughter). Shane wants to buy a motorcycle to keep up with his new girlfriend. Jason and Cynthia are preparing a PowerPoint to show their friends, and Jason insists on checking Cynthias work. They set up their presentation at Ronnie & Daves house during one of the kids birthday party. The friends (minus Trudy, shes downstairs watching the magician with the kids) are all afraid theyre going to see another video about ball cancer but instead they see an island getaway. This paradise offers marital problem-solving, which the others are less keen on, but Jason and Cynthia drop the bomb that they are thinking of divorce, and ask their friends to please take the trip with them, because if four couples sign up, they can get the discounted group rate. Shane, Joey and Lucy seem to like the idea, but Dave and Ronnie argue that they simply cannot drop out of their lives right now, with all theyve got going on. Later on, Jason sneaks into Dave and Ronnies house, waking up everyone to plead with him to help him save his marriage. The kids say they overheard and they dont want their parents to get divorced, so they called Grandpa and he will come watch them. The couples are off. They take a boat out to the Eden resort, and find out that their destination is Eden West, a couples skill-building retreat. Eden East, the other side of the island, is a singles bacchanalia with all the pleasures the flesh could want. Joey and Lucy are both intrigued by this other side of the island. They get to their cabins, marvel at the scenery and agree that this could be nice. The couples join at dinner and are told by Sctanley (with-a-c) that they can either have all the activities of the island (including the couples therapy) or none of it at all. After eating a delicious dinner, they decide it cant hurt to talk to a therapist for a little bit and then get on some jet-skis. They go back to their rooms and Joey tries to pleasure himself to a picture of a girl from the Eden East brochure, but is interrupted by a room service waiter. The next morning, the couples meet Marcel, who has a plan for each of them. They will come to better understand each other in their marriage and find their spirit animal. They face each other and remove their masks, stripping down to their underwear (or in Shanes case, absolutely nothing) and telling each other that they love their bodies. Then it is time for therapy. One of the therapists is Ken Jeong, and he gets the pleasure of seeing Jason and Cynthia. Jason asks him if they have a better or worse chance of making it than other couples hes seen. He even pulls out his fingers in the shape of a gun and tries to get the therapist to give them a number from 1 to 10, but the therapist tells him to holster it. Dave and Ronnie go into their session feeling pretty good about themselves, but the therapist makes them think that maybe theyre just surviving instead of living and being happy together (a theme that goes on for the rest of the movie). Next is a visit with the sharks, where Jason spills the bucket of chum on Dave and Dave receives a minor scratch. Meanwhile, Trudy and Shane went on a bike ride, and Shane is struggling to keep up, which makes him start to realize his limitations in keeping up with her. Lucy and Joey go to get a couples massage, but they end up in different rooms, with masseurs of the opposite sex. Lucys masseuse is gay, and Joeys masseuse turns him on but tells him hes not getting a Happy Ending so he asks her to leave so he can calm himself. That night at dinner, Trudy is mad at Shane, saying he promised her a fun vacation and they havent partied or anything. He consoles her by saying theyre going to have sex in the room, and they leave. Ronnie wants to hike to a waterfall she heard about, a place thats supposed to be really romantic, but Dave is too busy being a baby about his shark attack and heads to bed alone. The next day starts with Yoga, with an instructor who is very touchy feely, and all about encouragement by patting on the rear (men and women). Lucy obviously finds him attractive, asking him to help her go into a deep stretch that involves a sexual looking position. Later at the spa, Ronnie ask Lucy what she thought she was doing, and how would she feel if Joey cheated on her. At Jason and Cynthias therapy session, we learn that Jason blames Cynthia for the fact that she cannot get pregnant. Jason talks to the guys about how sex is so routine and how it is frustrating. Marcel tells the group that they must gather at the beach before sunrise the next morning, and not to eat or drink anything too late. Back at the cabins, Shane discovers that Trudy is missing. They decide she must have gone to Eden East to have some fun. Joey, whos been trying to figure out a way to get to Eden East since they got here, decides theyll take the canoes to try and rescue Trudy. Jason is against the idea, since hes a very follow the rules kind of guy, but they remind him that Marcel said they must all be there, so without Trudy theyd be breaking the rules anyway. Jason goes along, and criticizes Cynthias rowing. A storm suddenly comes up and Jason and Cynthia capsize, which of course was Cynthias fault as well. Finally, Cynthia jumps out of their canoe and swims the rest of the way to shore. She tells Jason that she is sick of being blamed for everything, and that shes done. She runs off into the woods, and the other girls follow her, telling the boys theyll meet up at the giant party. They boys go off and start discussing one anothers problems. Jason is too controlling, and blames Cynthia for everything. Shane should never have tried to be with someone so young, he should have made his marriage work. Joey wants a wife who will listen to all his stories and problems but he doesnt want to listen to anything she says. They do a very funny bit about going to Applebees all by yourself and having no one to talk to. Daves wife loves him, and just wants him to be involved, and he cant seem to find the energy or the attention. Kids and work and the remodel have gotten in the way of their being happy with one another. Meanwhile, theyve stumbled upon what they think to be an empty cabin The girls talk about how at least Cynthia tries to make it work, while it seems like Lucy has just given up completely. They come to a clearing, where we see the waterfall Ronnie was talking about, and she laments that she cant be here with Dave. The Yoga instructor swims up from the other side of the island (naked) and offers them some island made sweet rum. Lucy and Cynthia want to cut loose and party, while Ronnie just wants to find Trudy and the boys and get back to the other side. The boys discover that the cabin is not abandoned; it is actually the staff quarters, where Sctanley is playing Guitar Hero while the other guys watch. Sctanley threatens to call Marcel on the boys, but Dave makes a bet if Sctanley can beat him at Guitar Hero, he can call Marcel or take Daves bribe. If Dave wins, he gets to keep his money and Sctanley will help them get to Eden East. Dave of course wins and Sctanley gives them directions. A few things happen at this party. Joey goes off with some young hot girls, saying that since he got married right after high school he never got to be young and have fun. Shane finds Trudy, and tells her that hes sorry, and she should go off and enjoy being 20. He is then found by his ex-wife, who says that she thought she wanted more out of life than just being with Shane. She tells him that she loves him, and wants to be with him again. Ronnie gets tired of the partying, and finds Dave, who takes her to the waterfall, and they talk about the fact that theyve stopped paying attention to each other. Cynthia and Jason reconcile, and Joey sees Lucy dancing with the yoga instructor and gets jealous, realizing he still loves her. He punches the yogi out (saying Encouragement) and tells his wife he cheated on her. She yells that she cheated on him, and they yell at each other about going to Applebees and kiss and make up. The couples return to Eden West, after sun-up, and Marcel is angry that they did not follow the rules. Dave tells Marcel that they worked out all their problems and they dont need him to give them anymore couples skill-building, and Marcel smiles and agrees. He gives them woodcarvings of their spirit animals (Rabbit, wolf, honeybee, and donkey) and they go jet skiing. ~Wendy~ 
 Rio (2011)44) When Blu, a domesticated macaw from small-town Minnesota, meets the fiercely independent Jewel, he takes off on an adventure to Rio de Janeiro with the bird of his dreams. In Rio de Janeiro, baby macaw, Blu, is captured by dealers and smuggled to the USA. While driving through Moose Lake, Minnesota, the truck that is transporting Blu accidentally drops Blu's box on the road. A girl, Linda, finds the bird and raises him with love. Fifteen years later, Blu is a domesticated and intelligent bird that does not fly and lives a comfortable life with bookshop owner Linda. Out of the blue, clumsy Brazilian ornithologist, Tulio, visits Linda and explains that Blu is the last male of his species, and he has a female called Jewel in Rio de Janeiro. He invites Linda to bring Blu to Rio so that he and Jewel can save their species. Linda travels with Blu and Tulio to Rio de Janeiro and they leave Blu and Jewel in a large cage in the institute where Tulio works. While they are having dinner, smugglers break into the institute and steal Blu and Jewel to sell them. Linda and Tulio look everywhere for Blu, who is chained to Jewel and hidden in a slum. Meanwhile, Jewel and Blu escape from their captors and befriend a group of birds that help them to get rid of the chains. It is Carnival and the smugglers and mean cockatoo, Nigel, do not intend to give up Blu and Jewel, and chase the birds through the crowded streets. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil When Blu, a baby blue macaw that lives in Brazil, was captured by dealers and was smuggled to USA, a little girl named Linda decided to take care of him and it continues until they were adults. Unfortunately, because Blu was with Linda since he was little, he never learned to fly. And when an ornithologist named Tulio finds Blu and tells Linda that he is the last male of his kind, Tulio decided to bring Blu back to Brazil to breed with a female macaw named Jewel. But in the night Blu was captured again along with Jewel and must find his way back to Linda while trying to overcome his fear to learn how to fly with Jewel and a toucan, Rafael. By a tragic twist of fate, the bright-coloured blue macaw parrot, Blu, never had the chance to learn how to fly. Far away from sunny Brazil, Blu now lives in snow-covered Minnesota as the pet-friend of his human companion, Linda; however, as the last of his endangered species, the flightless bird will soon find himself in Rio de Janeiro to meet the last female of his kind--the feisty, Jewel. But, when calamity strikes again, and the feathery couple gets kidnapped, Blu must summon up the courage to finally believe in himself, if he wants to save his charming dream-girl. The question is, can he make it in time? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo (2005)Summaries Deuce is tricked again into man-whoring by T.J., only in Amsterdam while other man-whores are being murdered in his midst. Deuce Bigalow ('Rob Schneider') goes to Amsterdam after a little accident including two irritating kids and a bunch of aggressive dolphins. There he meets up with his old friend TJ Hicks ('Eddie Griffin'). But a mysterious killer starts killing some of Amsterdams finest gigolos and TJ is mistaken for the extremely gay murderer. Deuce must enter the gigolo industry again to find the real murderer and clear TJs name. Morty_man91 After an accident with dolphins and elders on a beach, the clumsy fish tank cleaner and former gigolo Deuce Bigalow (Rob Schneider) is invited by his pimp friend T.J. Hicks (Edie Griffin) to travel to Amsterdam where he is presently living. Once there, T.J. Hicks is wrongly taken as a whore-men serial killer. Bigalow joins the gigolo's association trying to find the true identity of the murderer and clean TJ Hicks. Meanwhile, he meets the gorgeous Eva (Hanna Verboom), and while dating her, he suspects that she may be the wanted killer. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 