nm0005352:

 Sabrina the Teenage Witch (19962003)Summaries When a sixteen-year-old high school student finds out she's a witch, her two aunts offer guidance on how to control her newly-discovered magical powers. Sabrina Spellman (Melissa Joan Hart), a perfectly normal sixteen-year-old, is informed by her aunts, Hilda (Caroline Rhea) and Zelda (Beth Broderick), that she (and they, and her whole family on her father's side) are witches. She lives with them in Massachusetts while preparing to receive her witch's license. Along the way, she gets into many scrapes while figuring out how certain spells work. She also has to keep the secret from her boyfriend, Harvey (Nate Richert), friends Jenny (Michelle Beaudoin), and later Valerie (Lindsay Sloane), stuck-up nemesis Libby (Jenna Leigh Green), and the ever-suspicious Principal Willard Kraft (Martin Mull). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Christmas with the Kranks (2004)431) With their daughter, Blair, away, Luther and Nora Krank decide to skip Christmas all together until she decides to come home, causing an uproar when they have to celebrate it at the last minute. Strange as it may sound, Luther and Nora Krank, the neighbourhood's award-winning couple for their cheerful Christmas spirit, have decided to skip this year's annual festivities when their daughter, Blair, departs for Peru after joining the Peace Corps. Now, instead of spending the staggering amount of $6,000 on the holiday season, just like the previous year, they are determined to invest the money on a sun-drenched, ten-day Caribbean cruise, much to the chagrin of their friends and neighbours. However, this is easier said than done, and before long, Luther and Nora, who have turned their backs on Christmas, will face the consequences. And then, as if that weren't enough, Blair and her new fianc announce that they are coming home, utterly unaware that the empty family nest is far from ready for the event. Can the Kranks "generate" Christmas out of nothing in less than a few hours? Nick Riganas When Luther and Nora Krank's daughter, Blair, departs for Peru, they decide to skip Christmas and spend the money on a cruise. Now they must face their neighbors, the neighborhood decorating contest, carolers, and charity collectors. But when their daughter, Blair, calls on Christmas Eve and says she's coming home for Christmas, they must put on a real holiday rush when they have 12 hours to get Christmas set up for Blair and her fiance, Enrique. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. For the first time, Luther Krank (Tim Allen) and his wife Nora (Jamie Lee Curtis) are about to celebrate the holidays without their daughter Blair (Julie Gonzalo), who has just left for the Peace Corps in Peru. Luther sees a Caribbean cruise poster in a Chicago travel agency window, and he begins to plan the trip. First he must see how he will pay for the trip, so he comes up with an idea that if they skipped Christmas, they could go. He will save money by not buying a tree, having a party, or putting up decorations. The neighbors think he is crazy and want him to at least put Frosty the Snowman on his roof for the local decoration contest. The battle begins between the Kranks and their neighbors. Then Blair calls and tells her parents that she is flying home for Christmas with her fiance. They have twenty-four hours to put up all the decorations and prepare for the Christmas party. The movie was based on a John Grisham book, 'Skipping Christmas'. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 The Perfect Man (2005)431) A lonely mother begins receiving romantic e-mails from a secret admirer, unaware that this perfect man is really a creation of her daughter who is trying to cheer her up. Teenager Holly Hamilton is tired of moving every time her single mom Jean has another personal meltdown involving yet another second-rate guy. To distract her mother from her latest bad choice, Holly conceives the perfect plan for the perfect man.. an imaginary secret admirer who will romance Jean and boost her shaky self-esteem. When the virtual relationship takes off, Holly finds herself having to produce the suitor, borrowing her friend's charming and handsome Uncle Ben as the face behind the e-mails, notes and gifts. Holly must resort to increasingly desperate measures to keep the ruse alive and protect her mom's newfound happiness, almost missing the real perfect man when he does come along. Helen Waite Holly's mother Jean has devoted her entire life to taking care of her and her sister and has not regretted it. But she also knows that eventually Holly and her sister will leave the nest and she will be alone, so she wants to meet a great guy but unfortunately, when the guy she is seeing turns out to be not the great guy she thought he was, she uproots her family and moves to another city. This time they find themselves in New York, and Holly not wanting to move thinks that the best thing she should do is to make up a suitor for mother, who is the perfect guy, and hopefully she won't want to move again. So on advice from her friend's uncle she starts sending her mother flowers and gifts with words he provides her and before she knows it, her mother is taken with this perfect man. But eventually her mother wants to meets this guy but can't so what can Holly do? rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Single mother Jean (Heather Locklear) moves every time she gets her heart broken by another guy, much to the dismay of her teenage daughter, Holly (Hilary Duff). The film stats with Holly making plans to go to her first ever school dance, which is a week away, when Jean's current boyfriend comes over and reveals he has been unfaithful to Jean and then she shoves a cake into his face. After the most recent heartbreak, Jean, Holly and her little sister, Zoe, move to Brooklyn where Holly makes friends with a girl named Amy. Holly devises a plan to invent a secret admirer for her mother, so she'll be happy and stop moving. Holly overhears her friend Amy's (Vanessa Lengies) uncle Ben (Chris Noth) ordering flowers for a woman, and decides to use his advice on women (which she acquires by telling him she needs help for a English paper on romantic leads and their modern counterparts). Following Ben's advice, she sends her mother orchids and other gifts and love notes, and is soon communicating with her mother as this fictitious admirer (who Holly names Ben) via the internet. As her mother becomes more interested, Holly has to find a photo of this admirer. She sends one of the real Ben, and then devises a reason why they can't meet in person, claiming he is opening a restaurant in China. While she is developing the online romance between her mother and fake Ben, and preventing her mother and the real Ben from meeting in person, she finds herself drawn to a cute, artistic boy in her class, Adam (Ben Feldman), but is unwilling to get close to anyone due to her history of being uprooted and having to say goodbye so often. As the charade continues, and as Holly spends more time with Ben while picking his brain for romance tips, she slowly begins to see qualities in Ben which make her believe he is her mother's 'perfect man.' Unfortunately there is no way her mother can ever meet the real Ben without Holly's plan being exposed. Holly asks help from Adam to disguise as Ben in the telephone and break up with Jean. But he fails, as he is revealed to be harboring feelings for Holly too, in effect telling Holly's mother the opposite of what is planned. Next day at school, Adam admits his feelings for Holly by kissing her. That night, Lenny (Mike O'Malley), a man who is infatuated with Jean, proposes to her and she replies with a 'maybe'. Holly, as an act of desperation, then disguises herself as Ben's secretary and arranges a meeting between Ben and her mom. Next day, when Holly mistakenly believes Ben is marrying someone else, she disrupts the wedding to tell Ben he should be with her mother - not noticing he is there because the bride was his dear friend and he was catering the wedding. An angry Ben follows her out and makes her tell him the full story. Holly then goes to the meeting place and admits the whole ruse to Jean, who seems to take it badly. Days pass by and Holly and her mom maintain a cold relationship, and Holly is insulted by her interpretation of Adam's drawing of "Princess Holly." Holly begs Jean for them to move again. Her mother is humiliated and wants to stay, but Holly tells her to leave this once for Holly. She says that she always has to move for her mom. Her mom can't argue with that so they start to pack. Adam, for what he thought was the last time, went to Holly's home and gave Holly's mom his drawing, commenting that the drawing has another side, which turns out to be Adam telling Holly that he'll always be there for her. Touched, Jean logs onto the internet with Holly's screen name and talks to Adam. Adam, thinking it's Holly, says that her mom is setting a bad example, getting up and leaving when things get bad. Jean is deeply moved by this and decides to stay, finding a new job and trying to rebuild her life without running away. She also apologizes to her daughter and tells her to look at the other side of the drawing, making Holly happy. Meanwhile Ben is intrigued by what Holly told him about her mother, and with Holly's help, Jean and Ben finally meet and Jean finds her 'perfect man' at last. Holly is on the road to her perfect man as now she has some stability in her life and finally opens up and admits her feelings for Adam. At the end, Adam and Holly go to their first school dance together. 
 Sordid Lives: The Series (2008 )Summaries A prequel to the film of the same name, focusing on the exploits of an eccentric Texan family. The story of Bible-thumping Baptists, beer-swilling bar trash, and everyone in-between in a small Texas town, contrasted with the appearance-driven world of Hollywood and the hysterical comedy and tender poignancy that come from learning to be yourself and love the family you have instead of the family you want. fitzwilliam It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 