nm0008264:

 13 Reasons Why (20172020)55) Follows teenager Clay Jensen, in his quest to uncover the story behind his classmate and crush, Hannah, and her decision to end her life. Thirteen Reasons Why, based on the best-selling books by Jay Asher, follows teenager Clay Jensen (Dylan Minnette) as he returns home from school to find a mysterious box with his name on it lying on his porch. Inside he discovers a group of cassette tapes recorded by Hannah Baker (Katherine Langford) -his classmate and crush-who tragically committed suicide two weeks earlier. On tape, Hannah unfolds an emotional audio diary, detailing the thirteen reasons why she decided to end her life. Through Hannah and Clay's dual narratives, Thirteen Reasons Why weaves an intricate and heartrending story of confusion and desperation that will deeply affect viewers. Studio Clay Jensen returns home from school one day to find a mysterious box with his name on it outside his front door. Inside he discovers a series of cassette tapes recorded by Hannah Baker - his classmate and crush. Only, she committed suicide two weeks earlier. On the first tape, Hannah explains that there are thirteen reasons why she did what she did. And Clay is one of them. You can't stop the future. You can't rewind the past. The only way to learn the secret, is to press play. Anne-Charlotte 13 Reasons Why is based on the New York Times bestselling YA book by Jay Asher, was created by Pulitzer Prize and Tony Award winner Brian Yorkey, who also wrote the pilot. 13 Reasons Why is the story of Hannah Baker, a high schooler who commits suicide. Clay receives a box of tapes from Hannah, his late classmate and crush after she kills herself. On the tapes, which get passed along to other students based on Hannah's instructions, Hannah reveals the 13 reasons why she took her own life. ahmetkozan The recordings of a girl named Hannah Baker who commited suicide, helping her lover Clay Jensen uncover the story behind her suicide and confronting each and every single of the culprits who lead her to commit suicide. The story is a dark route of a girl who faces unfaithful behaviors of the people from her new residental school and so called friends. ankit patil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Last Express (1997 Video Game)Summaries 1914: Innocent fugitive Robert Cath boards the Orient Express three days before the outbreak of WW1 and must stay alive until "the end of the line". The year is 1914. Robert Cath, an American Doctor, becomes a fugitive from the law while in Ireland for a murder he did not commit. He flees to Paris, France, and at the invitation of an old friend, Tyler Whitney, arranges to board the famous Orient Express just days before World War I breaks out. Arriving late, boarding the train by jumping from a speeding motorcycle, he discovers Tyler brutally murdered in his compartment. As no one on board knows either of them, Cath assumes Tyler's identity and sets out to find the killer. What he discovers is that everyone on board has secrets that plunge him into a maelstrom of Treachery, Romance, and International Intrigue. Greenie123 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Midnight Caller (19881991)Summaries An ex-cop hosts a late-night talk radio program while getting involved with his listeners' problems in his off-time. Jack Killian is an ex-cop in San Francisco. He quit the police force after accidentally shooting his partner. He was approached by Devon King, the manager of a local radio station, and accepted a job as a talk-back host. Ever the humanitarian, Jack (together with his side-kick Billy Po) often gets personally involved with the plight of those who call his show. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Til Death Do Us Part (1995)Summaries Alex is an author, well over 30, who still hasn't found the love of his life. Then his therapist advises him to look up the last woman he ever loved. So he travels back to the place of his birth. In this wild romantic comedy, Alex is a burned-out writer in his mid-thirties who consults a psychiatrist to help him discover the source of his writer's block. The psychiatrist decides that Alex's writing problems are linked to a lack of romance in his life. As a solution, she recommends that Alex find the last woman that he ever really loved! The last woman Alex fell for is Joanne, his high-school girlfriend. Alex returns to his hometown to find Joanne and enlists the help of his old friend, Paul, a notorious ladies man and now the owner of a funeral home, who also happens to be Joanne's ex-husband. Once Alex sees Joanne again, he realizes that he needs her back in his life. To make matters worse, Paul also wants to reunite with Joanne, and is extremely reluctant to help Alex 'win her back'. Joanne, meanwhile, is about to marry another man, whom both Alex and Paul think is completely wrong for her. With the odds against Alex, and the fact that Joanne can't stand him, he pursues his quest to get to the bottom of his creative block, and perhaps to find true love again. DeckardLives It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 