nm0000227:

 The Replacement Killers (1998)44) A troubled hitman seeks aid from a forger to help him get papers to China. However, the drug lord has hired replacements to finish the job, and kill the hitman. John Lee is the best hitman money can buy. But when John refuses to kill because of the seven year-old son of his target, John's bosses send someone after John to kill him and then take his place in the ring of hitmen. John then teams up with Meg Coburn to help him escape these "Replacement Killers." Anonymous Hitman John Lee owes a debt to Mr. Wei, L.A.'s Chinatown drug-lord. When a Cop kills Wei's adult son during a drug bust, Wei orders a hit in revenge. Lee can't pull the trigger, and he knows Wei will punish him by going after Lee's mother and sister in Shanghai. To reach them fast, Lee needs a forged passport. He seeks out Meg Coburn, a forger. But Wei's men are already on Lee's trail, disrupting his visit to her. Lee and Coburn must fight them off, evade the cops, face replacement killers imported to shoot the cop's son, confront Wei, and get Lee onto a plane to China, passport in hand. <jhailey@hotmail.com> John Lee is a hitman who works for Chinese crime lord, Terence Wei. It seems that John is obligated to Mr. Wei and so far has done everything he's been told to do. Now Mr. Wei wants John to get revenge on the police detective who killed his son. John was about to carry out the job but for some reason can't do it. When Mr. Wei hears of this, he sends for some replacements. John now has to return to China to help his mother and sister whom Mr. Wei will now target because of his disobedience, but first he needs a passport. He needs find someone who can give him a passport who will not betray him to Mr. Wei. He is told of Meg Coburn, a small time documents forger. John goes to see her and was in the process of making his passport when some of Wei's people come in shooting. While John gets away, Meg is caught by the police but is released by the cop whom Mr. Wei has a beef with. John goes to her and still needing a passport, forces her to go with him. Mr. Wei's people finds them and was about to take care of them but John managed to escape. So now the two of them are not only hunted by Mr. Wei but also the police. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Final Cut (2004)651) Set in a world with memory recording implants, Alan Hakman is a cutter, someone with the power of final edit over people's recorded histories. His latest assignment is one that puts him in danger. It's sometime in the near future. Largely on affordability, one in twenty people have Zoe implants inserted at birth, they manufactured by EYE Tech. The implants record what the host sees over his entire life. It is the job of a cutter to edit the footage post-mortem into a rememory for loved ones, it the official record of only the good, editing out for posterity the bad, the ugly and especially the very ugly. Ethically, cutters cannot combine footage from more than one implant for a rememory, cannot sell footage, and cannot have an implant himself. Alan Hakman is known to be the best cutter in the business in his seeming detachment from his subject matter, especially in needing to view that very ugly without judgment. He is arguably able to do so in being a loner, he having a cordial enough business relationship with fellow cutters, with his current girlfriend, Delila, the only other person in his life with some meaning to him. His work and that of his fellow cutters is getting more dangerous as a very vocal anti-implant movement is emerging in society, protesters picketing at high profile memorials where a rememory is shown. Alan's latest job is the very sensitive one of Charles Bannister, one of the first EYE Tech executives to have his rememory done. Two issues arise in the process of this job. First, Fletcher, an ex-cutter who long ago left the business for unspecified reasons, approaches Alan wanting either to take over the job or purchase the Bannister footage, Alan who believes it is to expose the technology for the ill that it has in society by exposing something related to Bannister himself, Fletcher who will go to extreme measures to get that footage. And second, Alan discovers someone from his far past in Bannister's footage, that very bad in Alan's life which he thought was buried long ago literally never to rise from the grave. Huggo The story is set in a world where implanted microchips can record all moments of an individual's life. The chips are removed upon death so the images can be edited into something of a highlight reel for loved ones who want to remember the deceased. Caviezel portrays the leader of the organization that opposes this technology's development. Bubba In a near undefined future, people may have a Zoe microchip implanted in their nervous system to permit their families to retrieve the best moments of their memories and watch on video after their deaths. This process is called "Rememory" and Alan H. Hakman (Robin Williams), a man traumatized by an incident in his childhood, is the best cutter of the Eye Tech Corporation. The company is facing groups that oppose to the "Rememory" and the ex-cutter Fletcher (Jim Caviezel) is leading these opponents. When Alan is assigned to prepare the final cut of the memories of the Eye Tech lawyer Charles Bannister, his Zoe chip is disputed by Fletcher. Meanwhile, Alan finds that he has also an implanted microchip, which is against the rules of a cutter. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Omar Naim's The Final Cut is startlingly different than a conventional science fiction film. It's a compelling fable that offers a vision of a world where memory implants record all moments of a person's life. Post mortem, these memories are removed and edited by a "Cutter" into a reel depicting the life of the departed for a commemorative ceremony, called a Rememory. Robin Williams' powerful portrayal of Alan Hakman, a troubled "cutter," propels this character driven story that forces us to question the power of our memories and the sanctity of our privacy. Michael Umble Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this futuristic tale, Alan Hakman (Robin Williams) witnesses the death of his childhood friend who had fallen off a plank of wood in the abandoned building in which they were playing. Flash to the present, and chips called "Zoe" are inserted into the brain at birth and record a person's entire life; when the person dies, the video is edited and shown at the funeral. Video editor ("cutter") Alan Hakman edits the recordings of people's lives according to the wishes of the subject's family, interviewing the person's family members to get an idea of what to look for in the recordings. Of course, in the case of some unscrupulous people, the bad parts are left out, but the entire recording of a person's life is therefore subject to scrutiny. So, in some cases, Hakman was knowingly burying the bad and highlighting the good. As a result, Alan is turned into a cold megalomaniac, but things change when he stumbles across a subject's memory of his friend, who he thought was dead. In searching for a record of his friend's Zoe chip, he finds none, as only 20% of all people have the implants. What he does find is a record of his own implant, of which he was unaware. He goes about accessing the memory, which shows that Alan's friend was still breathing, and the "blood" Alan thought he remembered stepping in as he was leaving the building turned out to be paint. Meantime, the Zoe chip of his subject is destroyed during a confrontation in his office. Confronted by activists who want his subject's life opened to all, Alan attempts to flee because his memory chip recorded what he saw of the subject's life, but is shot and killed by the activist, who justifies his actions, hence Alan was not killed in vain. Mira Sorvino and James Caviezel also star. 
 Romy and Michele's High School Reunion (1997)44) Two dim-witted, inseparable friends hit the road for their ten-year high school reunion and concoct an elaborate lie about their lives in order to impress their classmates. Romy and Michele have been through it all, including being tortured by the Popular crowd when in high school. When they receive word of a 10 year reunion, they come to realize their lives aren't as impressive as they'd like them to be. Instead of staying home they go to the reunion with business outfits, cell phones, and one heck of a bogus success story. Movie Guy-27 Best friends since they were children, single, unambitious late twenty-somethings Romy White, a Jaguar dealership cashier, and unemployed Michele Weinberger are roommates living in Los Angeles, which, in and of itself, they see as being a good life compared to the alternative of living in their backwater hometown of Tuscon. They are both stereotypical ditsy blonds, although Romy is slightly more aware than perpetually happy Michele, who has no idea that they were not popular when they were in school. Their high school life included being the butt of jokes by the popular clique led by Christie Masters, Romy being in love with Christie's boyfriend, jock Billy Christianson, and back brace wearing Michele being pursued by ultimate geek Sandy Frink (nicknamed the Frinkazoid) which did not sit well with bright but always angry, chain-smoking Heather Mooney who was in love with Sandy herself. When Romy runs into Heather, who is now a successful Jaguar-driving entrepreneur but is still a chain-smoking, angry woman, Romy discovers that their ten year reunion from Sagebrush High School in Tuscon is upcoming in two weeks. Romy and Michele decide to go, but Romy believes that they have to have the perfect lives to show up especially Christie and that group. That perfect life includes being professionally successful which for Michele means getting not just a job but a good job, losing some weight and having an equally perfect man in each of their lives. Barring any of these things actually happening in two weeks, they have to come up with the perfect stories to perpetuate that great life. In doing so, Romy and Michele may put their own friendship to the test as they try to become people they are not. Huggo Romy and Michele are two former schoolmates who have also been roommates for ten years after the time they graduated, and their lives are far from successful, they can't even get a date. As the 10-year class reunion approaches they try to do something to make an impression on other former schoolmates and finally decide to act as though they are very rich business women who invented Post-Its. Gustaf Molin <gustaf.molin@usa.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mighty Aphrodite (1995)66) When he discovers his adopted son is a genius, a New York sportswriter seeks out the boy's birth mother: a ditzy porn star and prostitute. Lenny and Amanda have an adopted son Max who turns out to be brilliant. Lenny becomes obsessed with finding Max's real parents because he believes that they too must be brilliant. When he finds that Linda Ash is Max' real mother, Lenny is disappointed. Linda is a prostitute and porn star. On top of that, she is quite possibly the dumbest person Lenny has ever met. Interwoven is a Greek chorus linking the story with the story of Oedipus. Jason Ihle <jrihl@conncoll.edu> Lenny and Amanda have an adopted son, Max, who turns out to be brilliant. Lenny becomes obsessed with finding Max's biological parents, believing that they too must be brilliant. When he discovers Max's biological mom, Linda Ash, Lenny is disappointed: Linda is a prostitute and porn actress. On top of that, she is quite possibly the dumbest person Lenny has ever met. Interwoven is a Greek chorus linking the plot with the story of Oedipus. edited by YamSuf When Lenny and his wife, Amanda, adopt a baby, Lenny realizes that his son is a genius and becomes obsessed with finding the boy's biological mother in hopes that she will be brilliant too. But when he learns that Max's mother is Linda Ash, a kindhearted prostitute and porn star, Lenny is determined to reform her immoral lifestyle. A Greek chorus chimes in to relate the plot to Greek mythology in this quirky comedy. Jwelch5742 Married New Yorkers Lenny Weinrib and Amanda Sloan, a sports writer and an art gallery employee respectively, have a five year old son, Max Weinrib, who they adopted when he was one day old. They decided to adopt instead of have a baby of their own largely as it was less of a disruption in especially Amanda's life, she who arranged everything. Lenny believes they have hit a rough patch in their marriage as Amanda seems focused on making connections to open her own gallery, which means them networking with people who Lenny doesn't much like, such as her current boss Jerry Bender, who Lenny is certain wants to take Amanda away from him. The one bright light Lenny sees in their personal life is Max, who was recently tested as being in the genius category. As such, Lenny believes that Max's biological parents must have been remarkable people, Lenny and Amanda only knowing that the mother was a single woman. With the records sealed as to her identity, Lenny embarks on trying to find the mother, deep in his heart possibly to enter into a relationship with her seeing as to the state of his own marriage. Without telling Amanda, he is able to track down the mother, a dim but good-hearted porn star cum prostitute who generally goes by the name Linda Ash. She unrealistically has aspirations to make it on the legitimate stage. When Lenny eventually does meet Linda, he doesn't tell her that he and Amanda were the people who adopted her son, she believing he just another John. Unable to find any genes within Linda's family that would have produced someone the caliber of Max, Lenny proceeds to try and transform Linda into his vision of what Max's biological mother should be, meaning getting her into a respectable career to which she is suited, and finding her a nice guy so that they can start a family. As these stories have the potential to play out like a Greek tragedy, a Greek chorus is constantly present to comment on the proceedings and often give advice, which Lenny often ignores. Huggo Sportswriter Lenny Weinrib and his wife adopt a baby from an anonymous mother. A few years pass, and Lenny starts to wonder about the woman. Curiosity quickly gets the better of him, so he steals files from the adoption agency and sets out to find her. He is eager partly because he wants to reunite mother and son, but mostly because he is neurotically obsessed with Greek tragedy (Is the mom a knockout? Will "Oedipus Rex" relive itself, with Lenny as Oedipus' father?). Of course Lenny is dismayed, maybe even terrified, to find that Linda, the mother, is a beautiful $200-an-hour prostitute. So that he can fashion the proper mother-son reunion and save himself from what Fate seems to have in store, he determines to "reform" Linda. Adam It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 