nm0001840:

 Mulan (1998)541) To save her father from death in the army, a young maiden secretly goes in his place and becomes one of China's greatest heroines in the process. This retelling of the old Chinese folktale is about the story of a young Chinese maiden who learns that her weakened and lame father is to be called up into the army in order to fight the invading Huns. Knowing that he would never survive the rigours of war in his state, she decides to disguise herself and join in his place. Unknown to her, her ancestors are aware of this and to prevent it, they order a tiny disgraced dragon, Mushu to join her in order to force her to abandon her plan. He agrees, but when he meets Mulan, he learns that she cannot be dissuaded and so decides to help her in the perilous times ahead. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Mulan is a girl, the only child of her honored family. When the Huns invade China, one man from every family is called to arms. Mulan's father, who has an old wound and cannot walk properly, decides to fight for his country and the honor of his family though it is clear that he will not survive an enemy encounter. Mulan, who just got rejected by the matchmaker because she had set her on fire, decides to prove that she is worth something and steals away to fit her father's place in the Chinese army. She prays to her family's ancestors for protection and luck before leaving as a man in her father's armor with her family's horse. The ancestors awake and decide to send Mushu, a little dishonored dragon to aid Mulan in her quest. Weeks later, Mulan and the other troopers have survived the training camp and are on the way north to stop the Huns. After being spotted and pursued by the enemies, an impass situation in the mountains forces Mulan to come up with an idea. But then, her real gender will no longer be a secret. She decides to risk everything in order to save China. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> The Fa family's only child, tomboy Mulan, fails to fulfill a Chinese girl's traditional duty as desirable bride. When the empire mobilizes a man from every family to fight the invading Huns, Mulan fears her father, an honorable veteran, is no longer up to fighting and joins in his place, masquerading as fictitious son Fa Ping. The ancestors designate the mighty stone dragon as her magical protector, but only eager baby-dragon Mushu actually goes. Ping is assigned to general Li son captain Fa Li's training unit. He does an amazing job preparing the peasant recruits, yet only Mushu and the luck cricket grandma gave Mulan overturn the mandarin adviser's negative report. When the reach the front, the Huns have already wiped out the regular army. Now the novice company must save China or perish honorably. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During the Han Dynasty in ancient China, the legendary Great Wall fails to keep out the notorious Hun army and their ruthless leader, Shan Yu (Miguel Ferrer). The alarm is raised, and the Emperor (Pat Morita) entrusts General Li (James Shigeta) with mobilizing an army to protect China. The wise Emperor reminds the general that "one man may be the difference between victory and defeat." Fa Mulan (Ming-Na Wen), the teenage daughter of prosperous farmer Fa Zhou (Soon-Tek Oh), nervously prepares for her meeting with the village matchmaker (Miriam Margolyes). Though clever and kindhearted, Mulan is a tomboyish klutz who has little faith in her ability to become a poised and dignified bride. After rushing through her morning chores, she meets her mother, Fa Li (Freda Foh Shen), and grandmother (June Foray) in town and is bathed and dressed before joining the other girls at the matchmaker's house ("Honor to Us All"). Mulan's eccentric grandmother insists that Mulan take a live cricket with her for good luck, but the insect escapes from its cage and wreaks havoc at the meeting. Mulan is deemed a disgrace, and is told she will never bring honor to her family. Deeply ashamed, Mulan returns home and laments that she is not the daughter her parents deserve ("Reflection"). Her father, however, comforts her with the metaphor that the cherry blossom late to bloom may be the most beautiful of all. The Emperor's smug councilman, Chi Fu (James Hong) arrives at Mulan's village to draft one man from each family for the imperial army. Mulan watches in fear as young men are called forward to receive their orders, knowing that her aging and weak father will be called up as well, being the only male member of the Fa family. As Fa Zhou is summoned by Chi Fu, Mulan pleads for her father to be excused from battle, as he is already a veteran and is afflicted with an injured leg. Fa Zhou reprimands her for her interference, and insists he will go to training camp the next day with the other soldiers. Knowing her father will die if put in combat again, Mulan makes a desperate decision. After her parents are asleep, she cuts her hair short, dons her father's armor, and takes his draft information before riding out to the camp in his place. Fa Zhou and Fa Li awaken and discover with horror that their daughter has left to join the army. They cannot go after her, for impersonating a soldier is a capital offense, and Mulan would be executed if her identity was revealed. Grandmother Fa prays to their ancestors to protect Mulan. In the small temple on the Fa's property, the spirits of the ancestors awaken to discuss what to do about Mulan. Mushu the dragon (Eddie Murphy), a disgraced former guardian, is sent to awaken the Great Stone Dragon, the most powerful guardian, to bring Mulan home safely. While grumpily trying to wake the statue by ringing a ceremonial gong, Mushu accidentally reduces it to rubble. He manages to hide this mishap from the ancestors, and encounters Cri-Kee, the "lucky" cricket who had accompanied Mulan to the matchmaker. The two eventually decide to go after Mulan themselves. Mushu plans to help Mulan excel in the army, thus earning back his place among the ancestors as a guardian. As China continues to prepare for war, Shan Yu and the Huns are riding quickly through the wilderness toward the city. Hun soldiers capture two imperial scouts, and Shan Yu tauntingly instructs them to tell the Emperor to send his finest troops to battle the Huns. Reasoning that it only takes one man to deliver a message, Shan Yu has one of the scouts executed. Mulan arrives at the outskirts of the training camp, terrified of her task and dejectedly telling her horse, Khan, that it would take a miracle for her plan to work. As if on cue, Mushu and Cri-Kee appear, with Mushu falsely introducing himself as a trusted guardian sent by her ancestors and promising to help her become a model soldier. Mulan timidly enters the camp and, following Mushu's bizarre instructions on how to impersonate and interact with men, inadvertently causes a brawl. The ruckus is quelled by Captain Li Shang (B.D. Wong), the son of General Li, who was appointed by his father to train the new troops while Li takes his army to protect the Imperial City. Shang is unimpressed with the sloppy new recruits, especially awkward Mulan, who presents herself as "Ping," Fa Zhou's little-seen son. The next morning, training begins in full. This is especially harrowing for Mulan because her fellow soldiers are still angry with her for the camp-wide fight the previous day. None of the recruits are especially skilled or athletic, but Shang proves to be a diligent coach ("I'll Make A Man Out of You"). The troops steadily improve, and Mulan finally redeems herself by being the first soldier to conquer the seemingly impossible task Shang set them on their first day. The troops had been burdened with heavy arm weights and told to retrieve an arrow from the top of an enormous wooden pole. Mulan, after some trial and error, cleverly uses the weights to her advantage, scaling the pole and reaching the arrow. The other troops begin to warm up to "Ping," especially grouchy Yao (Harvey Fierstein), goofy Ling (Gedde Watanabe), and enormous but gentle Chien-Po (Jerry Tondo). Mulan has an increasingly difficult time keeping her gender a secret, especially since the men all bathe together in a nearby lake. Mushu is called upon to provide distractions when Mulan's identity is in immediate danger of being discovered. Shan Yu plans to move his army through a mountain pass, which is the swiftest route to the Imperial City. Though he determines that General Li and his army are already guarding the pass, Shan Yu confidently leads the Huns to battle the imperial troops. Chi Fu, the Emperor's council, has remained at Shang's camp to compile a report on the new troops. Though the soldiers have successfully completed training, Chi Fu remains unimpressed and behaves rudely toward Captain Shang. Mushu, continuing his plan to transform Mulan into a war hero, has Cri-Kee forge a letter from General Li, requesting backup troops at the mountain pass. The ruse works, and Shang marches the troops out of camp the following day. During their trek, Mulan's friends keep their spirits up by daydreaming about their ideal women ("A Girl Worth Fighting For"), but their optimism is short-lived. When they reach the mountain pass, they find the village razed and General Li and his entire platoon slaughtered. Shang is shocked and grief-stricken at his father's death, but is all the more determined to stop Shan Yu from reaching the city and the Emperor. As Mulan, Shang, and the troops progress through the snowy mountains, Mushu accidentally sets off a cannon and gives away their position. The Huns immediately attack, and it is evident that they greatly outnumber the soldiers. As the Hun army charges toward them, Shang instructs Yao to aim their last cannon at Shan Yu. Though now in direct combat with the Hun leader himself, quick-thinking Mulan swipes the cannon and fires it at the mountainside, causing a huge avalanche that buries Shan Yu and the rest of the Huns. The soldiers run for safety, with Shang and Mulan narrowly avoiding falling to their deaths over a cliff. Shang thanks Mulan for saving their lives, and gets her medical attention for an injury she sustained from Shan Yu's sword. While unconscious in the medic's tent, Mulan's gender is discovered and she is ousted to the rest of the troops. Chi Fu pressures Shang to execute Mulan immediately, but Shang, though angry at Mulan for her deception, refuses to kill her. He orders the troops to march on, leaving Mulan in the mountains with her horse and supplies. Mulan miserably tells Mushu that entering the army was a mistake, and that she was fated to dishonor her family. Mushu finally admits that he was not sent by the ancestors, and that his mission was a selfish one to get his job back. Even Cri-Kee confesses that he is not a truly lucky cricket. They are all about to give up hope when they discover that Shan Yu and many of the Huns had survived the avalanche and are emerging from the snow. Mulan, Mushu, Khan and Cri-Kee rush to the Imperial City to warn of the coming attack. In the city, Captain Shang and his troops are being hailed as heroes for defeating the Huns. Though surrounded by cheering citizens, Shang, Yao, Ling, and Chein-Po are noticeably dejected. Mulan, presenting herself as a woman again, confronts Shang during their victory parade and tells him what she saw in the mountains. Shang dismisses her as a liar, and members of the crowd are deaf to Mulan's words. On the steps of the palace, the Emperor begins a speech of gratitude to the Chinese army, but Hun soldiers had beaten Mulan to the city and disguised themselves as members of the parade. To the crowd's horror, the Huns emerge and seize the Emperor, carrying him into the palace and barring the doors. Knowing of Mulan's knack for creative problem-solving, Shang, Yao, Ling, and Chien-Po turn to her for a rescue plan. With all except Shang disguising themselves as concubines, they infiltrate the palace and attack the Huns guarding the chamber into which the Emperor was taken. Shan Yu threatens to kill the Emperor if he refuses to bow to him and accept him as the new leader of China. The Emperor stoically refuses and Shan Yu prepares to strike, but Shang leaps into action just in time. As Shang and Shan Yu battle, Chien-Po carries the Emperor to safety. Mulan then attracts Shan Yu's attention by proving herself to be the soldier who started the avalanche, luring him to the roof of the palace for a final fight. Mushu, armed with an enormous firework rocket, launches himself at Shan Yu. As the Hun leader is blasted to smithereens in a colorful display, Mulan and Mushu drop to safety on the palace steps. As the chaos subsides, Chi Fu berates Mulan for her actions. Shang angrily defends her until the Emperor appears. He explains to Mulan that, despite her fraud, she has saved the entire nation of China. In the ultimate display of respect, the Emperor bows to Mulan, as do the countless people in the attending crowd. He then offers Mulan a place in his council (to the shock of Chi Fu), but Mulan respectfully declines and expresses her wish to return home. The Emperor gives her his medallion and Shan Yu's sword as gifts to honor the Fa family. Back at the Fa estate, Fa Zhou is overjoyed at the return of his daughter. Though Mulan presents him with the Emperor's crest and the sword of Shan Yu, he casts the priceless gifts aside and embraces her, assuring her that she herself is the greatest honor to their family. Captain Shang arrives soon afterward, returning the helmet that Mulan left behind, and awkwardly but happily accepts Mulan's invitation to stay for dinner. Mushu, at last, is restored to guardian status in the family temple. Mulan thanks him for his help in her adventurous plan, and the ancestors celebrate that the Fa family is complete again. 
 Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within (2001)541) A scientist makes a last stand on Earth with the help of a ragtag team of soldiers against an invasion of alien phantoms. In the year 2065, the next great assault against an invading race of phantom-like aliens is about to be launched. Dr. Aki Ross, a brilliant young scientist, races to find the invaders' secrets, not only to save the planet, but herself as well after her body is infected by alien particles. She teams up with the prestigious Deep Eyes military squadron, led by her old friend Grey Edwards. But as Aki, her mentor Dr. Sid, and Grey work toward a peaceful end, the scheming General Hein devises a plot to eradicate the aliens in one swift, destructive blow...even if it destroys the Earth right along with them. H2F In the year 2065, a meteor has crashed onto Earth unleashing an invading race of millions of strange phantom-like alien creatures who roam the earth, decimating field and city alike, threatening to extinguish life itself. But when a brilliant young female scientist, Dr. Aki Ross makes a last stand on Earth with the help of a ragtag team of soldiers against an invasion of alien phantoms. She seeks information about their purpose and physiology, assisted by her mentor Dr. Sid and the Deep Eyes military squad of courageous Captain Gray Edwards Aki's old friend. Tension develops between Aki's quest to stop the alien onslaught through study and the more extreme solution favored by the vengeful, saber-rattling General Hein, who would destroy both the aliens and the Earth itself! Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Loosely based on the highly acclaimed video game series "Final Fantasy". Set in 2065, the world is a barren wasteland invaded by alien life-forms known as Phantoms. Determined to stop them for good, a beautiful woman named Dr. Aki Ross must find the seven spirits to destroy the Phantoms once and for all, unfortunately she is dying from a fatal Phantom-related sickness. She is accompanied by her mentor Dr. Sid (the movie's version of "Cid") and the Deep Eyes Squadron. Emphinix Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 2031, 34 years prior to the start of the film, a meteorite produced by the annual Leonid Meteor Shower strikes Earth near the Caspian Mountains. Over the next eight years, all forms of life begin mysteriously dying. After losing his wife to the suspected virus, a biochemist named Dr. Sid ( Donald Sutherland ) discovers through his studies in Bio-Etherics, which is based on the theory that every living thing has a life force or Spirit, that the deaths are caused by alien creatures called Phantoms, invisible to the naked eye and lethal to the touch. Dr. Sid develops Wave Theory technology which implements counteractive energy wavelengths given off by Spirits and Phantoms to invent visual scanners, weapons, and shields to combat the alien threat and protect the surviving human population. This technology is also used to create the Zeus Cannon, an assault space station designed to obliterate the Phantom's place of origin within the Leonid Crater. Extended testing, delays in the construction of Shield Cities, and Dr. Sid's opposition to drastic measures prevent the cannon from being used. The film opens in the year 2065. Dr. Aki Ross ( Ming-Na Wen ), protg to Dr. Sid and fellow bio-etheric scientist, wakes from a dream aboard her ship, the Black Boa. After recording the dream, her ship lands in Old New York just outside the shield city that comprises of lower Manhattan. She disembarks into the wasteland with sensors and begins searching. Aki is soon surrounded by Phantoms in the ruins of Times Square, but she is rescued by a squadron known as 'Deep Eyes', a branch of the United States Military Force tasked with patrolling the wastelands. The team is comprised of Sgt. Ryan Whittaker ( Ving Rhames ), Cpl. Neil Fleming ( Steve Buscemi ), Cpl. Jane Proudfoot ( Peri Gilpin ), and Cpt. Gray Edwards ( Alec Baldwin ). Though Aki and Gray share a romantic history, he attempts to place her under arrest for being in the wastelands without authorization. However, Aki stubbornly goes on until she finds a small, green plant; the object of her search. When they return to New York Barrier City they must pass through a decontamination process which Aki avoids by saving Gray from a Phantom infection he sustained during the operation. Aki reunites with her mentor, Dr. Sid, and they confirm the plant Aki retrieved is the sixth of eight Spirits she is collecting. Dr. Sid is concerned that Aki's exposition to the wastelands could shut down their lab and shows her an old diary of his. It explains that all Spirits are born of Gaia, the Spirit of the Earth, and inhabit physical bodies. When the physical body dies, the Spirit returns to Gaia and brings with it all its experiences, enabling Gaia to mature and grow. Dr. Sid then burns his diary, telling Aki that not everyone shares their ideas and they should not be permitted to be used against them. They are later summoned to a United Nations Security Council meeting where world leaders and members of the USMF, led by General Douglas Hein ( James Woods ), discuss how to further deal with the Phantom threat. General Hein, driven by personal tragedy, is insistent on using the Zeus Cannon to destroy the Leonid Crater and the Phantom threat once and for all. Dr. Sid argues to continue pursuing non-violent methods, saying that a blast from the Zeus Cannon could harm the Earth. When Hein angrily asks for proof that Dr. Sid's strategies hold water, Aki reveals that she carries an active infection due to exposure to Phantom particles from a few months ago. She is alive because the particles in her body are contained and monitored by a chest plate which creates a shield of spiritual wavelengths that counter the particles' growth. However, her condition is temporary. In order to cure her, and provide a permanent solution to defeating the Phantoms, Aki needs to collect the signatures of eight Spirits. These Spirits must possess specific wave patterns which, when combined and used against the Phantom Spirits' similar patterns, could neutralize them forever. The Council sides with Dr. Sid, but General Hein is suspicious that Aki could be corrupted and manipulated by her infection and orders Gray to keep an eye on her. Gray, however, suddenly realizes that Aki's infection is the reason she ended their relationship and seeks her out for more answers. They enter an elevator as Aki is scanning for the seventh Spirit but become stranded momentarily thanks to Neil, Jane, and Ryan who apparently wish to give their Captain some time alone to reconcile with his former lover. Aki traces the seventh Spirit to the wastes outside of Tuscon. This time, she is escorted by the Deep Eyes and soldiers commanded by Major Elliot ( Matt McKenzie ), a subordinate of General Hein. They find the seventh Spirit: the energy used to power the ovo-pack of a dead soldier. Suddenly, Aki's infection worsens and she falls into a dream as Phantoms surround them. One of Major Elliot's men is killed by a Phantom, his Spirit violently pulled from his body and consumed. The team barely manages to escape to their ship and Elliot's men, believing Aki's condition sabotaged the operation, announce she is to be arrested. When Aki abruptly wakes up, a soldier shoots her before a Phantom passes through the ship and consumes his Spirit. Back in New York, Dr. Sid reveals that Aki is alive; her chest plate stopped the bullet, but it needs to be repaired and her infection needs to be stabilized. To do this, he must combine the waves of the seven Spirits collected thus far into Aki. To keep her Spirit from wandering, Dr. Sid sends Gray into a shared-dream state where he sees what Aki has been dreaming about. They watch as alien creatures wage war on each other before their very world is destroyed, fragments of their planet launched into space. Aki and Gray wake up together and Aki realizes what the Phantoms really are: the meteor that fell to Earth was a piece of their planet and the Phantoms are the restless Spirits of the dead aliens. General Hein's men then appear and take everyone into custody. Convinced that Aki presents a threat to humanity due to her infection, General Hein conducts a plan to convince the Council to use the Zeus Cannon. He intentionally allows some Phantoms to pass through the New York barrier, thinking a controlled number could be easily quelled. However, the Phantoms begin moving through bio-etheric pipes used to power the shields of the city, something General Hein did not anticipate since he assumes the Phantoms are living creatures, and the power grid soon fails. Aki, Dr. Sid, and the Deep Eyes are able to escape from prison only to find that the entire city is under siege by Phantoms, now visible to the naked eye from having traversed through the bio-etheric pipes. They make their way to the military hangar to get to Aki's ship, but Ryan, Neil, and Jane are all killed during the endeavor. Dr. Sid, Aki, and Gray fly into space away from the dying city. In orbit, Gray and Aki comfort each other over the deaths of their companions and become intimate. General Hein, meanwhile, manages to escape New York and seeks refuge aboard the Zeus Space Station. Guilty over his actions, he contemplates suicide. However, he then receives permission from the UNSC ( Keith David ) to use the Zeus Cannon against the Phantoms. Dr. Sid locates the eighth Spirit at the Leonid Crater and identifies it as a Phantom. Gray and Aki are lowered toward the crater in a shielded vehicle, but, before they reach the bottom, the Zeus Cannon fires on the crater, destroying the eighth Spirit. Aki pleads with General Hein to stop, but he ignores her. A quick secondary blast then awakens a massive Phantom; essentially the Phantom's form of Gaia, and Gray and Aki are knocked into the crater. Inside, they find themselves between the Phantom Gaia above and an ethereal blue sea below. Aki exclaims that it's an opening to the Gaia of Earth. Another blast from the Zeus Cannon appears to destroy Gaia, however, and Gray and Aki are surrounded by Phantoms. Aki falls into another dream. This time, she sees a vision of the eighth Spirit within her as a voice says, "With the hope of new life, has Gaia changed the Phantom within". Aki and Dr. Sid confirm that the wave pattern is now complete with the collection of all eight Spirits, and Aki is cured of her infection. They attempt to use Gray's ovo-pack to help transmit the wave, but yet another blast from the Zeus Cannon destroys their vehicle and causes the Phantom Gaia to mutate into an amorphous blob, absorbing all the Phantoms in the area and threatening to corrupt the very Earth. General Hein desperately attempts to fire again despite persistent warnings of systemic overheating. His stubbornness results in the destruction of the station, killing everyone inside, including him. With no other option to stop the Phantoms, Gray places Aki on a ledge and uses himself to transmit the Spirit Wave from Aki into the Phantom Gaia. As his Spirit is absorbed by the Gaia, it becomes neutralized and shoots into space; the Phantom Spirits finally at rest. Aki is lifted back to the Black Boa by Dr. Sid, cradling Gray's body in her arms. She looks out to the horizon as the sun rises and a passing eagle gives hope for life on the new world. 
 Street Fighter (1994)Summaries Col. Guile and various other martial arts heroes fight against the tyranny of Dictator M. Bison and his cohorts. Col. William Guile leads an army of soldiers into the country of Shadaloo to find traces to lead him to General M. Bison, who has captured many people including three missing soldiers. Among them is Carlos "Charlie" Blanka, in which Bison decides to turn into a hideous mutant. On the other hand, Chun Li is a reporter who seeks revenge against Bison for the death of her father years ago. Then two small time hustlers Ryu and Ken, are arrested along with Sagat, a powerful arms dealer and Vega for dealing of illegal weapons. Guile recruits them in order to find Bison's base. Now Guile, T. Hawk, Cammy, Ryu, Ken, Chun Li, Balrog and E. Honda have three days before Bison murders the hostages and takes over the world. Emphinix After months of fighting, a multinational military force of the Allied Nations has managed to enter the city. The AN is fighting against the armed forces of drug-lord turned the evil warlord General M. Bison, who has recently captured a couple of dozen AN workers. Bison makes his demands in a live two-way TV broadcast with William F. Guile, the commander of the AN forces. If he is not paid $20 billion in three days he will kill the hostages! And so Guile and M. Bison will be facing off in the ultimate final showdown! Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (20132020)761) The missions of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division. After the Battle of New York, the world has changed. It now knows not only about the Avengers, but also the powerful menaces that require those superheroes and more to face them. In response, Phil Coulson of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division assembles an elite covert team to find and deal with these threats wherever they are found. With a world rapidly becoming more bizarre and dangerous than ever before as the supervillains arise, these agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. are ready to take them on. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) S.H.I.E.L.D has now began a fresh start after the event of Captain America: The Winter Soldier, with Phil Coulson now the new director of S.H.I.E.L.D and staying in the shadows with new recruits, it's up to him and his team to stop HYDRA from taking scientific weapons to create terrorist attacks. After the events of Avengers one, the Stratiegic Homeland Intervention Enforcement: Logistics Division (S.H.I.E.L.D.) needs a team of agents to find out and fix alien events. This team includes Ward, May, Skye, Simmons, Fitz, and the man who lives, Agent Phil Coulson. This show follows the events of this team of many different skill and has many tie ins to the MCU movies. After the events of Avengers one, the Stratiegic Homeland Intervention Enforcement: Logistics Division (S.H.I.E.L.D.) needs a team of agents to find out and fix alien events. This team includes May, Daisy, Simmons, Fitz, and the man who lives, Agent Phil Coulson. This show follows the events of this team of many different skill and has many tie ins to the MCU movies. Phil Coulson heads an elite team of fellow agents with the worldwide law-enforcement organization known as S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division), as they investigate strange occurrences around the globe. Its members -- each of whom brings a specialty to the group -- work with Coulson to protect those who cannot protect themselves from extraordinary and inconceivable threats. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. ( Clark Gregg ) returns to the worldwide law enforcement organization S.H.I.E.L.D. He puts together a small, highly trained, team of Agents to tackle the cases that havent been classified yet, the new, the strange and the unknown. That team consists of straight arrow Agent ( Brett Dalton ), an expert in combat and espionage; pilot and martial artist Agent ( Ming-Na Wen ); and brilliant if socially awkward scientists Agent ( Iain De Caestecker ) and Agent ( Elizabeth Henstridge ). They will be joined by civilian new recruit and computer hacker ( Chloe Bennet ). 