nm0000113:

 Miss Congeniality (2000)431) An F.B.I. Agent must go undercover in the Miss United States beauty pageant to prevent a group from bombing the event. Undercover F.B.I. Agent Gracie Hart shows no signs of having any femininity in her demeanor or appearance. Generally a bright and capable Agent, she is in trouble at work when she makes an error in judgment in a case which results in a near disaster. As such, one of her by-the-books colleagues, Eric Matthews, who has never shown any inclination of thinking outside the box, is assigned to lead the high profile case of a terrorist coined The Citizen instead of her, while she is facing possible disciplinary action. Gracie pieces together the evidence to determine that The Citizen's next target will be the Miss United States beauty pageant. The pageant represents everything that Gracie abhors. Despite Gracie's mannish demeanor, Eric, with no other undercover female Agent remotely fitting the demographic, assigns her to go undercover as a pageant contestant to see if she can flush out The Citizen, who is perhaps one of the other contestants. Although the pageant administration, led by former winner Cathy Morningside and long time host Stan Fields, provide the F.B.I. with access to the pageant, Cathy in particular is less than thrilled to have a non-credible Gracie posing as a contestant, which she feels will ruin the pageant. The F.B.I. enlist the assistance of former pageant contestant coach Victor Melling, who is facing his own disgrace associated with the pageant, to do the nearly impossible task of transforming Gracie, not only into a woman, but a credible beauty pageant contestant. As Gracie proceeds in the transformation, she gets to know the other contestants, not only as potential criminals, but also as real people. She also discovers that another sinister element is present at the pageant. She will do whatever it takes to quash that element and protect her new friends, namely the other innocent contestants. But now displaying some femininity, Gracie begins to have more womanly feelings, and in turn, attracts the attention of men, one in particular about whom she is happy. Huggo When a serial killer indicates that his next target is the Miss United States beauty pageant, the F.B.I. decides that they must get an undercover Agent as a participant in the contest. A search uncovers no suitable candidate other than a bumbling female Agent. Reluctantly, her Captain agrees to let her join the team working the case. The team is led by a womanizing Agent who has an apparent reluctant attraction to Bullock's character. She enters as Miss New Jersey, replacing a contestant who was discovered to have acted in a porn movie. The pageant managers are immediately aghast about the Agent appearing in the pageant, but arrange a top handler to come give her a quick make-over, with the expected outstanding results. Unfortunately, she still is bumbling. When the killer is suddenly caught, everything seems to be over, except the female Agent tries to convince her boss that something is still not right. She has discovered that the pageant managers are being dismissed after twenty-one years for younger people, and Bergen's character may not be as solid as she seems on the surface. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in 1982 at a school where one boy is bullying another. We see Gracie Hart as a child ( Mary Ashleigh Green ) who steps in to the fight, beats up the bully and tries to help the victim, whom she likes. However, the boy feels humiliated about being rescued "by a girl" and rudely rejects her. She responds by punching the boy in the nose, then leaves to sulk alone. Many years later, Gracie Hart ( Sandra Bullock ) is a tough Special Agent working for the Federal Bureau of Investigation with Eric Matthews ( Benjamin Bratt ). In a sting operation against Russian mobsters, she disobeys the orders of her superior ( Ernie Hudson ) and tries to stop their target, a mob boss, from choking. Because of her actions one of her squad gets shot. As punishment, she is demoted to a desk job. The agency is soon alerted to a threat against the 75th annual Miss United States beauty pageant in San Antonio, Texas by a letter from a notorious domestic terrorist known only as "The Citizen". Eric is elected to lead the mission to stop a supposed attack. Eric relies on Gracie's suggestions, but ends up taking credit for them himself. One of Gracie's ideas is to plant an undercover agent at the event. A computer search identifies Gracie as the female FBI agent best qualified to take the role, and the cover for her is to be a replacement for Miss New Jersey, as the original would have been disqualified after she was discovered to have been in a porn film, although Gracie pays little attention to her femininity. Beauty pageant coach Victor Melling ( Michael Caine ), whose reputation was ruined after his last contestant criticized his methods, teaches the tomboyish Gracie how to dress, walk, and act like a contestant. She is unused to such behavior, however, and sees the pageant and its participants as "outdated and anti-feminist", but despite being appalled at first, she comes to appreciate Victor's thoroughness. Gracie enters the pageant as "Gracie Lou Freebush", representing New Jersey, and soon becomes an unexpected friend of Cheryl Frasier ( Heather Burns ), who is Miss Rhode Island. As the pageant begins, Gracie impresses the audience and judges during the talent competition by playing the glass harp and demonstrating self-defense techniques, when the other girls drink out of the glass harp. Several suspects are identified, including competition director and former pageant winner Kathy Morningside ( Candice Bergen ), her unpleasant assistant Frank Tobin ( Steve Monroe ), veteran MC Stan Fields ( William Shatner ) and Cheryl, who has a history of being a radical animal rights activist. Gracie tries to dig into Cheryl's past when she accompanies her to a party with the other contestants, but inadvertently finds out that Kathy's past as a pageant contestant is suspect when she learns about a previous contest that Kathy won after the contest's leader suddenly came down with food poisoning. Gracie comes to think that Kathy may actually be a copycat of "The Citizen", but when she reports these suspicions to Eric and the rest of the team, she finds out that "The Citizen" has been arrested elsewhere on an unrelated charge. With no further threat identified, the supervisor has pulled the mission, but Gracie still suspects that something is wrong, and turns in her badge and gun in order to continue the pageant investigation alone. Just as Eric is about to board the plane back to the Bureau, he receives information that appears to confirm Gracie's suspicions, and disobeys orders by returning to San Antonio to help her continue the investigation. In the pageant's final round, Gracie surprises everyone, including herself, by being named first runner-up, while Cheryl is crowned as Miss United States, but as she goes to collect the winner's tiara, Gracie realizes that Frank, who is actually Kathy's son, impersonated "The Citizen" when he made the bomb threat against the pageant. Gracie tries to tell Victor, but he just brightens her remarks up and doesn't take her seriously. She next tries constantly to whisper her findings to Eric as she gets up on the stage, but he too is unable to grasp her statements. She then grabs the tiara off Cheryl and throws it up toward the stage's scenery, where it explodes. As Kathy and Frank are both arrested, Gracie determines that they had wanted to kill the winner of the pageant on stage as an act of revenge for Kathy being terminated from the Miss United States organization. That night, Gracie and Eric both make preparations to return to headquarters with a new-found interest in each other. At the post-pageant breakfast the next morning, the contestants name Gracie as "Miss Congeniality". 
 Speed (1994)651) A young police officer must prevent a bomb exploding aboard a city bus by keeping its speed above 50 mph. When a young Los Angeles police department, Special Weapons and Tactics (S.W.A.T.) officer called Jack Traven angers retired Atlanta police department bomb squad member Howard Payne, by foiling his attempt at taking hostages stuck in an elevator with a bomb, Payne in retaliation arms a bus with a bomb that will explode if it drops below 50 miles per hour. With the help of spunky passenger Annie, Jack and his partner Detective Harry Temple try to save the people on the bus before the bomb goes off, while also trying to figure out how Payne is monitoring them. Jwelch5742 A retired Atlanta Police Department bomb squad explosives expert, called Howard Payne, tries to extort money by threatening to kill some people, trapped in a Los Angeles Skyscraper's elevator, with explosives. The city is about to give in when rookie Los Angeles Police Department (L.A.P.D.) Special Weapons and Tactics (S.W.A.T.) officer Jack Traven stops him. Jack and his partner, Detective Harry Temple find Payne and corner him but instead of giving in he blows himself up. He is believed to be dead but has actually escaped and tries again to extort money from the city. This time he has placed a bomb on a bus that will arm itself once it reaches 50 mph and will explode if it drops below that speed. Payne dares Jack to stop him and tells whereabouts of where the bus will soon be and the rules of his twisted game. If Jack or the LAPD try and unload any passengers off the bus, Payne will detonate it. Jack tries to stop the bus before the bomb is armed but it's too late; all he can do now is to keep it going. With Harry trying to find Payne and Jack running out of Freeway and gas - This is one bus ride no one wants to miss. rcs0411@yahoo.com Jack Traven is a young Special Weapons and Tactics (S.W.A.T.) officer in the Los Angeles police department. One morning Jack witnesses a bus explode and Jack receives a phone call from Howard Payne, a retired Atlanta bomb squad explosives expert gone bad, Payne has wired a passenger bus to explode, where if the bus speeds at 50 miles per hour the bomb is armed, if the bus slows down and drops below 50 miles per hour the bus will explode. Payne demands $3-millions dollars and Jack or any of the passengers tries to get off the bus, he will detonate the bomb. Managing to get on the bus, Jack with help of one of the passengers, Annie who is driving the bus when the driver is injured, tries to keep the passengers alive and guide the bus through the traffic and keep the bus speeding at 50 miles per hour, as the S.W.A.T team and Jack's partner, explosives expert Detective Harry Temple set to discover Payne's location and find a way to disarm the bomb before the bomb explodes when the bus runs out of gas. Daniel Williamson In a downtown high-rise building in Los Angeles, a psychopathic bomber and extortionist rigs an elevator full of people to plummet into the basement if his $3-million demand is not met. When Los Angeles Police Department (L.A.P.D.) Special Weapons and Tactics (S.W.A.T.) Officers Jack Traven and Harry Temple foil the bomber's plan and rescue the hostages, the bomber retaliates. First he blows up a city bus, then contacts Traven to warn him that a second bus has a bomb attached to it. Once that bus hits 50mph, the bomb is armed. If it drops below 50, it will explode. The bomber also warns Jack that if any attempt at rescue is made, the bomb will also explode. Jack races down the freeway and manages to board the bus. When an accident injures the driver, young bus passenger Annie Porter is forced to take over behind the wheel and keep the bus running at 50 in order to stay alive. Will Jack and his fellow S.W.A.T. members be able to stop the psychopathic bomber - or will the passengers be killed when the bus runs out of gas? Derek O'Cain Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a downtown Los Angeles office building, a security guard is checking the basement when he runs across a man tinkering with some wiring. Asking to see a work order, the man suddenly stabs the guard in the ear, telling him "Nothing personal." A group of people who work in the building are taking an express elevator down when a few explosions are heard, the cables are severed and the elevator plummets a few floors before the emergency brakes stop it. The Los Angeles Police department dispatch their Special Weapons And Tactics (S.W.A.T.) team, including hotshot Officer Jack Traven (Keanu Reeves) and his partner, Officer Harry Temple (Jeff Daniels). They join their team and their boss Lieutenant Herb "Mac" McMahon (Joe Morton) briefs them all on the situation: bombs have already severed the main cables and the only thing keeping the elevator from dropping to the basement is the emergency brakes but the bomber has wired them with explosives and has given a one-hour ultimatum: pay him $3.7 million, or he will blow the brakes. Both Jack and Harry use building access panels to examine the bomb. Harry, the SWAT team's bomb expert, says the work doesn't look familiar but the bomber is definitely a professional. While they wait, Harry quizzes Jack: Jack is at an airport when a woman is taken hostage. The kidnapper is almost to a plane, what does Jack do? Jack suggests shooting the hostage with a non-lethal wound so the kidnapper can't take them with him. Harry scoffs, telling Jack he's crazy for the idea of shooting a civilian. Musing further about taking the hostage "out of the equation" Jack suddenly comes up with the idea to use a window cleaner's crane on the roof as a way to hopefully help get the passengers off the rigged car. However, the mystery bomber has bugged the express elevator and is listening to everything the pair say and do in an empty freight elevator nearby. Suspecting something is up, he blows the emergency brakes, and the elevator begins to plummet. The crane cable stops the elevator for a short time between two floors, where Harry and Jack manage to get the passengers unloaded before the crane pulls free of it's base and the elevator plummets to the bottom. Harry notes that the explosion happened three minutes earlier than the time limit given. Jack suggests that the bomber is nearby, while Harry tells him that the bomber could have set off the charges from miles away. Harry suggests the bomber would want to stay mobile. With the main elevators having been shut down, Jack deduces that the bomber must be aboard a freight elevator in the building. Harry and Jack soon find the freight elevator and they try to get to him but he has also bugged the outside of the freight car and hears them coming. The bomber, Howard Payne (Dennis Hopper), although his name is not yet known at this point, starts shooting at them with a shotgun, dropping Harry into the elevator car. He uses a control device he's wired to the car's control panel to raise the car to the top of the building, forcing Jack to jump into the car before he is squashed by the roof. Payne is about to shoot Jack but has run out of ammo. He quickly shows that he has wired himself with explosives and holds Harry hostage before Jack can get a clean shot at him. He uses his device to trick Jack and Harry's team into thinking they're getting off on a different floor but they arrive at a parking level instead. Payne attempts to take Harry with him to the building's parking garage, but Jack, recalling the scenario he and Harry had discussed earlier, shoots Harry in the leg, preventing Payne from taking Harry any further and causing Payne to drop him. Payne makes a dash out the door, but before Jack can get to him, the explosives go off, knocking him back. Some time afterwards, a commendation ceremony is held in which Jack and Harry are congratulated for their services and are given medals for their valor in saving the hostages and stopping the bomber. Harry is promoted to Detective and put on desk duty till he's injured leg heals. The pair go to a bar where they and their colleagues celebrate their victory. An inebriated Harry tells Jack to be more cautious in his work because his recklessness could get him killed. The next day, Jack stops into a small coffee shop for a drink. As he goes out to his car, a bus that had pulled away explodes and bursts into flames. A payphone nearby rings, and Jack is surprised to hear Payne's voice on the line. Payne explains that he had spent 2 years planning the 'elevator job,' and chastises Jack for ruining his 'life's work.' The bomber then goes on to explain that he has planted another bomb on an LA city bus, which will be armed the moment the bus passes 50 mph and then will detonate if the bus drops below that speed. Payne also explains that if any passengers are removed from the bus, he will detonate it himself, and demands a ransom of $3.7 million (the same amount he'd demanded during the elevator kidnapping) by 11 am. Furthermore, he knows that the bus' radio is out of order, so alerting the transit authority is useless. Payne gives the bus number, 2525, and Jack takes off to catch up to it. Jack manages to catch up to the bus en route, but when he frantically tries to get the bus driver to open the doors, the driver ignores him, thinking it's a prank. Jack then commandeers a Jaguar and again catches up to the bus. After a mad struggle, Jack manages to relay to the driver that there is a bomb on the bus, and manages to board, jumping from the moving car into the bus' door. Harry is also alerted by Jack through the Jaguar owner's cellular phone. Jack attempts to calm the bus passengers, but an altercation with one man wielding a gun, fearing that Jack has come to arrest him, forces a struggle and the bus driver is shot and wounded. A young woman named Annie Porter (Sandra Bullock) takes the wheel, planning to hit the brakes. Jack sharply orders her not to stop the bus and informs the passengers about the bomb. At the suggestion of the injured driver, Jack opens an access panel in the bus floor, and finds a decoy and then the real bomb, which is alarmingly large. Relaying the info to Harry, Harry is perplexed at Jack's observation that the timer for the bomb is attached to a cheap gold watch. Harry's suspicions turn to the prospect that their mad bomber may be a former officer, and he has his staff start looking over information about officers who have worked with bombs or on bomb squads. Back on the bus, a traffic jam on the freeway forces Annie to divert the bus onto city streets instead. There, with an LAPD helicopter following the bus with Lieutenant McMahon on board trying to arrange a survivable route, the occupants of the bus have a terrifying ordeal as Annie and Jack must deal with every conceivable obstacle that threatens to fatally slow the bus as it is forced to careen through the streets. These include being forced to take a one-way lane against opposing traffic and a collision with a baby carriage that is sent flying but is mercifully only carrying empty cans. Eventually, a police escort arrives to guide the bus to the unfinished and empty 105 freeway. The first entrance, a soft right turn, is blocked by a group of school kids crossing at the worst possible time and Annie & Jack are forced to make a hard right turn that nearly spills the bus on its side. Once on the freeway, McMahon and a number of officers board a flatbed truck that pulls up next to the bus. McMahon wants to get the people off, but Jack explains that the news helicopters in the air are televising the event, and that Payne will detonate the bus if anyone gets off. Jack soon receives a call from Payne in regards to what is being seen on television. Jack manages to get Payne to agree to let the wounded bus driver off, though Payne tells Jack that 'the wildcat behind the wheel' is not to slow down. However, a passenger named Helen (Beth Grant) gets edgy and attempts to get off the bus. As she stands over the entrance-way stairs, the smaller charge is set off and destroys the platform. Helen falls under the bus and is crushed under the wheels. During a few moments of relative calm, Annie tearfully confesses that she was profoundly relieved that the blast was not of the main bomb and she herself survived. Jack reassures Annie that is a perfectly normal human response to an extreme situation and she has nothing to regret while reminding her that the real person to blame is the bomber who put everyone in this situation in the first place. McMahon is then informed that the 105 freeway is unfinished, and a stretch of roadway ahead contains a 50 foot gap. Jack is informed of this but still refuses to take any passengers off. Desperately, Jack then instructs Annie to increase the speed, figuring there may be an incline that will allow them to jump the bus over the gap. Miraculously, his plan works, and the bus makes it to the other side. Once over, Jack finds an off-ramp that leads to Los Angeles International Airport. Annie takes it, and enters through an airport exit, running over a pair of spike strips that blow a few of the tires. Jack's plan is to keep the news helicopter cameras from following them. Because the airport is restricted airspace, they can't fly over it. The long runways that are not in use will also allow the bus to circle and keep it out of civilian traffic and buy time until they can find Payne or deactivate the bomb. Lieutenant McMahon soon shows up at the airport with some more cops and Jack convinces Payne to let him disembark the to negotiate the ransom which Payne agrees too. Jack reassures the passengers that he will be back shortly to help them. Jack gets off the bus onto a vehicle with Lieutenant McMahon who feels they should be able to unload the passengers safely, but Jack is still convinced that Payne will know, leaving only one option; disarm the bomb. To the passengers' alarm, Jack has arranged to put himself onto a small-wheeled dolly attached by a cable to a small truck and sent under the still-moving bus, hoping to dismantle the bomb under guidance from Harry and the Bomb Squad. However, Payne had fitted the bomb with a collapsible circuit and Jack is unable to disarm it. Harry is still thinking of alternative ways to disarm the bomb when his associates come back with Payne's identity. Payne turns out to be a former member of the Atlanta Police Department's bomb squad who was forced into early retirement when a bomb he was disarming exploded, burning his hand and costing him a thumb. Harry and his associates rush off to apprehend Howard. Jack soon comes close to death when the cable towing the dolly he's on gives way, and he is almost run over by the bus. Jack clings to the undercarriage of the bus but accidentally punctures the fuel tank with a screwdriver. The passengers on the bus help Jack up through an access panel in the bus' floor, and he survives. With leaking fuel a new problem, Jack calls for a fueling vehicle to pace the bus and refuel them. Meanwhile, Harry and some other members of the LAPD SWAT team that weren't at the airport have staked out and entered Payne's home. They soon find he is not there and that has bobby trapped the house with explosives which they triggered upon entry. The house then explodes killing everyone inside, including Harry. After the bomb goes off, Payne calls Jack and gloats over Harry's death, saying it was his old watch that helped Harry identify him. Payne then gives Jack instructions to deliver the $3.7 million ransom to a garbage can at Pershing Square downtown, mentioning that everyone on the bus will die if he doesn't get his money, referring to Annie as a "wildcat" again. Jack has a meltdown over Harry's death and is unsure what to do next, accepting that Payne might actually win he suddenly notices the sweatshirt Annie had been wearing, which contains the logo for the Arizona Wildcats. Jack realizes that Payne has been monitoring the bus through the security camera above the bus driver's seat. Though the camera can record video, it cannot record audio. Jack radios over to McMahon regarding his plan. McMahon gets all the news vans nearby to stop taping and commandeers one to find the signal going into the bus camera. With everyone sitting still on the bus, the news team records them, gathering enough footage to run a video loop to fool Payne. However, Annie notes that the fuel is almost on empty, and McMahon is forced to have the tape loop with only a minute of footage having been recorded. An airport bus is brought alongside bus 2525, and the passengers are unloaded. However, the tires that had been punctured once the bus went through the airport's exits continue to lose their treads, and Annie and Jack are unable to get off. Jack affixes the steering wheel with some rope, the gas pedal with a steel pipe, and the two escape from under the bus using the access panel. The bus drives a ways off, before heading towards an empty cargo plane. As the speed drops below 50, the bus runs straight into a cargo plane and explodes. After the passengers are treated by paramedics, the police receive a call from Payne wanting to know about the money. McMahon is about to tell Payne off, but Jack realizes that Payne does not know the bus exploded, giving them the advantage to capture the madman. The money is placed in bags and dropped into the garbage container Payne had specified, with a couple of paint bombs among the cash. A number of officers (including SWAT units) patrol Pershing Square, with Payne watching from an overhead building's window. Payne thinks he's won, until he notices the bus camera, and realizes that the tape is on a loop. Payne quickly puts on his old uniform, and blending in with the other officers, walks over to Annie, and escorts her away from the scene, saying that he'd been sent by Jack. Jack and a number of officers are watching the garbage can, but no one has appeared. Jack suddenly demands they turn on the homing beacon with the money... and all of them are surprised to see that the money is in motion. Jack rushes out to the garbage can, and finds that there is a hole below it in the pavement, leading down to a level under the street. Jack finds an entrance to the area below street level and is confronted with Annie strapped with explosives, and Payne standing nearby, holding a detonator. Payne chastises Jack a bit before making his way to the Los Angeles subway system, with Jack jumping aboard as it pulls away, crawling across the top. Payne handcuffs Annie to a pole, and shoots and kills the train driver. Payne then explains his plan to Annie: he intends to get off the train with the money, but leave her to explode, leading the police to think they both died on the subway. Payne's overzealous nature gets the better of him, as he hears Jack climbing on top of the train car. Playfully claiming he may be able to bribe Jack into letting him go, Payne reaches into the sack of money, only to set off the hidden dye pack bomb, ruining the money and covering him in purple dye. Enraged, Payne then climbs up the side of the train car on the outside and goes hand-to-hand with Jack. As they fight, Jack notices a low-overhanging light approaching and holds Payne's head up while seizing the detonator to Annie's bomb from Payne. The light decapitates Payne, and his body falls over the side of the car. Jack then enters the car and manages to get the explosives off Annie. However, he does not have the key to her handcuffs, and when Payne shot the train driver some stray bullets hit the control panel rendering the brakes inoperable. A rail-map shows Jack that there's a sharp curve ahead. He speeds up the train with the intention of derailing it. The plan works and Annie is freed from the bar. The train barrels out of an incomplete stretch of track right in front of the Chinese Theater in Hollywood. It lands on its side and comes to a halt. None of the workers on the subway tunnel are hurt. Annie and Jack are both alive and as they kiss, a number of tourists and others whom the train has stopped traffic for, come over to look at the strange spectacle. 
 Gravity (2013)871) Two astronauts work together to survive after an accident leaves them stranded in space. Dr. Ryan Stone ( Sandra Bullock ) is a brilliant medical engineer on her first shuttle mission, with veteran astronaut Matt Kowalski ( George Clooney ) in command of his last flight before retiring. But on a seemingly routine spacewalk, disaster strikes. The shuttle is destroyed, leaving Stone and Kowalsky completely alone - tethered to nothing but each other and spiraling out into the blackness. MuTaTeD The crew of the Space Shuttle Explorer is working on the STS-157 mission. Mission Commander Matt Kowalski, medical engineer Dr. Ryan Stone - who is on her first ever space mission - and flight engineer Shariff Dasari are on a space walk when they learn from Houston control that an explosion has just occurred at a Russian satellite. Before the crew can do anything about it, the explosion debris comes hurtling toward Explorer, irreparably damaging the shuttle and station, immediately killing all the crew except Kowalski and Stone, and knocking out at least incoming communication with Houston control, although they have no idea if there is outgoing communication. The two are left in a precarious position as Stone is untethered with quickly decreasing oxygen on her person meaning that Kowalski has to retrieve her quickly if she has any chance of survival. Even if he can retrieve her and get her some oxygen, they have the difficult task of trying to get to another satellite with whatever equipment is on hand, and from there ultimately back to Earth. Through the process, they are often on their own without the other leading to an extreme feeling of isolation which leads to individual questions and ultimate decisions about their own mortality and what may be best for the other at the expense of oneself. Huggo The veteran astronaut Matt Kowalski is in charge of the Shuttle Explorer's STS-157 mission to repair of the Hubble Telescope by the rookie specialist Ryan Stone. Out of the blue, Houston control aborts the mission warning that a Russian missile hit a satellite, causing a chain reaction and now there is a storm of debris coming upon them. Soon they lose communication with the Mission Control in Houston. The debris strike the Explorer and Ryan is released from the shuttle and Kowalski is forced to bring her back to the shuttle. However, the Explorer is completely damaged and now their only chance to return to Earth is to reach another space station. But they are short of oxygen and fuel. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Dr. Ryan Stone is a medical engineer on her first shuttle mission. Her commander is veteran astronaut Matt Kowalsky, helming his last flight before retirement. Then, during a routine space walk by the pair, disaster strikes: The shuttle is destroyed, leaving Ryan and Matt stranded in deep space with no link to Earth and no hope of rescue. As fear turns to panic, they realize that the only way home may be to venture further into space. Jwelch5742 On her very first mission to outer space aboard the NASA space shuttle, Explorer, the novice biomedical engineer, Dr Ryan Stone, and the seasoned astronaut on his last operation before retiring, Matt Kowalski, come face-to-face with an irrevocable disaster. Unexpectedly, during a routine spacewalk, dangerous space debris from a crippled Russian satellite inflict devastating damage to the American shuttle, leaving Stone and Kowalski struggling to survive in deep space. Completely cut off, vulnerable, and without enough air, the two stranded cosmonauts must give battle against the empty void to return to Mother Earth, before they find themselves marooned forever in orbit. However, can they make it in time? Nick Riganas Director Alfonso Cuaron's Gravity stars Sandra Bullock as Dr. Ryan Stone, a scientist on a space shuttle mission headed by astronaut Matt Kowalsky (George Clooney), a talkative, charismatic leader full of colorful stories that he shares with his crew mates as well as mission control. As the two are on a space walk, debris hits the area where they are working, and soon the pair finds themselves detached from their ship and stranded in space. While figuring out what steps they can take to save themselves, Stone grapples with a painful past that makes her consider giving up altogether.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2014/2015, bio-medical engineer Dr. Ryan Stone ( Sandra Bullock ) is a Mission Specialist on her first space shuttle mission, STS-157. She is on a spacewalk repairing a panel on the Hubble Space Telescope, accompanied by veteran astronaut Matt Kowalski ( George Clooney ), who is commanding his final expedition. Mission Control (voice of Ed Harris ) suddenly instructs them to abort their spacewalk and return to the STS. Houston tells them that debris from a Russian missile strike on a defunct satellite has caused a chain reaction, destroying other satellites, and a huge debris field is heading right at them. Within a couple of minutes, they lose contact with Mission Control, though Stone and Kowalski continue to transmit "in the blind", hoping that the ground crew can hear them. High-speed debris strike the STS, sending it spinning wildly, with Stone at the end of the boom arm. A piece of debris breaks the robot arm off from the STS, and Stone is forced to release the tether holding her to the robot arm. Once free, she is thrown far from the STS. Stone panics, trying to contact Houston or Kowalski. Kowalski, who is wearing a thruster pack, suddenly appears and attaches her tether to him. He flies them back to the STS; on the way they find the engineer Shariff ( Phaldut Sharma ), his helmet smashed and his skull mostly open and empty. They find that the STS Explorer has been catastrophically damaged. The shuttle's interior has been ripped open by debris and the remainder of crew are dead. Kowalski decides to use the thruster pack to get to the International Space Station (ISS), which is in orbit about 100 km (60 mi) away. Kowalski estimates they have 90 minutes before the debris field completes an orbit and threatens them again. With Stone's oxygen reserve running low, they float through space to the ISS. Kowalski asks Stone about her life back home and learns that her daughter died in a schoolyard accident. As they approach the slightly damaged ISS, they see that its crew has already evacuated in one of the Soyuz modules and that the parachute of the other Soyuz, designated TMA-14M, has accidentally deployed, making it useless for return to Earth. Kowalski says that the Soyuz can still be used to travel to Tiangong, the nearby Chinese space station, to retrieve another module that can take them to Earth. All but out of air and maneuvering fuel for the thruster pack, the two try to grab onto the ISS as they zoom by. The tether holding them together breaks and at the last moment, Stone's leg becomes entangled in the Soyuz's parachute lines. Stone grabs Kowalski's tether, just barely stopping him from flying off into space. Kowalski realizes that his momentum will carry them both away, and over Stone's protests, he decouples his end of the tether so that Stone can survive. The tension in the lines pulls her back towards the ISS. As Kowalski floats away, he radios her with additional instructions about how to get to the Chinese space station, encouraging her to continue her survival mission. Stone enters the ISS through an airlock and gets out of the spacesuit. She begins to get familiarized with the ISS when an alarm suddenly alerts her to a fire. She makes her way to the module where the fire is and attempts to put it out, but she is momentarily stunned when the force of the extinguisher thrusts her backward into the bulkhead. She recovers and knocks the flames down again and pushes through them towards the Soyuz. With the fire closing in, she closes the hatch, pulling in the fire extinguisher at the last moment when it blocks the hatch. She separates from the ISS only to find that the Soyuz's parachute lines are entangled in the station's rigging. She dons a Soviet spacesuit and exits the spacecraft to release the cables when the debris field completes its orbit. Clinging to the Soyuz, the ISS is destroyed around her. Free of the ISS and the parachute lines, Stone reenters the spacecraft and aligns it with Tiangong. She fires the thrusters but the fuel gauge is wrong: the tanks are empty. Stone realizes she is stranded and believes she'll die. After listening to an Inuit fisherman named Aningaaq (voice of Orto Ignatiussen ) on the ground speak to her, she slows the oxygen flow which will cause her to fall into unconsciousness from lack of oxygen before she dies. As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski suddenly appears outside, opens the spacecraft lock, and enters the cabin. He cheerfully asks her if she wants to live or die. He tells her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to reach Tiangong. As she returns to full consciousness, Kowalski is gone, part of a hallucinatory dream. Stone restores the flow of oxygen and uses the landing thrusters to navigate towards Tiangong. With no fuel to slow or to dock the Soyuz with the Chinese station, Stone ejects herself from the Soyuz via explosive decompression. She uses the remaining pressure in the fire extinguisher as a makeshift thruster to push herself towards Tiangong, which has also been abandoned. She enters the Tiangong space station and makes her way through its interior to the Shenzhou capsule. The Tiangong station's orbit has deteriorated due to hits by the debris field and it begins to break up on the upper edge of the atmosphere. Stone is unable to separate the capsule from the space station, and she resigns herself to her fate, whatever it may be. As the space stations begins to break up, the Shenzhou capsule is broken off from the station, and Stone fires the device that separates the capsule from the rest of the spacecraft. As the capsule falls towards earth, it rights itself and descends through the atmosphere. The radio crackles with traffic from Mission Control, who are tracking the capsule, and tell her that rescue is on its way. The chute automatically deploys and Stone lands in a lake near the shore. The cabin is full of smoke, and after she blows the hatch the capsule tilts, allowing water to enter. Just when she thought she was safe, she's unable to exit the capsule. The capsule sinks to the bottom with Stone inside. Stone finds a bubble of air inside the capsule and exits the capsule, shedding her spacesuit so she can get to the surface. She swims to shore and with difficulty, gets up and takes a few shaky steps. 
 The Proposal (I) (2009)Summaries A pushy boss forces her young assistant to marry her in order to keep her visa status in the U.S. and avoid deportation to Canada. For three years, Andrew Paxton has slaved as the assistant to Margaret Tate, hard-driving editor at a New York publisher. When Margaret, a Canadian, faces deportation for an expired visa, she hatches a scheme to marry Andrew - he agrees if she'll promise a promotion. A skeptical INS agent vows to test the couple about each other the next Monday. Andrew had plans to fly home that weekend for his grandma's 90th, so Margaret goes with him - to Sitka, Alaska - where mom, dad, and grams await. Family dynamics take over: tensions between dad and Andrew, an ex-girlfriend, Andrew's dislike of Margaret, and her past color the next few days, with the INS ready to charge Andrew with fraud. <jhailey@hotmail.com> In New York, Margaret Tate is a successful self-made chief-editor of the Ruick & Hunt Publishing and loathed by her coworkers. Margaret lost her parents when she was sixteen and is tough with the employees of the office. Her executive assistant and aspirant editor Andrew Paxton has been working with her for three years without any recognition. When Margaret has problems with the immigration due to an expired visa and is threatened with deportation, she blackmails Andrew to agree to marry her. In return, he would be promoted to editor and she would publish his book. Meanwhile, the skeptical clerk of the immigration department Mr. Gilbertson schedules an interview with Margaret and Andrew after the weekend. The couple travels to Sitka, Alaska, to celebrate the ninetieth birthday of Andrew's grandmother and Margaret is welcomed by his warming family. Over the weekend, she grows closer to Andrew's family who ask her to marry Andrew in their barn, a family tradition in the Paxton family. And the tension increases when Mr. Gilbertson appears out of the blue in Sitka promising to charge Andrew for fraud. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 