nm0000207:

 Casper (1995)761) An afterlife therapist and his daughter meet a friendly young ghost when they move into a crumbling mansion in order to rid the premises of wicked spirits. Furious that her late father only willed her his gloomy-looking mansion rather than his millions, Carrigan Crittenden (Cathy Moriarty) is ready to burn the place to the ground when she discovers a map to a treasure hidden in the house. But when she enters the rickety mansion to seek her claim, she is frightened away by a wicked wave of ghosts. Determined to get her hands on this hidden fortune, she hires afterlife therapist Dr. James Harvey (Bill Pullman) to exorcise the ghosts from the mansion. Harvey and his daughter Kat (Christina Ricci) move in, and soon Kat meets Casper (Malachi Pearson), the ghost of a young boy who's "the friendliest ghost you know". But not so friendly are Casper's uncles,- Stretch (Joe Nipote), Fatso (Brad Garrett), and Stinkie (Joe Alaskey) - who are determined to drive all "fleshies" away. Ultimately, it is up to James and Kat to help the ghosts cross over to the other side. Joshua Davis <xtnb64a@prodigy.com> Kat (Christina Ricci) and her dad, Dr. James Harvey (Bill Pullman) head to an old house that is haunted by ghosts. Dr. Harvey's job is to get the ghosts out of the house so they can cross over to the other side. After they move in to the house, Kat meets a ghost named Casper (Malachi Pearson), who is in love with Kat. His one wish is to be human again and maybe he can win the girl. Casper (Malachi Pearson), a friendly ghost who lived in an abandon Haunted Mansion called Whipstaff Manor in Friendship, Maine, along with his three obnoxious, ghostly uncles: Stretch (Joe Nipote), Stinkie (Joe Alaskey), and Fatso (Brad Garrett), has been hoping to find a friend for over one hundred years. When a spoiled woman named Carrigan Crittenden (Cathy Moriarty) is angry about her late father's will to Whipstaff, she soon discovers that there is treasure hidden inside the Mansion, so she along with her partner: Paul "Dibs" Plutzker (Eric Idle), arrive at Whipstaff to seek it out. When Casper introduces himself to them, they are frightened by him and his uncles who scares them off, leading Carrigan and Dibs to try several attempts to get them out of the house, but to no avail. Thanks to Casper, they hire Dr. James Harvey (Bill Pullman), a ghost therapist who contacts with the living dead and helps them crossover to the other dimension while trying to search for his deceased wife: Ameila (Amy Brenneman). Once Harvey arrives at Whipstaff along with his daughter: Kathleen "Kat" Harvey (Christina Ricci), Casper develops a crush on Kat and tries to make friends with her and Harvey, but his uncles attempt to scare them away. A friendly, but lonely ghost boy name Casper (Malachi Pearson) has spent most of his years in the afterlife living in an old mansion called Whipstaff Manor with his three dastardly uncles while hoping to find a friend. When the Manor's greedy owner, named Carrigan Crittenden (Cathy Moriarty) and her partner: Paul "Dibs" Plutzker (Eric Idle) hire a ghost therapist named Dr. James Harvey (Bill Pullman) to remove the ghosts from the mansion, just so they can collect the treasure contained in the mansion. Casper falls madly in love with the therapist's loner teenage daughter named Kat (Christina Ricci), who is also looking for a friend. Unfortunately, it creates a distance between them since Casper is a ghost, therefore, Kat can't be with him. After regaining some of his old memories before he passed away, Casper discovers the secret that would bring him back to life, so he and Kat seek out to find it while Carrigan and Dibs want to use it for their own intention. The eternally irritable Ms. Carrigan Crittenden (Cathy Moriarty) discovers that the only thing she's been left in her recently departed father's will is a rickety old house in New England. Naturally, the woman is furious about this, until her "close personal friend" and assistant, Paul "Dibs" Plutzker (Eric Idle), discovers a secret message that a treasure may be concealed somewhere in the house. The two take off for Friendship, Maine, only to learn that the house is haunted by Casper (Malachi Pearson) "the friendly ghost" and his three ghostly uncles Stinkie (Joe Alaskey), Stretch (Joe Nipote), and Fatso (Brad Garrett). After futilely recruiting an exorcist (Don Novello, as Father Guido Sarducci from Saturday Night Live (1975)) and a "professional ghost exterminator" (Dan Aykroyd), she brings in "ghost psychiatrist" Dr. James Harvey (Bill Pullman) and his daughter Kat (Christina Ricci). Innocently attracted to the young girl, Casper befriends Kat as they try to save the ghosts' home from the evil Carrigan. Eye-popping special effects highlight this magical story that touches (albeit lightly) on the theme of what lies at the heart of human desires. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Steven Spielberg produced this feature starring the friendly ghost created in 1940 by Joe Orolio. A greedy heiress inherits the haunted Whipstaff Manor and discovers that the house contains a treasure, which is guarded by three nasty ghosts. Ghost therapist Dr. James Harvey, and his daughter Kat, move into the mansion to get rid of the supernatural creatures. Kat makes friends with a ghost named Casper, the nephew of the 3 nasty ghosts. 
 Black Snake Moan (2006)431) A God-fearing bluesman takes to a wild young woman who, as a victim of childhood sexual abuse, looks everywhere for love, never quite finding it. In rural Tennessee, Lazarus, a former blues musician who survives by truck farming, finds a young girl nearly beaten to death near his home. She's the white-trash town tramp, molded by a life of sexual abuse at the hands of her father and verbal abuse from her mother, who seems to delight in reminding Rae of her mistake in not aborting her. Lazarus, who is also facing personal crisis at the dissolution of his marriage, nurses Rae back to health, providing her with gentle, fatherly advice as well as an education in blues music. Rae's boyfriend, Ronnie, goaded by the man who nearly beat Rae to death, misunderstands the relationship between Lazarus and Rae, and vows to kill him. Lazarus, exhibiting a street-smart understanding of violence and its motives, calls Ronnie's bluff, senses that he is as troubled as Rae, and becomes a guiding force in the young couple's resurrection. Joe Jurca In Tennessee, the former blues man Lazarus is in crisis, missing his wife that has just left him. He finds the town slut and nymphomaniac Rae dumped on the road nearby his little farm, drugged, beaten and almost dead. Lazarus brings her home, giving medicine and nursing and nourishing her like a father, keeping her chained to control her heat. When her boyfriend Ronnie is discharged from the army due to his anxiety issue, he misunderstands the relationship of Lazarus and Rae, and tries to kill him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This movie is the kind of movie that you go in expecting one thing and come out thinking something entirely different. A lot of times this leaves you with that, expecting orange juice and get a mouthful of sour milk feeling. This is not one of those times. The Movie starts in an ultra small, dirt-poor town in the DEEEEEEP south and we are introduced to the main character Rae (Christina Ricci). She is a needed, underhanded, sex crazed town bike. Her boyfriend Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) has decided to join the military and make a future for the two of them and Rae falls into a virtual hissy fit because she has no idea how she will live without him. Within minutes of Ronnie's bus leaving for boot camp, Rae is taken over by one of her "spells" and ends up in a hotel room with the resident town drug dealer, hustler, thug (and possible linebacker for the NY giants, he bares a striking resemblance to Lawrence Taylor). This is followed by a night of alcohol and drug fueled partying which ends up with her playing naked football and having sex with at least one other guy (yes that is 3 different men in a matter of hours). Her night ends with Ronnie's best friend giving her a ride home. Oddly enough this is the only man in the movie she doesn't throw herself at. She is rewarded for her efforts by being beaten half to death and left in the road, 5 feet from the doorstep of Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson). Lazarus has recently had his wife leave him for his younger brother so he is battling his own demons. He decides that god has placed this young girl in his hands for a reason and he has to do his level best to help this girl (who has spent the first 30 minutes of the film in panties and a cut off shirt...or less). Rae spends the next 2 days in a nearly comatose state waking up only sporadically to fight her crazy dreams and try to climb onto anything rigid. Lazarus decide that in order to protect the girl from herself and possible exorcise her sex demons he should wrap a 40 foot chain around her and confine her to his house. Over the next week both Lazarus and Rae embark on a journey of self-realization and acceptance with the help of a couple of well placed reality checks. (this synopsis first posted on realmoviereview.com) --------------------------------- Rae (Christina Ricci) was a high school slut and nymphomaniac who connects with Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) to fulfill her needs. Ronnie must report to his National Guard unit and leaves Rae all alone. Rae is not alone for long, because she is the town tramp with a powerful need to hook-up with a man. After a party, Rae is taken home by a friend who ends up beating her half to death and throws her on the side of the road. The next day, Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson) finds Rae and carries her home. Lazarus gives medical care to Rae, and believes that he can also save her from herself. Rae is like a dog in heat so Lazarus puts a 40 pound chain around her and his radiator to keep her from going out looking for men. Lazarus has problems of his own, because his wife has just left him for another man. Lazarus turns to his blues music to relieve his pain. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Addams Family Values (1993)761) The Addams Family try to rescue their beloved Uncle Fester from his gold-digging new love, a black widow named Debbie. When an adorable baby boy is added to the Addams household, Wednesday and Pugsley do not hate him, they just aren't necessarily excited about his existence. OK...yeah, they do hate him. So they plot to get rid of him one way or another. Meanwhile, their parents hire a nanny for him and she charms Fester, but has evil intentions for him. The Addamses must stop her, but how? The members of the odd Addams Family are up to more macabre antics in this sequel. This time around, Gomez Addams and his wife Morticia are celebrating the arrival of a new baby boy. But his siblings Wednesday and Pugsley are none too happy about the new addition and try their best to eliminate him. Their parents hire a nanny, Debbie Jellinsky, whose presence leads to a treacherous twist. On any day of the week, you could expect a newborn baby to be nurtured and loved by his older sister. Except, of course, if she's Wednesday Addams. Pubert is the Addams family's latest addition, and to prevent sibling rivalry from escalating to fratricide, Gomez and Morticia send Wednesday and Pugsley to summer camp and hire a nanny. Debbie Jellinsky is great with wrinkly baldies, which makes her the perfect nanny for Pubert...and it looks like she's got her eye on Uncle Fester. But is she gold-digging or grave-digging? Tim McSmythurs <Tim.McSmythurs@swindon.ericsson.se> Uncle Fester falls for Debbie, the nanny the Addamses have hired for their new addition, Pubert. Debbie has her eye on Fester's money, but first she must separate him from his family. Meanwhile, Wednesday and Pugsley are sent to summer camp. Rob Hartill Pugsley and Wednesday Addams aren't happy with the new addition to the family: their new baby brother Pubert. Morticia is restless and Gomez only wants her to be happy, so he tries to fix everyone's problems by hiring a nanny and finally finds the perfect nanny in Debbie: a seemingly-innocent woman with an impeccable wardrobe and a way with her hands. She charms the family, especially Uncle Fester, who falls head-over-heels. But Wednesday and Pugsley see through her sensual faade: she's only after Fester's money. Before they can rat on her, she ships them off to summer camp, then marries Fester. While she tries (and tries and tries) to kill him and make it look accidental, Pugsley and Wednesday must battle ever-cheery camp directors and spoiled rich kids to get back to their family and warn them about Debbie. Mike Lira Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Gomez (Raul Julia) and Morticia Addams (Anjelica Huston) welcome their third child: a mustachioed baby boy named Pubert. Older siblings Wednesday (Christina Ricci) and Pugsley (Jimmy Workman) openly loathe their new brother, and repeatedly attempt to eliminate him by tossing him from the roof of the house, dropping an anvil on him, and decapitating him with a guillotine. Alas, in true Addams style, little Pubert cheats death and mutilation time and time again. He also amuses himself by shooting flaming arrows from his cradle. With the house a shambles, Morticia and Gomez opt to hire a nanny to keep the children in check. Wednesday and Pusgly make short work of every new applicant until the arrival of Debbie Jelinsky (Joan Cusack), a seemingly sweet, chipper, and innocent woman who is hired on the spot. Hapless Uncle Fester (Christopher Lloyd), who had been pining for a romantic relationship, immediately becomes infatuated with the beautiful newcomer. It is revealed that Debbie, unbeknownst to her new employers, is a serial killer who preys on wealthy and lonely men. Knowing of the vast Addams fortune, she had selected Fester as her next victim. She coyly flirts with him, toying with his naive emotions, hoping to marry him and then murder him for his wealth. Debbie's ruse does not fool Wednesday and Pugsly, who make no secret of their suspicions. To remove them from the picture, Debbie persuades Gomez and Morticia to send them to summer camp. To their confusion and horror, Pugsley and Wednesday are sent to the bland and WASP-y Camp Chippewa. Lost in a sea of blond, preppy children, they quickly make enemies with the snobby Amanda Buckman (Mercedes McNab), and the disturbingly cheerful camp owners, Gary and Becky Granger (Peter MacNicol and Christine Baranski). They befriend another misfit, the nerdy Joel Glicker (David Krumholtz), who develops a crush on Wednesday. The three are often sent to the Harmony Hut, a tiny cottage decorated with flowers and inspirational posters, and forced to watch sappy musicals and Disney films as a twisted form of punishment. Though overwhelmed with desire for Debbie, Fester is too shy to speak to her. He recruits Gomez and Morticia to accompany them on a double date for moral support. Fester makes a typical slob of himself on the dinner outing, but Debbie, with the fortune in mind, pretends to return his affections and the two are engaged by the end of the night. Wednesday and Pugsley receive the news of Fester's impending wedding, and resolve to stop him from marrying the two-faced Debbie. Along with Joel, they attempt to sneak out of the camp at night but are caught. They later confirm Debbie's sinister true identity from a pack of Joel's, "Schitzos and Serial Killers" trading cards. The children briefly visit home to attend Fester and Debbie's wedding, which takes place in a graveyard. The newlyweds leave for their Hawaiian honeymoon. While Fester bathes in their hotel room, Debbie attempts to kill him by dropping a radio into the bathtub. She is shocked to find, of course, that Fester is impervious to death and actually seems to enjoy the experience. A frustrated Debbie bribes the (virgin) Fester with sex, telling him that if they make love he can never see his family again. Fester is reluctant to agree, but is soon seduced. He informs Gomez that they can never meet again, and Gomez spirals into depression. Debbie and Fester move into a lavish mansion, where Gomez and Morticia attempt to visit. Fester is still enslaved by Debbie, who banishes her in-laws from the house. Soon after, baby Pubert goes through dramatic emotional and physical changes: he becomes a blond-haired, rosy-cheeked giggling cherub. Morticia and Gomez are horrified. Grandmama (Carol Kane), Morticia's witch mother, determined that the changes were brought on by anxiety due to Fester's departure, and may become permanent if not addressed quickly. The family resolves to win Fester back. Meanwhile, Gary and Becky have arranged the end-of-camp play, an incredibly inaccurate and prejudiced musical about the first Thanksgiving. Amanda Buckman is given the lead role of the Pilgrim heroine Sarah Miller, while Wednesday is cast in the "secondary, but still compellingly written" role of Pocahontas. Pugsley, Joel, and the other misfit campers become even more at odds with the rest of the camp, but Wednesday becomes inexplicably cooperative (and even cracks a smile). At the performance, however, the kids get their revenge. Wednesday, who had been faking her sweet behavior, leads the misfits (dressed as Indians) on a rebellion, burning the stage and tying up other campers. She, Joel, and Pugsley escape by canoe as Gary and Becky are tied to a spit over an open fire. Joel and Wednesday have their first kiss, while Pugsley hijacks a camp van to take them home. For their three-week anniversary, Fester is preparing a fancy dinner for himself and Debbie. Debbie hides a massive bomb in a gift box, leaving it with Fester while she goes out to get champagne. She returns home later to watch the explosion, but is foiled again when an intact Fester emerges intact from the rubble. Debbie then pulls a gun on Fester and prepares to shoot him, but Fester is saved by Thing, the family's loyal disembodied hand, who is driving Debbie's car.They speed off towards the Addams' mansion, with Debbie in hot pursuit. The Addams family has a brief, happy reunion before they are interrupted and captured by a vengeful Debbie who is wielding a shotgun. Debbie straps the family into electric chairs, then explains her life via a slide show, citing an incident on her tenth birthday as the catalyst for her life of crime (her parents bought her Malibu Barbie instead of Ballerina Barbie). Mercifully, baby Pubert manages to get to the attic and splice two loose wires together, reversing the current so that when Debbie throws the switch, she is reduced to a pile of dust and credit cards. Her tombstone is shown to be inscribed: "Debbie Addams, Wife and Psycho". Months later, the family celebrates Pubert's first birthday. After the party, Wednesday and Joel (whom she had invited) visit Debbie's grave. Wednesday claims that Debbie was sloppy for allowing herself to be caught, and that if she herself were to ever marry she would scare her husband to death. Joel scoffs it off, but is suddenly grabbed by a bloody hand that shoots from the ground, as Wednesday gives a knowing smirk. 
 Buffalo '66 (1998)651) After being released from prison, Billy is set to visit his parents with his wife, whom he does not actually have. This provokes Billy to act out, as he kidnaps a girl and forces her to act as his wife for the visit. Billy is released after five years in prison. In the next moment, he kidnaps teenage student Layla and visits his parents with her, pretending she is his girlfriend and they will soon marry (and forcing her to say the same). Anonymous Buffalo, New York. Thirty-something Billy Brown has led a relatively unsatisfying life so far. His happiest times spent at the bowling alley, a game at which he is good. Many of his issues in life are associated with a passion for the Bills, his passion for the local team passed down from his obsessed mother Jan Brown. His father Jimmy's passive-aggressiveness has also been passed down to Billy, a key attribute in his personality. The Bills are indirectly related to his five year stint in prison, from which he has just been released. On this his first day out Billy has two general tasks to accomplish: to visit his parents, and to murder the person he blames for his incarceration. Billy never did tell his parents about being in prison, having told them that he works out of town for the federal government and that he is married. He intends to keep up the ruse when he visits them, telling them that "Wendy" is not feeling well and is at the hotel. When he is forced to produce Wendy, Billy kidnaps a young woman with whom he has a chance encounter, to pretend to be Wendy. She is twenty-eight year old Layla. Billy's time with Layla and another chance encounter with a person who is arguably the largest source of his unhappiness may factor into what happens to Billy on this day, and whether he is destined for another longer stint in prison for murder. Huggo Billy Brown has been in jail, but his parents think that he's married and successful. When he can't find anywhere in Buffalo where he can pee, he runs desperately into a dance studio to use the washroom. He winds up kidnapping a dance student, Layla to bring home and show off to his parents. The parents just barely remember their son or care about him, but Layla falls for him. Alan Jacobs Only one thing could bring Billy's mom any joy: an NFL championship for the Bills. She missed the last championship because she went into labor with Billy. Billy's dad snapped his dog's neck to teach him responsibility. Billy bet ten grand on the Bills to win in the Super Bowl five years before only to lose that bet on a missed field goal. He did five years in prison taking the fall for the bookie he can't repay. Now he's out. He has to do two things while he's out: visit his parents before killing the kicker who not only lost the Super Bowl for the Bills but also put him away. The only problem is he has to piss. He kidnaps a girl from a dance studio where he goes to piss so that she can pose as the fictitious wife from the fictitious life he invented in his letters to his parents from jail. She falls for him instantly. He makes the audience uncomfortable as he ignores her advances as he uses her in his plans to eventually kill the kicker while convincing his parents that he lives far away with his beautiful wife. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Having just served five years in prison for a crime he did not commit, Billy Brown (Gallo)'s first desperate post-incarceration action is to search for somewhere to relieve himself. Oddly enough, the first thing he does is try to go back into the prison he was released from and denied. Then, to impress his dunceish, thoroughly neglectful parents (Ben Gazzara & Anjelica Huston), Billy kidnaps a dance class student named Layla (Ricci) and forces her to pretend to be his wife. Layla allows herself to be kidnapped and it is clear she is romantically attracted to Billy from the start, but Billy all the while is compelled to deal with his own demons, his loneliness and his depression, and it is only at the end that he allows Layla to give him the love and comfort he has been needing all his life. The subplot of Billy seeking revenge on the man indirectly responsible for his imprisonment, Scott Wood, is a reference to a former Buffalo Bills kicker, Scott Norwood, who missed the game-winning field goal in Super Bowl XXV against the New York Giants in 1991. 