nm0008409:

 In a Spiral State (2009)Summaries In the city of Los Angeles, millions of lives intersect everyday, but each individual is still isolated from the whole. A number of strange incidents occur to four men and four women, just as their own lives begin to spiral out of control. Surrounded by con artists, frauds, drug addicts, and homeless people, a story starts to form in a screenwriter's head. Little does he know, his characters seem to have come to life as well. Things takes a surprise turn, as these LA residents find themselves locked into a mystery together. While relating to quantum mechanics, our own spiral galaxy, and the struggle of human existence, an urban love story grows out of the vine of disconnection. Bloodshot Pictures It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Telephone World (2013)Summaries Telephone World tells the story of Rachel Plasky (Elissa Dowling), who finds out she got the lead part in a new TV show in one continuous 80-minute shot. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Waking (1999)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Tunnel (2001)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 