nm0004694:

 The Emoji Movie (2017)44) Gene, a multi-expressional emoji, sets out on a journey to become a normal emoji. This movie unlocks the never-before-seen secret world inside your smartphone. Hidden within the messaging app is Textopolis, a bustling city where all your favorite emojis live, hoping to be selected by the phone's user. In this world, each emoji has only one facial expression, except for Gene, an exuberant emoji who was born without a filter and is bursting with multiple expressions. Determined to become "normal" like the other emojis, Gene enlists the help of his handy best friend Hi-5 and the notorious code breaker emoji Jailbreak. Together, they embark on an epic "app-venture" through the apps on the phone, each its own wild and fun world, to find the Code that will fix Gene. But when a greater danger threatens the phone, the fate of all emojis depends on these three unlikely friends who must save their world before it's deleted forever. Sony Pictures Entertainment Inside each smartphone are these small faces and items called Emojis. Every Emoji means something different, but unfortunately, Gene, a so-called "Meh" Emoji, has a problem. He has all the expressions of the faces. Thinking that he is special in his own way, Gene partners up with smart Emo Emoji Jailbreak and classical Hand Emoji Hi-5 across the digital universe through a course of apps looking for the source cloud to reveal Gene's true expression. But with Smiley Face Emoji Smiler sending her bots hot on the friends' trail. Gene is an emoji that lives in Textopolis, a digital city inside the phone of his user Alex. He is the son of two meh emoji named Mel and Mary, and is able to make multiple expressions despite his parents' upbringing. His parents are hesitant of him going to work, but Gene insists so that he can feel useful. Upon receiving a text from his crush Addie, Alex decides to send her an emoji. When Gene is selected, he panics, makes a panicked expression, and wrecks the text center. Gene is called in by Smiler, a smiley emoji and leader of the text center, who concludes that Gene is a "malfunction" and therefore must be deleted. Gene is chased by bots, but is rescued by Hi-5, a once popular emoji who has since lost his fame due to lack of use. He tells Gene that he can be fixed if they find a hacker, and Hi-5 accompanies him so that he can reclaim his fame.. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Moulin Rouge! (2001)651) A poor Bohemian poet in 1890s Paris falls for a beautiful courtesan and nightclub star whom a jealous duke covets. The year is 1899, and Christian, a young English writer, has come to Paris to follow the Bohemian revolution taking hold of the city's drug and prostitute infested underworld. And nowhere is the thrill of the underworld more alive than at the Moulin Rouge, a night club where the rich and poor men alike come to be entertained by the dancers, but things take a wicked turn for Christian as he starts a deadly love affair with the star courtesan of the club, Satine. But her affections are also coveted by the club's patron: the Duke. A dangerous love triangle ensues as Satine and Christian attempt to fight all odds to stay together but a force that not even love can conquer is taking its toll on Satine... O.G. Christian, a young wannabe Bohemian poet living in 1899 Paris, defies his father by joining the colorfully diverse clique inhabiting the dark, fantastical underworld of Paris' now legendary Moulin Rouge. In this seedy but glamorous haven of sex, drugs and newly-discovered electricity, the poet-innocent finds himself plunged into a passionate but ultimately tragic love affair with Satine, the club's highest paid star and the city's most famous courtesan. Their romance is played out against the infamous club - a meeting place of high life and low, where slumming aristocrats and the fashionably rich mingled with workers, artists, Bohemians, actresses and courtesans. Sujit R. Varma In 1900, Christian, an impoverished writer who has come from England the year before, types his story: he arrived in Montmartre and fell in with Toulouse-Lautrec and Bohemians who believe in freedom, truth, beauty, and love. They want to sell a show to the Moulin Rouge, and its impresario wants a backer so he can build a proper theatre. Christian's playing a duke, who wants exclusive access to the favors of Satine, the Moulin Rouge's consumptive star. She wants to be a proper actress, so the duke's offer is fine - except that she and Christian fall in love. Can Satine keep the Duke at bay without losing his patronage, will he discover the lovers and kill Christian, and can love trump jealousy? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It's Paris in 1899. Christian, a young English poet, comes to Paris to pursue a penniless career as a writer. However, he soon meets a group of Bohemians who tell him that he should write a musical show for them to be performed at the Moulin Rouge, the most famous underworld night club in Paris. The night they arrive at the Moulin Rouge, Christian meets Satine, the club's star and a beautiful courtesan. He falls head-over-heels in love with her and though it takes a bit of convincing, she falls for him as well. Meanwhile, the club's owner, Harold Zidler, invests in a wealthy Duke to help pay for the club, however, the Duke will only pay if Satine is his. This crazy love triangle twists and turns. And little does Satine know that she has a deadly secret that could end everything. sweetlilcyclone210 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 1900, a depressed writer named Christian begins writing on his typewriter ("Nature Boy"). One year earlier, Christian moved to the Montmartre district of Paris to become a writer among members of the area's Bohemian movement. He encounters performers led by Toulouse-Lautrec; his writing skills allow them to finish their proposed show, "Spectacular Spectacular", that they wish to sell to Harold Zidler, owner of the Moulin Rouge. The group arrives at the Moulin Rouge as Zidler and his "Diamond Dog Dancers" perform for the audience ("Lady Marmalade/Zidler's Rap (Can Can)/Smells Like Teen Spirit"). Toulouse arranges for Christian to see Satine, the star courtesan, in her private quarters to present the work, unaware that Zidler is promising Satine to the wealthy and unscrupulous Duke of Monroth, a potential investor in the cabaret ("Sparkling Diamonds" medley). Satine mistakes Christian for the Duke, and dances with him before retiring to her private chamber with him to discuss things privately ("Rhythm of the Night), but soon learns he is just a writer; by this time Christian has fallen in love with her ("Your Song"). The Duke interrupts them; Christian and Satine claim they were practicing lines for "Spectacular Spectacular". With Zidler's help, Toulouse and the rest of the troupe pitch the show to the Duke with an improvised plot about an evil maharajah attempting to woo an Indian courtesan who loves a poor sitar player ("The Pitch (Spectacular Spectacular)"). The Duke backs the show on the condition that only he may see Satine. Satine contemplates on Christian and her longing to leave the Moulin Rouge to become "a real actress" ("One Day I'll Fly Away"). Christian goes back to Satine to convince her that she loves him ("Elephant Love Medley"). As the cabaret is converted to a theater, Christian and Satine continue seeing each other under the pretense of rehearsing Satine's lines. The Duke becomes jealous and warns Zidler that he may stop financing the show; Zidler arranges for Satine to dine with the Duke that evening, but she falls ill from tuberculosis ("Grecki"). Zidler makes excuses to the Duke, claiming that Satine has gone to confession ("Like a Virgin"). Zidler learns that Satine does not have long to live. Satine tells Christian that their relationship endangers the show, but he counters by writing a secret love song to affirm their love ("Come What May"). As the Duke watches Christian rehearsing with Satine, Nini, a jealous performer, points out that the play is a metaphor for Christian, Satine and the Duke. Enraged, the Duke demands the ending be changed so that the courtesan ends up with the maharajah; Satine offers to spend the night with the Duke to keep the original ending. At the Duke's quarters, Satine sees Christian on the streets below, and realizes she cannot go through with this ("El Tango de Roxanne: "Roxanne/Tanguera"). The Duke tries to rape her, but she is saved by Le Chocolat, one of the cabaret dancers, and reunited with Christian, who urges her to run away with him. The Duke tells Zidler he will have Christian killed if Satine is not his. Zidler reiterates this warning to Satine, but when she refuses to return, he finally informs her she is dying ("A Fool to Believe"). Satine tells Christian they can no longer see each other as she will be staying with the Duke ("The Show Must Go On"). Christian tries following her, but is denied entry to the Moulin Rouge, and becomes depressed, even though Toulouse insists that Satine loves him. The night of the show, Christian sneaks into the Moulin Rouge, intending to pay Satine to return his love just as the Duke paid for her ("Hindi Sad Diamonds"). He catches Satine before she steps on stage and demands she tell him she does not love him. Suddenly they find themselves in the spotlight; Zidler convinces the audience that Christian is the disguised sitar player. Christian denounces Satine and walks off the stage. From the rafters, Toulouse cries out, "The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return", spurring Satine to sing the song Christian wrote to express their love. Christian returns to the stage, joining her in the song. The Duke's bodyguard tries to kill Christian, but is thwarted, while the Duke's own attempt is stopped by Zidler. The Duke storms out of the cabaret as Christian and Satine complete their song ("Come What May (Reprise)", "Coup d'tat (Finale)"). After the curtain closes, Satine succumbs to tuberculosis. She and Christian affirm their love before she dies. A year later the Moulin Rouge has closed down, and Christian is writing the tale of his love for Satine, a "love that will live forever" ("Nature Boy (Reprise)"). 
 Burlesque (I) (2010)321) A small-town girl ventures to Los Angeles and finds her place in a neo-burlesque club run by a former dancer. The Burlesque Lounge has its best days behind it. Tess, a retired dancer and owner of the venue, struggles to keep the aging theater alive, facing all kinds of financial and artistic challenges. With the Lounge's troupe members becoming increasingly distracted by personal problems and a threat coming from a wealthy businessman's quest to buy the spot from Tess, the good fortune seems to have abandoned the club altogether. Meanwhile, the life of Ali, a small-town girl from Iowa, is about to change dramatically. Hired by Tess as a waitress at the Lounge, Ali escapes a hollow past and quickly falls in love with the art of burlesque. Backed by newfound friends amongst the theater's crew, she manages to fulfill her dreams of being on stage herself. Things take a dramatic turn though when Ali's big voice makes her become the main attraction of the revue. Bobby_John Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, set in a rundown small Iowa town in the middle of nowhere, Ali Rose (Christina Aguilera) is a young waitress working in a seedy restaurant. Frustrated by her sexist boss's refusal to pay her, she packs up her belongings and performs "Something's Got A Hold On Me", shortly followed by her journey to Los Angeles to begin a new life for herself as a professional singer. Once in Los Angeles, Ali begins searching for places to audition, failing at every attempt. Walking during the night, she follows the sound of music into a building, having unknowingly arrived at a Burlesque club, where Tess (Cher) and the dancers perform "Welcome to Burlesque." Once inside, Ali meets Jack (Cam Gigandet) one of the bartenders, as well as the ticket till guy Alexis (Alan Cumming). Intrigued by the exotic dances, Ali decides to pursue a career on stage. Jack refers her to Tess for an audition, in which Ali is rejected instantly and ushered out by Sean (Stanley Tucci) the costumer for the dancers. Instead of leaving, Ali begins serving customers at the club as a waitress, while Tess and Sean observe with Jack asking Tess to give Ali a chance. Tess reluctantly hires Ali to work as a waitress. After returning to her apartment after work a few days later, Ali finds it in disarray having been broken into and that her money and all her belongings have been stolen. She shows up at Jack's apartment in the pouring rain and he agrees to let her stay with him for a few nights. One night at the club, Ali, attempts to talk to Tess and tell her she finds lip-synching limiting, but Ali is told that the customers prefer it that way. When one of the dancers, Georgia (Julianne Hough) becomes pregnant, auditions are held to replace her. Ali begins her audition when everyone leaves, and after performing to "Wagon Wheel Watusi", persuades Tess to allow her to become one of the club's dancers, much to the lead dancer Nikki's (Kristen Bell) annoyance. When Nikki appears drunk, Tess orders Ali to take her place. Behind the scenes, Tess argues with Marcus (Eric Dane), a businessman who has placed a bid on the club. Tess refuses to sell it to Marcus despite the pleas of her ex-husband Vince Scali (Peter Gallagher) who co-manages the club with her. Nikki is mad that Ali took her place so in the middle of her performance, she cuts off the sound. Sean immediately tries to lower the curtain. However, Ali begins to sing the song live, and the curtain is again raised. Everyone is impressed by her beautiful, strong voice. Excited, Tess announces that she will create a new show around the new lead singer and dancer, Ali. Sean, impressed by Ali, tells Jack that he should make a move on Ali before it's too late. Despite the club's growing success, Tess is still unable to pay up her debts to the bank. One night after the club closes, Tess, worried with the club's economic prospects, sings "You Haven't Seen the Last of Me". In the parking lot, a very jealous Nikki shows up drunk and picks a fight with Tess, calling Ali a "slut with mutant lungs." Tess, who has grown frustrated with Nikki, questions her gratitude for the help she has received. Angered, Nikki falsely confesses that she slept with Vince after his and Tess' honeymoon, and the altercation ends when Tess angrily retaliates by smashing the passenger side window on Nikki's convertible with a crowbar. Tensions arise between Ali and Jack as Marcus grows increasingly infatuated with her (Ali), making Jack, who is already engaged to another woman living in New York, jealous. At Georgia's wedding, Jack appears to call off his engagement, getting drunk. That night, Ali and Jack sleep together, but the following morning Jack's fiancee Natalie (Dianna Agron), a stage actress, returns unexpectedly from her play in New York and tells Ali that the engagement is still intact and that Jack had stated that nothing was going on between him and Ali, not even physical attraction ("she's not even that pretty!"). Feeling heartbroken and betrayed, Ali leaves the apartment. While spending time with Marcus, Ali finds out about air rights which refer to the empty space above a building and what can be done with it. She tells Tess everything and they devise a plan to reveal Marcus' intent to build a skyscraper where Tess' club is, destroying the ocean views of another building contractor. The contractor buys the air rights above the club to keep them clear and unobstructed for his million-dollar condos and the resulting money is enough for Tess to buy out Vince's share. In the final scene Ali, having reunited with Jack, performs on stage the song "Show Me How You Burlesque" with all of the dancers, a song which Jack wrote and finally finished. 
 The Voice (2011 )321) Four famous musicians search for the best voices in America and will mentor these singers to become artists. America will decide which singer will be worthy of the grand prize. There are four coaches, who are all famous in the music industry. During the blind auditions these coaches will turn around in their chairs when they hear a performer they want in their team. If there are more coaches who want a performer, he or she gets to choose who they want as their coach. During the battles there will be two contestants from the same team up against eachother. The coach then has to choose one of them to get through to the live shows. immevangorp Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "The Voice" - Semi-Finals Results Show - May 1, 2012 We get some recap from Carson of last night's show and some blah-blah-blah from the judges about how it is both amazing and sad to see one member of their team advance and one go home. Performance: Last year's runner-up Dia Frampton sings her song "Don't Kick the Chair" with Kid Cudi. The first set of results is for Team Christina. Christina split her 100 points evenly, 50/50. When they add America's vote, the winner is Chris Mann. Performance: Last year's finalist Vicci Martinez sings her song "Come Along" with help from former coach Cee Lo. The second set of results is for Team Adam. He split his 100 points with 40 for Katrina and 60 for Tony. When they add America's vote it's clear Adam backed a winner because Tony Lucca gets the vote. Performance: Last year's finalist Beverly McLellan sings "Money Changes Everything" with Cyndi Lauper Performance: Last year's winner Javier Colon sings his new single "A Drop in the Ocean" Next up are results for Team Blake. He split his 100 points evenly at 50/50. Adding America's votes Jermaine Paul is the winner. And finally results for Team Cee Lo. He split his 100 points with 60 going to Juliet and 40 to Jamar. Adding America's votes and Juliet Simmsis the winner. 