nm0004708:

 The Pretender (19962000)Summaries A specially gifted man, with the ability to instantly master any skill, escapes from a secret testing facility and travels the country taking on different jobs and helping strangers while hiding from his kidnappers. Jarod is a pretender, a very intelligent person with the ability to slide into somebody else's personality. For that purpose, he has been taken from his family as a child in order to work for a secret agency called The Centre. But recently, he escaped. Jarod's new mission in life is to help people in need with his gift, and to find out what really happened to his allegedly dead parents. Only, Miss Parker and her team are out to get him... Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> Jarod, a boy genius with a special gift for pretending, was kidnapped and held prisoner by a corporation that used him as a human simulator in their clandestine research. Escaping from The Centre more than 30 years later, Jarod now searches for clues to his true identity and family. He also uses his ability to quickly become an expert at anything to right wrongs and exact revenge on the wicked. All the while, Centre operatives led by Miss Parker work relentlessly to capture Jarod, and return him to The Centre. Anthony Bruce Gilpin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Driven (2001)Summaries A young hot shot driver is in the middle of a championship season and is coming apart at the seams. A former CART champion is called in to give him guidance. Talented rookie race-car driver Jimmy Bly has started losing his focus and begins to slip in the race rankings. It's no wonder, with the immense pressure being shoveled on him by his overly ambitious promoter brother as well as Bly's romance with his arch rival's girlfriend Sophia. With much riding on Bly, car owner Carl Henry brings former racing star Joe Tanto on board to help Bly. To drive Bly back to the top of the rankings, Tanto must first deal with the emotional scars left over from a tragic racing accident which nearly took his life. Anna <dimenxia@yahoo.com> Young British talent Jimmy Bly breaks German Beau Brandenburg's car race hegemony, until his concentration suffers after a selfish girl-friend toys with their feelings. Drop-out Joe Tanto accepts as a favor to cynical stable boss Carl Henry to return on the team as coach for and rival-to-be-beaten within the team. Joe does well as wise dad and brotherly confidant, even restores a rapport with Beau, his former race rival. But the racing circuit also proves dangerous in terms of accidents, and experience with those complicates matters. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Untitled Michael Andretti ProjectSummaries Explores the life and career of auto racing legend Mike Andretti, and his global endeavors as team owner of Andretti Autosport which has won 4 American IndyCar series Championships and 5 Indianapolis 500 races. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Super Speedway (1997)Summaries Follow the Newman-Haas (Andretti) racing team through the process of building, testing, and racing for a season. We follow the Newman-Haas (Andretti) racing team through the process of building, testing, and racing for a season. This includes extensive race speed on-track footage, including some pre-race footage with a full squad of cars. From time to time, we check in with a small shop building/restoring one of the first roadsters Mario Andretti raced; the finale includes him taking it for a spin. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 