nm0005093:

 Miss Congeniality 2: Armed & Fabulous (2005)541) After Heather Burns (Cheryl Frasier) and Stan Fields (William Shatner) are kidnapped, Gracie Hart (Sandra Bullock) goes undercover in Las Vegas, Nevada to find them. Because of the notoriety she gained from the Miss United States pageant, Gracie Hart's (Sandra Bullock's) life as an undercover F.B.I. Agent is over. In addition, Agent Eric Matthews (Benjamin Bratt) broke off their relationship which she did not take well. Begrudgingly on the advice her boss, F.B.I. Assistant Director Harry McDonald (Ernie Hudson), Gracie decides to become the F.B.I.'s media relations officer. Ten months later with the assistance of style coach Joel Meyers (Diedrich Bader) and a best-selling book behind her about her experience, Gracie becomes a designer-clad media darling and the made-up face of the F.B.I. The new Gracie is the exact opposite of Agent Sam Fuller (Regina King), a woman who, like Gracie before her pageant experience, has deep seated anger issues. The two do not get along, but that doesn't stop McDonald from assigning Sam to be Gracie's bodyguard. The two are sent to Las Vegas, Nevada when Gracie's friend, reigning Miss United States Cheryl Frasier (Heather Burns), and the long-time Miss United States pageant host Stan Fields (William Shatner) were kidnapped there. At the F.B.I.'s Las Vegas field office, Assistant Director Walter Collins (Treat Williams) wants Gracie solely to be the media spokesperson on the case, but Gracie wants to be back in the field, especially when she uncovers some leads that Collins dismisses. Despite their antagonistic relationship, Gracie and Sam have to work together to follow these leads. Along with them are Joel and insecure F.B.I. Agent Jeff Foreman (Enrique Murciano), the foursome who, in addition to finding Cheryl and Stan, have to elude Collins' other Agents, Collins, who wants Gracie and Sam back on a plane to New York City, and who wants the glory of solving the case for himself. Huggo Sandra Bullock returns as FBI agent Gracie Hart in the second Miss Congeniality movie. Gracie has become well-known by the public after saving Cheryl Frasier ( Heather Burns ) at the Miss United States Pageant, where she was working undercover. Gracie is asked to become the face to the FBI, and give a positive face of the FBI by promoting her book on TV. Gracie has become a celebrity and is no longer a real FBI agent. Her friends from the pageant, Cheryl and Stan Fields ( William Shatner ) are kidnapped in Las Vegas, and Gracie wants to find them. Gracie is ordered by her boss to continue being the face of the FBI, while they find her friends. Gracie can't do that, so she starts her own investigation. Her bodyguard, FBI agent Sam Fuller ( Regina King ), and Gracie go undercover to find her friends, and the fireworks begin. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) F.B.I. Agent Gracie Hart (Sandra Bullock) is assigned to promote the F.B.I., touring with the brutal Agent Sam Fuller (Regina King) as her bodyguard. While travelling around the country, her friend and Miss United States Cheryl Frasier (Heather Burns) is kidnapped along with Stan Fields (William Shatner), and Gracie decides to investigate the abduction in Las Vegas on her own, and against the direct orders of local F.B.I. Assistant Director Walter Collins (Treat Williams). Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Many weeks after the events of Miss Congeniality (2000) , in which she infiltrated the Miss United States beauty pageant and saved Cheryl Frasier's ( Heather Burns 's) life, a customer recognizes FBI agent Gracie Hart ( Sandra Bullock ) and blows her cover while she tries to thwart a bank heist. Realizing that Gracie's life as an undercover agent is over, FBI assistant director Harry McDonald ( Ernie Hudson ) decides to capitalize on her publicity by offering to appoint her as a Media Relations Officer. Although she isn't taking her recent break-up with agent Eric Matthews, who has since been reassigned to Miami, well, Gracie reluctantly accepts the new position. To fill the void left by the departure of Matthews, the FBI transfer agent Sam Fuller ( Regina King ) from Chicago to New York. Sam has some deep-seated anger issues, much like Gracie before her experience at the pageant, and they don't take to each other at all. Ten months later, with the help of style coach Joel Meyers ( Diedrich Bader ) and a best-selling book about her experiences as an undercover agent behind her, Gracie has become a designer-clad darling of the media and the new "face" of the FBI as she appears on several morning TV programs to dish out some fashion advice and promote the new book. Although the "new" Gracie is the exact opposite of Sam, this doesn't stop Harry from appointing Sam as Gracie's new bodyguard, to Sam's chagrin. When the FBI find out that Cheryl, who is the current Miss United States, and the long-running pageant host Stan Fields ( William Shatner ) are kidnapped in Las Vegas, they send Gracie and Sam there. When they arrive at the FBI's Las Vegas field office, the office's assistant director Walter Collins ( Treat Williams ) only wants Gracie to be the case's media spokesperson while his own agents try and find Gracie's friends, but Gracie goes against his orders and goes undercover to try to find them herself. Sam joins her after getting a lead from video footage of the kidnapping that suggests that it may be Stan rather than Cheryl who is the kidnappers' main target. The FBI are unwilling to lose their "mascot" and have their doubts about whether Gracie is still up to the task. Gracie gets some leads of her own, but when she reports them back to Walter, he dismisses them. This makes Gracie more determined to continue her undercover work, and she has to put her differences with Sam aside so they can work together on following their leads. They are joined in their investigations by Joel and an insecure agent, Jeff Foreman ( Enrique Murciano ). The kidnappers move Stan and Cheryl to the pirate ship at the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino, and make plans to blow the ship up. Gracie, Sam and Joel arrive at the Oasis Drag Club where they dress up as singers and end up performing a number of songs from Tina Turner as part of the club's talent contest. Another contestant who is dressed up as Dolly Parton tells them where Stan and Cheryl are located. Gracie and Sam have to infiltrate the pirate show Sirens of TI and elude other agents deployed by Walter, who is determined to put Gracie and Sam on a plane back to New York and claim the sole credit for solving the case, in order to rescue Stan and Cheryl and save the day. 
 Ray (I) (2004)761) The story of the life and career of the legendary rhythm and blues musician Ray Charles , from his humble beginnings in the South, where he went blind at age seven, to his meteoric rise to stardom during the 1950s and 1960s. The story of Ray Charles (played by Jamie Foxx), music legend. Told in his adult life with flashbacks to his youth we see his humble origins in Florida, his turbulent childhood, which included losing his brother and then his sight, his rise as pianist in a touring band, him writing his own songs and running his own band, and then stardom. Also includes his addiction to drugs and its affect on his working life and family life. grantss Born on a sharecropping plantation in northern Florida, Ray Charles (played by Jamie Foxx) went blind at seven. Inspired by a fiercely independent mom who insisted he make his own way, He found his calling and his gift behind a piano keyboard. Touring across the southern musical circuit, the soulful singer gained a reputation and then exploded with worldwide fame when he pioneered couping gospel and country together. yusufpiskin Without a doubt, the story of the legendary rhythm-and-blues musician, Ray Charles , is truly unique. Born in an impecunious family, Ray Charles was confronted with the tragic event of his brother's death by drowning: a terrible shock that irreparably affected his eyesight, leaving him blind by the age of seven. But, music and sounds were always Ray Charles ' refuge, and when he lost his mother at the age of fifteen, he decided to fight for his dream, and he succeeded. Ray's tremendous talent combined with his dynamic personality was an explosive combination, taking 1940s and 1950s America by surprise. As a true pioneer, Ray Charles started a musical revolution with the way he interpreted his songs, his characteristic suit and black glasses, and the big smile on his face. Nick Riganas Legendary rhythm and blues singer Ray Charles' life transpires on-screen, from his humble beginnings in Georgia, where he went blind at age seven, to his pre-fame life touring the south, and onto his career as one of the most enduring, inimitable performers in modern music. IMDb Editors The true life story of legendary blues singer Ray Charles (played by Jamie Foxx) from losing his eyesight in early childhood, to his rising career during the 1950s and 1960s, and his problems with racism, drug abuse, failed relationships, and his ideas to change the pace music by combining rhythm and blues and gospel music. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in 1948. Young Ray Charles Robinson (Jamie Foxx), the blind son of a sharecropper, boards a bus at a rest stop in northern Florida. Ray lies to the racist bus driver about loosing his sight at Omaha Beach in 1944 during the war to get a free ride. He travels to Seattle, Washington where he uses his unexpected talent for the piano to get a job playing for a nightclub band. The club's owner (Denise Dowse) soon begins to exploit Ray, demanding sexual favors and controlling his money and career. After discovering that he is being lied to and stolen from, Ray leaves the band in disgust. In 1950, Ray joins a white country band who make him wear sunglasses to hide his damaged eyes from audiences. They go on tour, and Ray is introduced to heroin. He also suffers from traumatic flashbacks relating to his childhood. The elder of two brothers, Ray is raised by a fiercely independent single mother, Aretha Robinson (Sharon Warren). The family is poor, but young Ray finds solace in music. He learns to play the piano from a man at a local store. At age five, Ray is playing with his younger brother George in front of their house when George slips into their mother's full washbasin. Ray laughs at first, thinking George is goofing off, but becomes paralyzed with shock as his brother's limbs thrash violently in the soapy water, scrambling to escape. Aretha rushes to pull George from the water, but it is too late. Ray feels immense guilt over his brother's death, and begins to develop vision problems soon afterward. By age seven, he is completely blind. His mother teaches him to be independent despite his condition, and makes him swear that he will never let the world "turn him into a cripple." Eventually, she sends Ray to a school for the deaf and blind, weeping as her only remaining son boards a bus and disappears. As Ray travels on the road, he demands to be paid in single dollar bills so no one can cheat him (since he cannot see the paper notes of the cash). We see another flashback of Ray playing with a country band and the man counting single $1 notes by implying they are $20 to pay Ray. Luckily another band member steps up and demands Ray be paid fairly. As Ray is becoming more and more popular with his music, a man from Atlantic Records discovers him. The man has written a song and offers to let Ray sing it. The song, "The Mess Around" becomes Ray's first hit. Ray ends up meeting Della Bea (Kerry Washington), a preacher's daughter. He falls in love with her, and the two get married. Della is not happy about Ray mixing gospel and soul music, but realizes he's got undeniable talent. Ray goes out on the road, and meets up with Mary Anne Fisher (Aunjanue Ellis), a singer who teams up with Ray. On a trip home, Della Bea finds Ray's drugs in his shaving bag, and demands he stop using. Ray refuses, and walks out on a pregnant Della Bea. Ray begins an affair with Mary Anne. As Ray's popularity grows, Ray gets a girl trio to become "The Raylettes". Ray immediately falls for Margie's (Regina King), the lead singer's charms, and the two begin an affair. Mary Anne grows resentful and begs Ray to give her a solo, which he does. Figuring now she's got her name out there, Mary Anne leaves Ray and his band, but not before throwing a brick through the windshield of his car out of jealousy over Ray and Margie. Another few years later, Ray is out on the road as a headliner, and one night while doing a set, the band finishes early. The owner of the club demands Ray fill the 20 minute slot he has left, and Ray makes up the hit "What I'd Say" on the spot. During the 1960s, Ray is becoming more and more popular. Ray is offered a better contract with another record label, and although he is loyal to Atlantic, Ray leaves them, but on amicable terms. Ray goes to Atlanta to play a concert, and encounters civil rights protests. Ray protests by saying that he will not play if the black concertgoers have to sit in the balcony. Ray ends up being barred from the state of Georgia. Another year or so later, Ray then wants to try and do different things with his music, and incorporates classical and country into his sound. Some of his biggest hits come from this mixture, such as "Georgia on My Mind" which Margie says will be Ray's downfall. Ray also records "I Can't Stop Loving You", for which he receives a standing ovation at one concert. While sleeping in a hotel room, Ray's sleep is interrupted by the police who burst in and arrest him. They tell him that they are acting on an anonymous tip that he has drugs in the room and are there to arrest him. Although heroin is found and Ray is charged with possession, he gets off on a legal technicality because the police didn't have a search warrant. Later, while in a hotel room with Margie, Ray is tinkling on the piano while she gets sick. Margie is pregnant, and demands Ray leave Della and his three children with her. Ray refuses, and Margie is angry. Ray tells Margie to keep her anger, while he literally writes "Hit the Road Jack" complete with Margie's solo. Now that she's got her name out there, Margie leaves the Raylettes to try and make a solo career for herself. Flashing forward another few years later in the early 1970s, we see Ray and Della Bea move into a huge new house with their kids. Della is uncomfortable in the new house. Ray has to go to Canada for another concert. But when he gets off the plane, he is arrested for possession of heroin at the customs booth. As a result, the Canadian authorities deport Ray back to the USA and his concert there is canceled. The record company has trouble getting him out of this trouble and a judge sentences Ray to go to a treatment clinic. Della and Ray fight about this and the phone rings. Picking up the phone, Ray learns from someone on the other line that Margie is dead... from a drug overdose. Ray swears to Della that he never turned her onto it and wouldn't let her use it when she was around him. Della says she will start sending money to Ray's child with Margie, but Ray tells Della he already sends him money. Ray goes to a rehab clinic where he suffers from withdrawals and nightmares. Throughout the movie, in flashbacks, we see how a young Ray slowly went blind nine months after watching his brother die. We see how his fiercely independent mother forces Ray to make his own way in the world and never to let anybody cripple or tell him otherwise just because he is blind. While at the rehab clinic going through painful heroin withdrawals, a now-grown Ray has a conversation with his dead mother, who chastises him for letting drugs cripple him. Ray tries to apologize, but his independent mother won't hear of it. Then his little brother George shows up and tells him that he doesn't blame him for his death. The movie ends in the year 1979 with Ray getting off drugs for good and receiving his proudest accomplishment. That same year, the state of Georgia officially apologizes to Ray and makes "Georgia On My Mind" the official state song. The movie ends with Ray, Della, and their three grown sons receiving applause after Ray performs the song before a live audience. The closing title card reads: This movie is dedicated to Ray Charles Robinson, 1930-2004. (whom died before the release of this feature film) 
 A Cinderella Story (2004)651) Routinely exploited by her wicked stepmother, the downtrodden Samantha Montgomery is excited about the prospect of meeting her Internet beau at the school's Halloween dance. Samantha Montgomery (Hilary Duff) or "Sam", has a rough childhood with her father dying in an earthquake and a new stepmother with two awful daughters. But on the bright side, Sam has an awesome best friend named Carter (Dan Byrd) and an e-mail relationship with a guy named Nomad. One day, Sam gets an e-mail from her Nomad saying that he wants to meet her in the middle of the dance floor at their high school Halloween dance. She accepts the invitation and glides into the room wearing the best outfit ever. Her Nomad takes her outside where they share a romantic dance together and Sam realizes that her e-mail friend is the most popular guy in school, Austin Ames (Chad Michael Murray). She runs back to her stepmother's diner before she knows she went to the dance and drops her phone on the way. Austin finds it and starts a search for his Cinderella. bella yeager Samantha Montgomery (Hilary Duff), a teenager in California, is obliged to work as a janitor and dishwasher in the diner of her stepmother, Fiona (Jennifer Coolidge). After a cell phone mix-up, Sam begins an anonymous text-messaging and e-mail relationship with a boy. They agree to meet at a school dance, but when Samantha finds out that her secret pen pal is none other than Austin Ames (Chad Michael Murray), the cutest boy in school, she panics and looks for a way to make herself cooler. Dynasti At eight-years-old, the blonde Samantha Montgomery (Hannah Robinson) lost her father to an earthquake, leaving her to live in an attic, while her stepmother Fiona (Jennifer Coolidge), and stepsisters, Gabriella (Andrea Avery Ray) and Brianna (Madeline Zima) take over her life. With popular kids Austin Ames (Chad Michael Murray), Shelby Cummings (Julie Gonzalo), and their crew, then her house family, the only escapes she has are the Diner Staff, her best friend Carter (Dan Byrd), and an on-line buddy, Nomad. They both go to North Valley High and dream of going to Princeton. They have a relationship that goes on through text messages and e-mails. He finally asks her to the Halloween dance, where they meet, and she finds out Austin Ames (Chad Michael Murray) is Nomad. Not knowing who his "Cinderella" is, he goes on one of the toughest quests ever, as Samantha's (Hilary Duff's) friends convince her to tell him. He finds out at a more than humiliating pep rally that Cincerella is "Diner Girl". She finally tells off her steps, and she manages to tell off Austin. At the end, they end up dating, going to Princeton, and she finds her dad's will, stating it leaves everything to Samantha. Happy Ever After? Who knows. Kaylynn Samantha Montgomery (Hilary Duff) is a tomboy, unpopular at school and struggling at home with a cruel stepmother and two spoiled stepsisters. She's been exchanging texts with someone called Nomad for a few months and he's asked her to meet him at the Halloween dance, on the dancefloor, at 11 p.m. Samantha has a problem, she must be back at her stepmother Fiona's (Jennifer Coolidge's) diner by midnight, which doesn't give her much time at all. Before Nomad can find out who she is, or she him, she has to leave the party with the help of her best friend Carter (Dan Byrd). After the party everything takes a strange turn as she continues to navigate the halls of her high school and the nightmare that is her home life. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Samantha 'Sam' Montgomery (Hilary Duff) lived a semi-fairytale life with her widowed father when she was 8 years old in a suburb in California. Later, her father opened up a Diner named after him and fell in love with a woman named Fiona (Jennifer Coolidge) who he later married. One day, a falling support beam kills her father in the 1994 Northridge earthquake and leaves her with her plastic-surgery-salmon-eating-obsessed stepmother and her two cruel stepsisters Brianna (Madeline Zima) and Gabriella (Andrea Avery). 10 years later, Sam is a straight-A student enduring her uncaring stepmother's wrath, who turned her father's cafe into a girly hot-pink hot spot and forces her to work as a "diner girl". In addition to her family, Sam must deal with the "popular" girls at school, led by the lead cheerleader, Shelby (Julie Gonzalo) who, according to Carter (Dan Byrd) "wants him so bad". Sam confides in her best friend Carter and cyber-space, pen-pal, her "secret admirer" who wants to attend Princeton with her. What she doesn't know is that her secret admirer turns out to be Austin Ames (Chad Michael Murray), quarterback of the football team and the most popular boy at school who is currently dating Shelby. As they text each other back and forth, Austin (or, as he refers to himself in cyberspace, "Nomad") invites Sam to the Halloween Dance so they can meet face-to-face. Austin dumps Shelby a few hours before the dance. At the same time, Fiona forces Sam to work late at the diner that night until midnight. Carter, Rhonda (Regina King) - Sam's mentor and friend at the diner who also works there, and the other cafe employees help Sam get to the dance, masquerading as Cinderella in a mask and Rhonda's wedding dress. She meets Austin in the middle of the dance floor and is at first put off by the fact that her "Nomad" is Austin. He soon wins her over, and they move outside together. They play "10 Questions", Sam never revealing her identity, as they dance outside in a gazebo. However, Sam's cell phone alarm goes off 15 minutes before midnight, warning her to run back to the diner before she's caught, leaving Austin without Sam's real name. Austin and Sam, or Prince Charming and Cinderella are chosen as the Homecoming Prince and Princess but "Cinderella is playing hard to get". As Sam and Carter flee the dance, once Sam has managed to pull Carter (or Zorro who he went as) away from Shelby who he is kissing after he prevented David, one of Austin's friends, from making a move on her, Sam drops her cell phone and Austin picks it up, determined to find out who this "Cinderella" is. Sam goes to school the next day to find Austin performing a school-wide search for his Cinderella. Sam is still feeling uncomfortable about revealing herself to Austin, who in turn is still searching obsessively. One afternoon, Sam's stepsisters find her emails while snooping around on her computer. After unsuccessfully trying to pass themselves off as Cinderella to Austin, they end up showing the emails to Shelby and her friends. The stepsisters make her believe Sam stole Austin on purpose, so she puts together a cruel skit to perform at a football pep rally in order to humiliate Sam. The skit is performed in front of the whole school, as well as Austin's father who is present at the pep rally and has been pressuring Austin to attend college to play football at USC, his alma mater. Austin has never told his father he really wants to attend Princeton University. Hurt and humiliated, Sam goes back home and Fiona brings her a letter from Princeton saying that she wasn't accepted. This is, in actuality, a fake letter as Fiona and the stepsisters threw out the real letter from Princeton which said she was accepted (most likely so she wouldn't leave the diner). The next day, after Brianna and Gabriella slam the door so the guitar with Elvis on falls down, ripping off the wallpaper and exposing a quote that says "Never let the fear of striking out, keep you from playing the game" and blaming this on Sam, she reads this aloud and decides she has had enough of her step-family and their abusive treatment. She quits working at the diner, tells Fiona that "she can mess with her hair, her nose, her face and even her dad's diner, but she's through messing with her", and moves in with Rhonda. The night of the big football game, Sam storms into the boys locker room and confronts Austin, saying that she's fed up with his two different identities, one to her and one to his friends "Waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought, useless and disappointing." In the last few moments of the game, as the game is about to start again and Austin is going to score the touchdown the North Valley Fighting Frogs need to go to the semi-finals of the State Championships, Austin sees Sam leaving and abandons the game, but as he is running off the pitch, his father grabs him and asks him what he is doing, throwing away his dream like that, to which Austin replies "no dad, I'm throwing away yours", and makes up with Sam and kisses her, at the very same time it starts raining. In the end, Sam finds her father's hidden will which leaves everything to her. She has Fiona taken for questioning by the district attorney for keeping it a secret when her signature was plainly on the document. The stepsisters manage to find Sam's real Princeton-acceptance letter in the garbage, where they'd "filed" it. Hal's Diner is finally restored to normal, and, after making a deal with the district attorney, Fiona, Brianna, and Gabriella are forced work at the diner to pay off their community service debts, under supervision from Rhonda. Carter gets a role in a commercial, which becomes a success, thus landing Carter, Shelby's interest, but he sees her for what she really is and rejects her for the school's radio presenter Astrid. The last scene is Sam and Austin sitting where at the start Sam is shown with her dad, and Austin is returning her phone. As a testament to the dance he starts attaching it to her ankle, which is how it was attached at the party, but she takes it before he can finish and they kiss then ride off to Princeton and their new future together. 
 If Beale Street Could Talk (2018)541) A young woman embraces her pregnancy while she and her family set out to prove her childhood friend and lover innocent of a crime he didn't commit. African-American teen sweethearts Fonny and Tish are ripped apart when Fonny is wrongly arrested for the rape of a Puerto Rican woman because of the machinations of a racist cop. While seeking justice for Fonny, a pregnant Tish relies on her Harlem community, including her sister, mother Sharon and future mother-in-law. In early 1970s Harlem, daughter and wife-to-be Tish vividly recalls the passion, respect and trust that have connected her and her artist fianc Alonzo Hunt, who goes by the nickname Fonny. Friends since childhood, the devoted couple dream of a future together, but their plans are derailed when Fonny is arrested for a crime he did not commit. Jwelch5742 Having known each other since childhood, two ardent young lovers in early-1970s Harlem--the nineteen-year-old, Tish, and her twenty-two-year-old self-made sculptor beau, Fonny--have all the time in the world to plan their shared future. However, a hideous crime on the other side of the town paired with a flagrant abuse of power will have a wrongfully accused Fonny singled out at a police line-up, incarcerating him for an atrocity he didn't commit. Now, an unending lone quest for justice begins, as life's unstoppable force blesses both saints and sinners. But, is love enough against the injustice of a cruel world? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the 1970s Tish (Kiki Layne) is a 19-year-old African-American woman living in West Harlem, New York City, and she is madly in love with Fonny (Stephan James), a fellow African American man who is a few years older than her. He is kind and warm and loves her deeply. Tish goes to the prison where Fonny is incarcerated to tell him that she's having a baby. Both of them are thrilled, the circumstances non-withstanding. Tish goes home sees her mother Sharon (Regina King). Sharon asks how Fonny is doing - he's in jail after being falsely identified in a rape case and is currently on trial. Tish nervously tell Sharon she is pregnant, and Sharon helps her tell the rest of the family: her father Joseph (Colman Domingo) and her sister Ernestine (Teyonah Parris). They are a little shocked but supportive, a tight-knit, loving group. After wondering when they should tell Fonny's family, Sharon decides to invite them over for drinks since it's a Saturday night and no time like the present. Throughout the film, we cut back to Tish and Fonny's life before he went to prison. We seem on an early date, walking through the city and getting to know one another. Back in the present, Fonny's parents, the jokester Frank (Michael Beach) and the cruel, religious Mrs. Hunt (Aunjanue Ellis) arrive with their two daughters. Mrs. Hunt and their daughters think they are too good for Tish and her family. When they tell Fonny's family, only Frank is positive. Mrs. Hunt curses Tish, and tells her the child is born from sin and is going to shrivel in her womb - and Frank punches her, hard. Everyone scrambles, Joseph takes Frank out, and Mrs. Hunt's daughters help her up. Sharon and Ernestine properly shame Mrs. Hunt, asking how she could be so cruel, and they kick the women out of their home. As the flashbacks continue, we see Tish and Fonny sleep together for the first time. In the present, Sharon and Tish go to see Hayward (Finn Wittrock), a lawyer that is going to take Fonny's defense. Victoria Rogers (Emily Rios), the victim, was a Puerto Rican woman living in New York when she was brutally assaulted. A white police officer, Officer Bell (Ed Skrein), claims he saw Fonny running from the scene of the crime, even though Fonny was with his friend Daniel Carty (Brian Tyree Henry) at the time. He then showed Victoria the lineup, and she identified Fonny. Hayward explains there are two problems: one, Victoria is missing and can't be questioned. Two, the district attorney's office has arrested Carty and won't let Hayward see him. Hayward is going to fight but warns them it will be a tough battle to win. In flashbacks, Daniel gets out of prison after two years and comes to stay with Fonny and Tish. He is jovial, but his time in prison has shaken him. He clearly is drinking as a way to cope and confesses to Fonny that he pled guilty to stealing a car to get out of a marijuana charge after being pressured by police officers... even though he doesn't even know how to drive. Tish gets farther along in her pregnancy, working as a counter girl in a department store to make ends meet. Ernestine tells Tish that Victoria has been located... in Puerto Rico. Tish is devastated, knowing she can't get there to talk to her. Money is piling up for legal defenses, and Frank commiserates with Joseph, who assures him they'll get it done. They begin stealing from the docks and re-selling the goods. In flashbacks, we see when Tish and Fonny got their loft together. They had been turned away from many places simply for being black, but Levy (Dave Franco), the young Jewish man showing them the space, tells them that love is love and he's his mother's son. Tish looks around a corner store while Fonny goes to get cigarettes, and while in the store, a young racist white man starts harassing her. Fonny arrives and throws the man out of the store, but Officer Bell (the man who will later say he saw Fonny running from the crime scene) arrives and threatens Fonny with assault charges. Tish and Fonny explain that he was defending Tish, but Bell refuses to listen and begins to arrest Fonny until the store manager, a white woman, comes forward and tells Bell that what they said was true and to leave them alone. Bell vows to see Fonny again. Sharon arrives in Puerto Rico, attempting to find Victoria. She first finds Pietro (Pedro Pascal), Victoria's boyfriend. He at first refuses to help her find Victoria, but she passionately insists that Fonny didn't rape her and begs to speak with her. He helps her find Victoria, who is visibly traumatized from what happened to her. Sharon tries to speak with her, acknowledging what happened to her was horrible but trying to explain that she has the wrong man. Victoria explains that the police asked her to pick Fonny out and she did and that that's the end. Sharon explains that she only saw Fonny in the lineup Officer Bell showed her - she presses further, but Victoria begins screaming, hysterical, and is eventually taken away by other women, leaving Sharon alone, devastated. Tish goes to see Fonny in prison, who looks worse than ever. She has bad news: Victoria has disappeared again, and now the trial might be postponed. Fonny is distraught. Tish has the baby, and Fonny, faced with the prospect of losing the trial, takes a plea for a lesser sentence. Several years later, Tish brings their child, a young boy named after his father, to visiting hours at the prison. The three have a makeshift family dinner with food bought from the vending machines and enjoy having some moments actually together. 