nm0003799:

 Exit Wounds (2001)431) Orin Boyd, a tough cop in an inner-city precinct discovers a web of dirty cops and corruption. Orin Boyd (Seagal) is a Detroit cop who doesn't follow rules. After he saved the Vice President by violating every order he received he is transferred to one of the worst precincts in the city. There he quickly encounters some corrupt cops selling heroin to drug dealers. The problem is, it's very difficult to tell who is the bad guy and who you can trust. Boris Shafir <borisshafir@hotmail.com> Orin Boyd is a cop who works in Detroit's 21st precinct, and his attitude and rough means of enforcing the law always end up annoying the precinct captain, Frank Daniels. When terrorists try to kill the Vice President of the United States, Orin kills the terrorists. Even though Orin saved the Vice President's life, Frank doesn't like the way Orin did it, so Frank transfers Orin to the 15th precinct -- Detroit's worst precinct. Orin's new captain, former internal affairs officer Annette Mulcahy, knows of his reputation and tells him that she won't tolerate it, and she sends Orin to an anger management class where he meets Henry Wayne, the high-strung host of a local talk show called "Detroit AM." Despite this measure, Orin doesn't change his ways of doing his job, and it's not long before he comes across local drug dealer Latrell Walker and his fast-talking sidekick T. K. Johnson doing a shady deal with a man named Matt Montini. After a brief fight, Orin discovers that Montini has been working undercover trying to nail Walker, and Orin messed it up, a point that doesn't sit well with Montini's musclebound partner Useldinger. Not all of the cops of the 15th precinct give Orin a hard time. Sergeant Lewis Strutt steps in to cool things down when Orin gets in a fight with Useldinger, and George Clark is assigned to be Orin's partner. After Orin stumbles upon the theft of $5,000,000 worth of heroin from Piper Tech, a place where evidence is stored, Orin and George begin focusing their efforts on Latrell and T.K., and also Shaun Rollins, a man that Latrell has been visiting at the local jail. Orin asks Henry to do some digging on Latrell's background. What Henry discovers is that Latrell is not a drug dealer. Latrell is a computer expert and billionaire whose real name is Leon Rollins -- he's the brother of Shaun Rollins. Orin confronts Leon, who explains that a group of corrupt cops were in danger of losing one of their drug dealers, so the corrupt cops planted heroin on Shaun, setting Shaun up to take the rap so they wouldn't lose their dealer. Sergeant Lewis Strutt is the leader of the group of corrupt cops, who also include Montini and Useldinger, and Strutt and his gang are the ones who stole the heroin from Piper Tech. Leon and his friend Trish have been videotaping the corruption, hoping that it might help prove Shaun's innocence and get him out of jail. Orin meets with Annette at a parking lot and he gets in Annette's truck and tells Annette what's going on. When Montini and Useldinger and a bunch of their men show up and try to kill Orin and Annette, Annette screeches out of the parking lot with Orin still in her truck. Orin and Annette are chased, and Annette is killed in the chase when her truck slams into the back of a bigger truck, sending her into her windshield. Orin tells Frank that Strutt will be having a meeting at a warehouse in about an hour, to sell the heroin that was stolen from Piper Tech. Strutt plans to try to sell it to Leon and T. K., not knowing that Leon is working against him. Frank promises that he'll be there with some backup. Orin then goes to George's house and tells George what's going on. George agrees to help Orin bring Strutt and his gang down. But it may be someone higher up who is behind the whole thing. Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A tough cop runs up against fellow cops selling drugs. 
 Kick-Ass 2 (2013)321) Following Kick-Ass' heroics, other citizens are inspired to become masked crusaders. But Red Mist leads his own group of evil supervillains to get revenge, kill Kick-Ass and destroy everything he stands for. After Kick-Ass' insane bravery inspires a new wave of self-made masked crusaders, led by the badass Colonel Stars and Stripes, our hero joins them on patrol. When these amateur superheroes are hunted down by Red Mist -- reborn as The Mother F%&*^r -- only the blade-wielding Hit Girl can prevent their annihilation. When we last saw junior assassin Hit Girl and young vigilante Kick-Ass, they were trying to live as normal teenagers Mindy and Dave. With graduation looming and uncertain what to do, Dave decides to start the world's first superhero team with Mindy. Unfortunately, when Mindy is busted for sneaking out as Hit Girl, she's forced to retire-leaving her to navigate the terrifying world of high-school mean girls on her own. With no one left to turn to, Dave joins forces with Justice Forever, run by a born-again ex-mobster named Colonel Stars and Stripes. Just as they start to make a real difference on the streets, the world's first super villain, The Mother F%&*^r, assembles his own evil league and puts a plan in motion to make Kick-Ass and Hit Girl pay for what they did to his dad. But there's only one problem with his scheme: If you mess with one member of Justice Forever, you mess with them all. Universal Pictures Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dave Lizewski (Aaron Taylor-Johnson) stands several feet away from Mindy Macready (Chloe Grace Moretz) as she aims a gun at him. She fires a round at his chest, throwing him off his feet, but it's shown he was trying out a bulletproof vest. Dave says that was awesome but is nervous when he sees Mindy pull out a bigger gun. He tells her not to shoot it at his chest and he walks away, leaving her to shoot him in the back. In the four years since Dave became the costumed vigilante known as Kick-Ass, Mindy has been enrolled at school by her new guardian and her father's former partner Marcus (Morris Chestnut) but has been cutting to continue training herself to become tougher. She hasn't gotten caught because she hacked the school's server and gave herself perfect attendance. Dave is dealing with being a high school senior and an increase in fatigue and boredom, even around his friends Marty (Clark Duke) and Todd (Augustus Prew). Additionally, other individuals have gone around dressed as superheroes, inspired by Dave's heroism. Dave asks Mindy to help him continue training to become as good a fighter as she is, which means she subjects him to a lot of beatings and bullets to the chest. Meanwhile, the spoiled and rotten Chris D'Amico (Christopher Mintz-Plasse) has moved to Long Island and is still seeking revenge against Kick-Ass for the death of his father (in the previous film). He complains to his mother Angie (Yancy Butler) and his new bodyguard/driver Javier (John Leguizamo) about her removing a news report on Kick-Ass from the DVR. Angie blocks out her son by drinking and getting into a tanning bed. Chris throws a tantrum and starts kicking the tanning bed, causing it to break and electrocute his mother. Dave expresses a fear of dying to Mindy, especially after her father was killed trying to be a superhero. Mindy tells Dave that if he fears death, he will eventually die, and adds that she considers her dad to have been the first true superhero. Chris is putting away his mom's belongings after her funeral, when Javier comes across a pair of guns that she owned. Chris also happens upon some S&M gear of hers (including anal beads), but he is most interested in the outfit that she has. Mindy puts Dave's training to the test by having him walk around a dangerous part of the city dressed as a pimp. He is followed by a group of four thugs who harass him with homophobic slurs, but Dave starts to take them on, doing pretty well until they gang up on him. One thug pulls a knife and prepares to kill him, but Mindy comes in dressed as Hit-Girl and single-handedly takes all of them out, ending with her slicing the hand off the lead thug with the knife. Dave and Mindy hear police sirens, forcing Mindy to run. Marcus overhears on the radio that someone fitting the description of Hit-Girl is on the run, and he calls Mindy, who fakes sick and rushes home on her motorcycle before Marcus gets home. She makes it and nearly fools him until he spots blood on her cheek, then sees she's still wearing her costume. Marcus tells her it is time for her to be done with Hit-Girl for good. Dave finds Mindy at school the next day and tries to talk to her, but she says she's sorry for ditching him and nearly getting him killed, and that she is done with Hit-Girl. Unfortunately, everybody overhearing this conversation thinks Mindy is breaking up with Dave. This includes Dave's girlfriend Katie (Lyndsy Fonseca), who effectively breaks up with him when she mistakenly thinks he is seeing Mindy and refuses to listen to his denials. Dave still takes it upon himself to be Kick-Ass, receiving a welcome back from the citizens of New York, but he feels alone without Hit-Girl as his partner. He contacts another costumed citizen named Dr. Gravity (Donald Faison), who claims to be a physics professor (he's not) who has a weapon that levitates objects (it's a baseball bat wrapped in tin foil). As he walks the streets, Kick-Ass is attacked by two thugs. He fights back and is helped by Dr. Gravity. They send the thugs away, and Dr. Gravity invites Kick-Ass to join his team of heroes. At the same time, Chris has donned his mother's S&M gear and fashioned himself a super villain costume, calling himself...The Motherfucker. His first act as a villain is to try and spread the word of his crimes by robbing a convenience store, but he's pissed to find there are no cameras around. He instead starts shooting the beverages, even hitting himself in the eye with his gun because of the recoil. Marcus, deciding that Mindy needs to live a normal life as a teenage girl, takes her to her first slumber party at the home of the high school's queen bee, Brooke (Claudia Lee), joined by Brooke's two shallow friends Harlow (Tanya Fear) and Dolce (Ella Purnell). They pester Mindy with questions such as if she's ever done anything with a boy. They put on a music video from a boy band called Union J, which gets Mindy's hormones going. She joins the girls to go sniff bath salts. Meanwhile that same evening, Kick-Ass joins Dr. Gravity at a meeting place for a new team of superheroes known as Justice Forever, led by former mafia hitman turned Born Again Christian superhero, Colonel Stars and Stripes (Jim Carrey). Also joining them is Night-Bitch (Lindy Booth), a young woman who started fighting crime after her sister was murdered; a husband-and-wife duo named Remembering Tommy after their son who disappeared; Insect Man (Robert Emms), a gay superhero who doesn't wear a mask because he feels he has nothing to hide; and Battle Guy, who is really Marty faking an origin story to sound cool, though Dave recognizes him and reveals to Marty that he is Kick-Ass. Together, Justice Forever patrols the streets of the city performing good deeds, such as volunteering at a soup kitchen. Dave enjoys the experience and even starts hooking up with Night-Bitch. Todd tries to join with a wetsuit of his own, taking on the name Ass-Kicker, which Dave and Marty mock him for, causing him to angrily leave. Chris decides to train himself to fight against Kick-Ass, going as far as getting help from Chuck Liddell. He gets his ass kicked by a skilled fighter (Daniel Kaluuya), but Chris decides to hire this guy to join his planned supervillain team, naming this guy Black Death (which Javier thinks is racist). At school, Brooke tries out for the cheerleading squad by putting on a risque performance for everyone watching. When Mindy is up, she visualizes a fight as Hit-Girl between a couple of ninjas. She shows off her fighting skills and passes it off as dance moves, which impresses everybody and makes Brooke look inferior. One evening, Dave and Marty go off in their superhero costumes to join Colonel Stars & Stripes and Night Bitch to catch a man named Jimmy Kim (Benedict Wong), who is running a prostitution ring with girls, and even children, from his village. Colonel S&S busts the bouncer up and storms in with the other three heroes, taking out Kim's gangsters together. When asked where the girls are, Kim refuses to comply, so Colonel S&S brings in his dog Eisenhower to take a bite of Kim's groin, and then threatens to shoot Kim in the head until he relents and admits where the girls are. Justice Forever frees the girls and gives them over $50,000 from Kim to send them on their way. Meanwhile, Chris continues recruiting villains for his team. With Javier's help, he picks three people: a short-statured and ruthless killer who Chris names The Tumor (Andy Nyman); a former Triad member who is dubbed Genghis Carnage (Tom Wu); and a hulking blond Russian ex-KGB woman who apparently ate her cellmate. She is named Mother Russia (Olga Kurkulina). Mindy goes on her first date with a boy named Simon (Wesley Morgan). He drives her out to the woods where he tries to hook up with her, but she refuses. Mindy then hears something in the woods and walks near it, only to find Brooke and her friends, along with other high schoolers, parked in their cars. Brooke walks out and tells Mindy that she's a loser who messed with the queen bee and is now getting stung. She gets Simon (whom is her boyfriend) to ditch Mindy and leave her alone in the woods. Mindy goes to Dave's house in tears, expressing her humiliation. He reassures her that she is tough and beautiful, inspiring her to be herself to take them on. Mindy goes to school the next day looking absolutely stunning in a purple dress and wearing make-up. She catches Brooke trying to use some "Mean Girls" ploy on a dowdy-looking girl, but Mindy tells the girl she doesn't need to follow them and gives her a wad of cash to get herself something nice. Brooke tries to browbeat Mindy again by telling her that she will never live the life that Brooke does, but Mindy simply responds by pulling out a device that looks like a phone. It turns out to be something from her father that causes vomiting and diarrhea. She uses it on Harlow and Dolce, causing them to projectile vomit, and then pulls it on Brooke, causing her to puke and shit herself in front of everybody. Chris visits his Uncle Ralph (Iain Glen) in prison to ask for his help in killing Kick-Ass. Ralph laughs Chris off, especially when he tells him that his name is The Motherfucker. He has one of Chris's guys call Javier, making Chris listen to Javier getting stabbed and killed by one of Ralph's guys. This inspires Chris to do something drastic. Colonel S&S is alone with Eisenhower when the dog starts barking. The Colonel finds nothing but then finds The Motherfucker and the other villains coming in. They call themselves the Toxic Mega-Cunts. Mother Russia breaks the Colonel's leg and impales him with a large blade. Chris finds the address and identity of Night-Bitch, whose real name is Miranda Swendlow. He leaves Mother Russia to break the Colonel's neck and decapitate him. Kick-Ass and the other Justice Forever team members hear of the Colonel's death. They know that Chris is bragging on Twitter as The Motherfucker about killing the Colonel, but they are unable to track his IP address. Dave goes home and finds his dad (Garrett M. Brown) in his room, holding the Kick-Ass suit. He knows his son has been going off late at night as a superhero, and he tells him to stop. Dave coldly rebuffs him and tells him that nobody will remember him when he's gone, and he leaves. The Toxic Mega-Cunts make their way down a suburban street and find Night-Bitch's home. They break in and chase her into her room where The Motherfucker tries to rape her, but he can't get hard despite his efforts. He orders The Tumor to beat her up. When they leave, the police start showing up, and Mother Russia begins a full-scale assault on every officer who comes by. She grabs a canister of gas and puts a cigarette in there to make a bomb and hurl it at a cop car, then goes as far as ramming a cop car with another car that has a lawn mower on it, shredding two cops apart. Distraught over the murder of 10 cops, the NY police begin to crack down on everybody seen wearing a mask or costume, whether they are criminals or not. They arrest the remaining members of Justice Forever. The cops arrive at Dave's home where Mr. Lizewski spots them. He takes the fall for Dave and is arrested, claiming that he is Kick-Ass. Dave calls Mindy to ask for her help, but she tell him that she is grounded for the incident at school and is unable to help. He visits his father in the city jail and is asked to promise that he will never wear the costume again. In his villainous lair, The Motherfucker laments that the shark he bought is immobile. It's also shown that he has loads of fertilizer to make bombs. Todd shows up in his Ass-Kicker costume and inadvertently reveals to The Motherfucker that the man arrested for being Kick-Ass is Dave's father. We see two goons come into Mr. Lizewski's cell when the cops are gone, and they say they want a picture together. Dave and Marty then go back to Marty's place when Dave gets a text from Chris. He collapses to the floor in shock when he looks at his phone. Marty picks it up and finds a horrifying picture of Dave's father, bloodied and hanged by the neck. Dave goes to his father's funeral, remorseful for what he said to him earlier. The members of Justice Forever (sans Night-Bitch, who is recovering in the hospital) attend without costumes after being released on parole. Dave sees Mindy, who consoles him. Several tombstones away, the Toxic Mega-Cunts (also without costumes) pull out weapons and fire at the attendants, releasing smoke bombs to create a diversion so they can abduct Dave and take him away in a van. Genghis Carnage orders him to put on the Kick-Ass suit, but Dave refuses. The villain pulls a knife on Dave, but he is shot in the head. Mindy has climbed onto the van and begins shooting at the other villains. After an intense and violent chase, she holds The Tumor at gunpoint and forces him to pull over. She interrogates him into telling her and Dave what The Motherfucker's plan is. She then tells Dave to look for pliers so she can cut off The Tumor's dick and feed it to him. Mindy calls Marcus to tell him that the villains are creating fertilizer bombs to bring the city down. Dave sends out a mass message on Facebook to ask every other wannabe superhero for help. The Motherfucker rounds up his army of villains to head out and execute their plan, but Kick-Ass and Hit-Girl infiltrate the lair. The Motherfucker laughs at them when he thinks they're fighting alone, but they open the doors to reveal their own army of costumed citizens, including Justice Forever. This makes most of the villains slightly more nervous. Kick-Ass throws the first punch and a large brawl ensues, with Kick-Ass fighting The Motherfucker while Hit-Girl takes on Mother Russia. Kick-Ass chases The Motherfucker out to the roof of the building while Mother Russia nearly kills Hit-Girl. She pulls out an adrenaline needle and holds it near Mother Russia, who thinks it contains a poison. She injects it into Hit-Girl, who fakes being dead, only to jump back with fury, bringing Mother Russia to her knees and repeatedly stabbing her with broken glass until she is dead. Meanwhile, Kick-Ass beats The Motherfucker's face in as payback for all the people he's hurt and killed. He falls through the skylight, but Kick-Ass catches him. The Motherfucker refuses his help and lets go, but then immediately regrets it. He lands in the shark tank and is then ripped apart by the shark. The heroes make citizens arrests and detain the villains. Justice Forever meets on the roof as a team once more before they retreat to avoid being arrested again. Mindy drops Dave off somewhere on her motorcycle and says she is leaving New York because she doesn't belong there anymore. She kisses Dave and goes off. Dave concludes the film by saying that the world doesn't need a hero who is super, but someone who is brave enough and can really kick ass. After the end credits, it's shown that Chris survived the shark attack, but his legs are gone, as are most of his fingers (and apparently his dick). He complains and asks for help as he is unable to even take a sip from his cup of water (but still leaving the door open for another sequel). 
 Detroit Rock City (1999)Summaries In 1978, four rebellious teenagers try to scam their way into a KISS concert. Four members of a high school band called Mystery do everything they can to attend a KISS concert in Detroit. In order to make it to the show they must steal, cheat, strip, deal with an anti-rock mom and generally do whatever it takes to see the band that has inspired them to be musicians. an Urban Achiever It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 It's a Boy Girl Thing (2006)761) Sworn enemies find themselves in each other's bodies, and use this to ruin each other's lives. The next door neighbors Nell Bedworth and Woody Deane have opposite behaviors and hate each other: the virgin geek Nell is polite, sensitive and well-prepared to go to Yale, while Woody is rude and his greatest expectation is to join a mediocre university due to his abilities playing football. When Nell and Woody are assigned to visit a museum together, they argue in front of a statue of an Aztec god. During the night, their souls swap bodies, bringing difficult situations to them. They first try to damage each other's reputation in high school, but soon they discover that their dream of joining college can only happen with mutual respect and support. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Westdale high-school Beavers star Woody Deane always enjoyed life as a cheerful jock, looking down upon his nerdy neighbor girl Nell Bedworth, who lives to get a Yale diploma promising a brighter future. Then an Aztec pagan idol curse body-swaps them. At first they sabotage each-other's life, then learn to look at it more sympathetically and try to help out mutually to save their dreams, in the process growing closely together. KGF Vissers Woody and Nell are two teens who go to the same school and are neighbors who don't like each other. Woody is a jock who thinks his ability to play football is his way to a scholarship so that he doesn't have to work with his father. And Nell is shy and intellectual who likes poetry, and also hopes to get into a college that has a good program for poets. They can't help run into each other and put each other down. When they go to a museum for school, they come across a statue and when they read the inscription, they switch bodies. So they're both worried that they'll lose their chance at going to the college they want and if they'll go back to their own bodies. rcs0411@yahoo.com In "It's a Boy Girl Thing" two rival teenagers, Nerdy yet cute girl Nell Bedworth and Mavric Jock Woody Deane bump heads continuously. With Woody's crude sexual jokes and continous mockery of Nell and Nell correcting Woody and being the "pencil neck" she is. But after a visit to an incan exibit they are cursed by an incan god. Forced to work together to achieve their dreams of college, Nell and Woody mentor each other and at the same time fall in love. The polar opposites hurry as homecoming is right around the corner and overcome teenage angst, puberty, family disapproval, and nasty highschoolers. Together they manage to have a happy ending and be a couple. 'It's a Boy Girl Thing' uses the high school comedy structure as a basis to explore teenage insecurities, hopes and fears. Nell (the smart, cute girl) and Woody (the big dumb jock) are two teenage rivals who find themselves in each others bodies after arguing in front of an Aztec statue in a museum, which then transfers their souls as they sleep, causing them to awake in each other bodies. After trying to work things out but coming to no conclusion, both Nell and Woody, inside each others bodies, begin ruining each others lives. But after all this bickering, both of them soon discover that if they work together and help each other, a happy ending might turn out after all. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. High school quarterback Woody Deane (Kevin Zegers of Transamerica) and Nell Bedworth (Samaira Armstrong of The O.C. and Entourage) are life long sworn enemies who wake up one day to find themselves in a very strange place: each other's bodies. Even if they can now survive their switched lives of girls' showers, boys' locker rooms, college interviews, the Homecoming football game and destroying each other's reputations, will they find that falling in love may be the ultimate out-of-body experience? Sharon Osbourne co-stars in this wild gender-bender comedy featuring a hot soundtrack of hits by Eminem, Black Eyed Peas, Elton John, James Blunt, Ozzy Osbourne, Girls Aloud, Mystikal and more! [D-Man2010] 