nm0003211:

 A Simple Plan (1998)541) Three blue-collar acquaintances come across millions of dollars in lost cash and make a plan to keep their find from the authorities, but it isn't long before complications and mistrust weave their way into the plan. Three diverse characters, for the most part intellectually challenged, find a deserted plane with a bag full of millions of dollars inside. They devise a simple plan to keep the money if no-one claims it. Ofcourse, nothing turns out simple... Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Two brothers, one a mild-mannered hardware store manager, the other an unemployed slob and a friend stumble onto $4.4 million cash in stolen money. The new-found booty leads Hank, the store manager (with help from his cunning wife), to great lengths to keep the money a secret from local authorities. The three men begin to doubt each other's trust, which leads to shocking results of lies and deceit. Joel White <jwhite@enol.com> When Hank, Jacob and Lou find $4.4 million inside a crashed plane in a nature preserve, they quickly come up with the plan to keep the money safe until the plane has been found by others and the dust has settled. But Jacob, Hank's brother, and Lou, a friend, do not behave the way they decided to. Lou, constantly in financial debt, wants his share soon and Jacob wishes to renovate their parents' farm. The trusty atmosphere between the unequal partners dissolves slowly, and intrigues are spun. Also, accidents start happening and when an FBI agent comes into town, looking for a crashed plane, Hank and his partners get into very deep water... Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Hank Mitchell is an ordinary guy who works at a small town feed store. His wife Sarah is expecting, and life is good. One day, Hank goes out with his brother Jacob, a simple loser, and Jacob's friend Lou, the town drunk. Hank and Jacob visit their father's grave, and on the way home a fox runs in front of Jacob's truck, causing them to wreck. Lou insists that the three pursue the fox into the woods to kill it. The three men get into the woods and get to talking. It is clear that Lou resents Hank, accusing him of "putting on airs." Just then, the men discover a crashed plane. Inside is a dead body with no ID and a bag containing several million dollars in cash. Hank wants to call the police, but Lou insists that the three split the money. Hank is reluctant, afraid that they will simply all get in trouble. He finally agrees on the condition that he be allowed to keep the money until spring, and if no one comes looking for it, they will split it and leave town. They bundle up the money and bring it to Jacob's truck. At that point they are approached by Sheriff Jenkins, who just stops to chat. Jacob tells the sheriff that they heard a plane in the distance as Hank nervously excuses themselves. Hank is furious at Jacob and Lou, who thought they could mention the plane to the sheriff in order to absolve themselves of suspicion in the event that the plane is found. Hank takes Lou home to his wife Nancy. They agree that they will keep it a secret from their wives. However, Hank goes home and immediately shows Sarah the money. She brainstorms and suggests that Hank and Jacob return a paltry sum of the money to the plane, so that if it is found, people may not look for the rest. The next day Hank and Jacob (without Lou's knowledge) travel to the plane to return some of the money. Jacob runs into Dwight Stephanson, an old man on a snowmobile. Jacob panics and hits Dwight over the head, presumably killing him. Hank takes the body out to conceal it, but Dwight wakes up. Hank then smothers him in order to protect his brother. Jacob then decides he wants to confess to the murder, but Hank notifies him that he was the one who actually killed Dwight. They load Dwight's body onto the snowmobile and drive it off a bridge, concealing the crime. Jacob brings Hank out to the old family farm. Jacob suggests that when they can spend the money that he should buy the old farm and run it. Hank scoffs, saying that Jacob's idea not only breaks their plan but that Jacob has no clue how to run a farm. Jacob tells Hank that the only reason the family lost the farm was that their father spent his money on Hank's college education. Meanwhile, Sarah has done research and concludes that the money they found was money from a kidnapping, and not a drug deal as they had originally assumed. This makes Hank all the more nervous, especially as one of the kidnappers would still be on the loose. Later, Lou comes to Hank and asks for his share of the money. Hank lies and tells him that it is in a storage locker far out of town. Lou reveals that Jacob told him about Dwight's murder, and threatens to tell the sheriff if Hank doesn't hand over the money. Sarah gives birth to her baby. She then gives Hank another idea: go out with Lou and Jacob and goad Lou into falsely confessing to Dwight's murder, recording the "confession" on tape. Hank asks Jacob to go along with it, but Jacob is very reluctant to betray his only friend. Hank promises Jacob that if he helps, that they can buy the family farm back. Hank and Sarah have Jacob over for dinner. Hank and Jacob talk about their father, with Jacob revealing that their father didn't die in an accident, but committed suicide so the family could have the insurance money. Their family apparently has a history of doing extreme things for money. The next night, Hank and Jacob take Lou out, supposedly to celebrate splitting up the money. Lou acts friendly to Hank but is obviously still resentful. Jacob is quiet and clearly angry with Hank for making him assist with this plan. They go to Lou's house where the men continue their talk. When Lou leaves the living room, Hank tells Jacob to goad Lou into confessing. Jacob gets angry at Hank. When Lou returns, Jacob belittles Hank, much to Lou's amusement. Suddenly, Jacob suggests that the two roleplay Hank's confession. Lou drunkenly goes along with this, saying that he killed Dwight. Hank draws the tape recorder and plays back the false confession. Lou argues that no one will ever believe it. Hank says that Lou is the town drunk and a loser, while Hank is respected, so everyone will believe him. Lou grabs his shotgun and holds it to Hank, demanding the tape. Jacob runs to his truck and grabs his rifle. Lou's wife Nancy comes downstairs and begs Lou to stop. Lou fires a shot just over Hank's head, and appears to be ready to kill Hank. Just then, Jacob shoots Lou in the head, killing him. Nancy is horrified. Hank tries to calm her down, but she grabs Lou's shotgun off the floor. Hank grabs it away from her, but she then runs into the kitchen and gets a pistol. She fires at Hank but he shoots back and kills her. Hank convinces a very distressed Jacob to tell the police that the married couple had a domestic dispute where Lou shot Nancy, forcing Jacob to kill Lou. Jacob agrees, and the two men get away once again. A while later, Sheriff Jenkins shows up at Hank's house during the night. Hank thinks he has been caught, but it turns out that the sheriff picked up Jacob drunk at Lou's house. Hank has Jacob in, who is clearly distraught about the violent turn their lives have taken. Later, Sheriff Jenkins calls Hank over to his office, where he introduces FBI agent Neil Baxter. Baxter tells him that he is searching for a lost plane, and since Jacob mentioned the plane to Sheriff Jenkins earlier on, they wanted to know if they could help with the search. Hank nervously agrees. At home, Hank tells Sarah of this new development. She is certain that Baxter is actually one of the kidnappers. Hank says that he is going to burn the money, but she demands that he doesn't. She names all of the things that they could do with the money and how life would be miserable if they didn't have it. Hank bitterly agrees not to burn it. Hank shows up at the sheriff's office to accompany Jenkins and Baxter on a search. Jacob is a no show. In the office, Sarah calls and tells Hank that she checked with the FBI and there is no agent Baxter. She advises Hank to flee as Baxter will likely kill them both when he finds the plane. Hank stalls for time and grabs a gun from Jenkins' gun cabinet, along with a variety of shells that may or may not fit. They get to the woods. Jacob arrives, saying that he spoke to Sarah on the phone. The sheriff gives Hank a whistle and says that if they find the plane they should fire a shot or blow the whistle and converge. They all split up into the woods, but Jenkins finds the plane and fires a few shots. Hank panics and runs towards the plane, screaming at Jenkins to watch out for Baxter. Just then, Baxter shoots and kills Jenkins. He turns to Hank and demands his money. He forces Hank into the plane to retrieve it. In the plane, Hank struggles to load the pistol. Most of the shells he grabbed don't fit. Finally, one slides into the chamber. He comes out of the plane with the small sum he returned earlier. Baxter looks through it as Hank draws his pistol. Baxter surrenders, but Hank shoots him dead anyway. Jacob arrives and surveys the bodies. Hank starts to concoct another lie, but Jacob says he has had enough. He begs Hank to kill him and frame Baxter for it, or else he will tell the police the entire real truth. Hank tearfully pulls the trigger on Jacob. Hank is taken to the sheriff's office and interviewed by the FBI. They tell him that some of the money in the plane was marked. Hank now knows that the money is useless, since he would quickly be caught spending it. Sarah begs him to keep it anyway, but he burns it in his fireplace. Hank tells us in voiceover that he has tried to go on with life as if nothing ever happened, but that the murderous events constantly haunt him. 
 BeetleBorgs (19961998)Summaries Their wish to become comic book heroes forces three kids to take on the heroes' mortal enemies. A trio of preteens are dared by two snobby brothers into going into a haunted house that is occupied by a trio of monsters. The kids accidentally free a genie that is trapped in a pipe organ. The genie offers to grant the kids one wish. The kids decide they want to become their favorite comic book heroes "BeetleBorgs". The genie grants the kids' wish but also accidentally unleashes the villains from the comics. Now the kids must use their new powers to get the villains back into the comics . Slasherfred It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tycus (1999 Video)Summaries An underground city is built to save a cross-section of humanity as a comet hurtles toward Earth. When photographer Jake Lowe gets gets a cryptic message from an old friend, he follows its instructions leading him to a remote research station in the Sierra mountains. After doing some snooping around, he learns a terrible secret: a giant comet will be passing next to the Earth, unleashing earthquakes, volcanoes, meteor strikes and other natural disasters that will destroy the world as we know it. Somehow, Lowe must get the word out and warn people of the coming catastrophe, but even if he succeeds, will it make any difference? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Miss Bala (2019)211) Gloria finds a power she never knew she had when she is drawn into a dangerous world of cross-border crime. Surviving will require all of her cunning, inventiveness, and strength. Based on the Spanish-language film. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Gloria Fuentes (Gina Rodriguez) is a Latin-American makeup artist from Los Angeles who visits her best friend Suzu (Christina Rodlo) in Tijuana, Mexico. Her friend is entering the Miss Tijuana pageant. The two go to register, and the women there comments that she wouldn't think Gloria would enter. Suzu tries to tell her off, but Gloria ignores the comment. Later, the pair decides to go out to a night club. There, they spot the Chief of Police, who Suzu wants to impress to help her chances in the competition. When Gloria goes to the bathroom, gunmen who are part of a crime organization Las Estrellas, break into the bathroom through the vents. They pull Gloria out of her stall but ultimately give her time to escape while they gun down the place. She escapes, hitting her head, and tries to get hold of her friend, who she lost in the crossfire. She can't and the next morning asks a police officer to take her to the station so that she can find her friend. The police officer tells her he's "getting lunch" and gives her up to Las Estrellas. They take her to their headquarters where the boss Lino (Ismael Cruz Cordova) agrees to help her find Suzu if she agrees to work for them. She reluctantly agrees and is told to get into a car and park it on a corner. She does, and when she leaves the car and joins the men at the top of the hill, they blow up the building, revealed to be a DEA Safehouse containing three agents. Lino then sends Gloria to the Miss Tijuana pageant where she attempts an escape through the bathroom. She sees a white man and asks if he's American and could help her. He turns out to be a DEA agent and threatens her with years in prison if she doesn't help the DEA get to Las Estrellas. She begs to be let go, but they make her use a tracking chip in her phone and send her back. She goes back to Las Estrellas and is sent to San Diego with money and drugs attached to her car. The DEA is still tracking her. She arrives at the Border and is very scared that she will be discovered. She gets through without a problem and goes to the location in the GPS in San Diego, where she meets Jimmy (Anthony Mackie). He tells her to tell Lino that the DEA has a mole in his operation. Gloria leaves with another car full of weapons and gets through the border without issue. She gets in contact with the DEA, who she tells where she was told to come back to. A parking lot by a bull ring. They tell her there are two yellow doors she will be able to escape to once they can get to Lino. She gets to the bull ring, and the men in Las Estrellas get their weapons. However, the police show up with the DEA. Gloria makes a run for it, but when she realizes that there is no help beyond the yellow doors and that she has been played, is visibly upset. When Lino runs to get her and is shot in the leg, she realizes she has two choices. To run and be hunted or to help him and find her friend. She helps him, and he deems her trustworthy. The DEA agents are killed. They head to another safe house where Gloria meets Isabel (Aislinn Derbez). She was threatened into joining Las Estrellas and bears an e* tattoo, meaning she belongs to them. When Gloria hears that they will be checking phones, she transfers the chip the DEA gave her to another phone. Unknowingly, she puts it in Isabella's phone, and Lino kills her for being a mole. Gloria is distraught and the next morning yells at Lino. He wants to kill the chief of police, so he sends Gloria to Miss Tijuana and bribes the judges so that she will win since it's rumored the chief of police sleeps with every winner. She goes to the after party, where she agrees to meet the chief in another bedroom. She soon finds Suzu and tells her everything will be okay. However, when Suzu shows her the e* tattoo, she quickly realizes that Lino deceived her and that he had known where she was the whole time. In the room with the chief, she writes on a postcard that Lino is going to kill him. He quickly escapes outside, and Gloria goes to find Suzu. She does, and they head outside where Gloria shoots the chief of police but does not kill him. Lino arrives and kills him. Gloria points her gun at Lino, confessing she knows that he was aware of Suzu's whereabouts. He tries to bargain with her and then shoot her, but she shoots him first. This time fatally. The two women are arrested, and when Gloria is taken into an interrogation room, she finds Jimmy without tattoos. When he opens the door to get coffee, she sees that she is the Central Intelligence Agency. She quickly realizes that Jimmy was playing Lino and is an agent. He tells her that she could be very useful to the CIA and she agrees to help him if he drops all charges against her and Suzu. Gloria returns Suzu to her aunt and brother and goes back into the car with Jimmy. The final shot is of the car driving down the street. 