nm0005001:

 Rip It Off (2001)Summaries Three women outsmart unsavory men who try to cheat them out of their take in an almost-botched casino heist. The Russians smalltime crooks Sergei Akotia and Yuri plan to hold up two million dollars from a casino with the inside information of the security guard Troy and the support of two dirty cops. When the two cops are killed, they decide to call off the heist and they kick out their girlfriends Misha and Lexi. Misha and Lexi meet an old friend of Misha, Helena Toretti, who is in a divorce process with the bored and upset detective Jack. The trio plots revenge against the guys and decide to rob the casino with Troy. But the plan turns upside-down with unpredictable events. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cold Case (20032010)321) The Philadelphia homicide squad's lone female detective finds her calling when she's assigned "cold cases", older crimes that have never been solved. Lilly Rush is a Philadelphia police detective working for the department's homicide squad and being assigned "cold cases": crimes that were committed many years before and have not been solved. Lilly must try to re-think the crime scenes and interview other people involved with the victims to find a link to solving the cases. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Detective (Lilly) Rush is a homicide detective working for the Philadelphia Police Department in the present day. Although she initially dabbled in current crimes, she begins focusing on "cold cases" (murder cases in the past that were originally never solved). Assisting her along the way are her colleagues. Her boss and at times surrogate father figure, John Stillman, is her mentor and the one who was there for her in the past after she was assaulted as a child. Her partner, Detective Scotty Valens, is also her best friend, and a street-smart guy who struggled with extreme grief and guilt after his schizophrenic girlfriend began seeing imaginary friends from childhood called "the giants" and eventually took her own life. Lilly grew up with an alcoholic mother who acted more like a needy child than a mom. Her father was out of the picture throughout childhood, and her promiscuous sister, Christina, was known as the family tramp after Lilly's boyfriend cheated on her while he was drunk. Because of the ordeal, Lilly often resents her entire family although she does care about them all the same. Among Lilly's other colleagues are: Detective Will Jeffries: Jeffries is a former Vietnam war vet and high school D.J. who, while working as a police officer before getting into the homicide career, lost his wife in a fatal truck hit-and-run accident. Because of the accident, he often despises people who drive unsafely and ignore the rules of the road. He's one of the most valued members of the team and a good friend to the other detectives. Detective Kat Miller: Miller worked in narcotics and was introduced to homicide in Season 4. She's one of Lilly's best friends and knows the areas of Philadelphia like the back of her hand, a useful skill as a detective. She has a daughter called Veronica, whose deadbeat father is an ex-gangster. Initially Miller wants to keep Veronica away from her father at all costs because of his criminal past, but by Season 7 she eventually decides to compromise with her former husband after he tries to gain full custody of the child. Detective Nick Vera: Vera is an overweight big-mouth at times, but is actually very caring and really wants to have a family (his wife left him and started a family with another man). Vera is revealed in Season 7 to be on the verge of a nervous breakdown after unintentionally having an innocent man convicted of murder. Despite this, he's a great cop. Franny: Franny is a medical forensics expert who often examines cadavers and crime scene evidence throughout the first half of the show. Louie: Louie is an expert at the science of fire and explosives, using his skills to help solve crimes where these things were present as a weapon. Lilly likes him as a good friend, and eventually he gets married to a science teacher and invites the Cold Case team to his wedding. Frankie: Frankie studies photography in the police department, mostly working with traditional film. She has a brief relationship with Scotty. Cold Case is unique because, unlike most crime shows, it focuses on the past, celebrating nostalgia and combining present technology and police methods with old-school music and references to things like vinyl records, disco, super 8 film, roller rinks and the hippie counterculture, among other things. As the show progresses it gets much more intense and several side-stories arise. The show also bases several episodes on films like The Breakfast Club, The Ice Storm, Fight Club and The Big Chill. Unfortunately Cold Case was cancelled by CBS during Season 7, but rumors about a revival have been brought up by fans of the show ever since. Cold Case is the Americanized version of a Canadian television program called Cold Squad. 
 Mrs. Winterbourne (1996)44) Connie, unwed and pregnant, is heading to Boston by train when she meets wealthy newlyweds Hugh and Patricia. The train crashes, and when Connie comes to in the hospital, she is mistaken for Patricia, who died in the crash with Hugh. Connie Doyle is eighteen and pregnant when her boyfriend kicks her out. She accidentally ends up on a train where she meets Hugh Winterbourne and his wife Patricia who is pregnant. The train wrecks and she wakes up in the hospital to find out that it's been assumed that she's Patricia. Hugh's mother takes her in and she falls in love with Hugh's brother Bill. Just when she thinks everything is going her way, her ex-boyfriend shows up. Shannon Andrews <Shannon.B.Andrews@m.cc.utah.edu> Aboard a train, philandering gentleman womanizer Hugh Winterbourne meets pregnant Connie Doyle (19), who desperately left her hometown being kicked out by her brutish boyfriend Steve DeCunzo. The train crashes, killing Hugh and Patricia, the pregnant new wife he was to present to his family. Connie is accidentally mistaken for Patricia and after hospitalization brought to the late Hugh's grand family estate. There she is warmly welcomed by her 'in-laws', meddling matriarch Grace Winterbourne and her perfect son, Hugh's conformist responsible twin brother Bill. His romantic feelings for his 'sister in law' are reciprocated, albeit awkwardly. Although accepted by Father Brian Kilraine, Grace's favorite guest, and Bill's confident, chauffeur Paco, Connie feels guilty and considers leaving, but that would rob her baby of the far better future only such a rich family can offer. Then the biological father Steve turns up, to blackmail her. KGF Vissers A woman gets pregnant by her boyfriend, who then leaves her. She boards a train, which crashes and she ends up in a hospital, mistakenly identified as Patricia Winterbourne, a widow who's husband died in the train crash. She comes to live with the rich family of her deceased "husband." Her new life is ruined when the real father of her baby comes back. Cyndi Kessler <ckessler@hooked.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mr. Wrong (1996)Summaries A lonely single woman finds the seemingly-perfect man to date, but soon regrets it when his deranged, possessive other personality emerges and she cannot convince anyone else of his Jekyll-and-Hyde true nature. Martha Alston (Ellen DeGeneres) is a single woman working at a television talk show. When her younger sister gets married, everyone wonders when Martha will meet Mr. Right and tie the knot. By chance Martha suddenly meets a handsome stranger named Whitman Crawford (Bill Pullman), the two fall madly in love. But Martha soon discovers little quirks in Whitman, little quirks that become horrifying nightmares. But by the time she realizes that she must break up with him, it'll take more than subtle hints to make him go away; she'll need to get into the most outrageous predicaments to rid herself of Mr. Wrong. Eric Yang <esy@netcom.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 