nm0008011:

 Gaby & the Girls (2004 )Summaries We meet Gaby 3 months after splitting up with boyfriend Chris. Chris -once a underground dj has now sold out and is all over tv screens and cheesy radio stations. His next career move is getting engaged to PR guru Modesty. Modesty relishes the thought of inviting Gaby to their engagement party and rubbing it in her face.....The race is on for Gaby's friends to find her a date to take to the party. Gaby needs to save face. The girls set about their task with enthusiasm..... 6 weeks to find one guy, could it be that hard? Tiffany It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chris Barrie's Motoring Wheel Nuts (1995 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bernard's Watch (19972005)Summaries A young boy is given a watch that can stop time by "The Postman". A young boy named Bernard is given a special gift by "The Postman," a member of the "Time Keeping Society." Bernard, late for his best friend Karen's birthday party, finds that everything goes wrong with him and he just cannot keep time. However, after losing all hope, a rainbow appears and at the end is a golden watch--that stops time. Now Bernard is able to keep time. With help from Karen, his cousin Lucy, and the mysterious "Postman," he is able to fight crime and help people--but he also gains a few enemies. Sophie Ball It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Atomic Kitten: Follow Me (2000 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 