nm0009220:

 Roommates (1995)Summaries An elderly yet young-at-heart man moves in with his grandson and both their lives turn upside-down. Michael Holeczak has a most unusual roommate, his grandfather, Rocky. Now Rocky's a bit strange but loves Michael and only has his best interest. Michael would live with Rocky after his parents died. Michael would grow up go to school, become a doctor, Rocky would live alone abut when Rocky's about to be thrown out and placed in a retirement home, he refuses. Michael then takes him in. They would stay together even when Michael got married and had a family. And Rocky would always be there for Michael and Michael for him. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Screen Two (19852002)Summaries Producer Kenith Trodd was part of a 1984 team brought together to study how the BBC should respond to Channel Four's pioneering efforts in making movies for television and theatrical release. The result was a transition from the earlier concept of studio-made plays, such as "Play for Today" and the introduction of the new BBC anthology movie series, "Screen One" and "Screen Two", with Trodd's supervision of the initial group of titles in 1985. Bhob Stewart <bhob2@earthlink.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Extreme Marksmen (2008 TV Movie)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this sequel to Sharp Shooters discover people who perform seemingly impossible shooting feats with all kinds of firearms. Watch world-class shooters perform amazing shots as well as reenact shots made famous in history. Stories will include the toughest shot in Old West shooting exhibitions (the mirror shot) as well as modern-day Army snipers who hit targets a mile away. Super high-speed cameras will capture a bullet in the air and travel with its trajectory to the target and animation will dissect the technology of the gun, the ammunition, and the technique. 
 What We Do Is Secret (2007)Summaries The true-life story of Darby Crash , who became an L.A. punk icon after getting kicked out of high school and forming The Germs with a collection of friends who have little experience with their instruments or playing music. The true-life story of Darby Crash, who became an L.A. punk icon before taking his own life in 1980. After getting kicked out of high school, Darby forms The Germs with a collection of friends who have little experience with their instruments or playing music; Pat Smear, Lorna Doom and Don Bolles. After a few disastrous gigs, the band begins to click and Darby and The Germs soon find themselves the talk of the L.A. punk scene. When hard drugs enter the picture, Darby starts alienating those closest to him and when The Germs collapse, he's at a loss to figure out what comes next. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 