nm0001612:

 Friends (19942004)761) Follows the personal and professional lives of six twenty to thirty-something-year-old friends living in Manhattan. Ross Geller, Rachel Green, Monica Geller, Joey Tribbiani, Chandler Bing, and Phoebe Buffay are six twenty-somethings living in New York City. Over the course of 10 years and seasons, these friends go through life lessons, family, love, drama, friendship, and comedy. The lives of twenty-something friends in New York City, each with their own dreams and drives: Joey a struggling actor, Monica a chef, Rachel a waitress who hopes to work in fashion, Ross a paleontologist, Chandler who hates his job in data processing, and Phoebe a masseuse/musician. "With a Little Help From My Friends" is a song written by the Beatles (and expertly covered by Joe Cocker) and it could easily be the subtitle for the thirty minute comedy, "Friends". In 1994, the idea was created for "Friends": a show about six friends in New York as they navigate their way through life and learn to grow up as they approach the third decade of their life. All, with the help from each other to get them through the obstacles that life naturally has for us. Monica is the excessively neat and organized "older sister" of the group, who works as a chef while yearning to find her ideal love. Ross, Monica's older brother, is a paleontologist with a lifelong crush on Rachel. He is a laid-back man with low self esteem and a recent divorcee. Rachel is the pretty, bubbly girl who spent most of her life as a spoiled rich princess. Now she must learn to face the real world. Chandler is Ross' college buddy and the guy who will crack jokes at a moment's notice. Phoebe is a lovable eccentric masseuse who easily could have fit in with Haight Ashbury in the 1960s. And Joey, the friend who has an inverse relationship between his good looks and his intelligence. He dreams of becoming an actor. These six individuals make up the cast of Friends. In May 2004, Friends officially ended it's phenomenal 10 year run. The show's time slot was taken over by a spin-off called Joey. ahmetkozan Six young (20-something) people from New York City (Manhattan), on their own and struggling to survive in the real world, find the companionship, comfort and support they get from each other to be the perfect antidote to the pressures of life. This average group of buddies goes through massive mayhem, family trouble, past and future romances, fights, laughs, tears and surprises as they learn what it really means to be a friend. ahmetkozan A Comedy Series based in Manhatten about 6 young friends, in the struggle to find success and happiness in life, but it is never that straight forward, is it? Rachel Green - A popular schoolgirl of the past, is now a spoiled brat living off her fathers finance. In an attempt to start a new life after running out on her wedding, she shares an apartment with an old best friend Monica Geller, and eventually befriends the other 4 and Monica's older brother, Ross. Monica Geller - A compulsive neat freak, who has trouble with her love life. Monica was teased when she was in high school for being overweight. However, now a head-chef at a top restaurant in Manhatten, she has lost all her excessive weight, and just wants to start a family with 'the right guy' to complete a happy life. Ross Geller - Older Brother of Monica, he has always had strong love feelings for Rachel. A successful professor of science leads him to be often teased by the other 5 friends about his profession. Ross has experienced many misfortunes in life, including 3 divorces and bringing up a child with his lesbian ex-wife. Ross now is devoted to finding a girl to settle down with, without a divorce, and makes it his personal goal to share happiness with Rachel. Phoebe Buffay - Brought up as a fatherless child, Phoebe is a ditzy yet loveable hippy, who has become a personal masseuse. Despite liking her profession, her dream is to become a star in the music industry and bases her songs on her life experiences. The other 5 friends secretly believe that Phoebe will never make it, but still encourage her to write. Phoebe often performs at the 'Central Perk' coffee house, and strongly believes in herself. Chandler Bing - A financially secure data processor, who relies on humor as a defense mechanism. Despite being rich, the other 5 have no idea what his profession is, and Chandler is a wimpy, average looking cigarette addict, who has never had a serious relationship. Will he ever get it, and is she just round the corner from him? Joey Tribiani - Despite being close to all the friends, he is especially open with Chandler, who his also his roommate. Joey is a small time actor, who desperately wants fame and fortune, and Chandler has high hopes of Joey, so helps Joey with money for acting lessons and professional photographs. Despite being a relatively bad actor, Joey is an adorable, sensitive guy, who is very successful with women, but needs to become famous and rich to complete his successful life. Mekaeal Chaudary Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Comedy series about a tight-knit group of friends living in Manhattan. It also covers their interactions with their families, their lovers, and various colleagues over a period of several years. The series opens with runaway bride Rachel Green, who has just abandoned her fiance Barry Farber at the altar. Having no place to stay in New York City, she manages to locate Monica Geller. Monica used to be Rachel's best friend during their high school year, though they have not seen each other in several years. Rachel convinces Monica to take her in as her new roommate. They rekindle their friendship. Rachel used to be a "daddy's girl" who relied entirely on her wealthy father to cover her expenses. Having lost his favor, she gets her first real job as a waitress at the coffeehouse Central Perk. She has no actual skill at her job, but her manager Gunther has fallen for her and never fires her. In later seasons, Rachel is able to find a more lucrative job in a fashion company. Monica is a hardworking chef, who owns her own apartment. She is good at her job, but has men-related problems in her personal life. She also has her share of psychological problems, including an obsession with cleanliness, unreasonable levels of competitiveness and frequent signs of obsessive-compulsive behavior. Additional issues explored in the series involve her traumatic memories of her childhood obesity, and her poor relationship with her mother, who always criticizes her. The third member of the group is Ross Gellar, Monica's older brother. He is a paleontologist, who is trying to recover from the abrupt end of his first marriage. His wife Carol Willick came out as a lesbian, and moved in with her lover Susan Bunch. Ross and Carol have a son, Ben. Ross tries to be a good parent, but does not have full custody over him. Meanwhile, he pursues relationships with various women, and tries to advance his career. In later seasons, Ross impulsively marries twice, leading to two more divorces. His string of failed marriages somewhat damages his self-esteem. As explored throughout the series, he was always his parents' favorite and he had an inflated ego. The fourth member of the group is Chandler Bing, a lifelong friend of Ross. He works as a statistical analyst at a company. He resents his job, though it pays well and he is typically more affluent than his friends. He has a sarcastic sense of a humor. He is rather effeminate in behavior, though he is upset when people keep assuming that he is homosexual. As explored in the series, Chandler is the son of celebrity parents. His father is drag queen performer Charles Bing, a fixture of Las Vegas show business. His mother is erotic novelist Nora Tyler Bing, highly successful in her field. He grew up exposed to their respective sex lives, and their eccentricities. He has had more than his share of traumatic experiences and personal insecurities, and typically uses humor as a self-defense mechanism. The fifth member of the group is struggling actor Joey Tribbiani. He starts the series as Chandler's roommate and the two have a closer relationship to each other than anyone else. Joey experiences the unsteady nature of his profession, with relatively few high-profile roles and frequent periods of unemployment. Joey is depicted as rather dim-witted, but gregarious and quite charming. He is a ladies' man, and typically picks up dates or has sex more frequently than anyone else in the group. He has relatively few serious relationships. In his relations to others, he demonstrates a protective streak. He can act as a surrogate brother to his friends. The sixth member of the group is Phoebe Buffay, Monica's former roommate. She works as a masseuse and self-taught folk musician. Phoebe's mother committed suicide when Phoebe was 14-years-old. Phoebe has mostly fended for herself ever since, and reportedly committed a few crimes while living as a street kid. Grown-up Phoebe has instead become a pacifist, a vegetarian, and a tree hugger. She has picked up a few New Age ideas and superstitions, such as believing in spirits and reading in tea-leaves. To Ross' annoyance, Phoebe does not believe in the theory of evolution. Despite having little formal education, Phoebe is apparently fluent in French and Italian. Subplots involving Phoebe involve her relations with surviving members of her family, such as the father who abandoned her, and a kid brother who relies on her for help. Phoebe also has an identical twin sister, Ursula, who seemingly hates Phoebe for unknown reasons. 
 Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip (20062007)Summaries A behind-the-scenes look at a fictional sketch-comedy television show. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fools Rush In (1997)431) After a one night stand with Alex, Isabel realizes that she is pregnant and they decide to get married. However, along with the marriage comes compromise of one's own cultural traditions. Sparks fly and cultures collide in this romantic comedy about a casual night of passion that turns into the love of a lifetime. Alex Whitman is a New Yorker sent to Las Vegas to oversee a construction project. There he meets Isabel Fuentes, and some serious chemistry brings them together for one night. But Alex doesn't see Isabel again until three months later, when he learns she is pregnant. On a whim and prayer, he proposes. However, there's more to marriage than a Vegas chapel and an Elvis impersonator, as Alex and Isabel soon learn. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> After a chance meeting in Las Vegas and a night together at his place, a young American construction supervisor, Alex Whitman, leaves Mexican photographer Isabel Fuentes pregnant. She finds him a few months later just to let him know what happened. In the rush of the moment he follows her and they decide to get married. After that, a clash of customs and ideas develops in their families and in their relationship because of their different cultural and national backgrounds. Marcos Eduardo Acosta Aldrete Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Fools Rush In (1997) is a romantic comedy directed by Andy Tennant. The film features Mathew Perry as Alex Whitman and Salma Hayek as Isabel Fuentes. Alex Whitman is an American man in his late twenties who is approaching the height of his career as he is sent from New York to oversee a project in Las Vegas. Isabel Fuentes is a Mexican woman living in Las Vegas within her community of Mexican culture and family. After a chance encounter one night in Las Vegas, their immediate romance leads to a sexual experience that ends with Isabel leaving abruptly in the morning. Three months after the one night stand, Isabel comes to Alex's doorstep with news of her pregnancy from their initial encounter. After a couple hours of effortless connection and romance, Alex and Isabel elope and start their lives together. Their relationship begins with ease, but quickly becomes difficult when they are faced with the reality of coming from different lives and cultures. The marital problems they face include: difficulty getting approval and support from their prospective families, differences in their priorities between family and work, and contrasting plans of living arrangements for their premature family. After they both agree on a plan of remaining in Las Vegas for the remainder of their pregnancy before moving to New York City, Alex's plans change when he gets offered the job of his dreams that would require him to move back sooner. Alex lies to Isabel about his plan for as long as he can before she discovers. After needing a trip to the hospital, Isabel decides to lie to Alex when he visits her and tells him that she had a miscarriage and ends the relationship. Isabel undergoes the rest of her pregnancy in central Mexico with her family as Alex lives an unfulfilled life of work in New York. After he attempts to be open to the signs of destiny, he discovers that he truly loves Isabel and wants to be with her. After traveling to Mexico then Las Vegas, he finds Isabel and discovers she is still pregnant while confessing his love to her. She gives birth to their child along the Hoover Dam after her water breaks during Alex's confession. At the end, both Isabel and Alex remarry in front of their family and friends and restart the rest of their lives together. 
 The Whole Nine Yards (2000)761) A struggling dentist's life is turned upside down when a famous gangster moves in next door, and his wife convinces him to inform a notorious mob boss about the gangster's whereabouts. Montreal, Canada. A down-on-his luck dentist, "Oz" Oseransky ( Matthew Perry ), discovers that his new neighbor is Jimmy "The Tulip" Tudeski ( Bruce Willis ), former mob-contract-killer-turned-police-informant upon whose head the Hungarian mob has put a steep price. Egged on by his loathsome wife, Sophie ( Rosanna Arquette ), Oz sets off to Chicago to let the mob know where The Tulip is and hopefully claim part of the reward. grantss Oz is a Montral dentist, paying off debts so he can divorce his wife: the dislike is mutual. When she learns their new neighbor is hit man Jimmy the Tulip, with a price on his head, she sends Oz to Chicago to earn a finder's fee telling Mob boss Yanni where to find Jimmy. To get his wife off his back, Oz goes, his assistant Jill urging him to get laid while there. One of Yanni's men awaits Oz at the hotel; Oz's now in too deep to avoid telling Yanni what he knows. Meanwhile, Oz's wife rats on Oz to Jimmy, hoping Jimmy will kill Oz and she can cash in on life insurance. Oz meets Jimmy's wife (Yanni's captive), flips for her, and the double-crosses mount. Even Jill isn't whom she seems. <jhailey@hotmail.com> A miserable suburban dentist in Canada is terrified when he finds out a former mob hitman from Chicago has moved next door to him. When he tells his greedy wife, however, she forces him to go to Chicago and try to sell the hitman's location to the mobsters he betrayed. Kfurnas <krf5663@ksu.edu> Jimmy "The Tulip" Tudeski, a mob hitman-turned-informant, ratted on the mob and put his life in jeopardy. Now he has moved to suburban Montreal, ostensibly to make a new start. His next-door neighbor is mild-mannered, unhappily married dentist Nick 'Oz' Oseransk. Nick recognizes Jimmy from the newspaper stories about his mob testimony, and that's when Nick's simple, boring world turns upside down. mjedmondson Well, there goes the neighborhood - in a pine box. When hit man Jimmy "The Tulip" Tudeski moves into a comfy suburb, everyone's suddenly in danger of pushing up daisies. And it's not all Jimmy's doing, either: Jimmy's arrival sparks a chain reaction in which just about everybody wants to clip somebody else. There's a hapless dentist who finds a way to get on the Tulip's good and bad sides. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nicholas "Oz" Oseransky (Matthew Perry) is a Quebec dentist from Chicago, trapped in a miserable marriage to the daughter of his late, ex-partner. He can't divorce her because her father embezzled from the dental practice, and it would leave him with nothing but debt. As the movie opens, Oz comes down to the kitchen, where his wife, Sophie, and her mother are having breakfast. Sophie tells Oz she needs $5000, but won't say what for. He leaves for work, taking some frustration out on the steering wheel on the way. At the office, we are introduced to his assistant, Jill (Amanda Peet). Jill and Oz have lunch and she tells him that his wife isn't a good person. They joke about having her taken out of the picture, and Jill tells him to name a price. When Oz gets home, a new neighbor is moving in next door. Oz thinks that "Jimmy Jones" looks familiar, and after recognizing a tatoo on Jimmy's forearm, realizes that he's Jimmy "the Tulip" Tudeski (Bruce Willis). Tudeski is an infamous contract killer from Chicago who has been given amnesty after ratting out Lazlo Gogolak and other members of the Gogolak gang. After an uncomfortable encounter, Oz runs home in a panic and tells Sophie they're moving. But Sophie insists that Oz return to Chicago to collect a finder's fee by giving up Jimmy's wherabouts to Lazlo's son, Janni (Kevin Pollak). Upon arriving in Chicago, Oz has lunch with an old friend and confesses that he has no intention of meeting with Janni. Unfortunately, when Oz returns to his hotel room, he is greeted by Frankie Figs (Michael Clarke Duncan) who turns out to be one of Janni's enforcers. Frankie roughs Oz up to get the truth out of him and then takes him to Janni. At Janni's estate, Oz meets Cynthia (Natasha Henstridge), Jimmy's estranged wife. Janni instructs Frankie to accompany Oz back to Canada and keep an eye on Jimmy until Janni and his men arrive to take him out. Back at the hotel, Oz is freaking out when there's a knock at the door. It's Cynthia. She asks if Oz really knows where to find Jimmy, explaining that Janni and Jimmy both want her (as well as each other) dead in order to collect on $10 million dollars being held in trust in their names. Oz woos Cynthia and the two share a bottle of scotch and end up sleeping together. Then Oz vows to find a way to protect Cynthia from Jimmy. Back in Canada, Frankie and a very nervous Oz enter another hotel room and see Jimmy waiting inside. It turns out that Frankie and Jimmy are old friends and together, are planning to take out Janni and his men (and Cynthia) when they come to do the hit on him. Oz returns to work and tells Jill about the events in Chicago. Jill is extremely excited when she finds out Jimmy the Tulip is Oz's neighbor and makes Oz take her to meet him. Jill tells Jimmy that he's her hero and the reason she wants to be a contract killer. We find out that Sophie tried to use the $5000 to have Jill kill Oz, but Jill ended up liking Oz after getting to know him and refused the contract. As Jimmy and Jill discuss the upcoming ambush, Oz gets angry and says that he won't stand by and let them kill Cynthia. Meanwhile, Sophie is in bed (literally) with a new hitter she has secured with her $5000. Oz is back at home and tries to call and warn Cynthia about Jimmy's plan, but she is already on the way with Janni. When they arrive at Oz's house, Oz gets a chance to warn Cynthia, while she warns him that Janni will kill him after killing Jimmy. The two watch from Oz's garage as Janni's gang walks into the trap. Down the street, Sophie and her hitter are in his car. She is discussing the payment and promises that her mother will pay the remainder of his fee after the job is done. The hitter (played by Harland Williams) is distracted when he recognizes Janni Gogolak heading toward Jimmy's house. When Sophie tells him whose house it is, he realizes what's about to happen, pulls out a gun and exits the car, leaving Sophie bewildered. When Janni enters the house, he is distracted by a naked Jill, and she, Jimmy and Frankie are easily able to kill Janni and his men. Sophie's hitter is in the yard when he hears Oz's car peel out behind him. Oz and Cynthia are making a break for it. This draws Jimmy's attention to the window. He has Jill get the mystery hitter's attention and then shoots him. Sophie sees this and runs, screaming, down the street. When they get the body inside, they realize he is an undercover cop. As they start to get a plan together to dispose of the bodies, Oz calls. While they are on the phone, Jill reveals that Oz slept with Cynthia in Chicago -- which she thinks is great -- but it infuriates Jimmy. Oz makes a deal with them that will benefit everyone. He will alter the cop's teeth to exactly match Jimmy's. They then put the cop's body and Janni's into Oz's car and set it on fire, rendering the bodies unidentifiable, except by dental records. Jimmy is still really mad, but luckily, the plan works. The investigators think that Janni and Jimmy are both dead. This allows Cynthia to collect the $10 million, which as a part of the deal, she has agreed to transfer to Jimmy in exchange for her and Oz's lives. The investigators also find the undercover cop's car when they go to check out Jimmy's house. Inside the car is a tape recorder, the contents of which are more than enough to put Sophie and her mother in prison. The next day, the key players meet up in the city. While Cynthia and Jill go to the bank to transfer the money, Oz heads to an art museum with Jimmy, where they will be around people and Oz thinks he'll be safe. Jimmy has other plans though and takes Oz (along with Frankie Figs) out on a private yacht. Back at the bank, Jill asks Cynthia if she's tempted to take the money and run. Cynthia decides that she loves Oz and can't leave him to be killed by Jimmy. Jill tells Cynthia that Jimmy wants her and Oz to have $1 million as a wedding gift, and the two women make the transfers. On the boat, Jimmy gets the call that the money has been received. He pulls out a gun and points it at Oz. Frankie grins knowingly before Jimmy turns and shoots him instead. Oz is floored, but happy to be alive. He tells Jimmy that it's obvious he's in love with "her." Jimmy acts confused, thinking Oz is referring to Cynthia. In the next shot, Jill runs on the boat and jumps into Jimmy's arms. Oz leaves to meet Cynthia. As soon as he sees her, he asks her to marry him. She looks disappointed and asks if Jimmy told him (about the money.) Oz doesn't know what she's talking about, and so she happily agrees to marry him. In the closing scene, the two newlyweds are on a hotel balcony overlooking Niagara falls, dancing to a bluesy version of Ira Gershwin's "They All Laughed" as the credits roll. 