nm0011321:

 They Went That-A-Way & That-A-Way (1978)Summaries Small-town deputy is ordered by the governer to go undercover, posing as a criminal, in a maximum security prison. Shortly after his mission begins, the governor dies, leaving him and his partner stranded in jail. K. Rose <rcs@texas.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sherlock Holmes (19641968)Summaries A series of Sherlock Holmes adaptations, based on the stories of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Murder in Coweta County (1983 TV Movie)Summaries In 1948, in rural Georgia, Coweta County is watched over by its legendary, indomitable Sheriff Lamar Potts (Johnny Cash). No felony had ever gone unsolved while Sheriff Potts was in charge. In the next county, though, there is a vast estate known as "The Kingdom." It's ruled by one man, John Wallace (Andy Griffith), whose power is absolute and beyond the law. But when Wallace chases one of his underlings to deliver ruthless punishment, he makes a critical mistake. He crosses over into Coweta County... Sheriff Potts' territory. This is the compelling true story of the man who ran the Kingdom, and the man who brought him down. Dick Atkins It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 African Patrol (1957 )Summaries Inspector Paul Derek is based in Nairobi, Kenya but travels throughout the colonial territory solving crimes. The nature of the bad behavior is often unique to the African locale. The phone number at the office is 1356. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 