nm0000251:

 This Means War (2012)431) C.I.A. operatives wage an epic battle on each other when they discover they are dating the same woman. CIA agents and best friends Tuck and FDR have been benched because someone's after them. Tuck is divorced and not close to his son; FDR is a ladies' man. Tuck places his profile on a dating site; Lauren sees it and goes out with him. She later bumps into FDR; he hits on her and she goes out with him. She's intrigued by both of them. When they learn they're both dating her, they agree to let her choose, but they can't help using their skills to keep tabs on her and each other, and sabotage each other's dates with her. rcs0411@yahoo.com In Los Angeles, Franklin Foster--FDR to his friends--and Tuck Hansen are best friends and partners as undercover CIA agents, recently reassigned to desk jobs after a covert operation gone wrong, which resulted in the death of criminal Jonas Heinrich; his brother Karl, who escaped, vowed revenge on them. Their loved ones don't know what the undercover pair do; they believe that FDR is a cruise-ship captain and Tuck is a travel agent. FDR is a party boy and serial womanizer; Tuck is recently divorced and still yearning for the traditional family life. Through different channels both meet Lauren, relatively new to L.A., reentering the dating scene after her last relationship soured. FDR and Tuck eventually learn that both are dating Lauren, whom each believes is the true love of his life. As neither will give her up, they set some ground rules: neither will tell her they know each other or that she's dating "someone else"; neither will sleep with her; and they won't let her get in the way of their friendship or partnership. But as their feelings for her grow, they disregard the rules, even at the expense of their friendship. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Best friends FDR and Tuck are CIA agents working together. They are assigned to prevent an international criminal, Heinrich, from acquiring a weapon of mass destruction. But the mission goes wrong when Heinrich's brother is killed - making the agents a target for Heinrich. As a consequence, the agents are assigned to desk duty. FDR and Tuck have very different attitudes when it comes to women. FDR is a womanizer, whereas Tuck is looking for love. Tuck has been unable to get back together with his son's mother, Katie, who is dating someone new. So he decides it's to get back in the game and signs up for online dating. He ends up on a date with Lauren, who has been registered on the dating site by her friend after a failed engagement. They meet at a bar for a drink and it goes well. At the end of the date, Lauren goes to the DVD store where she encounters FDR, who is looking to hook-up. FDR attempts to flirt with her, not knowing she was Tuck's date. When she rejects him, he begins to pursue her by turning up to a product testing session at her work. In an effort to get rid of him, she agrees to go on a date. The date doesn't go well, until Lauren bumps into her ex-fiance with his new girlfriend. She proceeds to pretend that FDR is her new boyfriend and that they are very much in love. She is impressed that he goes along with it. As a result, Lauren ends up dating both men - unable to decide which one she likes better. FDR and Tuck discover that they are dating the same girl - but neither one is willing to back down. They make an agreement to carry on dating her (without her knowing that they know each other) but neither must sleep with her - it is then up to her to decide who she wants to date. However, they soon begin underhand tactics to scupper the other, using all the resources of the CIA surveillance at their disposal. As Heinrich catches up with the agents. They are in a car chase, which Lauren is caught up in having gone to lunch with Tuck. On Lauren's advice, they shoot the headlights on Heinrich's car, deploying the airbags and sending Heinrich's car spiraling out of control. Lauren must suddenly choose which side of the road to jump to for protection - Tucks or FDRs. She chooses FDR. Tuck is gracious and declares that he is happy for them both as Lauren confesses that she wants to be with FDR. Later, Tuck reconciles with Katie. When FDR and Tuck are about out to jump out of a Chinook helicopter, FDR tells Tuck that he is going to marry Lauren. He also reveals that he had sex with Katie before she met Tuck, and no longer feels guilty about it because Tuck had sex with Lauren. Tuck, however, reveals that they didn't go all the way and angrily tackles FDR out of the plane. 
 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines (2003)761) A machine from a post-apocalyptic future travels back in time to protect a man and a woman from an advanced robotic assassin to ensure they both survive a nuclear attack. More than 10 years after 'Terminator 2', John Connor now exists only as a drifter - living 'off the grid', so no more Terminators from the future can hunt him down. Unfortunately, SkyNet does send another one back - and this one is called the T-X, even more powerful & advanced than the dreaded T-1000. However, another CSM-101 Terminator is also sent back to protect John against the T-X. Now, Skynet is patiently assuming control of civilian computer systems, under the guise of a computer virus. John has also met his future wife, Kate Brewster, whose father - a U.S. Air Force General - is in charge of the military computer systems & is leery of up linking SkyNet. However, when the SkyNet virus infects the U.S military computers & leaves the country open to attack, the machines begin their horrific takeover. Soon a nuclear war will result - and the war against the machines will begin. Can the outdated CSM-101 Terminator eliminate the highly advanced T-X - or will a darker future await man following the nuclear attack? Derek O'Cain Living off-grid--ten long and challenging years after the encounter with the liquid-metal killer in Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991) --the resilient survivor and now-23-year-old vagabond, John Connor, knows that these are dark and uncertain times. For the third time, the self-aware computer network, Skynet, sends another cyborg assassin--this time, its most efficient and technologically perfect model, the gynoid-like T-X--to terminate the future leader of the humans; however, the Resistance, too, has sent a protector: the reprogrammed but long-obsolete, T-101. Once more, the future is hanging by a thread, and this time, it's either us or the cold robots. Is humankind prepared for the Rise of the Machines? Nick Riganas It is a dark time for the resistance and Skynet is on the verge of going online, the events of the last movie has changed nothing and John must now battle a new Terminator called the T-X. As before, the resistance was able to send another T-800 as a protector for John, and its still a question of which one will reach him first... Scott On the verge of Judgement Day, the most advanced Terminator unit ever, the T-X, arrives from the future to ensure the rise of the machines. The only hope against it is a new upgraded T-800 unit, the T-850, that is sent back by the human resistance. Together with John Connor, it must stop the rise of the machines or all humanity will fall. Paul McLaughlin John Conner, now an adult, in fear of the events that took place at a young age, lives off the grid--no phone, no job, no credit cards. After failing twice, SkyNet sends their most advanced machine to date, the T-X or Terminatrix, to not only kill John, but his future wife as well. Once again, a Terminator is sent to protect John and his future wife, and has a small upgrade which allows it to mimick humans more. Not knowing how these terminators were sent, considering he thought he destroyed SkyNet, John will soon learn something that will change his life...forever. Hayden Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Following the events of "Terminator 2: Judgment Day", John Connor ( Nick Stahl ) has been living off-the-grid in Los Angeles. Although Judgment Day did not occur on August 29, 1997, the date given by the Terminator in the previous film, John does not believe that the prophesied war between humans and Skynet has been averted. Skynet sends a new Terminator model, the T-X ( Kristanna Loken ), back in time to July 24, 2004. Unable to locate John, it has been sent to kill his future lieutenants in the human Resistance. A more advanced model than previous Terminators, the T-X has an endoskeleton with built-in advanced weaponry, a liquid metal exterior similar to the T-1000, and the ability to control other machines. The Resistance sends a reprogrammed T-850 model 101 Terminator ( Arnold Schwarzenegger ) back in time to protect the T-X's targets, including Kate Brewster ( Claire Danes ) and Connor. The T-X is transported into the city. It kills a woman, takes her Lexus coupe and dons her clothing. It dials in via modem to the school district database and builds a list of targets. When it is stopped by an officer ( Jay Acovone ) for speeding, it increases its breast size and admires his Smith & Wesson 4506-1 pistol. Brewster and her fiancee Scott Peterson ( Mark Famiglietti ) are in a department store adding items to their wedding gift registry. Her father, Lieutenant General Robert Brewster ( David Andrews ) calls to tell her he won't be able to visit due to computer problems at work. A worker tells General Brewster that a virus has infected half the public internet and many military applications. The T-850 Terminator arrives in the desert outside LA and locates a bar open for women's night. It enters and takes clothing from a male stripper. Meanwhile, John breaks into a veterinary office to obtain drugs to treat injuries he sustained in a motorcycle accident. Brewster arrives at the veterinary clinic at 5:00 am to meet a customer whose cat is ill. She encounters John, disarming him due to his drug-induced weakness and locks him in a kennel cage just before the customer arrives. A few minutes later the T-X arrives, seeking Brewster. It kills the customer with the officer's pistol, and finds a small piece of gauze with blood on it. When it licks it to examine the blood sample, it immediately identifies John himself. Kate Brewster manages to escape to the parking lot where the T-X intercepts her. It holds a boot on Kate's neck, demanding Connor's location. The Terminator arrives and interrupts the interrogation by smashing the T-X into a concrete block building at high speed with a truck. The Terminator learns Connor's location from Brewster, locks her in the back of her truck, and then finds Connor. When the T-X rises from the mass of concrete debris, The Terminator instructs Connor to run, and moves forward to intercept the T-X. Connor gets in Brewster's truck and drives away at high speed. In a fight with the Terminator, the T-X discharges a plasma weapon that disables the Terminator. The T-X then injects several nearby emergency vehicles with nano-machines and dispatches them in pursuit of Connor in Brewster's truck. The T-X walks by the police and emergency responders unnoticed and commandeers a large mobile crane and follows after the emergency vehicles. The Terminator revives and seizes a police motorcycle from an officer and begins to chase after the T-X. During the chase, the T-X and The Terminator destroy many vehicles and buildings. The Terminator finally ejects the T-X from the cab but the T-X catches hold of the truck by the rear bumper. The Transformer drops the crane hook into a manhole, engaging the cable and jumps to Brewster's truck. As the T-X reenters the crane's cab, the cable runs out and the crane and rig are flipped upside down. The T-X emerges from the wreckage unable to pursue Brewster's truck any further. Driving Brewster's truck, the Terminator tells Connor that in the future Connor and Brewster are married, and that it successfully killed Connor in 2032. Brewster then captured the Terminator and reprogrammed it to return to the past and protect them. The Terminator saves Connor and Brewster from the T-X's attack, and the three visit the mausoleum where Sarah Connor is buried, after she died of leukemia 10 years ago. Inside the casket they find a weapons cache left by Sarah's friends as stipulated in her will, a backup in case Judgment Day was not averted. The T-X, impersonating Brewster's boyfriend, arrives shortly after the police and a battle ensues, but Connor and the Terminator steal a hearse and escape. They rescue Brewster from the T-X as it transforms from her fiancee back into a female shape, deterring it temporarily by hitting it with a rocket-propelled-grenade. A short distance away, the T-X pursues them on foot, cutting through the roof of the hearse, before they drive under a semi-truck trailer which scrapes off the roof and leaving the T-X behind. The Terminator has been programmed to take Connor and Brewster to a safe location so that they will survive Judgment Day, set to occur in a few hours. The Terminator tells John and Kate that Kate's father is also on the T-X's list of targets. After the destruction of Cyberdyne Systems (in Terminator 2: Judgment Day), the United States Air Force took over the Skynet project and renamed it CRS, Cyber Research Systems. The project is headed by Kate's father. When John insists that they attempt to prevent Skynet from being activated, the Terminator refuses, saying he's not programmed to follow John's orders. Kate insists that the Terminator aide them in rescuing her father and the Terminator complies, saying it's programmed to follow her direction. At his command base, Kate's father is dealing with early indications of serious problems with the public cell, communications, Internet, and satellite transmissions, apparently in the form of a virus. T-X enters the secure facility disguised as a female airman unchecked by any security. She finds, activates and assumes control of several T1-2 cyborg hunter-killers. The Terminator, Brewster, and Connor enter the secure CRS facility unopposed and arrive in the master control room too late to prevent her father and the military from activating Skynet. Brewster is ordered by his superiors to activate Skynet so it can eradicate the virus that has now infected the public network, satellite communications, and taken away their control of the military network. When Brewster activates Skynet, it assumes control of the military's network, Minuteman missile system, and submarine missile systems, interrupting the human's control of the system just as the T-X arrives. The T-X in the form of Brewster's daughter enters the control room and is temporarily interrupted in its attempt to kill General Brewster by The Terminator, who shoots it with a machine gun. Before it can be stopped however it rises, transformed into its female shape. and shoots General Brewster, mortally wounding him. The Terminator repulses the T-X attack, firing repeated rounds from a Sage Control SL-6 Rotary Launcher, sending it down an elevator shaft. Connor asks the dying General for the supposed location of Skynet's system core. The General takes them to his office where the access codes are located in his safe. En route they are attacked by two T1-2 cyborgs which The Terminator defeats by detaching one unit's head and using its own GE M134 Minigun against the other unit. General Brewster tells Conner to go to Crystal Peak, a hardened military base in the Sierra Nevada mountains. The Terminator fights the T-X and tells Brewster and Connor to get to his plane on the nearby runway. The T-X and The Terminator fight until the T-X defeats The Terminator, after which she injects him with nano-machines. As Connor and Brewster escape, they follow a particle accelerator towards the runway but they are attacked by a small hunter-killer. Brewster suddenly seizes a AKMS Assault rifle and destroys one of the robots -- John remarks that she suddenly reminds him of his mother. En route to the aircraft runway, the T-X attacks them. Connor turns on the particle accelerator and its massive electromagnetic energy attracts the T-X so strongly it cannot remove itself. The Terminator reboots and reattaches its head, partially detached by the T-X. In the particle accelerator loop, the T-X appears to be disintegrating but manages to engage a electric saw and begin to cut through the accelerator shielding. In the airplane hanger, Connor and Brewster attempt to board the light aircraft, but The Terminator attacks them, powerless to stop itself because of the T-X's injected nano-machines. Connor reminds him of his primary mission, to protect Connor and Brewster. The Terminator is able to override the T-X's programming and shuts itself down before it kills Connor. Connor and Brewster fly to Crystal Peak, however shortly after they arrive the are attacked by the T-X who crash-lands a helicopter into the base's entrance tunnel. As they frantically try to open the blast doors, The Terminator, which had rebooted it's core functions, crash-lands a second, larger helicopter and smashes the T-X under its wreckage. Even with its legs severed the T-X continues to pursue Connor and Brewster, but the Terminator traps it under a blast door and detonates its last remaining hydrogen fuel cell in the T-X's mouth, the Terminator then coldly tells the T-X "You are Terminated", before the fuel cell explodes, destroying both of them. Connor and Brewster prepare to detonate the C-4 they have brought with them only to discover that Crystal Peak does not house Skynet's core, but is rather a Cold War-era fallout shelter for high-ranking government officials; General Brewster sent them there to protect them from the impending nuclear holocaust initiated by Skynet. John remarks in voiceover that Skynet did not have a core but is distributed software that is located in the cloud on multiple networks and computers all over the world, allowing for redundancy and failure of independent programs, making it effectively impossible to shut down. Skynet begins a series of nuclear attacks on cities across the world, commencing Judgment Day. Soon after the attacks the communications equipment at Crystal Peak picks up transmissions from amateur radio operators and Montana's civil defense, to which Connor responds as the person in charge. 
 Pixels (2015)761) When aliens misinterpret video feeds of classic arcade games as a declaration of war, they attack the Earth in the form of the video games. Sam has been one of the best arcade gamers of his time. Once in an international tournament NASA sent the video recording of all the games to space for intelligent beings to find and know more about humans. However the aliens interpreted the games as a challenge and began attacking Earth using the video game data. It's now up to Sam and other old time arcade game champions to save the Earth from the video game alien invasion. Keith Francis In 1982, the boy Sam Brenner disputes the video game arcade championship and loses the title to Eddie "The Fire Blaster" Plant playing Donkey Kong. This defeat affects his life and in the present days, Brenner is an installer of audio and video systems. His best friend Will Cooper is the President of the United States. Brenner is installing a system at the house of Violet Van Patten, who has just divorced, for her son Matty. Out of the blue, he is summoned to the White House and he finds that Violet is a military that works there. Soon he learns that an American base was attacked by aliens. When he meets his friend Ludlow "The Wonder Kid" Lamansoff, he discovers that the aliens have found a time capsule sent by the US Government to the space with a videocassette of videogame and understood that it was a declaration of war. The aliens broadcast a challenge to Earth to play and win a videogame against them; otherwise Earth will be destroyed. Now the last hope on Earth is Brenner, Cooper, Ludlow, Violet and Eddie. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil When aliens misinterpret video feeds of classic arcade games as a declaration of war against them, they attack the Earth using games like PAC-MAN, Donkey Kong, Galaga, Centipede and Space Invaders as models for their various assaults. President Will Cooper has to call on his childhood best friend, '80s video game champion Sam Brenner, to lead a team of old-school arcaders to defeat aliens and save the planet: Ludlow Lamonsoff ( Josh Gad ) the "Centipede" champ, and Eddie Plant ( Peter Dinklage ) the "Donkey Kong" champ. At a video-game arcade in 1982 with his friend Will Cooper, 13-year-old Sam Brenner discovers he can master the games by spotting patterns. Participating in a video-game championship, he loses in a match with obnoxious arcade player Eddie Plant in Donkey Kong. A videocassette with footage of the event is included in a time capsule that is launched into space. 33 years later, Brenner has become an installer of home-theater systems while Cooper is the President of the United States. In Guam, a U.S. military base is attacked by UFOs of Galaga that turn pieces of the base into small glowing cubes and one of the soldiers is abducted.. Humanity's thirst for making contact with extraterrestrial life forms turns into a real nightmare when a technologically advanced race of aliens misinterprets a friendly transmission as an act of war. Now, as the infuriated otherworldly beings deploy waves of enormous versions of arcade game characters to retaliate, mankind's fate rests in the hands of the former video-game champion and now home-theatre installer, Sam Brenner, and a handful of old-school arcade gamers. Do they have what it takes to stop this pixelated polychromatic menace? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the summer of 1982, a young Sam Brenner rides his bicycle to the home of his best friend Will Cooper to tell him the new arcade in town is open. They spend the whole day there, with Brenner dominating almost every game while Cooper excels at the crane machine and wins a Chewbacca mask. Seeing how awesome Brenner is at games, Cooper grabs a flyer for the arcade game world championships and says Brenner should bring his skills here. At the event, the MC (Dan Aykroyd) tells everyone that a time capsule will be launched into space containing elements of the present culture. Brenner and Cooper meet Ludlow Lamonsoff, a weird but brilliant kid who's in love with Lady Lisa, the main character of the game Dojo Quest. After Brenner gets through every game, he faces hotshot gamer Eddie Plant in Donkey Kong. Eddie mentions the pattern to the game, causing Brenner to lose focus and come in second place. In the present day, the adult Brenner (Adam Sandler) works for a company that installs software. Cooper (Kevin James) is the President of the United States, and he is frequently mocked in the media, most recently for failing to read properly during a kindergarten class and yelling at a little girl. In Guam, a military base picks up a threatening signal. Alien life forms based off the designs of Galaga attack. The soldiers try to fight back but are easily taken out. One soldier (Affion Crockett) gets taken by the aliens. Brenner goes to a home to do his job. He meets a lady named Violet Van Patten (Michelle Monaghan) and her son Matty (Matt Lintz), who tells Brenner that his mom is going through a divorce. While Brenner goes to work, he hears Violet crying in the closet. He comforts her by listening to her situation, and they share wine. He thinks they're having a moment, and he goes in for a kiss but gets shut down. He then gets a call from Cooper telling him to be at the White House soon. Brenner heads to the White House with Violet close by. To his surprise, he finds out she is a Lieutenant Colonel. Cooper brings Brenner into the Oval Office to show him the Galaga aliens attacking. Later, Brenner drives his van home to find Ludlow (Josh Gad) in there. Ludlow brings Brenner back to his home where he says that the aliens are sending creatures with classic video game designs to attack. Ludlow received a message using manipulated footage of 1980's icons like Ronald Reagan and Madonna to explain their plans: since they perceived the items in the time capsule as a declaration of war, they are using the video games as a challenge, giving the people of Earth three rounds to fight back or it's game over for everyone. They also show that the soldier they took was a "trophy". They show the video to Cooper and determine that the next attack will happen in India. Sure enough, the aliens attack the Taj Mahal, and they take an Indian man as a trophy as well. Brenner and Ludlow are brought in to "train" soldiers to fight back by showing them how to play these games, to which Admiral Porter (Brian Cox) objects. Violet shows Brenner and Ludlow that the pixels are taken down by strong light beams. Cooper is with his wife Jane (Jane Krakowski) at a bakery when his assistant comes in to tell him that the next attack will happen in London. Everyone heads to London to meet with Corporal Hill (Sean Bean). The soldiers brace for attack as the creatures from Centipede attack. Brenner tells the men to shoot for the head and anticipate the pattern, but they have no luck. Brenner and Ludlow take over with permission from Cooper, and they blast away at the Centipede. The final boss makes its way into town and nearly devours a boy until Brenner blasts it away for good. The aliens send a message using the Fantasy Island guys to congratulate Earth on their victory, and they give them the Duck Hunt dog as a trophy, but remind them that they (aliens) are leading 2-1. It is learned that the next attack will happen in New York City. Needing more help, Ludlow and Cooper agree that they need someone else to help them. Brenner, Cooper, and Violet go to a prison to find Eddie (Peter Dinklage), a bitter and hardened criminal who got busted for adding charges to phone bills. He still taunts Brenner and makes self-serving demands in exchange for his help, among them a private island for himself, never paying taxes again, and a meeting with Serena Williams and Martha Stewart. Cooper agrees to let him out of prison... but only with the 'no taxes' agreement. The team goes to New York to discover that the next boss is Pac-Man. Violet presents the guys with four cars based off the ghosts in Pac-Man, with the fourth car driven by the game's creator Toru Iwatani (Denis Akiyama). When the team gets downtown Manhattan where Pac-Man is chomping through everything, Iwatani tries to appeal to Pac-Man's good side by talking to him like a father. Unfortunately, this gets his hand chomped and pixelated. The remaining three chase after Pac-Man. He eats a power pellet, giving him ten seconds to be able to eat the ghosts, and he eats Ludlow's car as he jumps out.. Eddie hits the first Pac-Man after catching up to him quickly. The second one also gets taken out by Eddie. The third causes him to drive into the water. Brenner chases him near a parking garage where Pac-Man finds another power pellet. Brenner counts down and drives backward through a parking garage. At the last second, the power pellet wears off and gives Brenner a chance to defeat Pac-Man, and they're given Q*Bert as a trophy. The team has a ball held for them as thanks for their heroics. Brenner asks Violet to be his date, and she stuns him when she arrives in a green dress. Eddie brings Serena Williams (who only showed up because she was promised an island). After Brenner spends time with Violet, the aliens send another message saying the rules have been violated, and they will launch a full-scale attack momentarily. Marty finds Eddie and sees that his shades that were fished out of the water contain cheat codes, which allowed him to beat Pac-Man and also explains how he beat Brenner in Donkey Kong. Eddie flees, and Matty is taken by the aliens as Violet watches. Q*Bert tells the heroes that the aliens were peaceful until they felt threatened by the time capsule. They realize they have to go to the ship and stop the aliens. The aliens bring down more video games upon Washington DC, including Frogger and Defendor. Brenner, Violet, and Q*Bert gear up and are joined by Cooper while Ludlow stays behind to fight. One of the aliens takes the form of Lady Lisa (Ashley Benson), to Ludlow's joy. However, she still fights him until he says he only wants to love her. She drops her swords, and they kiss. Eddie comes to fight and apologizes for ditching the team. Brenner, Violet, Cooper and Q*Bert get brought up to the ship where Brenner faces his biggest challenge... Donkey Kong. The ape rolls barrels down as the heroes try to reach Matty and the other two captives. Matty tells Brenner that Eddie cheated all those years ago, making him realize he is the true DK champ. Brenner takes the hammer and smashes the barrels before hurling it at Donkey Kong, destroying him. This causes the rest of the video games to freeze and be brought back up to the ship. Unfortunately for Ludlow, that includes Lady Lisa. The team is recognized as heroes before the White House. Cooper announces he's made a peace treaty with the aliens. Eddie apologizes to Brenner for cheating and admits he's the best in the world. Ludlow misses Lisa until Q*Bert randomly morphs into her. Brenner and Violet become a couple. Eddie then gets a text from Serena to meet him in the bedroom, along with Martha Stewart, who made sandwiches. Eddie sneaks off with excitement. The aliens leave Earth, and Iwatani's hand is restored. One year later, Ludlow has married Lisa, and they're the proud parents of five Q*Berts. 
 Role Models (2008)431) Wild behavior forces a pair of energy drink reps to enroll in a Big Brother program. Danny and Wheeler, well into their 30s, lack something: Danny feels stuck; he's sour and has driven away his terrific girlfriend. Wheeler chases any skirt he sees for empty sex. When they get in a fight with a tow-truck driver, they choose community service over jail and are assigned to be big brothers - Danny to Augie, a geek who loves to LARP (Live Action Role Play), and Wheeler to Ronnie, a pint-size foul-mouthed kid. After a rocky start, things start to go well until both Danny and Wheeler make big mistakes. Can the two men figure out how to change enough to be role models to the boys? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Thirty-somethings Danny and Wheeler work together as a team at Minotaur, an energy drink company, their main current jobs holding anti-drug campaigns at schools all in the true mission of promoting Minotaur as the chosen alternative, in Danny's mind it a barely legal drug. Adolescently-minded and female obsessed Wheeler, who acts as the mascot in wearing the Minotaur costume and considers Danny his only real friend, loves his job in being able to do it while he's drunk without anyone knowing the better. Danny, the spokesman who in turn doesn't consider Wheeler his friend, hates his job, it only a contributing factor to his increasing snarkiness. His girlfriend of seven years, lawyer Beth, breaking up with him in no longer being able to tolerate his seeming dislike of everything is the last straw for Danny in he having a breakdown of sorts, which results in he and Wheeler being sentenced to thirty days in jail. Instead of jail, Beth is able negotiate with the judge for one hundred fifty hours of community service apiece at Sturdy Wings, which pairs a "Big" (an adult) with a "Little" (a child) in a role model type situation. Gayle Sweeny, an ex-junkie who operates Sturdy Wings in what has been her transformation, is looking for any infraction to kick Danny and Wheeler out of the program, which would send them to jail. Danny is paired with geeky Augie, a friendless teen whose sole hobby is L.A.I.R.E. (Live Action Interactive Role-playing Explorers), a medieval fantasy LARP, which his mother and pseudo father do not want to encourage, while Wheeler is paired with Ronnie, a foul mouthed, boob obsessed ten year old African-American boy, whose previous Bigs have lasted no longer than a day in not knowing how to deal with him. While Danny and Wheeler go through the process in avoiding the alternative of jail, they have to find a way to get through to their respective Little, all the while not crossing either Gayle or the respective parent in they needing to make their one hundred fifty hours apiece. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Danny Donahue (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Sean William Scott) are two Los Angeles salesmen for an energy drink, Minotaur. They tour Los Angeles-area schools driving a Minotaur-themed SUV to deliver infomercials disguised as anti-drug speeches. Wheeler loves the job but Danny, on the other hand, hates the job and possesses a constant negative attitude toward life, which results in the collapse of his relationship with his girlfriend, attorney Beth. Hoping to get his life back on track, Danny spontaneously proposes to her; not only does she turn him down, she breaks up with him. One day after making a disastrous sales presentation at a high school, the duo finds that their company truck is being towed away. They protest by trying to drive it away from the tow truck, but end up crashing it into a school statue. Danny and Wheeler are arrested and the judge sentences the two to a 30-day jail sentence. Beth, however, manages to strike a deal with the judge in which they have to log 150 hours of community service over the next thirty days. The judge selects for their community service a big-brother style program called Sturdy Wings, led by Gayle Sweeny (Jane Lynch), an ex-drug addict, who takes an instant dislike to Danny and Wheeler. Aware that their presence at Sturdy Wings is court-ordered she warns them that she won't accept any B.S. from them and that if they fail to carry out their tasks to her satisfaction, she will have them sent to prison. Wheeler is paired up with Ronnie Shields, a foul-mouthed, streetwise miscreant obsessed with boobs who has driven away all the other adults he has been paired with, while Danny is paired up with Augie Farks, a nerdy teenager obsessed with live action fantasy role-playing games. Initially, the pair find their task extremely difficult, with Danny unable to find any common ground with Augie and his narrow interests, and Ronnie taking virtually no interest in Wheeler. After a few days they gradually bond with their respective partners; Ronnie takes an interest in Wheeler's favorite band KISS and discovers that Wheeler shares his obsession with boobs, whilst Danny reluctantly participates in Augie's medieval live action role playing group, "LAIRE". During a Sturdy Wings camping trip, Wheeler uses Danny's Ambien to try to have drugged-out sex with another mentor who instead passes out naked in full view of the other children, Ronnie and Augie cover for their mentors. At the same time, Danny tries to make up with Beth for his mistakes, but to no avail. Beth must commit to the break-up, as she feels it's for the best. Unfortunately, their success is cut short when Augie manages to "kill" the arrogant King Argotron (Ken Jeong) during one of the role playing games, with the latter lying and claiming he killed Augie first. When Danny angrily defends Augie, the King permanently bans them both, causing Augie to cry in front of everyone, including Esplen (Alexandra Stamler), who he has a crush on. Wanting to apologize to Augie, Danny goes to dinner at his house. Augie's mother, Lynette (Kerri Kenney), and her live-in boyfriend, Jim (Ken Marino) are glad Augie has been kicked out of LAIRE and thank Danny for helping that happen. Seeing how unhappy Augie is, Danny criticizes Lynette's and Jim's parenting skills and for not supporting Augie's hobby. Both Lynette and Jim are insulted by this, and Danny is then kicked out of their home. Nevertheless, Danny still defends Augie. Wheeler, meanwhile, takes Ronnie to an adult party in Venice and leaves him unsupervised while he has sex with a blonde he meets at the party. Feeling abandoned, Ronnie walks all the way home by himself. Ronnie's and Augie's parents consequently ask Sturdy Wings to assign them new mentors and Gayle expels Wheeler and Danny from the program, thus failing to meet the 150-hour goal needed to complete their community service . As such, the pair is given a court appointment where they will likely have to serve their thirty days in jail. In the elevator, Danny berates Wheeler for leaving Ronnie behind while Wheeler scolds him about his whining. The two have a falling out and go their separate ways. Wheeler goes to Ronnie's house and gets permission from Ronnie's mother to hang out with Ronnie after he gets out of jail. Meanwhile, Danny looks through his closet and finds the battle attire Augie had given him. Remorseful for his actions, he secretly meets with the LAIRE king to negotiate Augie's readmission where Augie can fight in that afternoon's Battle Royale, the final battle of the year. Danny then sneaks Augie out of his house so they can prepare for the Battle Royal that day but while Danny is visiting, Augie learns that Xanthia, the fantasy "nation" to which he belongs has expelled both Augie and Danny, the former being that Augie is too much of a liability. Danny offers to form a new team with him, but a team must have at least four members. Danny calls Wheeler and asks him and Ronnie to join the battle so that Augie will have enough teammates. Dressed up as the members of KISS and riding in the Minotaur SUV, Danny, Augie, Ronnie and Wheeler arrive ready to fight in the Battle Royale as members of KISS-My-Anthia, a new nation. Augie's parents, Ronnie's mom, Gayle, and Beth come to watch. Near the end of the battle, Augie squares off against the King and kills him in front of everyone. His victory is short-lived as a hidden player, Esplen, attacks and defeats him. Augie's parents, Lynette and Jim, congratulate Augie for his performance and recognize how happy he is when role-playing. In the after-battle party, Augie finally speaks to Esplen, who asks him to be her co-regent and the two kiss. Danny serenades Beth in front of everyone with an improvised version of the KISS song "Beth" and the two reconcile. Gayle, impressed with the pair's efforts, promises to intervene with the judge, with whom she has a long-standing relationship, so that Wheeler and Danny will be able to get their names cleared. 