nm0006433:

 Zubeidaa (2001)321) Zubeidaa, an aspiring Muslim actress, marries a Sikh prince to become his second wife. Her tumultuous relationship with her husband, and her inner demons lead her to a decision which has fatal consequences for them all. The film begins with Riyaz (Rajat Kapoor), Zubeida's son setting out to research her life, and to meet the people who knew her. The story is thus told in the form of memories/reminiscences. Zubeida is a Muslim actress, who's career aspirations are thwarted by her film-producer father (Puri) who looks down upon a woman in acting. He arranges her marriage to her friend's son, but that breaks up after the birth of her son. Zubeida is now back at her parent's home, sad and depressed. Rose (Lilette Dubey) her father's mistress tries to cheer-up Zubeida by taking her out. On one of these outings, Zubeida meets Prince Vijayendra (Victor) Singh of Fatehpur (Bajpai). Quite taken with her, the Prince woos and marries her. Zubeida, now the 2nd wife of a Hindu prince, leaves her son behind with her mother (Sikri) and comes to live at Fatehpur. Here she meets the much older Mandira Devi (Rekha) the Prince's first wife, learns about the etiquette of being a Rani, and of the duties her husband has towards his first wife. Zubeida's relationship with Mandira (whom she calls Mandy didi) is tumultuous, seesawing between affection and jealousy. She frets about the restrictions on her as Rani and the choke-hold of royal duties on Victor, often venting out her frustrations at not having her husband to herself. When Victor decides to contest the elections, he relies on Mandira, as his Hindu consort (as opposed to Zubeida), to accompany him on his political jaunts. Zubeida, angry at being spurned, in obstinacy takes a decision, which has fatal consequences. Amodini Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Zubeidaa is a story of a young man Riyaz's (Rajit Kapur) quest to recover the memory of his mother Zubeidaa (Karisma Kapoor), a mother he never knew. Brought up by his grandmother from the age of three, all knowledge of his mother was kept away from him. Troubled by the scant knowledge he has of his mother, Riyaz sets about trying to piece together her life from the memories of those who knew her. Extremely talented and beautiful, Zubeidaa is the only daughter of Suleman Seth (Amrish Puri), a film producer in Mumbai. Zubeidaa's dreams and aspirations are never on her father's priority list. Zubeidaa's happiness more often than not, falls victim to her father's completely unjustified domination over her life. Suleman Seth is instrumental in cutting short her burning ambition of becoming a film actress. Suleman Seth is also responsible for giving Zubeidaa the biggest jolt of her life by forcibly getting her married to a boy whom she does not even know properly, leave alone liking him. The repurcussions of this inconsetious are sever and as far as Zubeidaa is concerned the mental agony born out of this forced wedlock appears almost intolerable. Behind every dark cloud lies a silver lining, they say and this is exactly what happens in Zubeidaa's life. Her life takes a turn for the better and life a whiff of fresh air, romance makes unexpected entrance in her life in the form of Maharaja Vijayendra Singh (Manoj Bajpai). Sparks fly and both fall head over heels in love but this so-called path of love is not devoid of social thorns. Does Zubeidaa succeed in overcoming the various obstacles presented by the narrow-minded society? The answer lies in viewing the passionate love story of a vivacious, impulsive and daring young woman who defies all odds and coventions in order to live life on her own terms in 'Zubeidaa' - an unusual love tale of a truly unique woman. 
 Raja Hindustani (1996)77) Raja, a taxi driver, falls in love with Aarti, a rich girl, and marries her against her parents' wishes. Later, her parents try to create differences amongst the couple. Raja is a poor man who lives in India. He meets with a very rich girl, and both fall in love with each other. The girl's name is Aarti, who lives with her step-mother, who is very cruel, father and and step-cousin, who oppose her having any contact with Raja. But Aarti is stubborn, and gets married to Raja. After their marriage, her step-mother, father and step-cousin pretend to accept them, but actually are planning to bring an end to their relationship. Sumitra (corrected by Carrie) Rich girl Aarti meets poor boy Raja and they both fall in love. Aarti's father is opposed to their relationship, but after their marriage he forgives them. Meanwhile Aarti's step-mother and her brother have planned to bring about discord in Raja and Aarti's relationship and usurp the family wealth. Soumitra Raja (Aamir Khan) is a poor man who lives in India. While Aarti (Karisma Kapoor), lives with her Wealthy dad Mr. Sehgal (Suresh Oberoi) and her step-mother Shalini (Archana Puran Singh), who is very cruel, in a palatial home. Aarti, getting bored at home decides to go on a small vacation to a small hill station named Palankhet in the country area, where her parents had met for the first time. On her journey to that area she however meets with Raja who is the chauffeur of the taxi that she hires. After a brief interval between the two, they fall in love with each other. When Aarti's father learns of the relationship between the two he opposed of there marriage but the two is very stubborn and get married without Mr. Sehgal's blessings. However, Mr. Sehgal forgives his daughter, and invites both newlyweds to his palatial home, unknown to the two that it is a conspiracy by her father, step-mother and step-cousin to create a rift in there relationship by exploiting the boy's jealous, short tempered nature and also to usurp the family's wealth. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Multi-millionaire Aarti Sehgal lives with her father, her step-mother, Shalini, Shalini's brother, Swarg and his son, Jai. On a visit to a small hill-station called Palankhet Aarti meets with a poor taxi driver, Raja Hindustani and eventually both fall in love with each other but unfortunately Aarti's father objects to their marriage so they get married without his blessings without knowing that her step relatives has plans to destroy her relationship with her husband with a motive of acquiring her wealth and assets. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Raja, a poor taxi driver falls in love with the rich young woman Aarti. Against her father's wishes they both marry . It's then when Aarti's family comes together to hatch a plot that will force Raja and Aarti to not only separate but to develop hatred towards each other. Krishan Wealthy Mr. Sehgal (Suresh Oberoi) lives with his daughter, Aarti (Karisma Kapoor), and her step-mother Shalini (Archana Puran Singh) in a palatial home. Aarti wants to go for a vacation at a small hill station named Palankhet where her parents had met for the first time. Once there, she meets with taxi-driver Raja Hindustani (Aamir Khan), and after a short period of time, both fall in love with each other, and get married without Mr. Sehgal's blessings. Eventually, Mr. Sehgal forgives his daughter, and invites both newlyweds to his palatial home, not knowing that his wife, her brother, Swaraj (Pramod Moutho), and her nephew Jai (Mohnish Behl) have plans for him and his daughter that will change their lives forever. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fiza (2000)44) In 1993 Fiza's brother Aman disappears during the riots in Mumbai. In 1999 Fiza is tired of waiting and goes looking for him. Six years after Fiza's (Karisma Kapoor) brother, Aman (played by Hrithik Roshan) disappears during the 1993 Mumbai riots, she goes to look for him. When she does find him, to her horror she sees that he has joined a terrorist group. She forces him to come home, and he finally re-unites with their mother (played by Jaya Bachchan). However his allegiance and thoughts make him want to join the terrorist network, led by Murad Khan (Manoj Bajpai). A confrontation with two men who harass Fiza leads to Aman revealing his involvement with the terrorist network in front of his sister, mother and the police. His mother's grief and disappointment eventually lead her to commit suicide. Fiza tries once more to find her brother, with the help of Anirudh (Bikram Saluja). Aman has been sent on a mission to kill two powerful politicians; when he does succeed in assassinating them, his own terrorist group tries to kill him. He escapes and Fiza follows him. They confront each other and with the police closing in on him, he asks her to kill him. After much persuasion Fiza kills her brother. Aman dies saying the first Kalma in Islam, "La illa ha ill Allah, Mohammad dur Rasullalah" gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Fiza, her brother, Amaan, together with their mother, Nishatbi lives a happy and harmonious life which is soon shattered when her brother gets involved in the 1993 Mumbai riots and is believed to be missing. Numerous attempts by the police to locate Amaan are fertile which makes Fiza loses patience and in the year 1999; she launches a man-hut for Amaan. She does manage to locate Amaan, who is now a member of a terrorist organization headed by the notorious Murad Khan. Fiza does manages to convince Amaan and gets him to return home reuniting with his mother but circumstances once again forces Amaan to return to the life of a terrorist. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) During the 1993 Bombay Riots Fiza's brother Aman disappeared and never returned six years later Fiza herself decides to find as the local authorities are of no help.She traces Aman and finds that he has joined a terrorist group and convinces him to return home.Aman returns home and leaves happily with his family.Until a tiff with local goons force him to reveal his identity. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dil to Pagal Hai (1997)541) A grand musical about three passionate and dreamy characters: Rahul, Pooja and Nisha. Will their dreams come true? Will they find their true love? DIL TO PAGAL HAI is the story of Rahul (Shahrukh Khan), who does not believe in love. Rahul fails to understand how two people can spend their lives together. It is the story of Pooja (Madhuri Dixit), who believes that there is someone who is made for her and she is destined to meet that person. It is also the story of Nisha (Karisma Kapoor) who believes that love is friendship and one day her dream will come true. Dil To Pagal Hai is a grand musical about passionate people with dreams. Will their dreams come true? Will they find their true love? Dil To Pagal Hai makes us believe that - someone - somewhere - is made for us. Official Source DIL TO PAGAL HAI is the story of Rahul (Shahrukh Khan), who does not believe in love. It is the story of Pooja (Madhuri Dixit), who believes that there is someone who is made for her and she is destined to meet that person. It is the story of Nisha (Karisma Kapoor) who believes that love is friendship and one day her dream will come true. It makes us believe that - someone - somewhere - is made for us. Official Source Rahul and Nisha are part of a performing musical troupe. While Nisha doubles as a dancer, Rahul performs as an actor/singer; Nisha silently loves Rahul quite unfortunately Rahul has no similar feelings for Nisha and it is not long after the troupe recruits a new female dancer, Pooja who Rahul is romantically attracted to. When Pooja finds out she reciprocates - only to crash down when Pooja's childhood friend, Ajay, who resides abroad, seeks her hand in marriage. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dil To Pagal Hai is a story that makes this belief come true. It is the story of Rahul (Shah Rukh Khan) who does not believe in love - is there really someone made for him? He fails to understand how two people can spend their entire lives together. It is the story of Pooja (Madhuri Dixit) who believes that there is someone who is made for her and that she is destined to meet that person. It is also the story of Nisha (Karisma Kapoor) who believes that love is friendship and one day her dream will come true. Dil To Pagal Hai is a grand musical about passionate people with dreams. Will their dreams come true? Will they find their true love? The movie makes us believe once again that Someone, somewhere is made for us.. 