nm0004232:

 Torre de Babel (19981999)Summaries Clementino planned to revenge against powerful Mr. Toledo. But someone just did it before him. Miserable mason Clementino was a peaceful worker who had a hot sexy wife. When he found her in other's arms, he killed her. He could have been declared not guilty, but his master Cesar Toledo intentionally witnessed against him and provoked his sentence to be 20 years in prison. When released, Clementino desired revenge, and planned to blow up the newly-inaugurated mall that Toledo built. But someone mysterious stole his meticulously prepared plans and blew it before him. Now, in order to prove his own innocence, Clementino is forced to join his enemy Toledo to investigate and find out who blew the mall and why. Pedro Aguiar <paguiar@alternex.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Urban Myth Chillers (2003 )Summaries Wherever you find it, this strange taxi is always free when you need it. But if you climb in, you're very likely to get the chills. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 For All: Springboard to Victory (1997)Summaries During the Second World War, the U.S.A. established a military base in Natal, Brazil, changing in many ways people's lives and behavior. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bossa Nova (2000)Summaries A separated attorney in Rio sees an English teaching American widow and tries to woo her. Rio lawyer Pedro Paulo is recently separated from his travel agent wife Tania. His office has taken on an energetic new intern, Sharon. Pedro Paulo is working on a divorce case - his own father's... Mary Ann is an English language teacher living in Rio. Her friend Nadine has been having an Internet romance with Gary, a SoHo artist. Nadine decides to visit Gary in New York; she books her flight through Tania... Soccer star Acacio is going to play for a team in England. He has been taking private lessons with Mary Ann. Is he reading too much into the word "private"? Pedro Paulo catches a glimpse of Mary Ann and decides he should study English again... Acacio needs some legal help with his new contract. He goes to Pedro Paulo's office, but the only one in is Sharon... David Carless It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 