nm0000368:

 Jurassic Park (1993)761) A pragmatic paleontologist touring an almost complete theme park on an island in Central America is tasked with protecting a couple of kids after a power failure causes the park's cloned dinosaurs to run loose. Huge advancements in scientific technology have enabled a mogul to create an island full of living dinosaurs. John Hammond has invited four individuals, along with his two grandchildren, to join him at Jurassic Park. But will everything go according to plan? A park employee attempts to steal dinosaur embryos, critical security systems are shut down and it now becomes a race for survival with dinosaurs roaming freely over the island. Film_Fan On Isla Nublar, a new park has just been built with genetically engineered dinosaurs. Tragedy strikes when one of the workers is killed by a velociraptor. The founder of the park, John Hammond, (Sir Richard Attenborough) requests Paleontologist Dr. Alan Grant (Sam Neill) and his assistant, Dr. Ellie Sattler (Laura Dern) to come to the park and ensure that it is safe. Also joining them are Hammond's lawyer Donald Gennaro (Martin Ferrero) and chaotician Dr. Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum). When they reach the island, they are amazed to discover that Hammond has created living dinosaurs. However, at the same time, they all have their doubts. Later, Hammond's grandchildren Lex and Tim (Ariana Richards and Joseph Mazzello) join the group in a tour of the park. Sattler leaves the tour to take care of an ill triceratops. Soon the power in the park is shut down by computer systems geek Dennis Nedry (Wayne Knight), who wishes to steal embryos from the park to sell to a secret buyer. In the process, many dinosaurs escape their paddocks, including the deadly Tyrannosaurus Rex, who, during a thunderstorm, escapes his paddock and attacks the children, and eats Gennaro. Malcolm is injured and Grant and the children are then lost in the park. Meanwhile, Hammond, Sattler, and the rest of the operations team learn that Nedry (who in the meantime has been killed) has locked up the computer system to cover his tracks. They attempt to get power back in the park in order to escape the island. After shutting down the system, then restoring it, the group realizes that velociraptors are also on the loose, and are now on the hunt for the visitors. ahmetkozan Paleontologists Alan Grant and Ellie Sattler and mathematician Ian Malcolm are among a select group chosen to tour an island theme park populated by dinosaurs created from prehistoric DNA. While the park's mastermind, billionaire John Hammond, assures everyone that the facility is safe, they find out otherwise when various ferocious predators break free and go on the hunt. Jwelch5742 In high hopes of putting the investors' minds at ease, John Hammond--the visionary billionaire entrepreneur, and founder of the bio-engineering company, InGen--calls in three experts to witness the wonders of the first-ever dinosaur preserve. There, in the isolated island of Isla Nublar, the visitors' wide-eyed excitement will soon turn into pure horror, when the palaeontologist, Dr Alan Grant, the palaeobotanist, Dr Ellie Sattler, and the cynical mathematician, Dr Ian Malcolm, come face-to-face with ferocious primaeval reptiles on the loose, after a devastating malfunction. Now, the ultimate apex-predator, the Tyrannosaurus Rex, is on the hunt for fresh meat. Can they escape from the terrors of Jurassic Park? Nick Riganas On a remote island, a wealthy entrepreneur secretly creates a theme park featuring living dinosaurs drawn from prehistoric DNA. Before opening the attraction to the public, he invites a top paleontologist, a paleobotanist, a mathematician/theorist, and his two eager grandchildren to experience the park, and help calm anxious investors. However, their park visit is anything but tranquil as the park's security system breaks down, the prehistoric creatures break out, and the excitement builds to surprising results. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story begins on Isla Nublar, a small island 120 miles off the coast of Costa Rica. A large group of construction workers and animal handlers offload a large container, the creature within unseen. During the process, the animal attempts to escape, an act which leads to a mass panic, and the death of one of the workers. The story jumps forward to an Amber mine in the Dominican Republic, where we learn that miners extracting amber are involved with a genetic-engineering company called InGen. We also learn that the death of the worker seen earlier has raised serious concerns about the safety of the island, according to Donald Gennaro, an InGen representative, and that the owner of the island is now seeking top scientific experts in the field to help endorse the park. While he speaks to the man in charge of the mine, Juanito, his crew finds a large chunk of amber with a preserved mosquito inside. At a paleontological excavation in Montana we are introduced to Dr. Alan Grant, and his assistant Ellie Sattler, as they slowly uncover the fossilized remains of a Velociraptor, perhaps nature's most lethal and cunning predator to date, a beautiful specimen evolved to kill. Part of Grant's research experiments with a new radiological device that shoots a probe into the dirt which bounces an image of an uncovered raptor skeleton back to a computer screen. Grant is hesitant about the new technology but seems fascinated with the image it produces without having to dig. He is also a follower of a long-held theory among paleontologists that dinosaurs evolved more from birds than reptiles. One of his assistants has brought along his son, who scoffs at the image on the screen, unimpressed with the fact that it looks like a dead turkey. Grant tells the kid a story about how velociraptors would hunt their prey with fast coordinated attacks. The boy is horrified when Grant explains that after their prey is brought down, velociraptors would often eat their prey alive. The dig is cut short by the sudden appearance of Grant and Sattler's main sponsor, the elderly and eccentric billionaire, John Hammond. He invites them over to endorse his latest project, a remote island resort, where he claims that their "unique biological attractions" are "guaranteed to drive children out their minds!" Alan and Ellie are reluctant to leave their dig but Hammond entices them by offering to fund their work for three more years. Grant and Sattler are accompanied by two other characters -- the equally eccentric chaos theorist Dr. Ian Malcolm, and the lawyer, Donald Gennaro, who represents Hammond's investors. As they arrive by helicopter, they are treated to a unique spectacle of living, breathing dinosaurs. Just the sight of these mighty beasts, a towering Brachiosaurus accompanied by a herd of Parasaurolophus, is enough to leave the stunned visitors breathless, save for Gennaro's offhand comment: "we're gonna make a fortune off this place...". Later, as they arrive at the island's central resort and control facility, the visitors are given a brief tour of the process that created the animals. InGen has succeeded in cloning animals from simple strands of DNA salvaged from mosquitoes that fed on dinosaur blood, and were preserved for millions of years inside fossilized amber. The group is shown the egg-incubation room, just in time to witness the birth of a baby Velociraptor, a sight that deeply disturbs Grant. He asks to see where the adults are housed. The special containment facility seen in the introduction, a fortress of electrified fences and dense foliage, all that separates the humans from the most dangerous creature on the island. Grant is witness to the daily feeding of the animals: a cow is lowered into the pit, only to be stripped clean within moments. The visitors (and the audience) is spared the gruesome sight of the carnage by a thick covering of jungle foliage... The group prepares to experience the theme park's central attraction, in which visitors embark on a safari-like tour of the park, on special electrified Ford Explorers. Grant, Sattler, Malcolm and Gennaro are accompanied by Hammond's two grand children: Lex and her little brother Tim. As the group heads off, Hammond settles into the main control room where his two computer experts, Arnold and Nedry, manage the complex infrastructure of the park. The tour is largely un-eventful: the Tyrannosaurus Rex and Dilophosaurus -two extremely dangerous carnivores- refuse to reveal themselves to the eager tourists. A sick triceratops is also encountered, tended to by the park veterinarians, whom Sattler leaves the group to help out with. An approaching tropical storm forces the tour to be cut short, as most of the staff leave by ship for the mainland. In the meantime, we learn the true colors of Nedry - he has been hired to steal dinosaur embryos for InGen's rival corporation, BioSyn. In order to steal the embryos, he shuts down security systems throughout the park, but this also causes the tour's electric cars to break down, and the electrified fences shut down, thus releasing the dinosaurs from containment. In the film's most thrilling sequence, a T-Rex escapes its enclosure and proceeds to wreck the tour vehicles. Gennaro is eaten, Malcolm is critically injured, but Grant manages to escape with the terrified children. In the meantime, a lost and confused Nedry, trying to hand over the stolen embryos to his contact, encounters a venom-spitting Dilophosaurus, and justice is dealt. Sattler and the Park Warden Muldoon arrive in a jeep at the site of the T-Rex attack to find the injured Malcolm and the remains of Gennarro, but everyone else has disappeared. The T-Rex returns to give chase to the jeep down the road in an exciting car chase of an action sequence, but the humans eventually manage to escape. Grant and the kids spend the night sheltering up a tree, and wake up to find a Brachiosaurus grazing nearby. Lex is initially frightened, but Grant reassures her (and the audience) that Brachiosaurs are peaceful herbivores, and that dinosaurs aren't monsters, they're just animals. Once more, we are given the opportunity to appreciate the beauty and majesty of these magnificent creatures. With Malcolm injured and park systems still offline, Arnold is forced to take drastic action and reset the system-an act that has the unintended consequences of freeing the vicious velociraptors from their enclosure. Arnold, Muldoon and Sattler attempt to restore power, only to have Arnold and Muldoon outsmarted and killed by the cunning creatures. Only Sattler manages to narrowly avoid getting killed. After witnessing a stampede of ostrich-like dinosaurs known as Gallimimus, Grant and the kids make it back to the main resort complex, only to find it abandoned. Grant leaves the kids in the main dining area, and tries to search for other survivors. In the meantime, Lex and Tim are cornered by a pair of raptors inside the main kitchen. In one of the most terrifying scenes in the entire film, the raptors stalk through the dark kitchen, searching for the kids. Eventually, Lex and Tim manage to lure one of the raptors into the freezer and lock it in, but the other raptor chases them out of the kitchen. Meeting up in the control room, Grant, Sattler, and the kids attempt to restore power and communications to the park, but are trapped in by the same raptor. In the nick of time, the security systems and phone lines are brought back online. Nevertheless, the raptors manage to break into the control room and gives chase to our heroes throughout the entire building. Eventually, our heroes are cornered by the last two raptors inside the main atrium. Just as all hope is lost, the T-Rex come crashing in and attacks the raptors, buying enough time for the small group of humans to escape. As the humans evacuate the island by helicopter, the T-Rex gives a final victory roar behind a falling banner proclaiming: "When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth". The ending scene is quite powerful and epic, and perfectly captures the spirit of the film in portraying dinosaurs as some of the most magnificent creatures to ever walk the Earth... 
 Blue Velvet (1986)651) The discovery of a severed human ear found in a field leads a young man on an investigation related to a beautiful, mysterious nightclub singer and a group of psychopathic criminals who have kidnapped her child. College student Jeffrey Beaumont returns to his idyllic hometown of Lumberton to manage his father's hardware store while his father is hospitalized. Walking though a grassy meadow near the family home, Jeffrey finds a severed human ear. After an initial investigation, lead police Detective John Williams advises Jeffrey not to speak to anyone about the case as they investigate further. Detective Williams also tells Jeffrey that he cannot divulge any information about what the police know. Detective Williams' high school aged daughter, Sandy Williams, tells Jeffrey what she knows about the case from overhearing her father's private conversations on the matter: that it has to do with a nightclub singer named Dorothy Vallens, who lives in an older apartment building near the Beaumont home. His curiosity getting the better of him, Jeffrey, with Sandy's help, decides to find out more about the woman at the center of the case by breaking into Dorothy's apartment while he knows she's at work. What Jeffrey finds is a world unfamiliar to him, one that he doesn't truly understand but one that he is unable to deny the lure of despite the inherent dangers of being associated with a possible murder. Still, he is torn between this world and the prospect of a relationship with Sandy, the two who are falling for each other, despite Sandy already being in a relationship with Mike, the school's star football player. Huggo There is something strange going on in the picture-perfect suburban community of Lumberton, North Carolina, as the grotesque discovery of a severed human ear crawling with ants begins to haunt the inquisitive college student, Jeffrey Beaumont. However, where is the rest of the body? Above all, who could be the owner of the hair-raising finding? Unable to answer these troubling questions, and with the local police officer, Detective John Williams, unwilling to disclose vital evidence, obsessed Jeffrey embarks on a thrilling but equally dangerous mission to unearth the truth, along with Williams' pretty daughter, Sandy. And now, more and more, the pair becomes embroiled in the gloomy, ill-lit world of the troubled nightclub singer with the velvety voice, Dorothy Vallens, and her psychotic, gas-huffing, drug-dealing beau, Frank Booth. Are the unsuspecting amateur investigators prepared to confront the hidden realm of depravity and murder behind the mystery of the chopped-off ear? Nick Riganas A man returns to his home town after being away and discovers a severed human ear in a field. Not satisfied with the police's pace, he and the police detective's daughter carry out their own investigation. The object of his investigation turns out to be a beautiful and mysterious woman involved with a violent and perversely evil man. Mark Logan <marklo@west.sun.com> Returning home to visit his father who is in intensive care at the hospital, Jeffrey Beaumont stumbles upon a human ear he finds in a field. With local police detective Williams and the local police department unable to investigate, Jeffrey and Sandy, Detective Williams's daughter decide to do their own investigation. But what Jeffrey and Sandy's investigation leads them to discover that a dark underworld exists in their hometown. Jeffrey becomes suspicious of nightclub singer Dorothy Vallens, who is involved with Frank Booth, a violent and evil man. Daniel Williamson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the small logging town of Lumberton, Jeffrey Beaumont ( Kyle MacLachlan ) returns home from college after his father (Jack Harvey) suffers a near fatal stroke. He stays with his mother ( Priscilla Pointer ) and Aunt Barbara ( Frances Bay ) while he takes over working at the local hardware store that his father owns. While walking home from the hospital one day after visiting his father, he cuts through a vacant lot where he discovers a severed ear buried under overgrown grass and puts it in a paper bag. Jeffrey takes the ear to the police station and speaks to Detective John Williams (George Dickerson) whom he knows as a neighbor. Later that evening, Jeffrey goes to Williams' house to glean further details. He finds the detective evasive about the case and receives a stern warning from Williams not to talk about what he found to anyone because it might jeopardize an ongoing police investigation. Outside the house, Jeffrey meets the detective's daughter, Sandy Williams ( Laura Dern ). She tells him a name she overheard from her father of a woman being investigated, Dorothy Vallens ( Isabella Rossellini ), a singer who also lives in the neighborhood. Increasingly curious, Jeffrey devises a plan to sneak into Dorothy's apartment that involves posing as an exterminator. The next day, Jeffrey picks up Sandy from her high school and they drive over to the apartment building where Dorothy lives. Dorothy believes Jeffrey's ruse and lets him into her apartment to spray for bugs. Unexpectedly, a man dressed in a yellow jacket (Fred Pickler) knocks on Dorothy's door while Jeffrey's in the kitchen, and Jeffrey takes advantage of the distraction to steal Dorothy's spare keys. That evening, Jeffrey and Sandy attend Dorothy's performance at the Slow Club. While Dorothy sings onstage, Jeffrey sneaks into her apartment to snoop. Sandy's parked outside of the building as a look-out in case Dorothy returns, but when she honks the car horn to warn Jeffrey, he doesn't hear it. He only has a few seconds to hide in a closet off the living room when he hears Dorothy approaching and unlocking the door. However, Dorothy, wielding a knife, finds him hiding and threatens to hurt him. When she realizes he is merely a curious boy, she assumes his intentions are sexual in nature, and is excited by his voyeurism. She makes him undress at knife point, then performs an act of fellatio on him. Frank Booth ( Dennis Hopper ) interrupts their encounter with a knock on the door. Dorothy urges Jeffrey to return to the closet and he witnesses Frank's bizarre sexual engagement with Dorothy in her living room, which includes gas inhalation/asphyxia with a mask, dry humping, and sado-masochistic acts. One of Frank's fetish objects is a blue velvet robe that he makes Dorothy wear during the ordeal. Frank is a foul-mouthed, violent sociopath whose orgasmic climax is a fit of both pleasure and rage. When Frank leaves, a saddened and desperate Dorothy tries to seduce Jeffrey again. She demands that he also hit her but when he refuses she tells him to leave. The next day, Jeffrey tells Sandy a censored version of what he saw and concludes that Frank might have kidnapped Dorothy's husband Don (Dick Green) and young son Little Donny (Jon Jon Snipes), holding them hostage to extort sexual favors from Dorothy. The following evening, Jeffrey again observes Dorothy's show at the Slow Club, where she performs "Blue Velvet" by Bobby Vinton. Frank is also present at the nightclub. Later, in the car park, Jeffrey watches Frank and his three cohorts, Raymond ( Brad Dourif ), Paul ( Jack Nance ), and Hunter (J. Michael Hunter) drive away and follows them to Frank's apartment building in a desolate industrial area. Jeffrey returns and spends all night and day staking out the building and secretly photographing Frank and his visitors, which include the man in the yellow jacket (aka the Yellow Man) and a well-dressed man with a briefcase. He also follows Frank to a location where he is seen pointing in the distance to a gruesome drug-murder crime-scene investigation by the police. After reporting to Sandy on the bizarre and dangerous nature of Dorothy's situation, Jeffrey goes to Dorothy's apartment again and makes love to her, this time indulging her demands that he hit her. As he strikes her he notices she smiles. Just as he is leaving, Frank and his thugs arrive at the building and Frank forces them both to accompany him on a "joyride," which ends up at the house of Ben ( Dean Stockwell ), a suave, effeminate partner in crime. Jeffrey overhears Frank talking to Ben about their accomplice, named Gordon, who murdered a drug courier in order to steal the drugs. Frank allows Dorothy to see her captive son in a back room -- Jeffrey overhears her pleading with her son to remember she's his mother. At Frank's request, Ben lip-synchs Roy Orbison's "In Dreams," sending Frank into maudlin sadness, then rage. He shouts to his crew that they're going for another high-speed joyride. Back on the road, Frank becomes more brutish and confrontational, taunting Dorothy as well as Jeffrey. When Frank pulls over at a sawmill yard and begins to abuse Dorothy, Jeffrey hits Frank, enraging him further. Frank and his thugs yank Jeffrey from the car and savagely beat him as "In Dreams" plays on the car stereo. Jeffrey wakes up on the ground the next morning and goes home, where he is overcome with guilt and despair. Jeffrey finally realizes that things have gone too far and decides to go to the police. At the police station, Jeffrey sees that Detective Williams' partner, Detective Gordon (the same "Gordon" that Frank mentioned earlier to Ben), is the "Yellow Man" and hurriedly leaves. Later, at Sandy's home, Jeffrey briefs Detective Williams on his findings. Williams reminds Jeffrey of the need to keep quiet. Jeffrey does not reveal Sandy's involvement. A few days later, Jeffrey and Sandy go to a dance party together, profess their newfound love and embrace. As he drives Sandy home, they're followed and rear-ended several times by another driver. Jeffrey is relieved to discover that it's only Sandy's jealous ex-boyfriend Mike (Ken Stovitz). A confrontation is avoided when they see a naked and distressed Dorothy waiting on Jeffrey's front lawn -- she has been severely beaten and is covered in bruises. They drive Dorothy to Sandy's house where Dorothy reveals her clandestine sexual relationship with Jeffrey in front of Sandy and her mother. From the hospital, Jeffrey tells Sandy (who has already forgiven him for starting a romantic relationship with her while sexually involved with a vulnerable and mentally unstable woman) that he must return to Dorothy's apartment and asks Sandy to send her father there immediately. When he arrives at Dorothy's apartment, he finds the dead body of Dorothy's husband, who is missing an ear and has a swatch of blue velvet cloth stuck in his mouth. Detective Gordon is also there, standing in a daze with a severe head injury. When Jeffrey tries to leave, he sees the Well Dressed Man coming up the steps and recognizes him as Frank in disguise. Jeffrey talks to Det. Williams over Gordon's police radio, but then remembers having seen Frank with a police radio as well. Jeffrey lies about his location inside the apartment, hoping Frank will assume he does not know about Frank's radio. Across town, Detective Williams and his men are engaged in a gunfight with Frank's thugs at his apartment building, and Jeffrey is on his own. Frank enters Dorothy's apartment and taunts Jeffrey about having heard Jeffrey's location over his own police radio. When Frank fails to find Jeffrey in the bedroom where Jeffrey announced over the radio that he'd hide, he returns to the living room. Upon Frank's opening the closet door, Jeffrey shoots him point-blank in the forehead with Det. Gordon's gun, killing him instantly. Det. Williams arrives with Sandy in tow. He points his pistol at Jeffrey and lowers it just after telling him "it's all over." Some time later, the Beaumont and Williams families enjoy an afternoon together. Jeffrey's father has recovered from his stroke and he and Det. Williams are talking in the back yard. Jeffrey points out a robin in a tree that's caught a bug. Sandy, who had earlier told Jeffrey about a dream she had involving robins and how they symbolized love, smiles with Jeffrey as they share this moment of contentment and hope. In another afternoon scene, Dorothy and her son play happily in the park together. She embraces the boy and a bittersweet expression comes across her face as Dorothy's voice sings the lyrics ". . . and I still can see blue velvet through my tears." A pair of blue velvet curtains draw to a close, ending the story. 
 Marriage Story (2019)431) Noah Baumbach's incisive and compassionate look at a marriage breaking up and a family staying together. MARRIAGE STORY is Academy Award nominated filmmaker Noah Baumbach's incisive and compassionate look at a marriage breaking up and a family staying together. The film stars Scarlett Johansson and Adam Driver. Laura Dern, Alan Alda, and Ray Liotta co-star. Netflix Sadly, after numerous disastrous sessions of marital mediation, New York City's brilliant theatre director, Charlie, and the one-time Los Angeles movie actress, Nicole, decided to split up, putting an end to their decade-long marriage. However, divorce is horrible--and as the once-close-knit couple struggles to make it work for the sake of their eight-year-old son, Henry--vitriolic accusations and bitter resentment threaten the very foundation of Charlie and Nicole's so-called amicable separation. Now, shrewd and absurdly costly lawyers take over, and things are bound to get messy. But, why are love's wounds so deep, and cruelly painful? In the end, is love always forever? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with voice over as a married couple, Charlie (Adam Driver) and Nicole (Scarlett Johansson) Barber, explains all the things they love about each other. This turns out to be an exercise given to them by a mediator for their impending divorce, hoping to encourage them to remember why they fell in love in the first place. When the meditator asks them to read the letters they wrote, Nicole angrily decides she doesn't want to and storms out. The two have agreed to not use lawyers and simply go through mediation, hoping it will be eases in their young son Henry (Azhy Robertson). The two currently live in New York City where Charlie directs plays and Nicole stars in them. Nicole is offered a TV pilot and and has to leave Charlie's play right before its Broadway transfer to go to Los Angeles to shoot it and brings Henry along with her to stay at her mom Sandra's (Julie Hagerty) house. In Los Angeles, a co-worker strongly recommends Nicole get a divorce lawyer, and refers her to Nora Fanshaw (Laura Dern), a professional and extremely high-powered attorney. Nora asks Nicole for her story, and Nicole explains how she was formerly a well-known actress who grew up in Los Angeles, but on a trip to New York fell in love with Charlie and began starring in his small productions, bringing eyes to his theater which they built up together. She always wanted to come back to LA where her family is and where she's from but Charlie never really considered it, even turning own an opportunity to direct a play in LA. Nicole felt little by little like she didn't exist anymore in the relationship, like she was lost, and she also suspected Charlie of sleeping with his stage manager. Meanwhile, Charlie flies out to LA on breaks from his play rehearsals to see Henry. He tells Nicole he has received a MacArthur Genius Grant for his directing. Nicole asks her sister Cassie (Merritt Wever) to give Charlie the divorce papers, which she does awkwardly. Charlie is confused since he thought they weren't using lawyers, but Nicole tells him it'll be easier this way. Charlie meets with Jay (Ray Liotta), an extremely aggressive divorce attorney with a very expensive retainer, which scares Charlie off. He goes back to New York to continue working, telling his stage manager Mary Ann (Brooke Bloom) that even though they slept together one time, he can't handle it at the moment. Nora calls Charlie, wondering why he hasn't responded to the divorce papers he received. He says he's been busy, and Nora tells him if he doesn't respond by the end of the thirty days the court can give full custody to Nicole. Charlie hurriedly rushes back to LA and begins meeting with lawyers, only to find that Nicole already met with most of them, preventing Charlie from being able to retain them. Sandra gives him a tip on Bert Spitz (Alan Alda), a former entertainment lawyer now working a small practice. Charlie meets with Bert, who warns him (like Jay did) that since Henry was born in California and goes to school in California, courts will see them as a California couple. Charlie keeps repeatedly insisting the California move was only temporary and that they are a New York family, and Henry should come back to New York. Bert is compassionate, and is the first person in the process who treats Charlie like a person. He advises Charlie to get an apartment in LA to look better to the court. On Halloween, Charlie takes Henry for a second round of trick or treating after he's already trick or treated with Nicole, despite Henry being tired. Henry says he likes California, but Charlie is sure he's wrong about it. Nicole's show becomes successful and the plan is to stay in LA. At at meeting with the lawyers, Nora argues hard, despite Charlie's insistence that Henry was going to come back to New York. Nora argues that Charlie never listened to Nicole's wishes of living in California, and hits him hard with details from their relationship. Privately, Bert advises Charlie he needs to let the New York thing go, and Charlie refuses, crying. Later, Nora and Nicole meet at the court to finalize the paperwork, having worked everything out with Bert, but then Charlie arrives with Jay instead. Nora realizes this means they're about to go to war. In court, Jay and Nora battle it out, using personal details about Charlie and Nicole to attack them. Jay accuses Nicole of being an alcoholic, Nora brings up Charlie's affair, Jay tries to lay claim to Nicole's TV money, and in response Nora tries to claim Charlie's grant money. The court decides to appoint an independent evaluator to meet and observe both parents. Nicole goes to Charlie's apartment, feeling the lawyers have gotten out of hand, in hopes of talking it out. Charlie agrees, but the conversation soon devolves into a brutal, vicious argument. Charlie accuses her of lying about not being happy with him and that she just will never be happy, she tells him how he's so selfish he truly can't see beyond himself, and Charlie ends up telling her he wishes she would die - then breaks down sobbing and apologizes. Nora preps Nicole for her meeting with the evaluator, explaining that even though fathers can have some leeway, mothers are always expected to be perfect. The evaluator comes to observe Charlie, and during dinner Henry asks Charlie to do his trick with his pocket knife. Charlie, worried, explains to the evaluator he would do a joke with Nicole where he would retract the knife and pretend to slash himself - only he accidentally does slash himself, bleeding profusely. After the evaluator leaves, he lies on the kitchen floor. Charlie and Nicole, both bleeding money in legal fees from the divorce, finally settle, Nora and Jay backing off the claims to come after the other's money. Henry will stay in LA, though Nora tells a confused Nicole that when Charlie is town despite what she thought, technically it's not shared custody - she got Nicole 55/45 percent, just because she didn't want Charlie to be able to say he won. In New York, at a jazz/singing bar with his cast, Charlie gets up and sings the song "Being Alive". The next Halloween, Nicole is happily dating someone new and nominated for an Emmy - for directing. Charlie comes to visit, and tells Nicole that he's taken a directing job in LA and will be there for a while. She's happy for him. Henry finds the letter Nicole wrote for the mediator when the divorce started and asks Charlie to help him read it. Charlie reads the letter and cries, while Nicole looks over his shoulder. At the end of trick or treating, Nicole asks if Charlie wants to take Henry for the night, even though it's her night for custody. He says yes, and as he's leaving, Nicole tells him to wait - she runs back, ties Charlie's untied shoe, and says goodbye. 
 Wild (I) (2014)651) A chronicle of one woman's one thousand one hundred mile solo hike undertaken as a way to recover from a recent personal tragedy. With the dissolution of her marriage and the death of her mother, Cheryl Strayed has lost all hope. After years of reckless, destructive behavior, she makes a rash decision. With absolutely no experience, driven only by sheer determination, Cheryl hikes more than a thousand miles of the Pacific Crest Trail, alone. Wild powerfully captures the terrors and pleasures of one young woman forging ahead against all odds on a journey that maddens, strengthen, and ultimately heals her. Fox Searchlight 1995. Cheryl Strayed - the surname to which she had recently legally changed, and chosen specifically to reflect her life at the time - has just left her Minnesota home to hike solo the over one thousand miles of the Pacific Crest Trail, south to north, despite having no hiking experience, that inexperience which shows along the way. If she is able to complete the hike, it should take her approximately three months. She is doing so in an effort to find herself, her life which started to take a downward spiral following the premature death of her loving mother, Bobbi Grey, four years earlier. Bobbi long ago left her abusive husband, Cheryl and her younger brother Leif's father, struggling to eke out of life for the three of them, but always living their lives with love and support. Bobbi's death led to Cheryl trying to cope with the emotional pain by drug use - specifically heroin - and indiscriminate sex, which in turn led to the break up of her marriage. Paul, her now ex-husband, is still her biggest source of human support, along with her best friend, Aimee, who plans to send her additional provisions at various points along the trail. Beyond battling the elements, the physical pain and some unexpected other threats, Cheryl still has to emerge from the other side metaphorically to find something that will get her back on track in life. Huggo Cheryl was just 22 years old when her mother Bobbi (Laura Dern) died of cancer in 1991. As children, Cheryl and her brother watched their mother endure intense suffering at the hands of their mentally and physically abusive father, and Bobbi was just getting her life together when she fell gravely ill. The loss was too much for Cheryl to take, and before long she sank so deeply into heroin addiction that it destroyed her marriage. Four years later, Cheryl has hit rock bottom. She knows that unless she makes a change, the future she had once hoped for will slip permanently out of reach. Later, as Cheryl begins her arduous journey through the wilderness, those painful memories come flooding back as she encounters numerous dangers and disheartening setbacks. However, the kindness of strangers helps her summon the courage and endurance she'll need to stay the path.. Left with nothing, and while still grappling with addiction, the grief-stricken twentysomething, Cheryl Strayed , plucks up the courage to embark on a cathartic journey of self-enlightenment. Having no prior experience, and with the bare-minimum equipment, Cheryl decides to begin the arduous, life-altering 1,000-mile hike along the Pacific Crest Trail, utterly unprepared for the physical and mental hardships that lie ahead. Now, a woman alone before the rugged beauty of the untamed wilderness attempts to go above and beyond her limits, conquering the solitary trek to freedom one step at a time. Will the long and treacherous path bring redemption to Cheryl's pain? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene (set in the year 1995), a young woman named Cheryl Strayed (Reese Witherspoon) is seen reaching the top of a cliff while carrying a big pack. She is exhausted and takes a seat, where she removes one of her boots. She peels off the sock to reveal that one of her toenails is about to fall off from all the pressure on her feet. She peels the toenail off, but then accidentally knocks the boot off the cliff edge and watches helplessly as it tumbles down the cliff face. She removes the other boot and hurls it over the edge, screaming in frustration. In a flashback, the movie goes back to the first day of her journey where she checks in to a motel room with an enormous backpack. The motel clerk tells her that there will be an extra charge if a man stays with her, and though Cheryl insists she is by herself, the clerk keeps repeating there will be an extra charge. The clerk also asks for a home address. Cheryl explains that she's hiking the Pacific Crest Trail (PCT) and doesn't have an address, so the clerk tells her to put her parents' address down. Cheryl hesitates but eventually puts an address down. She goes to her room and makes a phone call to a man. She tells the guy that she had to give an address down for her motel and she provided his. The man, Paul (Thomas Sadoski), confirms that it's fine. Cheryl says she was also looking for her brother, even though she's not sure he will even care. Paul tells her that he will pass along a message to her brother and asks how she's feeling about the hike. They have a strained conversation and eventually Paul tells her that he has company and he's making dinner so he will need to get off the phone. Cheryl seems to be uncomfortable with this information but Paul tells her that she's the one who felt she had to hike 1,000 miles. As Cheryl goes through her prep, we see flashes of memories, Cheryl having sex with someone, her mother dancing, Cheryl using heroin, Cheryl fighting with a man in a car. These flashes happen repeatedly throughout the movie. Her pack is enormous and she can barely get it on her back and stand up with it. She goes outside to a gas station to find someone to approach for a ride. She sees an older man traveling with a woman in a minivan, and they agree to give her a ride to the beginning of the trail. The man plays oldies on his radio, which Cheryl sings along to and remembers singing along with her mother as a child. The couple drops Cheryl off at the beginning of the trail, which is marked by a signpost as well as a notebook log for travelers to sign (Day 1). She leaves quotes and song lyrics along the path, attributing them to both the original speaker as well as herself. She looks ahead with uncertainty, but forges ahead. She only makes it a few miles before stopping to set up a camp. She is clearly a novice hiker and camper. During her first stop, she struggles to put up her tent. When she gets out her camping stove, she realizes that she purchased the wrong kind of fuel. She adds water to her grains and just eats the mush. She continues for several days, at a slow pace, eating nothing but mush. She comes to a literal crossroad, and she can continue on the trail or take the paved road back to a town. She decides to keep going. One afternoon (Day 5) she finally comes upon a truck and someone riding a tractor. She runs up to catch the rider before he rides away to ask for a ride back to town. As she approaches, she sees it's a man by himself. She asks if he could give her a ride somewhere she can get a hot meal. The man seems suspicious of her and says he's working, and she says she can wait for him to be done. He says by the time he's done, no restaurant in town will be open. She responds that she can camp somewhere near the restaurant and wait for it to open. Realizing that she won't be put off, the man agrees to take her when he's done and tells her to wait in his truck. Cheryl waits in the truck and pokes around while waiting for the man. She finds a gun in the glove compartment, which she puts back. The man gets in the truck when he's done, sitting and starring at her. Cheryl starts to feel uncomfortable. The man tells her that he's decided that she can go to his house where she can have a hot meal and a shower. Cheryl tells him that he doesn't have to do that, he can just take her into town, but he insists. He also swigs from a flask and hands it to her. She takes it and feeling more and more uncomfortable, she tries to casually tell him that her husband had hiked on ahead of her and they had planned to regroup in a few days. The man stares at her and then tells her he likes to relax after a hard day's work. The man reaches under his dashboard and yanks something out, revealing it to be red licorice. He grins and hands Cheryl a piece, telling her not to tell his wife as she doesn't allow him to have candy. Cheryl laughs and the man drives her to his home. The man and his wife welcome Cheryl into their home, serving her a hot home-cooked meal, though the wife puts down newspapers on Cheryl's chair as she's been hiking for many days. The man remarks that if he wouldn't allow his wife to go on such a difficult hike on her own and his wife warmly teases him. Despite their rough appearance, they are clearly kind, decent people. In the morning, the man drives Cheryl into town so she can buy the right kind of gas for her stove and takes her back to the trail. Cheryl confesses that she made up the story about her husband because she was nervous, but the man tells her that he understands. He asks her if she ever thinks about quitting, and she tells him that it only occurs to her every two minutes. He tells her that he's quit many things in life, marriages, jobs, but he never felt he had a choice. Cheryl continues on the trail slowly. As she walks in solitude, there are multiple flashbacks which unfold out of order. She remembers her mother, Bobbi (Laura Dern), dancing with her and her younger brother Leif (Keene McRae) as children. She remembers her mother rushing them out of their childhood home to escape her abusive father. She remembers the rural farmhouse they moved to in rural Minnesota, where they lived in poverty as her mother tried to make their childhoods happy and full of love. Cheryl reads a book in her tent at night, and in a flashback we see that she derided her mother for reading the same book, dismissing the author and his writing style. Apparently Bobbi decided to go back to college late in life and attended the same college as Cheryl, at the same time. Cheryl remembers being embarrassed of her mother, barely acknowledging her in a hallway, but then apologizing to her for it later that night. Bobbi tells her she understands that it's weird, and it's fine. Leif arrives home with a friend, and Bobbi immediately stops her homework to fix them something to eat. Cheryl is annoyed by this and tells Bobbi and Leif is old enough to get himself something to eat and that Bobbi should be focused on her schoolwork, but Bobbi tells her that being a mother is the most important thing in her life. Cheryl continues to hike (Day 10), struggling with her large pack and encounters a rattlesnake, rainstorms and other struggles. On Day 12, she eventually comes upon another hiker bathing in a stream named Greg (Kevin Rankin). They have a brief, friendly chat about the hike and how it's going. Greg tells her that he's been averaging over 20 miles a day, and Cheryl is embarrassed to admit how slowly she's been going. Greg also tells her that a section of the trail was hit by snow and that most hikers will be taking a bus to bypass the section. They make plans to meet at Kennedy Meadows, a major stopping and resupply point on the trail, which Greg will reach in just a few days. Cheryl continues on the hike, finally reaching Kennedy Meadows (on Day 14), where she is greeted enthusiastically with applause by Greg and several other hikers, who are all men. Greg offers to buy Cheryl a drink, and she tells him that she's been dreaming of Snapple lemonade and potato chips for days. The hikers are all impressed with Cheryl, but they tease her about her enormous pack, which they've nicknamed "Monster." Cheryl picks up a package that was sent by her friend Aimee (Gaby Hoffmann) with fresh clothes and more supplies. A man named Ed, who works at the campsite, offers to help Cheryl repack her gear to lighten the load. He gently teases her about the many items she's packed that she realizes she's never used like heavy camera equipment, condoms and other items. He also advises her to stop carrying so many books, but she refuses to dump them. He tells her that she should rip out the pages of a book after she's read that section to lighten the weight. When she mentions that she's been losing toenails, he advises her that it means her boots are too small and she should call REI who will send a new pair to the next pick up station where they will be waiting for her. Greg again advises her to bypass the snow covered section and take a bus, but Cheryl insists she wants to hit her 1,000 mile goal. He simply tells her to add extra distance to her originally planned ending point and finish up at the Bridge of the Gods in Oregon instead. Cheryl is next seen taking a bus from Kennedy Meadows to a point around the mountains near Reno, Nevada to continue the hike. One day (Day 25), while hitchhiking along a road, she has an encounter with a man driving by who introduces himself as Jimmy Carter who asks her some questions saying that he works for a magazine called Hobo Times, and assumes that she is a hobo. Despite telling him that she is just hiking the PCT, be becomes pushy and asks her questions such as her current place of residence as well as job status and takes a picture of her without her permission. Cheryl quickly becomes annoyed with him and tells him to leave, and he drives off. After hitching another ride with a hippie family, Cheryl continues on the hike, struggling with the difficult path and bad conditions. She has to cross rivers and hike through snow up in the Sierra Mountains, but pushes on. She has an encounter with two snowboarders whom she asks for directions. One of them tells her that she is current in Plumas County, California. They ask if she is lost, but she tells them 'no' and continues on. While making camp, she sees a red fox looking at her. It runs off when she approaches it. She reaches the point shown in the opening scene, where she loses her boots down a cliff face. She straps on her sandals, duct taping them to her feet for extra support, and continues on. On Day 49, when she reaches the next stopping point on the trail, she is relieved to find her new boots waiting for her. She is also overjoyed to meet another woman hiking the trail, as there are so few of them. The woman, named Stacey Johnson, tells her that she met Greg along the way who ultimately had to quit the hike before completing it. Cheryl is astonished to hear that she is still hiking when Greg, the experienced hiker, had to quit. In a flashback, Cheryl remembers complaining to Bobbi about the state of their lives. They both work full time as waitresses and live in a dump of a house. She asks Bobbi if she's not unhappy with her life, having been married to "an abusive asshole". Bobbi tells her that she doesn't regret being married to an abusive man because it brought her children into her life. More flashbacks show that Bobbi is diagnosed with a late stage spinal cancer. She succumbs much more quickly than expected in March 1991 at age 47, and it sends Cheryl into a tailspin. She and Leif are further traumatized by having to put her mother's beloved horse down by shooting it. Cheryl begins to withdraw from life; she begins having sex with random strangers, in hotels, in the alley behind the diner where she works, while still going home to her husband Paul. She also sleeps with a man who introduces her to heroin. Paul finds her in a drug den one day, sleeping naked with the man. He brings her home where, after an argument about her current status, they agree to divorce. As Cheryl hikes across the deserts of northern California, she reaches a water station (on Day 56), desperate to refill her bottles. However, the the tank is empty and Cheryl is left with nothing to drink. She hikes along and finds a puddle of stagnant water filled with mosquitoes. She gets out her water filtration pump, fills it, adds an iodine tablet and waits for the water to be treated and safe to drink. As she sits, two hunters come upon her who are also looking for water. She explains that she's waiting for her water to be treated, but they are free to use her pump. One of the hunters makes sexually suggestive comments to her and leers at her, so Cheryl says that she will be on her way. She packs up her things, and the hunters say they will be leaving as well and head back the way they came. Cheryl walks off for a bit, but then returns to the site when the hunters are out of view. She changes her clothes and starts to set up her tent for the night when one of the hunters suddenly reappears. It is the same creep who leered at her, and he tells her that he likes her new clothes better because they show off her figure. He asks her why she came back and if she had been lying to them about leaving to get rid of them. She nervously tells him no, she just changed her mind. The tense moment is broken up when the other hunter calls for the man to hurry up and get back. The creepy hunter leaves and Cheryl quickly packs up and runs away as fast as she can. In another set of flashbacks, we see Cheryl getting matching tattoos with Paul. The tattoo artist asks what the occasion is, and Paul casually says that they are getting divorced but wanted to commemorate their journey together. The tattoo artist seems surprised, particularly when Cheryl blurts out that she cheated, a lot. The tattoo artists says that Cheryl seems sorry, and she responds that she is, nearly in tears. Paul soothes her. As they are about to mail their divorce papers, Paul asks how Cheryl's feeling about the new name she's chosen for herself, Strayed. Cheryl says it feels appropriate, given what's happened in her life. They mail the papers, embrace and separate. On the trail again, (on Day 62) Cheryl crosses the Oregon state line and arrives in the small town of Ashland which filled with hikers and many hippie types. She goes into a makeup store and samples products when the saleswoman tells her that no matter how much lipstick she puts on, she must take care of her personal hygiene first. Cheryl leaves the store and encounters an attractive man who is handling out fliers for a concert. He approaches Cheryl, who tries to maintain her distance, likely due to her encounter with the hunters and the fact that she hasn't bathed in weeks. He gives her a flyer and tells her that he will put her name on the guest list for the event. Cheryl goes to a motel for the night, showers and makes herself up, heading to the show. The man brings her a drink and teases her about being unrecognizable now that she's all cleaned up. She goes home with him and sleeps with him. In the morning, she makes a phone call to Paul, leaving him a message. She tells him that she wrote his name in the sand on a beach that morning, as she does every time she's on a beach, but she won't do it anymore. Another few days later, Cheryl hikes through the rain to reach another supply station at Mount Hood State Park, but the man who works there is closing up for the day. She begs him to reopen so she can get her package which will contain fresh clothes and more supplies. The man says he will reopen for her, if she promises to have a drink with him. She hesitantly agrees, and he reopens the mail office. As he is inside getting her package, three young men hikers also enter the building. They recognize Cheryl as being the only woman who has been signing the mile marker logs and repeat back many of the quotes and lyrics she has left behind. The man comes out with Cheryl's package but tells the young men that he's already reopened once, and he won't do it again. Cheryl points out that he's not reopening because it's still open, and that given the miserable weather conditions, the packages will bring a little bit of relief. The man begrudgingly retrieves the other packages. Cheryl's package contains a letter from Paul who tells her that he's so proud of her for making it this far and he hopes she finds what she's looking for. Cheryl enjoys hanging out with the young hikers that night as they all camp out. In the morning, the man brings Cheryl a cup of coffee and a doughnut, which she gratefully accepts and the young men tease her over. They tell her she's been dubbed "Queen of the PCT" since the stories of people helping her out and her notes left at the trail markers have become recent popular lore among the trailgoers. She seems to enjoy the nickname. In another flashback, Cheryl thinks of her friend Aimee who has been sending the packages for her. Cheryl meets Aimee for coffee who tells her she's disappointed in her for her behavior, using heroin and sleeping around. Cheryl defiantly tells her that she will try anything once and she's not ashamed of it. However, she breaks down when she confesses to Aimee that she thinks she's pregnant and unsure of who the father is. Aimee forces her to go to a store to buy a pregnancy test, and as they wait in line to purchase it, Cheryl sees a book about the Pacific Crest Trail. She takes the test, which confirms she is pregnant. She breaks down and tells Aimee that she can't be somebody's mother and decides to get an abortion right away. She grieves for her own mother and decides that she will go on a solitary hike on the PCT to walk herself back into the woman her mother raised her to be rather than the mess of a woman she's become. On Day 80, Cheryl is hiking through the woods when she encounters a llama, and an older woman and a young boy running up to her after their pack llama ran way. The little boy asks Cheryl about herself and she tells him about her father who left her and her mother who recently died. The boy sings Cheryl a song which makes her cry. She continues on the trail and finally reaches the Bridge of the Gods (on Day 94). In a final voice-over, as she walks across the bridge, Cheryl talks about finally finishing the hike, and ultimately remarrying and having two children of her own, naming one of them after her mother. She ponders whether she actually regrets the mistakes she's made, as it brought her to the place she is in her life now. Over the closing credits, there are photos of the real Cheryl Strayed taken during her real-life hiking journey. 