nm0009016:

 Scary Movie (2000)431) A year after disposing of the body of a man they accidentally killed, a group of dumb teenagers are stalked by a bumbling serial killer. A group of teenagers including Cindy Campbell and Bobby Prinze, accidentally hit a man when driving, and dispose of the body, but now they are being stalked by a very recognisable masked killer. The victim count increases, whilst Cindy must survive the carnage that has she has seen in so many films before. simon Six friends - Cindy Campbell, Bobby Prinze, Buffy Gilmore, Greg Phillipe, Ray Wilkins, and Brenda Meeks - are being stalked by a serial killer. A serial killer that is after them because of an accident that they caused last Halloween. A serial killer that seems to have come out of every other scary movie. The body count has already started with Drew Decker, the local town slut, and it's starting to build up. The friends are going to have to escape from both the killer's clutches and annoying news reporter Gail Hailstorm if they plan on living to the sequel... Will Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Teenager Drew Decker is home alone when she receives a phone call. The caller is persistent to find out her name, but she doesn't give in. The caller then reveals he is looking at her. Scared, Drew grabs a baseball bat and answers the front door (thinking it is the caller behind) and attacks a group of trick-or-treaters. The caller then appears in her house, dressed as Ghostface, and proceeds to chase her outside, where he rips her clothes off, which leaves her in white bra and thong. She runs into the sprinklers in her bikini; the killer catches up with her and stabs her in the breast and pulls out an implant. She runs along the road and sees her father, only to be run over by him while being distracted by her mother giving him fellatio. She is then murdered. Cindy Campbell is on her computer when her boyfriend Bobby Prinze appears in the window. Bobby is upset because his relationship with Cindy "isn't going anywhere" (i.e., they have not slept together). Even though he expresses this to her, she refuses and Bobby leaves. The next day in school, Cindy meets with Bobby and the rest of her friends, Brenda Meeks, Greg Phillipe, Ray Wilkins, and Buffy Gilmore. At the school, news teams are trying to interview the police and students who knew the girl who was killed the night before (her name is known as Drew Decker). The most prominent among the reporters is Gail Hailstorm, author of the recently released book You're Dead, I'm Rich. Cindy points out to the others that Drew's murder happened exactly one year after they accidentally killed a man during a night of drunk driving, and dumped his body off a pier. Greg swears the group to a pact that they will reveal what happened that night, and becomes physically abusive to Cindy when she exhibits reluctance. One class, Cindy receives a note from someone telling her that they know about the incident with the man they killed. Cindy looks outside to see the killer waving at her. After football practice, Ray and Greg are in the locker room with a bunch of other guys, and when Ray and everyone else leaves Greg for the showers ("Don't let Uncle Ray catch you!"), the latter goes off to the punching bag. After he finishes and take a shower, he finds a note tucked in the door of his locker showing a picture of his small penis. Enraged, he goes to Cindy and the others and tells them about the note, and is ridiculed for it. Buffy, competing in a beauty pageant, does a dramatic acting piece during the talent portion. During her reading, Greg is murdered by the killer in the balcony. Seeing this, Buffy attempts to warn everyone, but her desperate pleas are taken by the audience and judges as an exceptional acting performance and Buffy stops caring about Greg when she won. That night, Cindy is attacked by the killer, but she calls the cops and the killer escapes. Bobby shows up with the same gloves and knife as the killer, and is arrested. Cindy goes to stay with Buffy that night but receives a call from the real killer, which results in Bobby's release. Bobby and Cindy later bump into each other at school, but their reconciliation is awkward, stemming in part from Cindy not getting over Ginger Spice leaving the Spice Girls. The killer confronts Buffy in the girls' locker room. Making a sarcastic, meta-fictional observation about horror movie clichs, Buffy mocks the killer, even as he stabs her, and continues to do so even after he decapitates her. In order to get her to really shut up, he throws her head in the lost and found bucket. Ray and Brenda go to the movies to watch Shakespeare in Love. Ray, while in a bathroom stall, peeps in on another occupant, and is impaled through the head with a penis. The killer then attempts to kill Brenda in the auditorium, but because of her discourteous behavior, the other patrons kill her before he has a chance. During a party at her house, Cindy has sex with Bobby. At the same time, the killer shows up at Shorty's house to kill him and his friends, but gets high on marijuana with them instead. When they are rapping with each other, the killer raps and kills everyone at the same time except for Shorty, who was beside him all the time. Shorty congratulates the killer for the rap. At Cindy's house, the killer shows up and apparently stabs Bobby. As Cindy attempts to attend to Bobby's wound, Bobby shoots Shorty in the lung, causing marijuana smoke to exude. He reveals that the blood from his "wound" is ketchup, as he was never stabbed at all. Ray then appears, very much alive, and reveals that he and Bobby are copying the killer. When Cindy asks for a motive, Bobby points out that they don't need one, because horror movies like Scream do not boast logically coherent elements like plot or motive. Bobby also sarcastically suggests that it was lack of sex that drove him to do this, and reveals that he and Ray are gay lovers who will start a new life once they kill Cindy, a crime they will get away with because they are merely copycatting a real serial killer who actually exists. To conceal their guilt, they decide to stab one another in order so that the authorities will believe them to be victims of the real killer. As Ray stabs Bobby, Cindy yells "You guys are psychos! You've seen one too many TV shows!", only to have Ray respond angrily stabs Bobby to death while saying "Watching television shows doesn't create psycho killers - canceling TV shows does! The Wayans Brothers was a good show - and we didn't even get a final episode!" (thus breaking character, since the actor playing Ray is Shawn Wayans). However, the real killer appears shortly afterwards, stabbing Ray to death. The killer then attacks Cindy, but after she repels him, he escapes. The police show up and take Cindy to the police station, where they find out that Buffy's brother Doofy (Dave Sheridan) was actually faking his mental retardation and is the real killer,(The Usual Suspects style) and is in cahoots with Gail Hailstorm. After Doofy and Gail escape, the sheriff and Cindy find Doofy's disguise in the street and as Cindy cries out in the street over this discovery, she is run over by a passing car, while the driver is getting fellatio. During the end credits, two scenes are shown: ~ Shorty talking to the audience about his plans to rob a supermarket. ~ Doofy breaking up with his vacuum and making love with it. 
 The Faculty (1998)541) When Casey Connor, Herrington High School's newspaper photographer, witnesses the murder of a nurse and sees her alive again, he decides to investigate the bizarre happenings. On the Harrington High School in Ohio, the newcomer Marybeth Louise Hutchinson tries to befriend the outcast Stokely 'Stokes' Mitchell. The quarterback Stan Rosado quits the football team and breaks off with his girlfriend Delilah Profitt, who is the editor of the school newspaper and head cheerleader. Zeke Tyler, who is repeating the senior year and sells drugs to the other students, has an argument with his teacher Elizabeth Burke. When the bullied Casey Connor finds a weird being on the football field, he brings it to his Professor Edward Furlong that finds that the unknown specimen lives in the water and has the ability of replicating. Later, Delilah brings Casey, who is the photographer of the newspaper and has a crush on her, to the faculty room to snoop around and find any evidence for a story, they need to hide in a closet when Coach Joe Willis and the teacher Karen Olson arrive. Delilah and Casey witness the coach and the teacher attacking Nurse Rosa Harper and they stumble with the corpse of Mrs. Jessica Brummel, who has recently died, in the closet. They call the police but are discredited by Principal Valerie Drake. On the next morning, Casey discloses to Delilah, Stokely and Stan that he believes that aliens are taking over the planet through their high school. Zeke and Marybeth overhear the conversation and join the group. Further they discover that the aliens need water to survive and Zeke's drug is diuretic and kills them. But the problem is who can be trusted in the group. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A horror tale set in a High School where the students suspect the teaching staff of being aliens, who are intent on making the students their victims. Jordan Chamerski Herrington High, Ohio, a small-town highschool. All of a sudden, the teachers start changing attitude. When Casey and Delilah have to hide in a closet in the teacher's lounge, they witness the strangulation of Nurse Harper by two of them. Shocked, they manage to flee. Only moments later, the nurse seems to be very alive, but also somehow changed, like all the teachers and most of the students. Only Casey, Delilah and four others seem to be suspicious. Proof of an alien infection is finally brought by the chemistry teacher, who also points out a way to kill the infected humans. The plan now is to get the queen, before the aliens can spread out over the whole country. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. One evening at Herrington High School in Ohio, several teachers and the principal leave after discussions about the school's budget. Having left her keys behind, Principal Valerie Drake (Bebe Neuwirth) returns to retrieve them. In her office, she is barred from leaving by Coach Willis (Robert Patrick), who becomes increasingly erratic. As she attempts to leave, Willis impulsively stabs a pencil through her hand. Valerie flees to the entrance only to find the door chained up and the drama teacher Mrs. Olsen (Piper Laurie) is outside. She retrieves her keys and grabs a pair of scissors, and is able to escape. Outside, Mrs. Olsen emotionlessly grabs the scissors, and stabs Valerie to death. The following morning, the film's six protagonist students are introduced. Casey Connor (Elijah Wood), the dedicated but perpetually klutzy and harassed geek photographer for the school newspaper. The spiteful Delilah Profitt (Jordana Brewster), the paper's editor-in-chief and head cheerleader. Delilah's mistreated boyfriend Stan Rosado (Shawn Hatosy) who is contemplating quitting the school's football team to pursue academics. Zeke Tyler (Josh Hartnett), an intelligent yet rebellious student repeating his senior year who sells, among other illegal items, a powdery ecstasy-like drug he manufactures and distributes. Zeke is confronted by the timid Miss Elizabeth Burke (Famke Janssen), who expresses concern for him over his illegal activities. A naive transfer student from Atlanta, Georgia, Marybeth Louise Hutchinson (Laura Harris), attempts to befriend self-styled outcast, Stokely Mitchell (Clea DuVall), despite the fact that Delilah has deliberately spread rumors that Stokes is a lesbian even though she has a crush on Stan. Marybeth, on the other hand, develops a crush on Zeke. While eating lunch on the football field, Casey notices a strange creature in the grass. He takes it to science teacher Mr. Furlong (Jon Stewart), where the specimen is examined and believed to be a new species of cephalopod-specific parasite called a mesozoan. Delilah takes Casey into the teacher's lounge to find a story for the front page, where they hide in a closet. They witness Coach Willis and Ms. Olsen assault the school nurse, Ms. Harper (Salma Hayek) by forcing one of the creatures into her ear. They also find the body of Mrs. Brummel (Susan Willis). Casey and Delilah flee, and Casey calls the police. Principal Drake claims nothing is wrong and that Casey is seeking attention. The next day, Casey tells Delilah, Stan and Stokely that he believes the teachers are being controlled by aliens. After Zeke and Marybeth enter the classroom and tease them about their theory, Mr. Furlong confronts them. Furlong suddenly becomes defensive and attempts to infect them. Zeke cuts off Furlong's fingers and then injects his homemade drugs into Furlong's eye, apparently killing him. Zeke takes the five to his house where he examines and experiments with Casey's specimen. He discovers that it needs water to survive and can be killed by his drugs because it is a diuretic. Zeke makes everyone take some of his drug to prove they are human and unaffected. Delilah is revealed as infected, and she destroys Zeke's lab and most of his drug supply before escaping. Acting on Stokely's speculation that killing the queen alien would revert everyone to normal, the group returns to the school that evening, where their football team is playing a game and infecting opposing players. Believing Principal Drake to be the queen, they isolate her in the gym and fatally shoot her. Stan goes outside and confronts the coach and football team to see if it worked, but gets infected. Zeke and Casey go to Zeke's car to retrieve more of Zeke's drugs. Casey leads infected students away from Zeke, who encounters Miss Burke in the parking lot and seemingly kills her when he makes his escape. Back at the gym, Stokely becomes suspicious of Marybeth during a conversation about pretending to be what one isn't. Marybeth subsequently reveals herself to be the alien queen. Earlier, she faked taking the drug. Casey and Stokely flee to the swimming pool where Stokely gets injured and becomes infected. Zeke and Casey hide in the locker room, where Marybeth reverts to her human disguise, naked. She explains that she is taking over Earth because her own planet is dying. Marybeth transforms back into her true form and hurls Zeke across the room into several lockers, knocking him out. Casey seizes the drug and tricks the queen into following him into the retracting bleachers, thus trapping her. Casey then stabs the drug into the queen's eye. The queen infects Casey with her dying breath, but Casey almost immediately returns to normal upon the queen's death. The dead body of the alien queen dissolves into powdered remains. Casey returns to the locker room and finds Stokely and Zeke alive. One month later, everyone has returned to normal. Stan and Stokely begin dating, and Zeke takes Stan's place on the football team (while Miss Burke affectionately watches him practice). Mr. Furlong has miraculously survived the attack, now sporting an eyepatch and bandages on his hand. Casey begins dating Delilah and has been considered a local hero. 
 Meet the Parents (2000)Summaries Male nurse Greg Focker meets his girlfriend's parents before proposing, but her suspicious father is every date's worst nightmare. A Jewish male nurse plans to ask his live-in girl friend to marry him. However, he learns that her strict father expects to be asked for his daughter's hand before she can accept. Thus begins the visit from Hell as the two travel to meet Mom and Dad, who turns out to be former CIA with a lie detector in the basement. Coincidentally, a sister also has announced her wedding to a young doctor. Of course everything that can go wrong, does, including the disappearance of Dad's beloved Himalayan cat, Jinxie. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Male nurse Greg Focker is poised to propose to his girlfriend Pam during a weekend stay at her parents' home. But here's the catch . . . he needs to ask her father first. Alas, the fur flies as Jack Byrnes, Pam's cat-crazy, ex-CIA father takes an immediate dislike to her less-than-truthful beau. Greg's quest for approval gets seriously sidetracked as Murphy's Law takes over and a string of mishaps turns him into a master of disaster and total pariah in the eyes of the entire family . . . all except for his shell-shocked girlfriend, who can't believe she still loves her one-man wrecking crew. Official DVD cover It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 House of Wax (2005)651) A group of teens are unwittingly stranded near a strange wax museum and soon must fight to survive and keep from becoming the next exhibit. Six friends are on their way to a football game. They decide to camp out for the night and continue driving the next day. The next day the friends find that they're having car troubles, so two of the friends accept a stranger's ride into a small town named Ambrose. The main attraction in Ambrose is the House of Wax. Except something is not right in this town, the wax figures are so realistic and the whole town is deserted - except for two murderous twin brothers. The six friends must fight to survive and escape from being the next exhibits in the House of Wax. ahmetkozan Teenage friends Nick Jones, Wade, Dalton Chapman, Blake, Carly Jones and Paige Edwards must camp in a godforsaken part of Louisiana on their way to a college football game and get a good scare finding a pile of deer meat and one human arm- fake. After the fan belt of Wade's car breaks he decides, not really a fan anyway, to stay behind with his girl while the others drove on. the pair accepts a local's ride, but rather rudely make him stop doubting his sincerity, as turns out just outside the nearest town he tipped them off to have a garage. It's a sleepy place, where they are scolding for interrupting a funeral to get the mechanic. waiting for him, they wonder into the town's only attraction, a nevertheless empty wax figures museum. After his arrival, they split up and their nightmare starts, ultimately being captured and tortured by a madman, or two, who already produced the wax people from once live ones. Meanwhile the other mates gave up braving a traffic jam that made them loose too much time to attend the match, and return, only to fall prey themselves. Still some survive and fight back. KGF Vissers A group of friends on their way to a college football game falls prey to a pair of murderous brothers in an abandoned small town. They discover that the brothers have expanded upon the area's main attraction.. the House of Wax. And created an entire town filled with the wax-coated corpses of unlucky visitors. Now the group must find a way out before they too become permanent exhibits in the House of Wax... austin4577@aol.com A group of friends (Carly Jones, Nick Jones, Paige Edwards, Wade, Dalton Chapman, and Blake) are on their way to an important football game, while along the way, they decide to camp in some woods. The next day Wade's car experiences car troubles with a broken fan belt. Carly and Wade decide to go to the nearest town to get a new fan belt while the rest of the group attempts to go to the game. When an unbelievably slow traffic jam stops Paige, Dalton, Blake, and Nick, they decide to go back to get Wade and Carly. One by one, the entire group ends up falling prey to two murderous brothers, the creators of the town's local 'House of Wax'. They must escape before they become the House of Wax's main exhibit. jmfirecracker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with a scene set in 1974. A woman is boiling hot wax to make wax masks while her young son is eating his breakfast in a high chair. Suddenly the father comes in holding a near hysterical second son who is kicking and screaming wildly. The second child needs to be strapped down in his high chair due to his apparently violent nature, and is compared negatively to the other child. The present. Six youngsters are on their way to a highly anticipated football game. Carly Jones (Elisha Cuthbert) is an ambitious young woman who is planning to move to New York. Her boyfriend Wade (Jared Padalecki) is a small-town boy who is hesitant about moving to the big city. They are joined on their trip by Carly's friend Paige Edwards (Paris Hilton) who may be pregnant with her boyfriend Blake's (Robert Ri'chard) child, although she hasn't told him yet. Blake has invited Carly's twin brother Nick Jones (Chad Michael Murray), a juvenile delinquent, to come along; Nick comments that their parents say Carly is the "good twin" and he is the "bad twin". Nick has brought along his rather annoying and immature friend, Dalton Chapman (Jon Abrahams). When night falls the group decides to set up camp for the night in a field. The campsite is visited by a mysterious stranger in a truck who shines his lights at the campsite, but refuses to leave, speak, or turn off his lights. Nick throws a beer bottle at the truck, breaking a headlight. Later that night, when everyone is asleep, Carly detects someone entering their camp. The next morning Wade discovers that his fan belt has been torn... or cut. Carly and Paige, meanwhile, discover a large ditch filled with roadkill. A disheveled man with poor hygiene and strange behavior adds a deer to the pile. He offers to drive Carly and Wade to the nearby town of Ambrose to get a new fanbelt, while the rest of the group goes to the football game. However, the rest of the group soon find themselves in a traffic jam and decide to return to the camp site to wait for Wade and Carly to return from Ambrose. Wade and Carly are creeped out by the roadkill transporter and get out and go to Ambrose on their own. The town seems almost like a ghost town, though the church is full. They visit the run-down wax museum, which is entirely made of wax. Scared by the rather eerie wax figures and the sudden appearance of a creepy man outside the window of the museum, Wade and Carly go to a garage where they meet with Bo, a mechanic who was in the church, who agrees to take them to his house and sell them a fanbelt. The handsome, charming man tells them the story of the Sinclairs (the former owners of the wax museum) while they walk to his house. Apparently Dr. Victor Sinclair and his wife Trudy moved to Ambrose when Victor was fired for performing experimental procedures on patients. Once in Ambrose, his wife Trudy discovered a passion for sculpting wax figures but eventually fell ill and died. A depressed Victor then committed suicide, leaving the Sinclair children as orphans. While Carly waits in the car outside of Bo's house, she discovers that the headlight of Bo's truck is broken. Realizing it must be the same truck that bothered them the night before, she tries to warn Wade by blowing the car horn. However, as Wade is trying to leave, someone comes from below and cuts his Achilles tendon, crippling him. Wade is subsequently stabbed and knocked out. Revealing his true intentions, Bo begins chasing Carly, and she eventually ends up in the church and discovers that all the funeral guests she saw earlier are actually wax figures. She is captured by Bo and imprisoned in the cellar of his gas station with her lips glued together, as well as cutting a part of her finger off. Bo's brother Vincent (the creepy man Carly saw outside the museum), meanwhile, starts to embalm Wade in wax. Nick and Dalton soon arrive in Ambrose to look for their friends and, upon encountering Bo, Nick asks him whether he has seen Carly or Wade. Carly hears Nick's voice and manages to rip her lips open and scream for help. Knocking Bo over, Nick rushes to the rescue and frees Carly. The siblings discover that the rest of Ambrose's population is dead, wax-preserved and displayed to make it appear that the town actually has living residents. At the same time, Dalton enters the house of wax and finds Wade covered in wax. Wade is alive, but unable to move. Dalton attempts to free Wade by peeling the wax. As he is doing this, he realizes that he is peeling Wade's skin off his face (which somehow fused with the wax). Vincent finds Dalton and starts to chase him, slicing off part of Wade's face off in the process which causes him to die from shock. Dalton falls down the stairs and Vincent decapitates him. Vincent then goes to the campsite where Paige and Blake are and kills them by stabbing Blake in the neck and impaling Paige on a metal pole. Back in Ambrose, Carly and Nick overhear a conversation between Bo and Vincent, who are the Sinclair children seen in 1974. It turns out that Vincent (the "good" twin who was seen behaving well in the opening scene) simply wanted to continue his mother's work of creating wax figures but Bo (the "evil" twin who had been violent and was tied down in the opening scene) manipulated him to start murdering people to make more realistic wax figures out of their victims. Carly also finds newspaper cuttings that report how Dr. Victor Sinclair separated his Siamese twin sons at birth, leaving one (Vincent) badly disfigured. Chased once more by Bo and Vincent they eventually end up in the wax museum. Nick starts a fire in the house of wax and the whole house begins to melt. The demented brothers die in the fire, with Bo's head being beaten by Carly with a bat. Upon seeing Bo's lifeless body, Vincent, in anger becomes fixated on killing Carly, despite her trying to reason with him over his family's history of corrupt ways. Vincent is then stabbed by Carly and pushed through the wax floor to his death by Nick, where he lands on his brother's corpse on the same place where they were both conjoined. Carly and Nick then manage to dig their way out to safety through the second-story wall. The smoke from the blaze eventually draws outside help. The siblings discover that the town had long ago been abandoned, and that it was no longer on any map. As the ambulance carries Carly and Nick away, the Sheriff learns that there were actually three Sinclair children. The film ends with a shot of the roadkill transporter petting Bo and Vincent's dog and waving to Carly and Nick as their ambulance leaves Ambrose, leaving audience to think if the seemingly innocent man is one of the Sinclair brothers. 