nm0003779:

 American Horror Story (2011 )651) An anthology series centering on different characters and locations, including a house with a murderous past, an insane asylum, a witch coven, a freak show circus, a haunted hotel, a possessed farmhouse, a cult, the apocalypse, a slasher summer camp, and a bleak beach town and desert valley. Physical and psychological horrors affect a decomposing family, workers and residents of an insane asylum, a coven of witches, a cast of circus freaks, the employees and guests at a struggling hotel, a family who moved into a mysterious farmhouse, the members of a small suburb in Michigan, the surviving members of the Apocalypse and the counselors of a creepy summer camp in this haunting anthology series, focusing on the themes of infidelity, sanity, oppression, discrimination, addiction and exploitation. This is a horror series in which every season tells a different story. The first season is about a haunted house and the family that has moved into it. The second season centers around an insane asylum and a man who is wrongly accused of murdering several women, including his wife. The third season tells the story of a coven of witches trying to figure out who their new "supreme" is. The fourth season is about a "Freak Show" and the lives of its performers. The fifth season is about the employees and guests at the Hotel Cortez, a building made as a secret torture chamber in the 1920s. The sixth season is about a farmhouse near Roanoke, North Carolina, that is besieged by the ghosts of the infamous lost colonists and other strange happenings. Erica Adina Amaral This is a horror television anthology series. Each season is conceived as a self-contained mini-series, following a disparate set of characters and settings and a story line with its own beginning, middle and end. While some actors and actresses appear for more than one year, they usually play completely different roles in each season. ahmetkozan A house haunted by murderous spirits, a Catholic insane asylum from the 1960s, a coven of witches, a freak show starring some truly twisted characters, a hotel filled with serial killers run by a vampire countess, an isolated haunted shack that may hold the secrets to the disappearance of the Roanoke colony, a cult on the rise after the 2016 Presidential election, an outpost that hides the few survivors of the Apocalypse and a summer camp targeted by a serial killer. Every new season comes all new, wholly American terrors in this interconnected modern horror anthology series. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Created by Ryan Murphy, of Glee and Popular, American Horror Story is an FX original series. Described as an anthology series, AHS chronicles fictionalized haunted locations, the living and the dead who interact within them. Each season has its own self-contained storyline and characters and it has been posed that each season will introduce a new location as well as new characters and storylines. Premiering in October 2011, the first season focused its sights on a struggling family of three who move into a new house in LA. Each of them soon learn the house's demonic secrets as well as the violent and selfish spirits within its walls. American Horror Story: Asylum begins in 1964 at the fictional mental institution, Briarcliff Manor, following the stories of the staff and inmates who occupy it, and intercuts with events in the past and present. Returning cast members from the previous season of the series include: Sarah Paulson, Frances Conroy, Jessica Lange, Dylan McDermott, Evan Peters, Zachary Quinto and Lily Rabe. The season garnered seventeen Primetime Emmy Award nominations, more than any other show. The performances of Jessica Lange, James Cromwell, Zachary Quinto, Sarah Paulson, and Lily Rabe were particularly praised. Cromwell won the Emmy for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie, as well as Quinto and Paulson winning their respective supporting categories at the 3rd Critics' Choice Television Awards. The third season primarily follows the antics and events of a Coven of Salem descendants who reside within a boarding school, Miss Robichaux's Academy, centered in New Orleans, Louisiana. The Academy is run by headmistress Cordelia Foxx (Sarah Paulson), who has always lived in the shadow of her mother, Fiona Goode (Jessica Lange). Fiona is the Coven's "Supreme", a witch born every generation who embodies countless gifts and magical abilities, namely, the Seven Wonders of Witchcraft; the Supreme is the head of the Coven. Danger lurks inside the Academy's past due to the mysterious butler Spalding (Denis O'Hare) and his relationship with Fiona. The entire Coven is assessed and evaluated by the Council of Witchcraft, which includes Fiona's old rival and Cordelia's mother figure, Myrtle Snow (Frances Conroy). The season is set in Jupiter, Florida in 1952,[7] centered around one of the few remaining freak shows at the time, as its members do anything to keep the business alive.[8] The season focuses on the conflict between the freaks and the "evil forces" who do not understand them.[9] 
 Lucifer (20162021)321) Lucifer Morningstar has decided he's had enough of being the dutiful servant in Hell and decides to spend some time on Earth to better understand humanity. He settles in Los Angeles - the City of Angels. Lucifer Morningstar, bored from his sulking life in hell, comes to live in Los Angeles. While there, he helps humanity with its miseries through his experience and telepathic abilities to bring people's deepest desires and thoughts out of them. While meeting with a Detective in his nightclub (Lux), a shootout involving him and the Detective leads him to become an LAPD consultant who tries to punish people for their crimes through law and justice. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based upon the characters created by Neil Gaiman , Sam Kieth and Mike Dringenberg , LUCIFER is the story of the original fallen angel. Bored and unhappy as the Lord of Hell, LUCIFER MORNINGSTAR has abandoned his throne and retired to L.A., where he owns Lux, an upscale nightclub. Charming, charismatic and devilishly handsome, Lucifer ( Tom Ellis ) is enjoying his retirement, indulging in a few of his favorite things wine, women, and song when a beautiful pop star is brutally murdered outside of Lux. For the first time in roughly 10 billion years, he feels something awaken deep within him as a result of this murder. Compassion? Sympathy? The very thought disturbs him as well as his best friend and confidante, Mazikeen ( Lesley-Ann Brandt ), a fierce demon in the form of a beautiful young woman. The murder attracts the attention of LAPD homicide detective CHLOE DECKER, who initially is dismissive of Lucifer. But she becomes intrigued by his talent for drawing out people's secrets and his desire to dispense justice, doling out punishment to those who deserve it. As they work together to solve the pop star's murder, Lucifer is struck by Chloe's inherent goodness. Accustomed to dealing with the absolute worst of humanity, Lucifer is intrigued by Chloe's apparent purity and begins to wonder if there's hope for his own soul yet. At the same time, God's emissary, the angel Amendiel ( D.B. Woodside ), has been sent to Los Angeles to convince Lucifer to return to the underworld can the Devil incarnate be tempted toward the side of Good, or will his original calling pull him back toward Evil? 
 The Big Bang Theory (20072019)66) A woman who moves into an apartment across the hall from two brilliant but socially awkward physicists shows them how little they know about life outside of the laboratory. Leonard Hofstadter and Sheldon Cooper are both brilliant physicists working at Cal Tech in Pasadena, California. They are colleagues, best friends, and roommates, although in all capacities their relationship is always tested primarily by Sheldon's regimented, deeply eccentric, and non-conventional ways. They are also friends with their Cal Tech colleagues mechanical engineer Howard Wolowitz and astrophysicist Rajesh Koothrappali. The foursome spend their time working on their individual work projects, playing video games, watching science-fiction movies, or reading comic books. As they are self-professed nerds, all have little or no luck with women. When Penny, a pretty woman and an aspiring actress from Omaha, moves into the apartment across the hall from Leonard and Sheldon's, Leonard has another aspiration in life, namely to get Penny to be his girlfriend. Huggo Mensa-fied best friends and roommates Leonard and Sheldon, physicists who work at the California Institute of Technology, may be able to tell everybody more than they want to know about quantum physics, but getting through most basic social situations, especially ones involving women, totally baffles them. How lucky, then, that babe-alicious waitress/aspiring actress Penny moves in next door. Frequently seen hanging out with Leonard and Sheldon are friends and fellow Caltech scientists Wolowitz and Koothrappali. Will worlds collide? Does Einstein theorize in the woods? Jwelch5742 The lives of two geniuses named Dr. Leonard Hofstader and Dr. Sheldon Cooper change when they meet their new neighbor; motivated but unsuccessful actress Penny, who now works as a waitress at The Cheesecake Factory. As they struggle socially, Penny decides to help them discover the world that they know everything about, but yet know nothing about how to live in it. Friends Howard and Rajesh are along for the ride. Naw Neine The Big Bang Theory is a comedy about brilliant physicists, Leonard and Sheldon, who are the kind of "beautiful minds" that understand how the universe works. But none of that genius helps them interact with people, especially women. All this begins to change when a free-spirited beauty named Penny moves in next door. Sheldon, Leonard's roommate, is quite content spending his nights playing Klingon Boggle with their socially dysfunctional friends, fellow Cal Tech scientists Wolowitz and Koothrappali. However, Leonard sees in Penny a whole new universe of possibilities - including love. ahmetkozan Sheldon Cooper is an insensitive, neurotic obsessive-compulsive who imposes his will on everyone around him and everyone indulges him. Leonard and Penny fight in most episodes and she finds a way to make it his fault. Howard , a momma's boy, swaps one domineering woman for a younger version. Rajesh ruins relationships. This pretty much sums up the entire series. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Batwoman (2019 )Summaries Batwoman seeks justice for Gotham City. Ryan Wilder, armed with a passion for justice and a flair for speaking her mind, soars onto the streets of Gotham as Batwoman, a highly trained street fighter primed to snuff out the failing city's criminal resurgence. But don't call her a hero yet. In a city desperate for a savior, Ryan must overcome her own demons before embracing the call to be Gotham's symbol of hope. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 