nm0004303:

 Tsotsi (2005)321) Six days in the violent life of a young Johannesburg gang leader. In Johannesburg, a small time criminal, Tsotsi, is a teenager without feelings, hardened by his tough life. After a series of violent gang hits, Tsotsi hijacks a car. However, whilst driving, Tsotsi finds that there is a baby on the back seat. He brings the baby to his house in the slum. The next six days bring about a change in him that couldn't be foreseen. based on the review by Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Tsotsi (Presley Chweneyagae) is a petty-crime gang leader. He and his friends Boston, Aap and Butcher (Mothusi Magano, Kenneth Nkosi, Zenzo Ngqobe) rob a older man on a crowded subway then Butcher stabs him quietly and they flee once the subway is empty. Boston is sick afterwards. The gang goes to the local bar for a drink and Tsotsi mocks Boston for getting sick. Boston asks Tsosti what his real name is and a antagonizes him about what happened to him that made him this way. Boston pushes Tsotsi too far and Tsotsi hits him, pushing him to the floor. He continues the beating on the floor, hitting him numerous times in the face and kicking him in the side. Tsotsi then walks out of the bar. Tsotsi walks through the rain and makes his way towards a upper class house where a car just pulled up to the gate. A woman, Pumla (Nambitha Mpumlwana) gets out and rings the bell and speaks to someone asking him to open the gate. Tsotsi runs up, draws his gun and points it at her. He gets in the car and she tries to stop him from leaving. As Tsotsi shifts from reverse to drive he's stopped for a moment and Pumla manages to get the car door open and tries to tell him to stop but Tsotsi shoots her and drives off. Suddenly he hears a soft crying: it's a baby. He swerves and hits a sign, almost running off the road. The car is smoking as Tsotsi runs around to the back door to look at the baby. He considers leaving on his own but finally, he puts the baby in a paper shopping bag and leaves the car. Tsotsi brings the baby to his small home. He wakes up the next morning and triess to change the baby but doesn't have anything to properly take care of it. He feeds the baby with some milk but is interrupted by his friends at the door. They make plans to meet later at the subway station. Tsotsi bumps into a handicapped man, Morris (Jerry Mofokeng) at the subway station before meeting his friends and he yells at him. Tsotsi just stares at him when Morris spits on his shoe. The man leaves and Tsotsi follows him all the way to a quiet spot. Tsotsi stops him and tells him to walk, that he is faking his leg injury. Morris insists that he is not faking and explains that he was hit by a falling beam while working in the mines. Tsotsi compares him to a dog whose back has been broken but still tries to crawl around without the use of its back legs. He asks him why he bothers to live. The man says he likes feeling the heat of the sun. Tsotsi leaves him. When Tsotsi returns home ants are all over baby and he realises he doesn't know how to take care of it. He takes the baby to Miriam (Terry Pheto)'s home, and forces her to breast-feed the baby. They start talking, and she asks what the baby's name is. Tsotsi tells her that the baby's name is David. She convinces him to leave the baby with her and that she will take care of him. Tsotsi before leaving reminds her that the baby is his. Tsotsi goes to see Boston at Soekie's (Thembi Nyandeni) house and explains that Boston should be at his house and that he will take care of Boston. Tsotsi tells a story about finding Boston in the streets and how he took care of him then. This convinces Soekie to let him come to Tsotsi's house. After settling Boston in, Tsotsi and his friends Aap and Butcher return to the baby's home to rob it. They hold John (Rapulana Seiphemo), the father, at gunpoint and tie him to a chair. Butcher insists on killing John but Tsotsi tells him they will later and stops him. His friends do not know Tsotsi's true intention of stealing items for the baby. While Aap is looking for alcohol in the kitchen instead of watching John, John pushes an alarm button on his keychain. Butcher, who had found a gun in the bedroom he was ransacking, races over and puts the gun to John's head. He tries to shoot him but the gun's safety was on. Before he can fire again Tsotsi shoots Butcher. Tsotsi and John share a look before Aap and Tsotsi flee the scene in John's car. They sell the car in a car yard and Tsotsi starts to walk away and realizes that Aap isn't coming. Aap asks him when it is his turn. Tsotsi doesn't understand. Aap explains that first he hurt Boston, now he killed Butcher and when is Tsotsi going to turn on him. Tsotsi gives him some of the money they got for the car and leaves him. Tsotsi returns to Miriam's house and she offers him food. She tells him she knows where he got the baby, that she read it in the news. Tsotsi freaks out, takes the baby and begins to leave. Miriam tells him he needs to return the baby and Tsotsi asks Miriam if he could still come over to her home depending on what he decides. Miriam says yes and Tsotsi leaves. Tsotsi brings the baby back home and wakes Boston up. He tells Boston that he is sorry. Boston wakes up the next morning to police pointing guns at him after Soekie tells the police where Tsotsi lives. Boston doesn't know anything about the baby or where Tsotsi went. Tsotsi is dressed nicely and waking in the subway station. As he walks past Morris he offers him money. He then comes to the baby's home and a police man notices him outside and calls for backup. Tsotsi pushes the intercom and tells John that he is going to leave the baby outside. The baby starts the cry and Tsotsi picks it up to quiet it as John comes outside. The police all pull up and point their guns at him. Tsotsi freezes and refuses to drop the baby. Pumla comes outside and tells him to give her baby back. John tells the officers to lower their weapons and they do so. He talks to Tsotsi as he slowly opens the gate and comes to him to get the baby. Tsotsi lets him take the baby from his arms and the police tell him to raise his hands above his head. 
 Official Secrets (2019)Summaries The true story of a British whistleblower who leaked information to the press about an illegal NSA spy operation designed to push the UN Security Council into sanctioning the 2003 invasion of Iraq. A morality tale for the 21st century, Official Secrets tells the true story of British Intelligence whistle-blower Katharine Gun who, during the immediate run-up to the 2003 Iraq invasion, leaked a top secret NSA memo exposing a joint US-UK illegal spying operation against members of the UN Security Council. The memo proposed blackmailing smaller, undecided member states into voting for war. At great personal and professional risk, journalist Martin Bright published the leaked document in The Observer newspaper in London, and the story made headlines around the world. Members of the Security Council were outraged and any chance of a UN resolution in favour of war collapsed. But within days, Bush declared he no longer needed UN backing and invaded anyway. As Iraq descended into chaos, Katharine was arrested and charged with breaching the Official Secrets Act. Martin faced potential charges too. Their legal battles exposed the highest levels of government in both London and Washington with having manipulated intelligence in order to sell an illegal war. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Reasonable Man (1999)Summaries With issues of his own, an ex-army officer-turned-lawyer defends an impoverished young cowherd of killing a baby. A Reasonable Man tells the story of a city lawyer who comes across the case of a herdboy from remote, rural Zululand who has killed a one-year-old baby in the mistaken belief that he was killing an evil spirit known throughout Southern Africa as the "Tikoloshe". Dark secrets which lie buried deep within the lawyer connect him to the boy. He takes the case and enters a world of African witchcraft and mysticism to discover the truth about the killing--and himself. Gavin Hood <gavinhood@compuserve.com> With the trauma of 1988 Angola still deep within his mind, Army officer-turned-lawyer Sean Raine (Gavin Hood), now married to Jennifer (Janine Eser), unexpectedly comes across a crime scene. There young cowherd Sipho Mbombela (Loyiso Gxwala), armed with a bloody hatchet, has admitted to killing a baby in 1998 Zululand. Sean decides to defend him and finds out that Sipho had killed the baby believing it to be Tikoloshe, an evil spirit, and the baby's genitals had been cut off. As the trial progresses, Sean finds himself at loggerheads, not only with his uncooperative client, whose very own mother refuses to see him, but also Judge Wendon (Nigel Hawthorne), who not only warns but may also cite him for contempt as he tries to prove that demonic possession persists not only locally but also in all major religions worldwide, including Buddhism, Christianity, Hinduism, Judaism, and Islam--while seeking personal treatment from local witch-doctor Sangoma Rachel Ndlovu (Nandi Nyembe). rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Eye in the Sky (2015)431) Col. Katherine Powell, a military officer in command of an operation to capture terrorists in Kenya, sees her mission escalate when a girl enters the kill zone triggering an international dispute over the implications of modern warfare. Colonel Katherine Powell (Dame Helen Mirren) is a U.K.-based military officer in command of a top secret drone operation to capture terrorists in Kenya. Through remote surveillance and on-the-ground intel, Powell discovers the targets are planning a suicide bombing and the mission escalates from "capture" to "kill". But as American pilot Lieutenant Steve Watts (Aaron Paul) is about to engage, a nine-year old girl enters the kill zone triggering an international dispute, reaching the highest levels of U.S. and British government, over the moral, political, and personal implications of modern warfare. Bleecker Street Working with her American counterparts and the Kenyan military, British Colonel Katherine Powell (Dame Helen Mirren) is about to launch an operation that, if successful, will lead to the capture of the Number 2, 3, and 5 terrorists on the American list of most wanted terrorists in East Africa. Amongst the group they hope to arrest are British nationals Susan Helen Danford, now known as Ayesha Al-Hady (Lex King), her husband, and a recently radicalized young man who just arrived from the U.K. There is also a radicalized American in the group. Her plan to capture the group goes awry when they suddenly decamp to a new location and Powell wants to move to Plan B: a kill mission. The result is a debate amongst those in charge - in London, there is Powell's commanding officer Lieutenant General Frank Benson (Alan Rickman), a junior minister and the British Attorney General; the British Foreign Secretary is at a trade conference; and the U.S. Secretary of State is in China - on whether they can proceed. From somewhere in the U.S. Midwest, Lieutenant Steve Watts (Aaron Paul) is flying the U.S. drone in the sky above Nairobi, and is the man who will ultimately pull the trigger if the kill mission is approved. Complicating matters, however, is the sudden appearance in the "kill zone" of a young girl selling bread. Do they proceed knowing there will be collateral damage? garykmcd Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. EYE IN THE SKY stars Helen Mirren as Colonel Katherine Powell, a UK-based military officer in command of a top secret drone operation to capture terrorists in Kenya. Through remote surveillance and on-the-ground intel, Powell discovers the targets are planning a suicide bombing and the mission escalates from capture to kill. But as American pilot Steve Watts (Aaron Paul) is about to engage, a nine-year old girl enters the kill zone triggering an international dispute, reaching the highest levels of US and British government, over the moral, political, and personal implications of modern warfare. 