nm0005370:

 Hollywoodland (2006)Summaries A detective examines the mysterious death of George Reeves , the star of the television series Adventures of Superman (1952) . Struggling private investigator Louis Simo treats his work more as a means to make a living than a want to do right by what few clients he has. Through connections with the investigation firm for which he used to work, Simo is hired by Helen Bessolo to investigate the death of her son, actor George Reeves . Reeves was best known for his title role in Adventures of Superman (1952) , a role which he always despised, in part since it typecast him as a "cartoon", despite it bringing him a certain fame. His June 16, 1959 death by a single gunshot wound while in his bedroom in his Los Angeles home was ruled a suicide by the police, the death which occurred when the house was filled with people. Reeves' story is told in part in flashback as Simo, who is trying to make a name for himself with this case, talks to or tries to talk to some of the players involved, most specifically the wife of MGM General Manager E.J. Mannix , Toni Mannix, with whom Reeves was having a relatively open and gift-lucrative affair (she bought him that house), and Reeves' fiance at the time of his death, Lenore Lemmon, an aspiring actress who some felt didn't love Reeves (or vice versa). As Simo proceeds with his high-profile investigation, he learns that someone doesn't want him snooping around. Through the process, Simo evaluates his own professional and personal life, the latter of which includes a somewhat strained relationship with his wife and son. Huggo An exploration of fame and identity, inspired by one of Hollywood's most infamous real-life mysteries. June 16, 1959. The glamour of Tinseltown permanently fades for actor George Reeves, the heroic Man of Steel on TV's Adventures of Superman, as the actor dies in his Hollywood Hills home. Felled by a single gunshot wound, Reeves leaves behind a fiance - aspiring starlet Leonore Lemmon - and millions of fans who are shocked by his death. But it is his grieving mother, Helen Bessolo, who will not let the questionable circumstances surrounding his demise go unaddressed. Helen seeks justice, or at least answers. The Los Angeles Police Department closes the case, but Helen hires - for $50 a day - private detective Louis Simo. Simo soon ascertains that the torrid affair Reeves had with Toni Mannix, the wife of MGM studio executive Eddie Mannix, might hold the key to the truth. But truth and justice are not so easily found in Hollywood. Simo pursues dangerous and elusive leads in both high and low places and, in trying to turn up the heat, risks getting burned. The detective also uncovers unexpected connections to his own life as the case turns more personal and he learns more about Reeves himself. Behind the icon was a complex man who gave his life to Hollywood in more ways than one. Focus Features It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Last Exit (2006 TV Movie)321) Shattered windshields. Twisted wreckage. Last Exit is an action-suspense drama that tells the parallel stories of two ordinary women - one, a single mother barely supporting her handicapped son, and the other, a working mom precariously balancing her family with a high-pressure career - on one extraordinary day. Each woman's life frays under the weight of her circumstances and spirals out of control. As police officers race to save them, pieces of a shattered puzzle fall into place - maybe this wasn't just a tragic car accident after all. Both women fight for their lives, but ultimately, only one will survive Renee Hebert and Russ Cochrane In a big city, Beth Welland is a divorced woman working as secretary in a law firm having problems with her boss and also financial difficulties to raise her ten year old handicapped beloved son, Benji. On the day of Benji's birthday, Beth's life is completely affected when she is cut up by the executive Diana Burke and misses the last exit in a highway, arriving late to her job. Meanwhile, Andrea is under pressure, depending on her presentation to an important client to be promoted in the company where she works, but having family problems at home, with her unemployed husband, two teenagers and a secret pregnancy. This incident early in the morning together with the stressed situations along their day will entwine and affect their lives and destinies. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two cars wreck in a heavy rain. One of the drivers manages to call 911 on her cell phone to report the accident. She says it was all her fault. Then she staggers over to the other car, saying she is sorry and that help is on the way. Suddenly a shot rings out and she collapses. The police arrive but cannot reach the driver trapped in her car. The woman on the ground is seriously injured and rushed to the hospital. Beth Welland is the single mother of a ten-year-old special needs son, Benji, who uses a wheelchair. She was never married to his father, who nonetheless is an important part of Benji's life. Beth and Benji live in an inner-city apartment with no air-conditioning. Her job as legal secretary barely pays the bills and she cannot afford to have her ageing car repaired. On this particular morning, the car is hard to start. After leaving Benji with his father, she drives rapidly to work. Just as Beth approaches her exit, an SUV cuts in front of her, forcing her to swerve and miss the exit. On the SUV's bumper, Beth takes note of a sticker for a very exclusive private school. She is forced to take the next exit, which makes her late for work. The SUV is driven by Diana Burke, an advertising executive with two teenage children and an unemployed husband. The Burkes live in a palatial home but Diana is worried about how they'll pay the mortgage. That morning her husband buys yet another gun on the internet. Diana is very angry and says he needs to be looking for a job. He reminds her of an upcoming interview later that day. Their daughter says she is too ill to go to school. Diana doesn't really believe her but there is no time to argue. She takes her son to school, not noticing that she cut off a car at the exit. Her mind is entirely focused on potential clients who are visiting that day. She is in charge of the presentation, which will ultimately determine whether she receives a big promotion. Beth is late to work. Her boss was expecting an important document but the courier couldn't leave it because no one was there. She tries to sneak into her office but her boss angrily confronts her. He is due in court and needs the document, so Beth has to track it down. This time her car won't start at all, but the building tech support guy comes to her aid. They recently had a date and he wants to go out again, but Beth doesn't want to get involved. He is able to get her car started but warns her not to turn off the engine. Diana's office is in an uproar because of the presentation that afternoon. Her boss insists that they go over it again. She is very nervous that something will go wrong but Diana says she is "on top of it." Then her son's school calls her in for an emergency conference since they were unable to reach his father. The boy took one of his father's pistols to school just to show it to his friends. The principal says she will have to call the police but reconsiders and decides to expel him for the remainder of the term. Diana takes him home and returns to work, very stressed. Her daughter calls while Diana is driving, but her cell phone battery is dying. She locates the car charger but then can't get a signal. Beth tracks down the courier and retrieves the document but narrowly escapes a parking ticket. When she finally delivers the document into her boss's hands, he fires her for constant tardiness. He is tired of her endless excuses. She and the tech support guy go out for coffee and he promises to help her find another job. Kindly he reminds her that she is young and needs to have fun. Diana skips lunch and becomes nauseous. Her personal assistant is concerned but she tells him she's pregnant. Even her husband doesn't know yet. A call comes from one of their other clients who is filming a commercial downtown. There is a problem with the actress hired for the commercial and only Diana can straighten it out. Her boss is nervous about her leaving but she promises to return in plenty of time for the presentation. However, the problem takes longer to solve than Diana anticipated. Then she discovers that her car has been towed. The presentation materials were in the back seat. She takes a cab to the impound lot and retrieves her car, but it is too late. The clients came and went. Diana's boss is disgusted with her. Then her husband and children show up to take her out for a celebratory dinner. Just as they are leaving, Diana learns that the clients are still at the airport. Their flight was delayed because of a severe thunderstorm approaching. She tells her personal assistant to phone the airport, page the clients, and have them wait. Promising to join her family at the restaurant, Diana jumps into her car and drives off. Benji's birthday is coming up and Beth wants to buy him a telescope. She goes into a store only to discover that it is owned by an old friend from high school. The friend remembers that Beth was pregnant during senior year. Beth senses a subtle put-down and quickly picks out a telescope. But her debit card is refused, which is very embarrassing. She goes to the bank to straighten it out, only to be told that they are closing. The security guard finally has to order her to step away from the door. Beth pawns her gold necklace and buys the telescope. She goes to have dinner with Benji and his father, who has recently married. He is a teacher but will soon be promoted to principal. While Benji is on a tour of the kitchen, his father informs Beth that he wants custody. He points out that the child is getting too heavy for Beth to lift in and out of the wheelchair. Beth angrily says she will never give him custody, but he has already seen a lawyer. He can better provide for the child and he points out how Beth needs to get her life organized. On the way home, Beth becomes distracted and nearly hits another car. She slams on the brakes, causing Benji to smash his face against the dashboard. He is crying and bleeding so Beth goes to the emergency room. He requires stitches but will be fine. Unknown to Beth he calls his father, who arrives and chews Beth out for her carelessness. He insists on taking Benji home with him. Beth's car stalls at a red light. She tries to start it and the cars behind her begin honking when the light turns green. Diana is directly behind her, in a hurry to get to the airport. She yells at Beth, calling her "honey" and telling her to move the damn car. She finally pulls out of the line and drives away, but not before Beth recognizes the bumper sticker. Her car starts and she takes off after Diana. Catching up with her at the next red light, Beth picks up the telescope and exits the car. She begins hitting the car with the telescope, screaming that this is the car who cut her off that morning, making her late for work and causing her to lose her job. Diana is obviously frightened and passersby stop to stare. With one last blow, Beth breaks the telescope just as the light changes. Diana drives away and Beth follows. They drive recklessly and it begins to rain. Then both cars crash. At the hospital, Benji, his father and stepmother are in the waiting room with Diana's family. They don't speak to each other. A doctor comes in and tells the Burkes that Diana will recover but they had to amputate her leg. Diana's husband asks to see her. As the doctor takes him back, he say it is too soon to know if she will miscarry. Diana is conscious and asks about the woman in the other car. She admits to shooting the woman with the gun her son had taken to school because she felt her life was in danger. Beth's family learns that she has died. Benji cries and his father comforts him. The scene jumps to several weeks later. Diana's family is with her for the ultrasound, showing that the baby is a boy. Her husband has finally gotten a job and everyone is happy about the baby. They help Diana into her wheelchair and the stump of her leg is visible. Her children ask if she will go to prison but Diana doesn't know. The cops who worked the accident scene are reading a newspaper about the upcoming trial. One of them thinks Diana might get a suspended sentence because the other driver admitted she was at fault. Benji and his father are shown leaving flowers at the site of the accident. 
 Scary Movie 2 (2001)431) Four teens are tricked by Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) into visiting a haunted house for a school project. A group of teens including Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris) and Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall) are invited to spend a night in Hell House. Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) has convinced them it is for a school project, but the night won't go past quietly. Master Kane (Richard Moll) is long dead, but still plans on enjoying himself, especially with Alex Monday (Tori Spelling). When things really start getting bad, the gang must work together to find a way to capture this ghostly menace. Film_Fan Megan Voorhees (Natasha Lyonne) is possessed, and two Priests, Father McFeely (James Woods) and Father Harris (Andy Richter), must drive the demon out, but the exorcism doesn't go as planned. A year later, survivors Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), Ray Wilkins (Shawn Wayans), Shorty (Marlon Wayans), and Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall), are at college, trying to forget the incidents that occurred last Halloween. Cindy is falling for Buddy (Christopher Masterson), who loves to give wedgies, and Ray is still confused about his sexuality. Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) and his paralyzed assistant, Dwight (David Cross), have decided to do a research study at Hell House, the house where the bad exorcism took place, and disguise it as a sleep disorder study. Chaos starts as soon as Cindy arrives and meets creepy caretaker Hanson (Chris Elliott), who has a strange hand. But the house has some deep dark secrets that the group has to solve, even if they are scary or disgusting. Will Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The sequel to Scary Movie begins with a parody of The Exorcist, in which Megan Voorhees (Natasha Lyonne), is possessed and two priests, Father McFeely (James Woods) and Father Harris (Andy Richter), must drive the demon out. The exorcism doesn't go as planned, and a chain of The Exorcist-like vomiting occurs. Megan insults McFeely's mother and he shoots her in the head. One year later, Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall), Ray Wilkins (Shawn Wayans) and Shorty Meeks (Marlon Wayans) are at college, trying to live new lives, after the events in the previous movie. (Although all of them died in Scary Movie, in a deleted scene, Brenda says her death was a near death experience, and Cindy was never officially declared dead.) Cindy and Brenda get tagged by a dorky girl, Alex Monday (Tori Spelling); Ray, who is still confused by his sexuality, has two new friends, Tommy (James DeBello) and Buddy (Christopher Masterson); while Shorty is still the same stoner he was in the last movie. The story begins when a college teacher, Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) and his wheelchair-bound assistant Dwight (David Cross) plan to study the paranormal activity at Hell House, with the clueless teens as bait and for Oldman to get action with the college girls. Newcomer Theo (Kathleen Robertson) also becomes part of the study group. When Cindy arrives at the Hell House, she meets a talking Amazon parrot who is vulgar and slanderous, and the caretaker, Hanson (Chris Elliott), who has great people skills and a genetically malformed little hand. After some weird incidents on that night (Cindy being beaten up by a cat, a toy clown attacking Ray after he had sex with Brenda, Shorty getting attacked and smoked by a weed-monster, and Alex having sex with a ghost and it "humps" her. The teens finally learn about the professor's plan and try to escape the mansion. The professor gets killed by a female ghost with disfigured features as the ghost of Hell House's owner, Hugo Kane, seals all exits of the manor to prevent the surviving occupants from escaping. Realizing that killing the ghost is the only way out, the teens are equipped with several technological devices by Dwight that serve to harass and injure the spectral enemy. They are pursued all throughout the mansion. Cindy is chased by an undead skeleton and Brenda rips his bones. Shorty meets the ghost who killed the professor but puts a paper bag on her face and has sex with her. Hanson gets possessed, and Cindy, Brenda and Theo parody Charlie's Angels to get him, but end up beaten up. Eventually, they use Cindy as bait to lure the Kane ghost to a device that ultimately destroys him. Two months later, taking care of the parrot though he despises her for talking too much, Cindy and Buddy are in a relationship and go out on a walk until Buddy disappears without notice as she looks up to see Hanson serving at the hot dog stand. She screams "No!" while Hanson screams "Yes!". Hanson is instantly hit by a car driven by Shorty, who is receiving oral sex by the female ghost...with a bag over her head to hide her facial deformities. 
 Tin Man (2007)431) A re-imagining of L. Frank Baum's classic "The Wizard of Oz". Set in the spirit of L. Frank Baum's classic, the "Tin Man" follows the adventures of DG, a waitress and part-time student, as she travels through the mystical world of "The O. Z. (Outer Zone)", discovering her hidden past. This well-known story takes a twist in this SyFy adaptation as DG battles the sorceress Azkadellia along with the help of three friends; Glitch, a former adviser to the Queen whose brain has been removed; Raw, a psychic empath; and Wyatt Cain, a former police man (aka Tin-man) who has been imprisoned in an iron suit, forced to watch his family's destruction time and time again. Although parallels can be made to the original book this story takes its own path down the yellow brick road. DG is a waitress ripped out of her boring life by a cyclone that drops her into "The O.Z." (Outer Zone). She learns that this new land is beautiful and deadly, since it lies in thrall to Azkadellia, a ruthless sorceress who has seized power. All Azkadellia needs to make her conquest complete is the Emerald of the Eclipse, but the location is buried in DG's subconscious. As DG follows her dangerous path along the Old Brick Road, she is joined by brainless Glitch, troubled former lawman Wyatt Cain, and terrified oracle Raw. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Tin Man is a bold re-imagining of the Frank L. Baum classic, The Wizard of Oz. This miniseries is set in an Oz that is part fantasy, part sci-fi, where good and evil balance on a razor's edge in a terrible 15-year struggle for domination. Thrust into this decidedly darker Oz-- or Outer Zone-- is young DG ( Zooey Deschanel ), a waitress at a roadside diner who feels that she doesn't fit into the life she's living, and dreams of something bigger and better. Little does DG know that she is about to find herself in a world that is indeed bigger, and more wondrous, but is also frightening and terrible. Aided by the addled Glitch ( Alan Cumming ), the psychic leonine Viewer Raw ( Raoul Max Trujillo ), and the hard-as-nails ex-police officer Wyatt Cain ( Neal McDonough ), known as a 'Tin Man' in the O.Z. DG must brave this strange world and face up to the most unlikely of enemies as she learns stunning truths not only about the O.Z. ... but about her own past and future. As a miniseries on the SyFy cable channel, Tin Man aired in three episodes. Each episode is being given its own synopsis. Please visit the episode links and see each episode for its synopsis. 