nm0003729:

 The Visitor (I) (2007)431) A college professor travels to New York City to attend a conference and finds a young couple living in his apartment. Lonely widower Professor Walter Vale has a boring life in Connecticut. He teaches only one class at the local college and is trying to learn how to play the piano, despite lacking the necessary musical talent. Walter is assigned to attend a conference about Global Policy and Development at New York University and give a lecture about a paper he co-authored. When he arrives at his New York apartment, he finds Tarek Khalil, a Syrian musician, and Zainab, a Senegalese street vendor, living there. He sympathizes with the illegal immigrants' situation and invites the couple to stay with him. Tarek invites him to go to his gig at Jules Live Jazz. Walter is fascinated with his African drum and Tarek offers to teach Walter how to play it. However, after an incident in the subway, Tarek is arrested and sent to a detention center for illegal immigrants. Walter has just hired a lawyer to defend Tarek when, out of the blue, Tarek's mother Mouna arrives at the apartment from Michigan. He invites her to stay in Tarek's room, and while trying to get Tarek released, Walter and Mouna get close to each other and he finds reasons to feel life can be exciting and worth living again. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Walter Vale is a sullen, lonely economics professor in Connecticut, teaching only one class--the same one he's taught for 20 years--ostensibly so he can work on his book, but he isn't; while he's 'co-authoring' with a tenure-tracked colleague, his connection is in name only, nor does he want anything to do with it. Although he has no aptitude for it, his one desire is to learn to play the piano to feel connected to his deceased pianist wife. On a business trip to New York City, he finds two people living in the seldom-used apartment he has there: Syrian drummer Tarek Khalil and his girlfriend, Senegalese-born jewelry maker Zainab, who were duped by an acquaintance into believing they were renting the apartment. As Tarek and Zainab have nowhere to go, Walter allows them to stay in his apartment temporarily. Although Zainab feels uncomfortable around Walter, Tarek draws him into his life through their shared love of music, especially Tarek's African drumming. Their acquaintance evolves into genuine friendship and reawakens Walter to life. A misunderstanding on the subway leads to Tarek's arrest and the revelation that Tarek and Zainab are illegal immigrants. After he is transferred to an immigration detention center in Queens, Walter hires an immigration lawyer and acts as liaison between Tarek and Zainab. Tarek's mother, Michigan-based Mouna Khalil, comes to New York unexpectedly because she hasn't heard from her son in days. She too is in the U.S. illegally and cannot visit Tarek. Helping Tarek becomes Walter's new focus in life and his means to re-enter the world of the living. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Widowed Connecticut College economics professor Walter Vale lives a fairly solitary existence. He fills his hours by taking piano lessons in an effort to emulate his late wife, a classical concert pianist, and works on a new book, although his efforts at both are not producing encouraging results. When he is asked to present a paper at a conference at New York University, he hesitates to comply, given he is only the nominal co-author and never even read the paper. Charles, his department head, persists, and Walter is forced to attend. When he arrives at the apartment he maintains in Manhattan, he is startled to discover a young couple living there, having rented it from a swindler who claimed it was his. They are Tarek, a Palestinian-Syrian[5] djembe player, and Zainab, a Senegalese designer of ethnic jewelry. He later discovers both are illegal immigrants. Although they have no place to go, they hastily pack and leave, but Walter follows them and persuades them to return. Over the next few days, a friendship slowly develops. Tarek teaches Walter to play the drum, and the two men join a group of others at an impromptu drum circle in Central Park. En route home, Tarek is mistakenly charged with subway turnstile jumping, arrested for failing to pay his fare, and taken to a detention center for illegal immigrants in Queens. In order to prevent Tarek's deportation, Walter hires an immigration lawyer. Feeling uncomfortable about remaining in the apartment with Walter, Zainab moves out to live with relatives in the Bronx. Tarek's mother, Mouna, unexpectedly arrives from her home in Michigan when she is unable to contact her son. Also in the States illegally, she accepts Walter's offer to stay in the apartment, and the two develop a friendship. Walter confesses his life is unfullfilling: He dislikes the single course he has taught for twenty years, and the book he allegedly is writing is nowhere near completion. It is revealed that Mouna's journalist husband died following a lengthy politically-motivated imprisonment in Syria, and she is concerned about her son's future prospects if he is deported. The two begin to share a simple domestic existence, with Mouna preparing meals and Walter treating her to The Phantom of the Opera when she mentions her love for the original cast recording Tarek sent her as a gift. Without warning, Tarek is summarily deported to Syria, and Mouna decides to follow him. Alone once again, Walter plays his drum on a subway platform, as Tarek once told him he himself would like to do some time. 
 The Station Agent (2003)541) When his only friend dies, a man born with dwarfism moves to rural New Jersey to live a life of solitude, only to meet a chatty hot dog vendor and a woman dealing with her own personal loss. When his only friend and co-worker dies, a young man born with dwarfism moves to an abandoned train depot in rural New Jersey. Though he tried to maintain a life of solitude, he is soon entangled with an artist who is struggling with a personal tragedy and an overly friendly Cuban hot-dog vendor. Anonymous The passion of the lonely and quiet dwarf Finbar McBride is trains. Fin inherits some land with an old depot in the middle of nowhere in Newfoundland, New Jersey, when his partner, also a fanatic for trains and unique friend Henry Styles, dies. He moves to the train station, where his neighbor is the Cuban Joe Oramas, who is manning his sick father's hot-dog trailer. He also meets Olivia Harris, a clumsy divorced woman who grieves the death of her beloved son Sam. After some days, the weird trio becomes friends. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Fin McBride, a train aficionado, receives unwanted attention where ever he goes because he is a dwarf. As a result, he is a solitary and reserved man who is suspicious of people. When Henry Styles, Fin's closest friend and boss, dies, Fin moves to an abandoned train depot in Newfoundland, New Jersey, the depot bequeathed to him by Henry. There, Fin meets overly gregarious Joe Oramas, who is temporarily operating his father's hot dog/coffee truck that is parked outside of the train depot, and soon-to-be divorced Olivia Harris, a woman harboring some deep seated emotional issues. Seeing beyond his dwarfism, Joe and Olivia try to get to know Fin, but he would rather just be left alone. In Newfoundland, Fin also meets Emily, the local librarian who wants a new friend at a time of need, and Cleo, a young girl who is a fellow train aficionado like Fin and who initially thinks Fin is a child just like herself. Through all these interactions, Fin comes to the realization that he truly does crave meaningful human contact, but this realization may come too late at least with this new circle of acquaintances. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Finbar McBride (Peter Dinklage) is a train fanatic who inherits an abandoned train station in New Jersey. He moves into the station and makes it his new home. Fin wants to live a life of seclusion in this rural town, because he is only 4 feet 5 inches tall, and he has been stared at all his life. Soon, Fin has a run-in with several of the local people. He meets Joe (Bobby Cannavale) who has a van parked outside his station selling coffee, cokes, ice cream and hot dogs. Fin gets some coffee and tries to keep his business quiet and not speak to Joe. Fin starts walking towards town when a local artist Olivia (Patricia Clarkson) almost runs him over twice with her SUV during his first day. With people like this bugging you, no wonder Fin wants to be left alone. In town, the storekeeper takes his picture, and Fin knows that things haven't changed. The vendor and the artist develop an uncertain friendship with Fin, and they begin to do things together. Fin wanted to become an independent man in this town, but instead he makes friends and connects with some of the town's people. 
 The Believer (2001)Summaries A young Jewish man develops a fiercely anti-Semitic philosophy. Based on the factual story of a K.K.K. member in the 1960s who was revealed to be Jewish by a New York Times reporter. "The Believer" explores a Jewish student's private journey to understand the meaning of Judaism in his life. Set in New York City, the Plot follows a morally confused young adult struggling with the conflict between his beliefs and his heritage. "The Believer" examines themes of religion, family, and self-loathing. It is a psychological examination into the forces of intolerance, both on the individual and society as a whole. Joe Bloggs It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Adam (I) (2009)541) Adam, a lonely man with Asperger's Syndrome, develops a relationship with his upstairs neighbor, Beth. Soon after moving in, Beth, a brainy, beautiful writer damaged from a past relationship encounters Adam, the handsome, but odd, fellow in the downstairs apartment whose awkwardness is perplexing. Beth and Adam's ultimate connection leads to a tricky relationship that exemplifies something universal: truly reaching another person means bravely stretching into uncomfortable territory and the resulting shake-up can be liberating. Fox Searchlight Pictures After a breakup, Beth, a teacher and would-be author of children's books, moves closer to work and meets Adam, a neighbor whose father recently died. He's an electrical engineer, mildly autistic, unable to catch irony or sarcasm, to empathize, or to master simple social situations. He invites Beth into his world, and she's intrigued by his innocence: to her, he's the Fox and she's the Little Prince. Her family faces problems: her dad, an outgoing and gregarious accountant, is under indictment. The trial is imminent, overlapping Adam's search for work. The two events entangle as Beth and Adam's relationship deepens; each must make a difficult decision. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Twenty-nine year old New Yorker Adam Raki suffers from Asperger syndrome, he who rambles on topics he knows when he gets excited or nervous, which is often. His father was his protector, until he passed away six weeks ago, leaving his father's friend, Harlan, as the only person who looks after him now. An electronics and astronomy buff, Adam has just been fired from his job - a job his father got for him - working in the electronics section of a toy company due to Adam not understanding the need to reduce costs in the products as opposed to his own goal of making the best product he can. Changes are overwhelming for Adam, the issue of the estate lawyer suggesting he move from his and his father's large apartment, which has not been paid off, especially traumatic, in combination with all else going on. Into Adam's life comes Beth Buchwald, an elementary school teacher and aspiring children's book writer who moves into the apartment above his. As she is just coming out of a destructive relationship, she finds Adam's somewhat awkward approach to the world intriguing and refreshing. When she finds out that his behavior is a manifestation of Asperger's, she has gotten to a point of wondering if there is a future for the two of them as a couple. What Beth decides to do is based partly on his Asperger's - i.e. if his interest in her is truly romantic or purely his need for someone to be his protector in place of his father - but also partly on her own parents' relationship, and the fact that her father, Marty Buchwald, who she loves, is going through an indictment for his business activities. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Romance can be risky, perplexing and filled with the perils of miscommunication - and that's if you aren't 'Adam,' for whom life itself is this way. In this heartfelt romantic comedy, Hugh Dancy ('The Jane Austen Book Club,' 'Confessions of a Shopaholic') stars as Adam, a handsome but intriguing young man who has all his life led a sheltered existence - until he meets his new neighbor, Beth (Rose Byrne, "Damages," '28 Weeks Later,' 'Knowing'), a beautiful, cosmopolitan young woman who pulls him into the outside world, with funny, touching and entirely unexpected results. Their implausible and enigmatic relationship reveals just how far two people from different realities can stretch in search of an extraordinary connection. [D-Man2010] Adam is a handsome but intriguing young man who has all his life led a sheltered existence -- until he meets his new neighbor, Beth, a beautiful, cosmopolitan young woman who pulls him into the outside world, with funny, touching and entirely unexpected results. Their implausible and enigmatic relationship reveals just how far two people from different realities can stretch in search of an extraordinary connection. [D-Man2010] 