nm0004818:

 Somewhere (2010)431) After withdrawing to the Chateau Marmont, a passionless Hollywood actor reexamines his life when his eleven-year-old daughter surprises him with a visit. Hollywood actor Johnny Marco, nested in his luxury hotel of choice, is a stimulated man. Drinking, parties and women keep a creeping boredom under wraps in between jobs. He is the occasional father of a bright girl, Cleo, who may be spoiled but doesn't act it. When Cleo's mother drops her off and leaves town, Johnny brings her along for the ride, but can he fit an 11-year-old girl into his privileged lifestyle? Peter Brandt Nielsen Johnny Marco is a Hollywood star who leads an empty life: alcohol, women, and a Ferrari. As he lethargically promotes his newest film, including a quick trip to Milan, the one bright and human spot in his life is his pre-teen daughter Cleo. When Cleo's mom decides she needs a break, Johnny has Cleo for the week before she goes to summer camp. In balancing fatherhood, promos, and drop-by women, Johnny comes to a realization. After Cleo's gone to camp, is he stuck in nowhere? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Writer/director Sofia Coppolas film is an intimate story set in contemporary Los Angeles; Johnny Marco (Stephen Dorff) is a bad-boy actor stumbling through a life of excess (frenzied girls, booze and cars) at the Chateau Marmont Hotel, totally disconnected from the real life. With an unexpected visit from his 11-year-old daughter (Elle Fanning), Johnny is forced to look at the questions every father has to confront. Cleo surprisingly shows up and begins to grow fond of him, getting Johnnys connection to the real world to revive in her. As soon as Cleo leaves Marco is terribly lost but with the gift of being someone different. Coppola depicts a wonderful mood and atomosphere, the mellanchionic and spiritual touch being similar to the one of "Lost in Translation". 
 Out for Justice (1991)541) The gruesome murder of a Brooklyn Detective will turn the case into a personal vendetta when the deceased's best friend and fellow officer will unleash an all-out attack against a psychotic Mafia enforcer's brutal gang. Brooklyn cop Gino Felino is about to go outside and play catch with his son Tony when he receives a phone call alerting him that his best friend Bobby Lupo has been shot dead in broad daylight on 18th Avenue in front of his wife Laurie Lupo and his two kids by drug kingpin Richie Madano, who has been Gino and Bobby's enemy since childhood. As Gino is hunting Madano down, Gino discovers the motive behind Bobby's murder. This is when Gino's hunt for Madano leads to the showdown of a lifetime. Todd Baldridge <sandib@eastky.com> In plain sight and in cold blood, crack addict Mob henchman Richie Madano, executes NYPD's Detective Bobby Lupo in broad daylight, right in front of his wife, Laurie, and their two kids. When Brooklyn Detective Gino Felino hears about the gruesome murder of his fellow officer and best friend by the very hands of Richie, an acquaintance since childhood, he will vow revenge turning the case into a personal vendetta. Without delay, Detective Gino will unleash an all-out attack against the psychotic Mafia enforcer and his brutal gang, as he relentlessly hunts them down across the old neighbourhood's disreputable joints. However, is Gino, the one-man army, ready for the true motive behind his partner's vicious killing? Nick Riganas Drug dealer Richie Madano shoots Bobby Lupo, a policeman in broad daylight and in front of his family. Bobby's friend and partner, Gino Silva upon hearing this, tells his captain that he can find Richie, because he and Richie grew up together but he has to be left alone. So Gino goes to every single one of Richie's hangouts and either misses or was not there when he was. He also leans on everyone who knows Richie. Also Richie's employers are upset with him that they are also looking for him. But it seems apparent that Richie doesn't care if he lives or dies, which makes him more dangerous. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Tough Brooklyn cop Gino Felino storms through his neighborhood looking for a childhood friend who has lost his mind. 
 Don Juan DeMarco (1994)Summaries A psychiatrist must cure a young patient that presents himself as Don Juan, the greatest lover in the world. Well-respected psychiatrist Dr. Jack Mickler is only 10 days away from his retirement. A week before he is due to leave, he encounters a young man who attempts suicide--would be a pretty straightforward case except the young man claims to be Don Juan, the fabled Spanish nobleman and world renowned seducer/lover of woman. Despite original hostility from his co-workers, Jack manages to persuade his associates to put the youth in his care for 10 days after which the youth will undergo an evaluation to be either released from psychiatric care or sent to a mental institution. However, as the 10 days progresses, Dr. Mickler and the other staff become gradually drawn into to the young man's exotic world of love, passion and pleasure as he recounts his story to them. Whilst doing so the man's philosophies and zeal for life and love begins to revive Dr. Mickler's somewhat passionless relationship with his wife, Marilyn as well as challenging his own views and ethics to the point where both he and the audience begin to question: could this young man truly be Don Juan? LadyN1 In present day New York, a young man believes he is Don Juan, aware of where he is and that this is the 20th century. Regardless of the validity of his claim, he is able to seduce women in his complete conviction of who he is. He becomes under the psychiatric care of soon-to-be retired Dr. Jack Mickler at Woodhaven State Hospital when he becomes suicidal over losing who he believes is the love of his life, Doa Ana. Don Juan believes that Jack is nobleman Don Octavio de Flores. As Jack tries to convince him that he is not Don Juan in what are Jack's final ten days of practice, the two come to an agreement that Don will do whatever Jack says, including being medicated and possibly being committed, once Don cannot convince Jack of who he says he is. As Don tells Jack his story, Jack eventually meets people who purportedly know Don, they who provide conflicting stories both to each other and to Don's account of his life. Beyond what Don tells him, what Jack decides to do is influenced by the pressure he is receiving from the hospital's chief of staff, Dr. Paul Showalter, not to confirm the notion of Jack having chosen his work over these last few years of his practice, and the type of retirement life he wants with his wife of thirty-two years, Marilyn Mickler. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 JAG (19952005)44) The cases of Harmon Rabb, former Navy fighter pilot, and his fellow lawyers of the U.S. Navy's Judge Advocate General's office. JAG is an adventure drama about an elite wing of officers trained as lawyers who investigate, prosecute and defend those accused of crimes in the military. Navy Cmdr. Harmon "Harm" Rabb, an ace pilot turned lawyer, and Marine Lt. Col. Sarah "Mac" MacKenzie, a beautiful by-the-book officer, are colleagues who hold the same high standards but find themselves clashing when they choose different routes to get to the same place. The unmistakable chemistry between them must be held at bay for professional reasons as they traverse the globe together with a single mission: to search for and discover the truth. Helping them with their mission is Navy Lt. Cmdr. Bud Roberts, a lawyer who proved his grit and determination when, after losing a leg in a land mine field while on a mission, fought back and became even better at his job. Commander Harmon Rabb, Jr. and Lieutenant Colonel Sarah MacKenzie are JAG lawyers, who together investigate and litigate crimes committed by Navy and Marine personnel. Occasionally, they engage in adventurous activities in order to solve their cases. With Rabb's fighter pilot background, and MacKenzie's good looks, they are a hot team both in and out of the courtroom. Brian Michael <ford1989@hotmail.com> Lt. Harmon Rabb is a JAG lawyer and is accompanied by Lt. Sarah MacKenzie. Together, they solve cases and problems of various kinds. From a psycho who wanted to bomb a cruise ship from a submarine to taking a risky mission of recon photos. Rabb used to be a fighter pilot until he and his co-pilot were in an accident. From then, he became a JAG. Every week he and Lt. MacKenzie have a new case to solve. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 