nm0005332:

 General Hospital (1963 )44) Families, friends, enemies, and lovers experience life-changing events in the large upstate city of Port Charles, New York, which has a busy hospital, upscale hotel, cozy diner, and dangerous waterfront frequented by the criminal underworld. Events in this daytime drama are centered in Port Charles, a community on the coast in upper New York. On-going plots are centered around the people who work in General Hospital, people who work in the business community (most notably for the Quartermaines' company E.L.Q.), and some sort of international intrigue involving former Agents of the W.S.B. (World Security Bureau). Big plots of the past include Luke (Anthony Geary) and Laura's (Genie Francis') wedding and Mikkos Cassadine's (John Colicos') evil weather machine. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Skye Quartermaine (Robin Christopher) headlines a show about the residents of Port Charles, New York. Once a show about the drama inside a city hospital, General Hospital has evolved into a show where the hospital has been nearly phased out. Stories focus on the upper-crust Quartermaines, led by Skye Quartermaine, her brothers A.J. (Billy Warlock) and Jason (Steve Burton), father Alan (Stuart Damon), stepmother Monica (Leslie Charleson), and grandparents Edward (John Ingle) and Lila (Anna Lee). Other stories involve mob boss Michael "Sonny" Corinthos (Maurice Bernard), his wife Carly (Laura Wright), and one-time girlfriend Brenda (Vanessa Marcil). Matthew Callahan The General Hospital of today centers on Kelly's Diner, Michael "Sonny" Corinthos' (Maurice Bernard's) penthouse, the Quartermaine house, and sometimes the hospital. Once a show based around the hospital and its employees, it is now centered on the mob. Maurice Bernard headlines the show about some of the residents of the fictitious town of Port Charles, New York. Stories focus on Sonny and how his life affects the people around him, mainly his wife Carly (Laura Wright), his main hit man and best friend Jason Morgan (Steve Burton) (formally Quartermaine) and Sonny's recently acquired twenty-one-year-old sister Courtney (Alicia Leigh Willis). Other story lines that may be featured will focus on the quirky Quartermaines, which include Skye (Robin Christopher), A.J. (Billy Warlock), Ned (Wally Kurth), Edward (John Ingle), and Emily (Natalia Livingston). Promising story lines on the show at the moment are the stories of Elizabeth Webber (Rebecca Herbst) and Richard "Ric" Lansing (Rick Hearst) and the current teen story line. Mickey It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hawaii Five-0 (20102020)Summaries Steve McGarrett returns home to Oahu in order to find his father's killer; The Governor offers him the chance to run his own task force - Five-0. Steve McGarrett (Alex O'Loughlin) comes to Hawaii to avenge his father's death, but when the Governor offers his own task force, he accepts. He picks up team members on the way, Danny Williams (Scott Caan), the head detective on his father's case, Chin Ho Kelly (Daniel Dae Kim), a former Honolulu Police Department Detective who was fired for accused corruption, and McGarrett's father's old patrol partner, Kono Kalakaua (Grace Park), a Cadet at the Police Academy who's one week from graduating, Lori Weston (Lauren German), entry to Five-O temporarily, Catharine Rollins (Michelle Borth), a girlfriend of Steve, and Captain Lou Grover (Chi McBride), a former Chicago Police Department Head of S.W.A.T. ahmetkozan Hawaii doesn't have its own state police force, but the Governor has set up a special task force, which becomes known as "Five-0", to investigate serious crimes on the islands. Reserve Naval officer Steve McGarrett (Alex O'Loughlin) heads the team with Danny Williams (Scott Caan) as his second-in-command, and together they tackle a range of crimes with more far-reaching consequences than those dealt with by the Honolulu Police Department, including terrorism and serious organized crime. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Titans (20002001)Summaries The Williams family, a wealthy business family living in Hawaii, hide many secrets waiting to be revealed, divorce, illegitimate children, ex-spouses, alcoholism and forbidden love. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Alex Cross (2012)541) A homicide detective is pushed to the brink of his moral and physical limits as he tangles with a ferociously skilled hired killer who specializes in torture and pain. Dr. Alex Cross is on his last police duty to track down an assassin called Picasso, who's been torturing and killing rich businessmen in Detroit. Soon when the mission gets personal, Cross is pushed to the edge of his moral and psychological limits to end this once and for all. Immanuel Ambhara A lawman is torn between justice and personal vengeance in this action drama. Alex Cross (Tyler Perry) is a detective and forensic psychologist who works for the Detroit Police Department with his partner Tommy Kane (Edward Burns) and promising rookie Monica Ashe (Rachel Nichols). While Cross is dedicated to his work, he's just as committed to his home life, and is excited to learn he and his wife Maria (Carmen Ejogo) will be welcoming a third child. When a wealthy and well-connected woman is found dead and partially dismembered in her mansion, police chief Richard Brookwell (John C. McGinley) assigns Cross and his team to the case, and they soon find themselves playing a cat and mouse game with a nameless psychotic (Matthew Fox) with a taste for torture and a grudge against some of the Motor City's wealthiest citizens. Clues point to French financier Leon Mercier (Jean Reno) as the killer's ultimate victim, but Cross and his team suspect Mercier has a secret he isn't willing to share, and the case becomes a personal obsession for Cross when the maniac first kills Monica and then Maria. After Detroit detective Alex Cross is told that a family member has been murdered, he vows to track down the killer. He soon discovers that she was not his first victim and that things are not what they seem. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Washington DC detective Alex Cross goes up against the hitman 'Picasso'. As Alex investigates Picasso's gruesome murders, Picasso decides to send him a message by killing his wife. Enraged, Cross vows to hunt down the killer, if it's the last thing he does. However, Picasso is a mastermind and continues to evade Cross while pushing him to an ethical breaking point as a cop and a father. As Cross closes in on the killer, he discovers evidence that points to the unimaginable - a revelation that can change everything. 