nm0000676:

 Money Talks (1997)321) Sought by police and criminals, a small-time huckster makes a deal with a TV newsman for protection. Chris Tucker is a small time con man who instantly becomes famous after a murder, wanted dead or alive, his only hope is a journalist named James Russell (Sheen). Jerome Hotman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Los Angeles, Franklin Hatchett ( Chris Tucker ) drives down the street singing along to the songs on the radio in his car. After a meeting with a friend, he heads to the car wash that he works at. Also at the car wash is local reporter James Russell ( Charlie Sheen ), who is doing a report on inner city crime. He notes Franklin's habits of conning and illegally buying and selling things, and unsuccessfully tries to interview him in order to get him to confess on camera. Angered at being blown off by him, Russell calls the police, who come arrest Hatchett. Hatchett is held in jail, and eventually loaded onto a prisoner transport bus along with several other criminals. Hatchett and another criminal, Raymond Villard ( Grard Ismal ), do not get along, but are handcuffed together. Meanwhile, Russell presents the video of the police arresting Hatchett to his boss, hoping it'll be big news, but his boss dislikes it and fires him after they argue. The bus is attacked on a bridge during the transport by a group of commandos, aided by one of the bus drivers, all of whom are there to spring Villard. They blow up the bus and shoot everyone inside, and recover Villard, and Hatchett goes with them, as he's cuffed to Villard. The corrupt bus driver, actually a criminal named Dubray ( Frank Bruynbroek ) greets Villard once on board their helicopter after the escape. He cuts the pair free of each other by breaking the handcuffs, and Hatchett hears them discussing a large amount of stolen diamonds hidden in the dashboard of car. The two prepare to kill him, waiting until they get over land to drop him, but he jumps out of the copter, and falls into the water below as they shoot at him. They fly away, but Hatchett surfaces, and gets onto land. Hatchett enters a diner and orders food, but two cops come in and sit down, scaring him. He keeps calm until pictures of himself and Villard are shown on TV during a broadcast about the bus escape, in which Hatchett has been falsely linked to Villard and the cop killings he and his men committed. The cops quickly connect him to the pictures on TV. He gets up and dives behind the bar just as they pull out their guns, and they open fire. He manages to get outside, and they chase him, but he loses them amid the traffic. Seeing Russell's face on an advertisement on the back of a bus, Hatchett resolves to contact him. The two meet at a dock, and after an initially hostile confrontation, Russell convinces Hatchett to stay with him, saying he'll prove his innocence of the murders. The two then go to his home, and Russell calls his boss and tells him that he has Hatchett, and his boss gives him his job back so that he can publish the story in time for Sweeps week. After Hatchett cleans himself up, the two attend Russell's wedding rehearsal dinner, where he meets Russell's fiancee Grace Cipriano ( Heather Locklear ), and her parents, Guy ( Paul Sorvino ) and Connie ( Veronica Cartwright ). Hatchett pretends to be the son of famous singer Vic Damone , and endears himself to Guy. Meanwhile, two police officers, Bobby Pickett ( Paul Gleason ) and Detective Williams ( Daniel Roebuck ), interrogate Hatchett's girlfriend Paula ( Elise Neal ), and wiretap her phone. Hatchett calls Paula during the rehearsal, who is furious, and he says he'll come see her. He quickly learns this is out of the question when he tries to leave, as he sees police cars driving around searching for him. He convinces Russell to help him, and the two set out to look for proof of Franklin's innocence. They head to Paula's home, where Hatchett consoles her and convinces her that he's not involved in the killings reported on the news. He and Russell are forced to flee when Pickett and Williams show up after hearing Hatchett and Paula's phone conversation, and the cops chase Hatchett and Russell across several rooftops, though the pair manages to escape. The two then head to a European nightclub which Russell claims he can get them into, since Hatchett believes the culprits behind the murders are there. They're denied access, but Hatchett calls the club and claims there's a bomb inside, causing a large panic, and all the patrons flee the club. Villard and Dubray drive out from around the alley next to the club, and open fire on the pair. They flee down the street, avoiding gunfire, as the two criminals keep up in their car, and they hide in a small shop. The criminals enter the shop, and one of them violently guns down the shopkeeper, who was woken up by the commotion. When they don't find Hatchett and Russell, they leave. The two then visit Hatchett's childhood friend Aaron ( Michael Wright ), who is a local arms dealer. He gives the two several guns to carry with them, promising to help them if they get into trouble. The next morning, the two visit the Cipriano home, where Russell smooths things over with Grace, who saw his picture on TV as a suspect, along with Hatchett, both now wanted for murder since the police know Russell is aiding Hatchett. Hatchett eats breakfast with Guy, and Guy shows him the expensive watches he's buying for Russell and Grace as wedding presents. Hatchett convinces him to buy the couple a car as a wedding gift, and the two go to an auto expo where Hatchett plans to search for the cache of diamonds he heard Villard and Dubray discussing earlier. Guy and Franklin get into a bidding war with Villard, Dubray, and the other Europeans over a car, and Franklin calls the police, telling them that the Europeans are at the expo. Russell arrives and finds him, and the two begin to argue about Hatchett's actions, which results in a fist fight. Hatchett beats Russell, and goes into the garage where the cars are stored. He finds the diamonds inside one of the car dashboards, but Dubray finds him, and the two engage in a lengthy car chase which ends when Dubray is caught in a large pileup of civilian cars on a street. Back at the expo, Villard finds Russell and kidnaps him. Franklin meets Paula at a restaurant, and he shows her the diamonds. He explains what happened and the two try to decide what to do. He then receives a call from Villard on Russell's phone, who tells him that they have Russell and that they'll kill him if the diamonds aren't returned. Franklin agrees to meet them at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He also calls the police, a local mob boss whom he owes money to, and French mercenaries, and they all agree to meet him at the coliseum as well. Once there, Franklin finds officers Pickett and Williams, but Pickett shoots Williams, revealing himself as a dirty cop employed by Villard. Franklin knocks him out and escapes, but the other parties arrive, and a massive shootout ensues. During the chaos, Russell frees himself, planting several grenades under Villard's helicopter, and he and Franklin meet up. The police detectives and the crew of mobsters are all wiped out, but Aaron shows up with some of his men, and they even the odds, using RPGs against Villard's men, and Dubray is also killed. Franklin and Russell are then cornered by the rest of Villard's men, but Franklin throws the diamonds into the air and they scatter all around, causing the me to drop their weapons and try to grab them. The police arrive, and Villard tries to escape in his helicopter, but the grenades detonate, and he's killed in the explosion. In the end, Franklin and Russell are cleared of all charges, and Russell marries Grace, with Franklin as his best man, and Franklin gives Russell the ring, with a diamond on it, and Russell realizes that Franklin said an unknown number of the diamonds. 
 Rush Hour 2 (2001)66) Carter and Lee head to Hong Kong for a vacation, but become embroiled in a counterfeit money scam. It's vacation time for Det. James Carter and he finds himself alongside Det. Lee in Hong Kong wishing for more excitement. While Carter wants to party and meet the ladies, Lee is out to track down a Triad gang lord who may be responsible for killing two men at the American Embassy. Things get complicated as the pair stumble onto a counterfeiting plot by L.A. crime boss Steven Reign and Triad Ricky Tan, an ex-cop who played a mysterious part in the death of Det. Lee's father. Throw in a power struggle between Tan and the gorgeous but dangerous Hu Li and the boys are soon up to their necks in fist fights and life-threatening situations. A trip back to the U.S. may provide the answers about the bombing, the counterfeiting, and the true allegiance of sexy customs agent Isabella. Then again, it may turn up more excitement than Carter was looking for during his vacation. Lordship Chief Inspector Lee and Detective James Carter are back! But this time they're now in Hong Kong on a vacation. However, soon after they arrive, a bomb explodes in the American Embassy. And Inspector Lee is assigned to the case, which becomes personal when it is discovered that the man behind it is Ricky Tan, Lee's father's former partner. Tan, who played an instrumental role in his father's death, who is now the leader of the Triads, the most deadly gang in all of China. The American and Hong Kong authorities soon get into a fight over the jurisdiction of the case. Lee learns that Ricky Tan will be attending a dinner party on his boat. When confronted, Tan claims that someone is trying to frame him. Tan's underling, Hu Li, appears and shoots Tan, and he falls off the boat. In the chaos, Hu Li escapes into a sewer come emerge in downtown Las Vegas, but Carter and Lee are forced to be sent back to Los Angeles. But later in Las Vegas, at the Red Dragon Casino, Lee has been framed when Ricky Tan faked his death and is now still alive but Hu Li places a small bomb in his mouth, and gags him. But will Carter save him while he's still makes a big commotion and distracts the security forces? Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> In need of a vacation after nearly destroying Los Angeles in Rush Hour (1998) , the mismatched duo of investigators--the ace Hong Kong Police Chief Inspector, Lee, and the LAPD Detective, Carter--find themselves neck-deep in trouble after an explosion in the American Embassy. Now, with the murderous Triads being behind it, Lee and Carter must track down the dangerous crime kingpin, Ricky Tan, as the string of clues lead them back to Las Vegas. Can the bulletproof detectives crack this difficult case? Nick Riganas Lee and Carter are back! This time they're in Hong Kong. Carter wants a relaxing vacation but Lee just wants to do police work. At a night club, Lee spots an evil agent named Ricky Tan, who runs an evil gang of counterfeiters, and his partner is a woman who delivers packages containing bombs. Lee and Carter follow these two aboard a boat where their attempted bust really busts, so Lee and Carter fly back to Los Angeles where they meet a woman in the Secret Service who helps them on their mission to find the counterfeiters. Lee and Carter are captured by the bad guys but soon escape into a sewer come emerge in downtown Las Vegas. Dylan Self <robocoptng986127@aol.com> Det. James Carter is on vacation in Hong Kong, but Inspector Lee is too busy doing police work. After an explosion at the American Embassy, Lee attempts to track down the man who may be responsible, Ricky Tan, a Triad gang leader and the former partner of Lee's father, who was also a cop. Obviously, Carter doesn't appreciate being dragged along like that, but what choice does he have? Lee discovers a power struggle among the Triads between Tan and Hu Li. They later find out it has something to do with the death of Lee's father, and a counterfeiting scheme. Lee and Carter go back to Cali, and later Las Vegas, where they discover that everything that's happened goes way beyond an explosion at the Embassy. Roguemaster83 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rush Hour (1998)761) A loyal and dedicated Hong Kong Inspector teams up with a reckless and loudmouthed L.A.P.D. detective to rescue the Chinese Consul's kidnapped daughter, while trying to arrest a dangerous crime lord along the way. Cultures clash and tempers flares as the two cops named Detective Inspector Lee a Hong Kong Detective and Detective James Carter FBI, a big-mouthed work-alone Los Angeles cop who are from different worlds discovers one thing in common: they can't stand each other. With time running out, they must join forces to catch the criminals and save the eleven-year-old Chinese girl of the Chinese consul named Soo Yung. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> When the eleven-year-old daughter of the Chinese Consul in Los Angeles, Han, is kidnapped in broad daylight, the desperate father insists in summoning his old friend and Hong Kong Police ace detective, Inspector Lee, to assist the FBI in the investigation. However, as the bureau is far from keen on allowing the newcomer to get in their way, they pair him up with the motor-mouthed LAPD Detective, James Carter, to watch him over. Of course, none of them is particularly happy about this awkward partnership; nevertheless, the mismatched duo of reluctant partners must team up to solve this mystery before the FBI. Will Lee crack the case? Nick Riganas Realizing that the FBI and their by the book tactics may be unsuccessful, the Chinese consul recruits the aid of a loyal Hong Kong inspector to help rescue his kidnapped daughter. Outlawed by the FBI, the inspector must form an unlikely partnership with a cocky, street smart LAPD officer who prefers doing things his own way. Brian McCardell Hongkong, the last night of British rulership. Detective Inspector Lee, close friend to Consul Han Solon, manages to prevent precious pieces of China's history being smuggled out of the country. Two years later - Consul Han is living in Los Angeles with his family - Crime Lord Juntao takes revenge on him by abducting his young daughter Soo Yung. Han does not trust the FBI to do a good job and has Lee flown in from Hongkong to assist them. But the FBI officials do not want any help from outside and officially request help from LAPD, who are glad to get rid of Detective James Carter for a while, a big-mouthed work-alone cop who just can't be cool enough. His assignment is to keep Lee as far away from trouble as possible. But Carter and Lee don't like being put aside in that way and start working the case on their own. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Jackie Chan is Inspector Lee, a Hong Kong Detective who helps confiscate three dollars worth of stolen Chinese artifacts from Crime Lord Juntao. Seeking revenge, Juntao kidnaps the daughter of the Chinese consul when he moves to America. Chan is sent as a diplomatic advisor and finds himself paired up with a Los Angeles cop (Chris Tucker) - a man who works alone, and wants to stay that way. John N. Daily <daily@capital.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When kidnappers grab a Chinese official's daughter, Hong Kong chief inspector Lee (Chan) is all over the case until LAPD detective James Carter (Tucker) gets in his way. Cultures clash until these unlikely partners realize they both want to nail the crooks. Between Lee's high-flying kicks and Carter's rapid-fire wit, the bad guys won't know what hit them! 
 Silver Linings Playbook (2012)651) After a stint in a mental institution, former teacher Pat Solitano moves back in with his parents and tries to reconcile with his ex-wife. Things get more challenging when Pat meets Tiffany, a mysterious girl with problems of her own. Against medical advice and without the knowledge of her husband Pat Solatano Sr., caring Dolores Solatano discharges her adult son, Pat Solatano Jr., from a Maryland mental health institution after his minimum eight-month court ordered stint. The condition of the release includes Pat Jr. moving back in with his parents in their Philadelphia home. Although Pat Jr.'s institutionalization was due to him beating up the lover of his wife Nikki, he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Nikki has since left him and has received a restraining order against him. Although he is on medication (which he doesn't take because of the way it makes him feel) and has mandatory therapy sessions, Pat Jr. feels like he can manage on the outside solely by healthy living and looking for the "silver linings" in his life. His goals are to get his old job back as a substitute teacher, but more importantly reunite with Nikki. He finds there are certain instances where he doesn't cope well; however, no less so than some others who have never been institutionalized, such as his Philadelphia Eagles obsessed father who has resorted to being a bookie to earn a living, his best friend Ronnie who quietly seethes over the control wielded by his wife Veronica, and Veronica's widowed sister, Tiffany Maxwell, a girl with problems of her own. In their fragile mental states, Pat Jr. and Tiffany embark on a love/hate friendship based primarily on what help the other can provide in achieving their individual goals. But they may reevaluate their goals as their relationship progresses. Huggo Pat Solitano, upon discovering his wife with another man, beats him. He would be sent to a mental hospital where he would be diagnosed as suffering from bipolar disorder. He would get released and would go live with his parents. But he is reluctant to take his meds because he doesn't like how they make him feel or go to mandated therapy. The only thing he wants is to try and get back together with his wife but she already wrote him off and got a restraining order on him. He goes around trying to find someone who might know where she is but doesn't. His friend, Ronnie invites him to dinner and he meets Ronnie's sister-in-law, Tiffany, who's also reeling from a personal loss. They make a connection but Pat is devoted to his wife refuses to do anything. When he learns she sees his wife, he asks her to give his wife a letter. She agrees on the condition that he be her dance partner at upcoming competition. He agrees and they establish a rapport. rcs0411@yahoo.com Mrs. Dolores Solano brings her son Pat Solano back home in Philadelphia from the Karel Psychiatric Facility, in Baltimore. Pat had been interned for almost nine months diagnosed with bipolar disorder after finding his wife Nikki cheating on him with her lover in their home. Pat is still in love with Nikki, but he can not get close to her since she has a restraining order against him. Pat has to go to therapy sessions and he jogs expecting to keep his shape, and his father believes that he is a quitter. When Pat meets the widow Tiffany, he finds that she is an unbalanced girl. Tiffany and her sister Veronica are close to Nikki and she offers to deliver a letter from Pat to Nikki despite the restraining order. In return, he shall dance with her in a competition in the end of the year. Pat accepts the challenge and gets close to her training for the competition. On the day of the competition, Veronica unexpectedly brings Nikki to the theater, affecting Pat and Tiffany. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Life doesn't always go according to plan. Pat Solatano has lost everything - his house, his job, and his wife. He now finds himself living back with his mother and father after spending eight months in a state institution on a plea bargain. Pat is determined to rebuild his life, remain positive and reunite with his wife, despite the challenging circumstances of their separation. All Pat's parents want is for him to get back on his feet - and to share their family's obsession with the Philadelphia Eagles football team. When Pat meets Tiffany, a mysterious girl with problems of her own, things get complicated. Tiffany offers to help Pat reconnect with his wife, but only if he'll do something very important for her in return. As their deal plays out, an unexpected bond begins to form between them, and silver linings appear in both of their lives. The Weinstein Company Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Pat Solitano (Bradley Cooper), who has bipolar disorder, is released from a mental health facility into the care of his parents after eight months of treatment. He learns that his wife, Nikki (Brea Bee), has moved away and his father, Pat Sr. (Robert De Niro), is out of work and resorting to bookmaking to earn money to start a restaurant. Pat is determined to get his life back on track and reconcile with Nikki, who obtained a restraining order against him after the violent episode that sent him away. While talking to his court-mandated therapist Dr. Patel (Anupam Kher), Pat explains again why he was hospitalized. Coming home early from his high school teaching job, he found Nikki in their shower, having sex with another teacher, as Pat and Nikki's wedding song, Stevie Wonder's "My Cherie Amour," played on their stereo. Enraged, he nearly beat the man to death. Despite this, Pat doesn't believe he needs medication to manage his condition. At dinner with his friend Ronnie, he meets Ronnie's sister-in-law, Tiffany Maxwell (Jennifer Lawrence), a young widow and recovering sex addict who also just lost her job. Pat and Tiffany develop an odd friendship through their shared neuroses and he sees an opportunity to communicate with Nikki through her. Tiffany offers to deliver a letter to Nikki, if in return he will be her partner in an upcoming dance competition. He reluctantly agrees and the two begin a rigorous practice regimen over the following weeks. Pat believes the competition will be a good way to show Nikki he has changed and become a better man. Tiffany gives Pat a typed reply from Nikki, in which she cautiously hints there may be a chance for a reconciliation between them. Things go well for Pat until his father asks him to attend an Eagles game he has bet virtually all of his money on, as a "good-luck charm". Pat skips practice with Tiffany to attend the game, but is dragged into a fight and hauled away by police. The Eagles lose the game and Pat Sr. is furious. Tiffany arrives, berates Pat and argues in detail that the way she "reads the signs," Pat Sr. was luckier when Pat was practicing with her. Pat Sr. makes a parlay with his gambling friend that if the Eagles win their game against Dallas, and if Pat and Tiffany score at least a 5 out of 10 in their dance competition, he will win back double the money he lost on the first bet. Pat is reluctant to participate in the dance contest under those conditions and re-reads Nikki's letter. After noticing that a phrase Tiffany had uttered recurs in the letter supposedly written by Nikki, he realizes that Nikki's letter had been forged by Tiffany. Pat, Tiffany and everyone else arrive at the competition on the night of the football game. Tiffany is horrified to discover that Nikki is in the audience. Upset that Pat may win Nikki back and that she will lose him, Tiffany goes to the bar and has two vodkas. A frantic Pat spots her and manages to coax her onto the dance floor and they perform their routine. As they dance, the Eagles win their game and at the conclusion of their set they score exactly 5 points. Amid cheers from his family and confused looks from the crowd, Pat approaches Nikki and speaks quietly into her ear. Tiffany storms off. Pat leaves Nikki behind after only a short conversation, intent on finding Tiffany. He chases after her and tells her he knows she forged Nikki's letter. He confesses he has loved her from the moment he met her but has taken a long time to realize it and they kiss. They become a couple and Pat Sr. opens a restaurant with the money he has won. 