nm0007988:

 Simon & Simon (19811989)Summaries Two brothers of disparate tastes and manners run a private detective agency. A.J. Simon is a polished fellow with a taste for classic cars and tailored suits. Rick Simon is his less refined (but still pleasant) older brother who has a taste for cowboy boots and four-wheel drive pickups. The two of them live in San Diego, where they own a private detective agency. The series chronicles their exploits. Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> A.J. and Rick Simon are brothers and private investigators but are as different as night and day. A.J.'s went to law school, while Rick's a Vietnam vet, who knows a lot of people on the other side of the law, which comes handy in their line of work. While A.J. likes to do things by the book, Rick likes to do things his way. In the show's first season, their office was in front of the office of Fowler Investigations, which is runned by Myron Fowler and his daughter, Janet, who just happens to be A.J.'s former girlfriend. Occasionally, they competed with Fowler, other times they turned to him and/or Janet for help, and vice versa. During the second season, Fowler retired and closed his agency and Janet joined the D.A.'s office. During the third season Janet was replaced by Detective Downtown Brown, who got involved, sometimes reluctantly, with the Simons' cases and bailed them out when they got in trouble with the police. After four seasons, Tim Reid who played Brown left the show. So he was replaced by Abby Marsh. Also Simon's mother, Cecilia, occasionally got involved with their cases or brought them some. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 MacGyver (19851992)Summaries The adventures of a secret Agent armed with almost infinite scientific resourcefulness. Macgyver is a secret agent with a difference. He is quiet, mild mannered, deeply principled and refuses to carry a gun on his missions. Fortunately, the last detail is unimportant when compared to his astounding mind. Drawing on a vast practical knowledge of science, Macgyver is able to make use of any mundane materials around him to create unorthodox solutions to any problem he faces. The enemies of world peace and justice continually learn that underestimating this man is a fatal mistake for their plans. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Macgyver is an enigmatic loner who often finds himself working for an organization called the Phoenix Foundation, the government, or a friend in need. He encounters all types of dangers and escapes from them not with weapons, but with his ability to create gadgets out of everyday objects. His enemies range from militant drug lords and dictators to racist store owners. No matter what he's up against, Macgyver can always defeat his foes with his cunning and his skill. redcommander27 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dallas (19781991)Summaries J.R. Ewing, a Texas oil baron, uses manipulation and blackmail to achieve his ambitions, both business and personal. He often comes into conflict with his brother Bobby, his arch-enemy Cliff Barnes and his long-suffering wife Sue Ellen. Popular evening soap opera-style television drama. The show was set in Dallas, Texas and chronicled the exploits of wealthy Texas oil millionaires. Many of the plots revolved around shady business dealings and dysfunctional family dynamics. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> The saga of the wealthy Ewing family, patriarch Jock Ewing, who started Ewing Oil, the family corporation; Miss Ellie, his wife who properly managed Southfork Ranch, the family home; and their three sons, J.R., the ruthless CEO of Ewing Oil, married to former Miss Texas Sue Ellen Shepard; Bobby, the nice guy, who married Pamela Barnes, daughter of the Ewing's chief business rival; and Gary, considered an outcast by his father, who eventually moved to California with his wife Valene. Phil Fernando It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Thirtysomething (19871991)Summaries Seven thirtysomethings living in Philadelphia struggle with everyday adult angst. Hope and Michael are a married couple in their thirties, living in Philadelphia, and struggling with everyday adult angst. Michael runs an ad agency with his friend Elliot, whose marriage to Nancy is beginning to show the cracks of age, as is the friendship between Hope and her best friend Ellyn. Michael's best friend, Gary, on the other hand, is trying to get on with his womanising life, and get over the mutually-destructive affair he had with Michael's cousin, Melissa. It all sounds like just another soap, but is given a unique atmosphere by the production team (the Bedford Falls company, also responsible for 'My So Called Life') whose intelligent scripts, believable characters and frequent dips into the slightly surreal world of the character's minds places the series as one of the highlights of the late 1980s. Spiral Lobster <discordia@tanagra.demon.co.uk> Sensitive, introspective adults or self-absorbed, whiny yuppies? That debate still rages around this drama series about a group of close-knit friends in Philadelphia. Michael and Elliot, colleagues at a large ad agency, leave those jobs to open an agency of their own. Hope, Michael's overachieving wife, finds her attention divided between their new baby, Janey, and her dreams of becoming a publishing executive. Elliott's wife, Nancy, likewise has had to give up her former bohemian life as an aspiring artist to raise their two children. Melissa, Michael's photographer cousin, covets both a stellar career and a stunningly handsome life partner. Gary, the college professor who is Michael's best friend, is chronically afflicted with Peter Pan syndrome. And Ellyn, Hope's longtime friend, is a neurotic businesswoman. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 