nm0011571:

 The Last Love of Laura Adler (1990)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Voyages (1999)Summaries During a tour of a group of Israeli Jews of Polish origin, the bus in which Riwka is located breaks down between Warsaw and Auschwitz. Riwka is 65 years old. His tour bus breaks down between Warsaw and Auschwitz. In the tumult of conversations in Yiddish, anxiety drives you to overflowing. Rgine, the same age, thinks to find her old father, who has come to Paris from the other side of Europe. Vera, an 80-year-old Russian, the only one in the world, has just immigrated to Israel at the end of her life. In search of her lost cousin of sight for many years, from bus to bus, alone, foreign to everything, she is lost until exhaustion. And finally in a last bus, by chance, she meets Riwka. D. Meert It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Les murs porteurs (2007)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kings & Queen (2004)Summaries Parallel storylines tell the current state of affairs for two ex-lovers: Nora's a single mother who comes to care for her terminally ill father; holed in up in mental ward, Ismael, a brilliant musician, plots his escape. The stories of Nora during a brief period when her father falls ill and of Ismal while involuntarily committed to a mental institution for observation. Nora's in her 30s and has loved four men - her son Elias, Elias's deceased father, her own father, and Ismal, a musician given to odd behavior with whom she lived seven years. She will soon marry a businessman. Faced with her father's death, Nora seeks out Ismal to ask that he reconnect with Elias; a great deal else roils from her past. Ismal has his own challenges, not the least of which are his feelings toward adopting Elias and his meeting Arielle, another patient. Ismal's surface shows a lot; Nora's, very little. <jhailey@hotmail.com> In Paris, the thirty-five year old Nora Cotterelle has been the director of a famous art gallery for six months and will marry the wealthy owner Jean-Jacques within the next weeks. When she travels to Grenoble to meet her beloved son Elias that is spending vacation with her father, the professor and writer Louis Jenssens, she discovers that Louis has a terminal cancer, and she decides to stay in Grenoble nursing her father. Nora recalls her relationship with Elias' father Pierre and with her viola player lover Ismal Vuillard, who raised Elias for seven years and for whom her son has a great affection. Meanwhile, Ismal is interned in a psychiatric hospital against his will. Along the days, Nora and Ismal discover cruel secrets about their families' relationships. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 