nm0008545:

 Blue Heelers (19942006)Summaries The series primarily focuses on the daily lives of Victorian police officers working at a police station in the fictional small town of Mount Thomas. The most popular local production on Australian television, Blue Heelers is a weekly police drama based on a fictional bush town called Mount Thomas. Every week there is a different case for Sergeant Tom Croydon, Senior Constable Nick Schultz, Senior Detective PJ Hasham, and Constables Maggie Doyle, Dash McKinley and Adam Cooper to solve. Continuing storylines about the personal lives and relationships of these characters filter into each episode. Enoch Law <eytl@rocketmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bootleg (2002)Summaries When the "Good For You" party bans chocolate, two boys resolve to bring down the government. Based on the book of the same name by Alex Shearer; a new political party called the "Good for You" (abbreviated as GFY) which comes into power and bans chocolate. Two kids named Smudger Moore and Huntley Hunter want to get their chocolate back. They begin by selling bootleg chocolate, and go on to join an underground resistance organization. Based on a popular children's book by Alex Shearer, Bootleg details the plotting of two 13-year-old boys and their adult collaborators who try to bring down a neo-fascist government, the 'Good For You' party, which has banned chocolate. They set up a bootleg chocolate facility to undermine the government. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Power Rangers Jungle Fury (2008)Summaries Three teenagers from the Pai Zhug Kung Fu Academy are chosen to fight the forces of an opposing academy and all other forces of evil. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Offspring (20102017)Summaries The story of the impossible loves of 30-something obstetrician Nina Proudman and her fabulously messy family. Born out of the telemovie of the same name, Offspring is a contemporary drama series about Nina Proudman, a thirtysomething obstetrician and her fabulously messy family. Following the Proudman family's adventures searching for love, fulfillment and balance in the chaos of modern life, Offspring is about the life forces that drive us all: love, sex, babies, food and music. Stylistically fresh and visually exciting, Offspring mixes conventional narrative drama with flashbacks, graphic animation and fantasy sequences, showcasing the vibrant world of Fitzroy, Melbourne, where Nina and the extended Proudman family go about their unpredictable daily lives. Offspring is an exuberant drama set in Melbourne's Fitzroy, centering on Nina Proudman (Asher Keddie) and her struggle to deal with her fabulously messy family, her hunt for a decent love life and her tendency to over-think and fly off into fantasy. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 