nm0005202:

 Dead Like Me (20032004)Summaries After being hit on the head by a toilet seat, a young temp clerk becomes a grim reaper in death. Meet Georgia Lass (who prefers to be called George). She is a young Seattle college dropout who is unhappy with life. She is always at odds with her mom, Joy. One day coming back from her temp job as a filing clerk, she is hit by the toilet seat of the re-entering Space Station Mir. Finding out she is now dead, she is recruited to become a grim reaper. As in life, she is a pain in the butt in death. She does not like the details of her job, and is always at loggerheads with her boss Rube. Her fellow grim reapers don't really take much of a liking to her either. She also learns grim reapers don't even get a free ride in death, as they must hold down regular jobs along with their death duties. Pat McCurry <laraspal00@aol.com> A college dropout, Georgia "George" Lass is killed by a toilet seat that falls from the MIR space station on her first day at a temp agency. Upon death, she is recruited for a team of grim reapers - undead who mix among the living and take people's souls just before they die. Along with fellow team members Mason, Roxy, Betty, and leader Rube, George discovers life after life. lcheala@imdb.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Will & Grace (19982020)Summaries Gay lawyer Will and straight interior designer Grace share a New York City apartment. Their best friends are gleeful and proud gay Jack and charismatic, filthy-rich, amoral socialite Karen. Gay lawyer Will Truman (Eric McCormack) and straight interior designer Grace Adler (Debra Messing) are best friends living in New York City. Grace is engaged to a real jerk until the relationship falls apart and she moves in with Will. It's supposed to be temporary, until Grace finds her own place, but more and more it looks like a permanent arrangement. Grace's secretary and assistant is fun-loving wealthy socialite Karen Walker (Megan Mullally); Jack McFarland (Sean Hayes) is Will's flamboyant gay friend. Mike Hatchett <hatchetts13@webtv.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Travelers (20162018)321) Hundreds of years from now, surviving humans discover how to send consciousness back through time, into people of the 21st century, while attempting to change the path of humanity. Hundreds of years from now, the last surviving humans discover the means of sending consciousness back through time, directly into people in the 21st century. These Travelers assume the lives of seemingly random people, while secretly working as teams to perform missions in order to save humanity from a terrible future. These travelers are: FBI Special Agent Grant MacLaren, the team's leader; Marcy, a young, intellectually disabled woman in the care of her social worker, David; Trevor, a high school quarterback; Carly, a single mom in an abusive relationship; and Philip, a heroin-addicted college student. Armed only with their knowledge of history and an archive of social media profiles, the travelers discover that 21st century lives and relationships are as much a challenge as their high-stakes missions. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Travellers is a Sci Fi TV show with the premise of a time travel as a backdrop. There is a team of 5 travellers, who travel from a bleak and very dark future under the guidance or orders of a mysterious "Director". Essentially they are able to project/transfer their conscious to a human being who's either dying or about to die in 21st century. Each team consists of a Historian, a Medic/Doctor, two soldiers and one leader. Their conscious is transferred to random person of the same sex as the person from future. They inherit and pretend to live the life of their host, while working on their mission. The historian is knowledgeable and recite events that are in store or in future in 21st century, thus being able to affect or change those events. It is alluded that there are other similar teams on different missions on a tight compartmentalized need to know basis. 
 Perception (20122015)Summaries Dr. Daniel Pierce is an eccentric neuropsychiatrist who uses his unique outlook to help the federal government solve complex criminal cases. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 