nm0011820:

 The Practice (19972004)Summaries We follow the exploits and cases of defense attorneys of a Boston law firm. Bobby Donnell is the senior defense attorney and founder of the firm. Bobby Donnell is the head of a struggling Boston law firm that seems to constantly struggle with ethical themes while defending murderers, rapists, etc. Jimmy, Eugene, Ellenor and Lindsay are junior attorneys with the firm, the streetwise receptionist, and Helen the firm's frequent adversary with the D.A.'s office in this smart and clever weekly series. Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Box of Nails (1999)Summaries A twisted showman manipulates fetuses and manufactures his own freaks. Edvot, an ice-cold professional torturer, is hired to quell a rebellious carnival clown, but what he uncovers makes his own evil pale by comparison. After executing his grisly task, Edvot discovers that his client -- a carnival showman with a taste for carnal excess -- is hiding a freakish horror beyond even a torturer's twisted imagination. Edvot's journey through the carnival underworld ultimately forces him to confront his own monstrous nature and to decide what it really means to be human. Mark Borkowski It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Murder, She Wrote (19841996)44) Professional writer and amateur sleuth Jessica Fletcher uses her intellect, charm, and persistence to get to the bottom of every crime she encounters. Former high school English teacher and famed mystery writer Jessica Fletcher (Dame Angela Lansbury) has a gift for solving mysteries. You see, it seems murder follows her around, whether it be to the houses of her seemingly endless number of friends, nieces, and nephews, or right in her hometown of Cabot Cove, Maine. Jessica is sometimes assisted by her friend Dr. Seth Hazlitt (William Windom) or the local Sheriff, Amos Tupper (Tom Bosley) and Tupper's successor, Mort Metzger (Ron Masak), a former New York City cop. Sometimes, later in the series, Jessica would only serve as narrator. In later seasons, Jessica moved to Manhattan to teach criminology at Manhattan University. Mike Hatchett <hatchetts13@webtv.net> Widowed Jessica Fletcher (Dame Angela Lansbury) didn't intend to become a famous writer. It all started with one story written just to occupy her time after her husband, Frank died. When she discovers that her nephew, Grady Fletcher (Michael Horton) found her book and gave it to a "friend", Kitty Donovan (Jessica Browne), who really works for a publisher, Jessica agrees to come to New York City where Grady and Kitty are and ends up solving a murder there, unintentionally becoming an amateur sleuth. From that time on, murder and all sorts of trouble seem to find Jessica wherever she goes. When she is in her Maine hometown, Cabot Cove, she is sometimes assisted by Sheriff Amos Tupper (Tom Bosley), who is not the sharpest tool in the shed, sometimes with Dr. Seth Hazlitt (William Windom), and also Tupper's replacement, former New York City cop, Sheriff Mort Metzger (Ron Masak). Occasionally, other sleuths help her like Boston P.I. Harry McGraw (Jerry Orbach), shady Chicago Private Eye Charlie Garrett (Wayne Rogers), and reformed thief, Dennis Stanton (Keith Michell). Jessica is a good judge of character and notices very small details. In the later seasons, she moves to New York City, serves as only the narrator in some episodes, and teaches criminology at Manhattan University. Seneca Lauren Jessica Beatrice (J.B.) Fletcher (Dame Angela Lansbury) is a former high school English teacher who takes up writing mystery novels as a way of helping her cope with the sudden passing of her husband Frank. Frank's nephew Grady Fletcher (Michael Horton), who was raised by the Fletchers following the death of his parents, finds one of Jessica's novels and submits it to a publisher behind her back. Not only does the novel get published, but it becomes a best seller. Soon Jessica becomes an international celebrity and travels throughout the United States and the world promoting her novels. However, she also displays a knack for solving murders and becomes a well respected amateur criminologist. She often solves crimes with the aid of her friends Dr. Seth Hazlitt (William Windom) and Sheriff Amos Tupper (Tom Bosley), and his successor, former New York City cop, Mort Metzger (Ron Masak), and occasionally with other sleuths such as Boston private investigator Harry McGraw (Jerry Orbach), Chicago private eye Charlie Garrett (Wayne Rogers), and reformed thief Dennis Stanton (Keith Michell). Brian Washington <Sargebri@att.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Inferno (II) (1999)Summaries A man (JCVD) drives out in the desert where some men steal his motorcycle and leave him for dead. He survives and no longer thinks of suicide as he now has a purpose in life: revenge and getting his bike back. Eddie Lomax (Van Damme) is a vetern soldier sick of life, wandering the desert looking for a reason to die. An incident with a few thugs from the nearby town who steal Eddies motorbike and beat him almost to death, starts in Eddie a flame for revenge. Helped by Mr. Early, and some other good fellows, Eddie is out for vengeance. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 