nm0008214:

 Phobia (2005)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Caesar (2002 )Summaries Twenty-year-old Julius Caeser flees Rome for his life during the reign of Sulla, but through skill and ambition rises four decades later to become Rome's supreme dictator. Epic look at Julius Caesar, Rome's last dictator, whose death also signaled the end of the Roman Republic. Chronicles his campaigns in Gaul and Egypt, his rivalry with General Pompey, and his eventual assassination at the hands of Brutus and Cassius. Ronos The story of the rise and fall of the Roman Emperor Gaius Julius Caesar, born July 13, 100 B.C., and starting his career as a young Roman with visions of greatness for the Eternal City. When Sulla conquers Rome with his troops, Caesar is one of the very few to stand up against the despotic dictator. This impresses Pompeius, Sulla's general, and he protects the young man, who is a nephew of Marius, a well known veteran, against the wrath of Sulla. After Sulla's death, Caesar returns from exile and starts his political career. Caesar's daughter Julia marries general and senator Pompeius, and Caesar takes Pompeius' troops in order to simply safeguard the borders to Gaul, but instead conquers the whole country. His final victory takes place at the fortress of Alesia, where the Germanic troops under Vercingetorix capitulate. Back in Rome, Ceasar is not trusted anymore, since the troops are loyal to him alone and it is feared by Pompeius and Cato that he will use the troops to conquer Rome and declare himself King, including the establishing of a inheritbale right to the throne. Instead, Caesar does none of that and sets off to Egypt in order to ensure a constant delivery of agricultural goods to the Roman Empire. After a glorious return to Rome, his former friends Pompeius and Cato are dead, their deaths blamed on Caesar, and his personal life is in ruins since he could not resist the temptation of beautiful Egyptian empress Cleopatra. Being inveigled and aided by a group of rebellious and untrusting senators around Cassius, his nephew Brutus finally kills Julius Caesar at March 15, 44. B.C. (the Ides of March) at the age of 55, starting an era of civil wars. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Phobia (II) (2015)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Black Eagle (1988)Summaries CIA agent must outrace KGB agent in searching of super weapon lost in Mediterranean. One of the US Air Force's most modern tactical aircraft, an F-111 Aardvark with a new laser guidance system, crashes into the sea near Malta - a region where the Soviet forces are highly present, too. The CIA immediately sends out their best secret agent, Ken Tami, to salvage the system before it falls into enemy hands. To ensure his loyalty, they bring his two young sons to a nearby hotel on the island. Ken Tami's tough opponent is KGB agent Andrei. Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 