nm0004802:

 Legally Blonde (2001)Summaries Elle Woods, a fashionable sorority queen, is dumped by her boyfriend. She decides to follow him to law school. While she is there, she figures out that there is more to her than just looks. Elle Woods ( Reese Witherspoon ) has it all. She's the President of her sorority, a Hawaiian Tropic girl, Miss June in her campus calendar, and, above all, a natural blonde. She dates the cutest fraternity boy on campus and wants nothing more than to be Mrs. Warner Huntington III. But, there's just one thing stopping Warner ( Matthew Davis ) from popping the question: Elle is too blonde. Growing up across the street from Aaron Spelling might mean something in Los Angeles, California, but nothing to Warner's East-Coast blue blood family. So, when Warner packs up for Harvard Law and reunites with an old sweetheart from prep school, Elle rallies all her resources and gets into Harvard, determined to win him back. But law school is a far cry from the comforts of her poolside and the mall. Elle must wage the battle of her life, for her guy, for herself and for all the blondes who suffer endless indignities everyday. vanessawhistler1971@hotmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015)761) When Tony Stark and Bruce Banner try to jump-start a dormant peacekeeping program called Ultron, things go horribly wrong and it's up to Earth's mightiest heroes to stop the villainous Ultron from enacting his terrible plan. Tony Stark creates the Ultron Program to protect the world, but when the peacekeeping program becomes hostile, The Avengers go into action to try and defeat a virtually impossible enemy together. Earth's mightiest heroes must come together once again to protect the world from global extinction. applenatalia9 After finding intelligence in Loki's scepter, Tony Stark and Bruce Banner use it to start Ultron, a peacemaker, who soon uncovers the world's wrongs, and plans to rid human error. With help from experimented human beings turned allies, the Avengers search to hunt for Ultron, who is trying to make a synthetic human body to upload his mind into. sheldonandres The Avengers raid a Hydra base in Sokovia commanded by Strucker and they retrieve Loki's scepter. They also discover that Strucker had been conducting experiments with the orphan twins Pietro Maximoff, who has super speed, and Wanda Maximoff, who can control minds and project energy. Tony Stark discovers an Artificial Intelligence in the scepter and convinces Bruce Banner to secretly help him to transfer the A.I. to his Ultron defense system. However, the Ultron decides that is necessary to annihilate mankind in order to save the planet, attacks the Avengers and flees to Sokovia with the scepter. He builds an armature for self-protection and robots for his army and teams up with the twins. The Avengers go to Clinton Barton's house to recover, but out of the blue, Nick Fury arrives and convinces them to fight against Ultron. Will they succeed? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After a successful raid on a HYDRA base, Tony Stark and Bruce Banner create an Artificial Intelligence called Ultron, a peacekeeping protocol designed to help the Avengers protect the world from their enemies. But things go wrong when Ultron sees the human race as a threat and sets out to destroy it along with the Avengers. Now the Avengers, Iron Man, Thor, Captain America, the Hulk, Black Widow and Hawkeye, must reassemble to stop Ultron from causing mass destruction. Aside from this, the Avengers also must take on the powerful twins Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch as well as the new entity called Vision. Also, the Avengers find that things may never be the same again after discovering a power beyond their comprehension. This sequel to the smash-hit comic-book epic The Avengers finds the iconic superhero team dealing with a threat of their own making: a sentient robot called Ultron (voice of James Spader), who was originally designed as part of a peacekeeping program. Since the events of the last film, Captain America (Chris Evans), Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), the Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), Thor (Chris Hemsworth), Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner), and Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) have been working to take down various cells of a secret society of villains known as HYDRA. Their zeal to make the world a better, safer place inspires Tony Stark, genius billionaire and alter ego of Iron Man, to create Ultron in order to respond to additional threats that the Avengers aren't able to handle. Ultron, unfortunately, takes this directive way too seriously -- he believes that world peace can only be achieved by exterminating humanity, and he'll stop at nothing to accomplish this goal. The battle between the Avengers and Ultron is further complicated by the appearance of super-powered siblings Quicksilver (Aaron Taylor-Johnson) and Scarlet Witch (Elizabeth Olsen), who ally themselves with the homicidal android. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the Eastern European country of Sokovia, the Avengers - Tony Stark / Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr), Steve Rogers / Captain America (Chris Evans), Thor (Chris Hemsworth), Bruce Banner / Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson), and Clint Barton / Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) - raid a Hydra outpost commanded by Baron Wolfgang von Strucker (Thomas Kretschmann), who has been experimenting on humans using the sceptre previously wielded by Loki. They encounter two of Strucker's experiments: the Maximoff twins Pietro (Aaron Taylor-Johnson), who has superhuman speed, and Wanda (Elizabeth Olsen), who has telekinetic abilities, and can manipulate minds and project energy. Rogers captures Strucker, while Stark retrieves the sceptre after Wanda implants a fear-filled vision of a bleak possible future in his mind. Back at the team's headquarters - Avengers Tower (formerly Stark Tower) - Stark and Banner discover an artificial intelligence within the sceptre's gem, and secretly plan to use it to complete Stark's "Ultron" global defence program. After many failed attempts, they leave for a victory party to celebrate the recapture of the sceptre. Unbeknownst to them, the program comes to life... The unexpectedly sentient Ultron (James Spader) awakens, believing that he must eradicate humanity to save the Earth, and overwhelms Stark's AI, JARVIS (Paul Bettany). In the guise of one of Stark's Iron Legion robot drones, Ultron attacks the Avengers as they relax together after their party. Escaping with the sceptre, Ultron uses the resources in Strucker's Sokovia base to upgrade his rudimentary body and build an army of robot drones. After killing Strucker, he then meets and recruits the Maximoff twins, who hold Stark responsible for their parents' deaths due to weapons manufactured by his company. The trio goes to the base of arms dealer Ulysses Klaue (Andy Serkis) in an African shipyard to obtain Wakandan vibranium. The Avengers pursue them there, but Wanda subdues all of them except Stark and Barton with haunting visions, causing Banner as the Hulk to rampage through a nearby city until Stark stops him with his Hulk-buster armour. A worldwide backlash over the resulting destruction and the fears incited by Wanda's hallucinations send the team into hiding at Barton's safehouse, where they meet his wife and children, who had been kept a secret from all of them except Romanoff. Seeing no answers to be found there, Thor departs to consult with his friend Dr Erik Selvig (Stellan Skarsgard) on the meaning of the apocalyptic future he saw in his hallucination, while Romanoff and Banner discuss the possibility of fleeing together after realising their mutual attraction. However, Nick Fury (Samuel L Jackson) arrives and encourages the team to fight back and stop Ultron. In Seoul, Ultron forces the Avengers' friend and ally Dr. Helen Cho (Claudia Kim) to use her synthetic-tissue technology, together with vibranium and the sceptre's gem, to perfect a new body for him. As Ultron uploads himself into the synthetic body, Wanda is then able to read his mind, and discovers his plan to annihilate humanity. Horrified, the Maximoffs turn on Ultron and join forces with Rogers to distract him while Romanoff and Barton retrieve the synthetic body. However, Ultron captures Romanoff while Barton reluctantly takes the body back to Stark and Banner at Avengers Tower, followed by Rogers and the twins. The Avengers fight amongst themselves when Stark secretly uploads JARVIS - who is still operational after hiding from Ultron deep within the Internet - into the synthetic body. Thor returns to help activate the body, explaining that the gem on its brow - one of the six Infinity Stones, the most powerful objects in existence - was part of his vision. This "Vision" (Paul Bettany) - proving himself a worthy ally by effortlessly lifting Thor's hammer Mjolnir - and the Maximoff twins accompany the Avengers back to Sokovia, where Ultron has used the remaining vibranium to build a machine to lift a large part of the capital city skyward, intending to crash it into the ground and cause global extinction. Banner rescues Romanoff, who pushes him into a pit to rouse the Hulk for the battle. The Avengers face off against Ultron's army of drones, while Fury arrives in a Helicarrier with Maria Hill (Cobie Smulders), James Rhodes / War Machine (Don Cheadle) and other SHIELD agents to evacuate the civilians. While the other Avengers go to help with the evacuation, Wanda accepts the task to guard the machine from activation by Ultron's drones. However Ultron steals the Avengers' Quinjet and goes on a strafing run in a desperate attempt to stop the evacuation. Pietro is killed when he shields Barton from Ultron's gunfire. The Hulk leaps into the Quinjet and forcibly evicts Ultron - leaving him vulnerable to a vengeful Wanda, who abandons her post to destroy Ultron's primary body. This then allows one of his drones to activate the machine. The city begins to plummet, but Stark and Thor overload the machine and destroy the landmass, with the Vision swooping in to rescue Wanda. The Hulk, unwilling to endanger Romanoff by being with her, departs in the Quinjet, while the Vision confronts and destroys Ultron's last remaining body. Later, the Avengers have established a new base run by Fury, Hill, Cho, and Selvig. Barton returns home to his family, and Thor returns to Asgard to learn more about the forces which he suspects have manipulated recent events, while Stark also leaves the team. Rogers and Romanoff prepare to train the new team of Avengers: James Rhodes, the Vision, Sam Wilson / Falcon (Anthony Mackie), and Wanda. In a mid-credits scene, Thanos, dissatisfied by the failures of his pawns, dons the Infinity Gauntlet and vows to retrieve the Infinity Stones personally... 
 Brokeback Mountain (2005)651) Ennis and Jack are two shepherds who develop a sexual and emotional relationship. Their relationship becomes complicated when both of them get married to their respective girlfriends. Their acquaintance began on the warm summer of 1963, when cowboys, Ennis Del Mar and Jack Twist, ended up on the sheep farm of Joe Aguirre in Brokeback Mountain, Wyoming while looking for work. Under unexpected circumstances, little by little, the two men developed an intimate relationship that turned into a profound but secret bond, right under the nose of their families. However, love, and its many faces, is eternal. Who can stop love, life's ultimate truth? Nick Riganas In 1963, two young men hire on as ranch hands in the Wyoming mountains. During the long months of isolation, an unusual bond starts to develop between them, one which they are only vaguely aware of -- until one night when it rises to the surface in a passionate encounter. When the season ends, they part ways, only to realize the true depth of their feelings. Thus begins a decades-long affair that the two of them desperately try to hide from those around them -- one which will prove simultaneously beautiful and devastating. LOTUS73 In the Summer of 1963 Wyoming, two young men, Ennis a ranch hand and Jack an aspiring rodeo bull rider, are sent to work together herding sheep on Brokeback Mountain, and what had otherwise been anticipated to be a rather uneventful venture, will soon turn into an affair of love, of lust, and complications that will spand through 19 years of their lives. Through marriage, through children, and through the mighty grip of societal confines and the expectations of what it is to be a man. JamaicaSugar Set against the sweeping vistas of Alberta's Rocky Mountains, this film tells the story of two young men - a ranch-hand and a rodeo cowboy - who meet in the summer of 1963 and unexpectedly forge a lifelong connection, one whose complications, joys and tragedies provide a testament to the endurance and power of love. focus features Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the summer of 1963, two young men meet when they find work sheep-herding for the summer on Brokeback Mountain, a fictional, picturesque setting in Wyoming. Ennis Del Mar ( Heath Ledger ) is 19, engaged to be married in the fall, and aspires to someday run his own ranch, following in the footsteps of his parents, who died in a car crash and left young Ennis and his brother and sister alone to fend for themselves. Jack Twist ( Jake Gyllenhaal ) is about the same age and dreams of becoming the greatest rodeo cowboy alive. Both feel essentially alone in the world. While sharing a sheephand's backbreaking work load, facing the toil and troubles of the weather, shortages of food, and wild animal attacks, their working friendship eventually develops into something more. Breaking their employer's rule that one man must sleep with the sheep and one at the camp, one night after an evening of boozing and shooting the bull, they end up sharing the tent to avoid freezing. The bitter cold leads to their sleeping spooned, Jack initiates touching, and Ennis eventually responds. Over the next several days, the two increasingly give in to their attraction to one another. When the summer ends, the two men separate and continue with their lives. Ennis marries Alma ( Michelle Williams ), who soon gets pregnant and gives birth to two daughters, Alma Jr. and Jenny. Jack, by contrast, is still drawn to other men, and remains unmarried until he meets and, after a drunken one-night stand, has a son with feisty cowgirl Lureen Newsome ( Anne Hathaway ), whose father owns a profitable business selling farming machinery in Texas and openly looks down on Jack. Searching for acceptance, approval, and unconditional love, Jack writes to Ennis in 1967, when they arrange to meet again. When Jack arrives in Wyoming, both men passionately kiss. Ennis makes a weak attempt to be discreet, but the kiss is seen by Alma, who becomes sickened by it. From this point on Ennis and Jack's relationship rebuilds and develops even more deeply. Alma becomes increasingly suspicious about the men's frequent "fishing trips" up to Brokeback Mountain, and eventually Alma and Ennis divorce in November 1975, with Alma getting custody of their daughters. As soon as he hears the divorce is final, Jack shows up in Wyoming hoping to now be able to live a life ranching with Ennis, who is torn, as he too longs for the idyllic life Jack describes, but he explains that if they dare to live together, they will be killed by the locals for being "queer." This leads to an arrangement whereby Jack drives from Texas to Wyoming to meet with Ennis three or four times a year, each meeting leading to another emotional departure. By 1978, Ennis is desperately struggling to make ends meet and pay child support, and becomes briefly involved with a waitress, Cassie Cartwright (Linda Cardellini). As a result, Ennis meets less frequently with Jack, who visits Mexico looking to satisfy his physical needs in seedy underground gay bars and clubs. When Jack taunts Ennis with this information in an effort to make him jealous, he ends his rant by saying "I wish I could quit you!" In 1980, Ennis gets a postcard he sent Jack returned with "Deceased" marked across it. When Ennis contacts Lureen, she tells him Jack was accidentally killed by a tire iron while changing a flat. All the while, Ennis envisions Jack being beaten to death by a homophobic mob for being "queer," just as Ennis had described happened to a neighbor he knew as a child. Lureen also tells Ennis that Jack wanted his ashes spread at his favourite place, Brokeback Mountain. Ennis goes to visit Jack's childhood home, where Jack's father (Peter McRobbie) insists that Jack's ashes will be placed in the family burial plot. At Jack's mother's (Roberta Maxwell) invitation, Ennis visits Jack's bedroom, where he find two shirts, his and one of Jack's, worn by the two young men in the summer of 1963, and smeared with their blood from a fight. The shirts hang together on the same hanger, tenderly folded into one another, Jack's denim shirt with Ennis's dress shirt inside. Ennis takes the shirts with him when he leaves. Ennis moves out of town into a low, bare, and scantily furnished trailer, alone; he now has nothing and no one. Jumping forward to 1983, a visit from his 19-year-old eldest daughter Alma Jr. (Kate Mara) brings happy news and a sense of hope, as she is engaged. Ennis wants only to know if her boyfriend "really" loves her. She says he does, invites Ennis to the wedding, and leaves. Ennis sits, beaten down by years of hard work and alcohol, weathered, aged, and heartbroken. With him... his and Jack's shirts, still entwined, now reversed, Ennis' shirt over Jack's, and a postcard with a picture of Brokeback Mountain. 
 Scooby-Doo (2002)44) After an acrimonious break up, the Mystery Inc. gang are individually brought to an island resort to investigate strange goings on. The Mystery Inc. gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years, until they each receive an invitation to Spooky Island. Not knowing that the others have also been invited, they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways. Fred, Daphne, Velma, Shaggy and Scooby soon realize that they cannot solve this mystery without help from each other. Doug_Funnie Well Zoinks! They're back together again!! After two years apart, Mystery, Inc. are back together and ready to solve the mystery of Spooky Island. Spooky Island is a resort run by one Mr. Emile Mondavarious, who is having troubles with what he believes are real spooks. This is bad for business, when it gets around and threatens to send the guests scattering back to the mainland. Mondavarious convinces the gang that they are needed and should work together. But is the island really haunted, or is there just a sinister individual behind all the ride malfunctions and creepy, crawly creatures? If so, who could it be? SindyMac Mystery Inc. (Daphne, Fred, Velma, Shaggy, and Scooby Doo) has broken up; on the grounds of who has been solving their cases. After two years seperated, they are mysteriously joined together to solve a case on Spooky Island. A theme park owned by a man named, Mondavarious. He needs their help, figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober. But it seems they are brought back as one for more than just solving a case. Rachel <DaphShagFredVelmScoob> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 