nm0006532:

 Guyver: Dark Hero (1994)Summaries Sean Barker, unwilling host to an alien bio-armor known as the Guyver, must fight the Kronos Corporation again before they discover the secrets of the Guyver's origin. Sean Barker became the unwilling host to an alien bio-armor known as the Guyver. A year ago he destroyed the Kronos Corporation, an organization of mutants who want the Guyver. Now he is trying to find why the Guyver unit forces him to fight and kill evil. He is lead to an archelogical site where scientists discover an ancient space craft. Now he must fight Kronos again before they discover the secrets of the Guyver's origin. <pace@interpath.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Schlock (1973)Summaries A small town is terrorized by "The Banana Killer", which turns out to be the missing link between man and ape. A monkey-type monster falls in love with a blind girl, which thinks that he's a giant dog. After kidnapping the girl and fleeing king-kong-like onto the roof of a gym, he gets involved with the army. Markus Lasermann <mslaserm@trick.informatik.uni-stuttgart.de> Schlock is a fun twist on an old tale. Schlock - and ape man frozen/preserved is accidentally released and goes on a rampage. Mayhem follows with typical over the top slash and gore in the same vein as "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes". Played fully with tongue in cheek - like a television competition to "Guess how many people these body part will make". John Landis plays the part of Schlock and although expressing emotions through a monkey suit is not easy - he gets the point across. Marcwolf It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dead Giveaway (1995)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Teen Angel (19971998)Summaries After eating a six-month-old hamburger, Marty DePolo dies and God's Cousin Rod appoints him as his best friend's guardian angel. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 