nm0000648:

 Demolition Man (1993)541) A police officer is brought out of suspended animation in prison to pursue an old ultra-violent nemesis who is loose in a non-violent future society. Frozen in 1996, Simon Phoenix, a convicted crime lord, is revived for a parole hearing well into the 21st century. Revived into a society free from crime, Phoenix resumes his murderous rampage, and no one can stop him. John Spartan, the police officer who captured Phoenix in 1996, has also been cryogenically frozen, this time for a crime he did not commit. In 2032, the former cities of Los Angeles, San Diego and Santa Barbara have merged into peaceful, utopian San Angeles. Unable to stop him with their non-violent solutions, the police release Spartan to help recapture Phoenix. Now after 36 years, Spartan has to adapt himself to the future society he has no knowledge about. Rob Hartill In the late 20th century, Simon Phoenix is a psychotic criminal who is extremely elusive. He took some people hostage. John Spartan is a cop who is known as the Demolition Man because he demolishes property to get to his man. When Spartan thinks the hostages are dead, he goes after Phoenix blowing up the building he was in. But when he turns Phoenix in, traces of the hostages are found and it's believed that they could have been alive. Spartan says they were already dead but Phoenix says they were alive. Spartan would then be charged and found guilty and sentenced to a cryogenic prison as is Phoenix. 36 years later Phoenix is released for his parole hearing but he escapes and goes on rampage. The police try to apprehend him, but it turns out that the police are less aggressive, so Phoenix escapes. So when it is discovered that Spartan was the one who caught Phoenix he is released and tasked with finding him. But Phoenix is now stronger than he was 36 years ago, Spartan wonders how is this possible. rcs0411@yahoo.com In 1996 Los Angeles, the streets are ruled by acts of violence and terror, nothing and nobody is safe. Simon Phoenix is one of the worst criminals that Los Angeles has ever seen, and only one man can stop him - police officer John Spartan. When John arrested Phoenix, he was surprisingly found as an accessory to the recent crime and was also sent to the CryoPrison. During Spartan's 36-year sentence, Los Angeles' theme and society had dramatically changed from one of violence to one of peace. Phoenix, revived for a parole hearing, managed to escape and uses Los Angles to his advantage. The police are unable to stop him with their non-violent solutions and have no choice but to release Spartan to stop him. Now Spartan not only has to stop Phoenix, but to adapt himself to the future society he has no knowledge about. John Wiggins Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 1996, Los Angeles has become a crime-ridden hell where street gangs control the city. The most powerful gang leader, Simon Phoenix, has set up the largest and most dangerous territory for himself, with his headquarters inside a large, dilapidated building. When he kidnaps about 30 passengers from a city bus, an LA supercop, John Spartan, whom has a reputation for destroying property while working on cases and a long history of reprimand by his superiors, is sent in to arrest Phoenix and rescue the hostages. Spartan bungee jumps onto the roof of Phoenix' headquarters and fights his way through the structure, defeating several of Phoenix' guards. When Phoenix sees Spartan's approach on his security cameras, he grabs a dagger and punctures several barrels of gasoline, spilling it onto the floor. Spartan arrives and orders Phoenix to reveal the location of the hostages. Phoenix catches Spartan off guard, showing him the pool of gas and brandishing a lit torch. He defiantly refuses to give up the hostages and flicks a lit cigarette toward Spartan, igniting the gas. Spartan grabs Phoenix and runs out of the building while the flames ignite several barrels of C4 explosive. The building collapses just after Spartan makes it to safety. When Spartan's captain shows up, he immediately chastises Spartan for destroying the building per his usual methods (hence, his nickname "The Demolition Man"), however Spartan tells him that Phoenix had deliberately rigged the place to explode. Spartan also tells his chief that he'd done a thermal scan of the building and found only Phoenix and his goons there. Phoenix yells that Spartan was wrong and a fire chief suddenly informs them all that they've found about 30 bodies in the rubble which can only be the bus passengers. Phoenix claims that he told Spartan about the hostages and that Spartan said he didn't care. Spartan's chief tells him to get a good lawyer. Spartan is charged with involuntary manslaughter and sentenced to a 70 year term in a new prison where the inmates are cryogenically frozen. During their incarceration, prisoners are subject to reconditioning to change their behavior. Thirty-six years later in 2032, the prison is still in operation. Los Angeles has changed considerably, having become a community of peace. The cities of LA, Santa Barbara and San Diego have merged into one giant urban center after a giant earthquake devastated most of Southern California. The San Angeles Police Department hasn't dealt with a violent crime in over 16 years. The city is led by a seemingly benevolent man named Raymond Cocteau, who is responsible for the society LA has become. Phoenix finds himself unfrozen for a parole hearing. Though it's likely he'll simply be denied, he's given a chance to speak by Warden Smithers. Phoenix gives the password to unlock his shackles and attacks the guards and Smithers. To get past the prison's retinal scanners, he tears out the warden's eye. He steals a car and heads for Los Angeles. At the SAPD's HQ, the police force are alerted by their central computer, L7, of a "Code 187" which they don't recognize but L7 identifies as "MurderDeathKill". The force is horrified to see that the warden and another doctor of the prison have been killed by Phoenix. They work quickly to locate him and find him on Wilshire Boulevard. At a control kiosk, Phoenix discovers that he has new abilities, such as increased strength, hand-to-hand combat skills and that he can hack the city's computer system. The officers sent to arrest him are no match and he quickly beats or kills them. He then detonates the batteries in one of their squad cars and escapes. Shocked at the level of violence, the SAPD, led by an officer named Lenina Huxley, decide they have to free John Spartan from his prison sentence to stop Phoenix. Spartan is thawed and reinstated to the police force. He is also told that his wife was killed in the big earthquake of 2010. His daughter's whereabouts are unknown. When he asks for a cigarette, he's told they and a list of foods and vices from the past are illegal because they are unhealthy. He's also told that he's had a microchip implanted in his hand so his location can be monitored at all time. Spartan objects immediately, criticizing the plan as fascist. He also scoffs at the police chief's theory that Phoenix will try to set up a new crime syndicate. Spartan knows that Phoenix' immediate plan is to arm himself and continue his terrorist activities. When the chief tells him that the only guns left in the city limits are in a museum, Spartan and Huxley go there. In the museum, Phoenix breaks open a display case and grabs several weapons, including a laser firing rifle. Trapped temporarily in the exhibit, Spartan finds Phoenix and the two battle in a vicious gunfight and hand-to-hand. Phoenix is able to escape through the museum's roof. He runs directly into Cocteau and tries to shoot him but is unable to pull the trigger. Cocteau tells Phoenix that he should be hunting a man named Edgar Friendly instead of wasting his time terrorizing San Angeles. Spartan catches up but Phoenix escapes again. Grateful that Spartan "saved" his life, Cocteau invites him and Huxley to dinner at Taco Bell, the only restaurant left in the area after and event called the Franchise Wars. At dinner, Cocteau and his guests grill Spartan about his unruly methods and vulgar language. He takes most of the criticism as a compliment and makes mention of the fact that he was actually conscious during his incarceration and that he remembers seeing his wife outside his ice block. Cocteau dismisses Spartan's claims. Just then Spartan sees shady-looking people outside the restaurant and runs after them. He takes several of them down but stops when one of them begs him not to hurt him and drops a container of food his group had stolen from the restaurant. Huxley is over-excited, praising Spartan for his ability in hand-to-hand but Spartan scolds her saying that violence isn't the best solution and that the people he'd roughed up were just trying to get something to eat. Huxley later takes Spartan to her apartment. Saying that the evening's violence has her sexually aroused, she politely asks if John will have sex with her. She places a helmet on his head which uses a form of sensory induction to stimulate their brains directly. John is appalled, preferring physical contact. Huxley explains that physical contact and "fluid exchange" are illegal because of sexually transmitted diseases that were worse than AIDS. She asks John to leave her apartment when John makes physical advances. John returns to his apartment and examines a video recording from the museum she'd given him. He sees that Phoenix, when he'd found Cocteau at the museum, had plenty of time to kill Cocteau but didn't. John grows more suspicious of San Angeles' benefactor. The next morning John apologizes to Huxley for his behavior. She forgives him and the two access L7's records on Phoenix, finding that he'd been given a rehab program to turn him into an even more violent sociopath than he'd been in 1996. Spartan has Huxley take him to Cocteau's offices where he confronts Cocteau directly, threatening to harm him. Cocteau is still able to conceal his secret: in a later secret meeting with Phoenix, he reveals that he'd altered the villain's rehab program so he'd murder Edgar Friendly and the rest of Friendly's mob, who live in the ruins under Los Angeles, where they are poor, starving and steal food. These "Scraps" are a constant annoyance to Cocteau, who wants them wiped out. Phoenix has a small demand of his own: in order to properly do the job, he wants a few of his fellow cryocons released. However, they will not undergo the same rehabilitation conditioning that Phoenix himself did, making them even more dangerous. Spartan figures out that the reason why the SAPD's manhunt didn't find Phoenix is because he'd been hiding under the city. Phoenix meets with the cryocons that he'd gotten Cocteau to release and tells them they have to kill Friendly and then the city will be theirs. Spartan and Huxley find Edgar Friendly, who tells them he's not a fan of Cocteau's dictatorship and would rather live his life in abject poverty but still be free. Spartan and Huxley are found by Phoenix and another battle ensues. Phoenix escapes to the surface and steals an SAPD squad car. Huxley & Spartan tear after him in an antique 1970 Oldsmobile 442. During the chase, Phoenix tells Spartan that he'd already killed all the bus passengers in 1996. Phoenix escapes again and Spartan sees Friendly's mob approaching. They give him weapons to go after Phoenix. At Cocteau's office, Phoenix introduces him to his freed prisoner horde and has one of them murder Cocteau, throwing his body in the fireplace. Phoenix is granted access to the cryoprison and plans to thaw out more criminals, many of whom were incarcerated by Spartan and haven't undergone any reconditioning. Spartan goes after Phoenix at the cryoprison after using a stun rod on Huxley to keep her from joining him. At the prison, Phoenix is finishing the last stages of freeing the prisoners. He kills all the technicians just as Spartan arrives. The two exchange gunfire and fight furiously until Spartan is able to freeze Phoenix. As he swings around on a large crane, he knocks Phoenix' frozen head off, which shatters on the floor. Spartan runs out of the cryoprison as it explodes. He meets Huxley and his chief outside. The inhabitants of San Angeles aren't sure of how to continue their lives since Cocteau is dead but Spartan assures them they'll be fine. He also looks forward to starting a new romantic relationship with Huxley. 
 New Jack City (1991)541) A crime lord ascends to power and becomes megalomaniacal while a maverick police detective vows to stop him. The gangster Nino has a gang who call themselves Cash Money Brothers. They get into the crack business and not before long they make a million dollars every week. A cop, Scotty, is after them. He tries to get into the gang by letting an ex-drug addict infiltrate the gang, but the attempt fails miserably. The only thing that remains is that Scotty himself becomes a drug pusher. Mattias Thuresson A modern-day crime epic focusing on the efforts of two unorthodox police officers to bring down a drug gang at the height of New York City's crack cocaine epidemic of 10 years ago. The film also chronicles the rise and fall of Nino Brown, the antagonist of the film, in a light study of drug proliferation and its effects on poor neighborhoods. As numerous attempts to break the control of the gang fail and violence begins to escalate, how far will the police go to catch Nino Brown? Emperor Palpatine In 1989, Nino Brown, a small time drug dealer, is convinced by one of his fellow thugs that the wave of the future is in the cocaine derivative, crack. Brown sees potential in crack and sets out to establish himself as chief kingpin by killing off his rivals and even going as far as to take over a whole apartment complex. Out to stop him are undercover cops Scottie Appleton and Nick Paretti. Appleton especially wants to get Nino because of the fact that he murdered Scottie's mother as part of a gang initiation. Also involved is Pookie, a former crack head who wants to bring down Nino as well. Brian Washington <Sargebri@att.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nino Brown (Wesley Snipes) is an up-and-coming drug pusher. His brother and right-hand-man, Gee Money (Allen Payne) introduces Nino to a new drug: freebased "crack" cocaine, which Gee says is cheaper to produce and more potent than regular cocaine and is taking the poor neighborhoods of New York by storm. Nino and Gee decide to take over an entire apartment building in Harlem called The Carter for their base of operations. He and Gee and Duh Man (Bill Nunn) go about getting cooperation through violence and coercion. Together they drive out any protesting tenants and other crime lords, terrorizing and shooting them openly on the streets in full view of local witnesses. The name their organization the CMB for "Cash Money Brothers." After a few years Nino had expanded his empire and crack addiction has reached epidemic proportions. Detective Stone (Mario Van Peebles) wants to bring Nino to justice, but no one on the police force is crazy enough to go against Nino. Stone decides to call in Scotty Appleton (Ice-T), a plain clothes cop who is currently serving a suspension for shooting an unarmed suspect who ran during a failed drug deal. Stone convinces Scotty to infiltrate Nino's organization, with the help of another burned-out cop, Nick Paretti (Judd Nelson). Frankie Needles (Anthony DeSando) visits Nino to deliver a message from the mob - Nino isn't paying the percentage any more. Nino sends him away scornfully, and Frankie advises Don Armeteo (John Aprea), the mob boss. Meanwhile, Scotty and Paretti watch Nino giving out food to the poor, including Pookie (Chris Rock), the young addict Scotty had shot. Scotty recruits Pookie, weaning him off crack and rehabilitating him. Pookie obtains a low-level job working for Gee Money at the Carter. Pookie later explains how to get into the hotel and the setup for distributing crack. Park (Russell Wong) has some hi-tech toys for Pookie to surveil the premises, including a camera hidden in a belt buckle. Nino is celebrating his success and expressing his friendship with Gee Money. However, he has eyes for Gee Money's girlfriend, Uniqua (Tracy Camilla Johns). Nino's neglected girlfriend, Selina (Michael Michele) becomes jealous. Pookie gets inside the Carter, doing menial jobs at first. However Gee Money doesn't trust him fully. Pookie lands a job in the drug distribution area, but starts sneaking drugs and becomes addicted again, acting obnoxiously. Gee Money finds the surveillance device and realizes he's a plant. Gee Money evacuates the area and sets explosives on Pookie's dead body to destroy the building. Scotty and his men enter and try and find evidence and defuse the bomb attached to Pookie with only a few seconds to spare. Nino is enraged, and threatens Gee Money. Scotty blames himself for Pookie's death, and vows to continue the investigation, despite Stone's orders. Paretti agrees to help. They enlist Frankie to arrange a meet with Gee Money, posing as big-time buyers who want to cut a side deal with Gee. Gee himself has become addicted to crack and talks to Nino on the phone about how Scotty's product is of a greater purity than what they sold for years. Nino decides to accept the deal and tells Gee that if anything goes wrong, he'll personally kill him. Scotty gets in with Nino, even protecting him from an irate neighborhood man (Bill Cobbs). He plants seeds of doubt into Nino's mind about Gee Money. One night Scotty and Nino hang out on the roof talking about how they both came up. Nino tells Scotty about how he joined his first gang: the gang leaders ordered him to kill someone with one hitch; it had to be a total stranger. Nino, high on coke, killed a woman walking home at night with a bag of groceries. Scotty realizes it was his own mother. Scotty decides to hold his fury in check until he and his crew can bust Nino for trafficking and higher crimes. Paretti breaks into Nino's safe during a wedding Nino and Scotty attend and finds financial records on disk. The Italian mob shows up at the wedding disguised as caterers & tries to kill Nino -- Scotty, who has a clear shot at Nino during the gunfight, watches as Nino uses a child as a shield to escape. Keisha is killed during the attack, and a war between Nino's Cash Money Brothers (CMB) and Don Armeteo's gang erupts. Scotty and Paretti meet with Stone and arrange to set Nino up. During the deal, Kareem (Christopher Williams) identifies Scotty, remembering Scotty shooting Pookie on the street, and a shootout ensues. Park is killed, then Duh Man, and Paretti saves Scotty's life. Gee Money and Nino meet later, and Gee accuses Nino of forgetting their friendship. Nino regretfully kills him. Scotty and Paretti track him down in his apartment and attack him, Scotty forcing Nino & himself out of a second story window. Scotty beats him up and arrests him at the feet of the old man who'd threatened Nino. While he has Nino pinned to the sidewalk, ready to shoot him to death, he tells him that he knows Nino murdered his mother. Paretti talks Nino down, preventing him from killing the gangster. Nino stands trial and to the astonishment of the courtroom, accuses Kareem of being the head of CMB. He pleads to a lighter sentence, but is killed by the Old Man as he leaves the courtroom. Scotty and Paretti leave, satisfied, and the credits roll after a title card explaining that gangsters like Nino exist in every major city in America and that the crack epidemic will only get worse. 
 White Men Can't Jump (1992)Summaries Black and white basketball hustlers join forces to double their chances of winning money on the street courts and in a basketball tournament. Billy and Sydney think they're the best basketball hustlers in town, so when they join forces, nothing can stop them, except each other. To add to their problems, Billy owes money and is being chased by a pair of gangster types. Rob Hartill It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Blade (1998)651) A half-vampire, half-mortal man becomes a protector of the mortal race, while slaying evil vampires. In a world where vampires walk the earth, Blade has a goal. His goal is to rid the world of all vampire evil. When Blade witnesses a vampire bite Dr. Karen Jenson, he fights away the beast and takes Jenson back to his hideout. Here, alongside Abraham Whistler, Blade attempts to help heal Jenson. The vampire Quinn who was attacked by Blade, reports back to his master Deacon Frost, who is planning a huge surprise for the human population. Film_Fan Imbued with the cursed gift of immortality, the invincible half-human/half-vampire hybrid, Blade, embarks on an endless mission to rid humankind of the blood-suckers that infest the Earth. Suppressing his feral thirst for human blood, the preternatural "Day-walker" crosses paths with the megalomaniac vampire, Deacon Frost, whose ambitious plans threaten to end the world as we know it. Now, Blade and his loyal mentor, Whistler, seem to have met their match. Can they put an end to Deacon's nightmarish scheme? Nick Riganas When Blade's mother was bitten by a vampire during pregnancy, she did not know that she gave her son a special gift while dying: All the good vampire attributes in combination with the best human skills. Blade grew up to be a vampire hunter for revenge on his mother's death. The vampires, who managed to infiltrate nearly every major organization, need Blade's very special blood to summon La Magra, the blood god, in order to reign over the human cattle, as they call us. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Blade, along with his life-long friend Whistler battle vampires. Blade was born of a mother bitten by a vampire, he possesses all their strengths and none of their weaknesses. He is known as the day walker because sunlight does not affect him. With the addition of a new ally, Dr. Karen Jenson, Blade endeavors to prevent the evil Frost from unleashing the blood god upon the world. FMJ_Joker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens in 1967 with a pregnant woman being admitted to a hospital, severely bleeding from the neck. Paramedics think she was attacked by some type of animal. Doctors perform an emergency C-Section, and her baby (a boy) is born alive just as she dies. Thirty years later a young man named Dennis (Kenny Johnson) is riding in a car with an attractive redhead named Racquel (Traci Lords) heading to an underground nightclub (located, oddly, in a slaughterhouse) somewhere in Los Angeles. After addressing the doorman in Russian, Racquel brings the young man into the club. The man is confused and trying to understand the rules of the club. Some of the regulars indifferently push him aside. Saying he needs a drink, the sprinkler suddenly system activates, raining blood down on everyone inside. It is then that he (and the audience) realizes that everyone in the club is a vampire. Dennis desperately tries to get away and winds up at the feet of a menacing figure in a black-leather trenchcoat. The vampires look on this figure with awe, mumbling the words: "it's the Daywalker!" This is our first look at Blade (Wesley Snipes), the vampire killer. Blade pulls out a shotgun and opens fire on the vampires, who instantly burn to ashes when killed. When the gun is knocked out of his hands by Racquel, Blade uses a set of silver stakes to kill Racquel and more vampires, including the disk jockey. Soon all the vamps are either dead or have fled except for one; a heavyset vamp named Quinn (Donal Logue), whom Blade has apparently run into before. Blade pins Quinn to the wall, and then sets him on fire before confronting the last member in the club (the human man from the beginning). Finding no vampire bite marks on Dennis, Blade lets him live and makes his escape as the police arrive. Quinn is extinguished and taken to the local hospital. A morgue technician, Curtis (Tim Guinee) examines his blood and shows the results to Dr. Karen Jenson (N'Bushe Wright), who finds a number of irregularities, including abnormally developed jaw muscles. As they are discussing the test results, Quinn bursts back to life and bites both doctors. Before he can finish Dr. Jenson, Blade shows up and saves her, cutting off one of Quinn's arms. Blade brings Karen, severely weakened and in shock, to his hideout and asks for help from his mentor, an older man named named Whistler (Kris Kristofferson). Whistler injects Dr. Jenson with a solution of garlic essence and silver nitrate and remarks that she has a 50/50 chance of recovering. Meanwhile, a group of vampires are discussing Blade's latest attack on their members. Apparently this club (and to an extent, Quinn) is the property of a vampire named Deacon Frost (Stephen Dorff). Frost wants the vampires to outright rule the humans and use them as a food source while the others (particularly an older vampire named Dragonetti) prefer to maintain a peaceful co-existance. Dragonetti (Udo Kier) in particular does not like Frost because Frost is not a "pure-blood" (ie: was not born a vampire, merely became one through the bite of another). Frost is also arrogant and his & the actions of his followers draw unnecessary attention to the vampire underworld. The next morning, Jenson awakens and wanders into Blade's chamber. She examines the sophisticated sword he carries and finds that the handle is booby-trapped. She then sees Whistler injecting Blade with some type of serum. She tries to run away but Whistler confronts her and tells her that he and Blade are hunting vampires. Karen of course is skeptical, but Whistler goes on to explain the weapons they used to hunt them - vampires are severely allergic to silver & garlic while also being vulnerable to sunlight (ultraviolet rays in particular). Whistler fuels up Blade's car and gives him a new UV flashlight to use when hunting that night. Whistler also gives Karen a type of "vampire mace" (garlic & silver nitrate in a small spray canister). Blade drops Karen off at her apartment and she tries to pack up and get out of town. A police officer, identifying himself as Officer Krieger (Kevin Patrick Walls), arrives and questions her about the events at the hospital last night, as a pretext for trying to attack her. Before he can kill her, Blade returns and subdues the policeman. Blade explains that this officer is a "familiar," (also called a "Renfield" or a "bug-eater") a human slave owned by a vampire. If he completes a series of tasks for a vampire, Krieger will be converted. Blade reveals a tattoo called a "glyph" on the back of the officer's neck and recognizes it as the mark of Deacon Frost. Blade lets Officer Krieger go free in the hopes of tracking him to another vampire club. Blade's hunch pays off and he and Karen arrive at a new underground club and have a confrontation with Pearl (Eric Edwards), a morbidly-obese vampire who works as a record keeper. Pearl confesses that Deacon Frost is researching ancient vampire prophecies... one in particular involving a ritual and a creature named "La Magra." Karen burns Pearl severely with Whistler's giant UV light and Blade steals part of Pearl's hard drive. Blade and Karen move further into the vampire archives and find the giant pages from "The Book of Erebus," the vampire Bible. They are suddenly ambushed by a group of vampires led by Quinn, now healed and having regrown his lost hand. Quinn tortures Blade for information (and for his own amusement) but realizes that Blade has a radio link in his ear. Whistler suddenly arrives (having been listening in the whole time), blowing a hole in the wall and opens fire on the vampires. The three heroes escape through the subway system, and Blade cuts off Quinn's other hand to get away. When he and Karen board a passing subway car, Blade steps back and injects himself with more serum. Karen suspects that Blade is actually a vampire himself, but Blade responds in the negative; he is something completely different. At a vampire club, Officer Krieger arrives where he reports to Frost about Blade and of his new alliance with the doctor, Karen. Frost is angry for letting Blade get away. Frost turns on Krieger, biting his throat and allowing his girlfriend, Mercury (Arly Jover) to join him. Back at the hideout, Whistler explains Blade's history to Karen: Blade was the baby seen in the opening scene; his mother was attacked by a vampire hours before he was born. She died but Blade lived and Whistler found him on the streets, feeding on homeless people. Due to the unique circumstances of his birth, Blade is a hybrid of human and vampire abilities; he can resist garlic and silver, can walk in open sunlight (hence the nickname "Daywalker" given by other vampires) and has enhanced strength and healing abilities just like other vampires, however he also has inherited the vampire's thirst for blood. Whistler developed a serum to curb Blade's cravings, but Blade's body is starting to resist it. Whistler also shares his own history: he was married with children and one night while they were all home, a vampire held Whistler and his family hostage. The vampire killed them all but left Whistler himself alive. Blade also confides in Karen that Whistler is suffering from the middle stages of cancer, but is refusing treatment in order to help in Blade's war against the vampires. Whistler also learns that his attempted cure of Karen was ineffective and that she is growing close to turning into a vampire. Karen refuses to give up, taking a few items from the hospital where she worked to try and find a cure for both her and Blade. The first item she brings (an anti-coagulant formula known as EDTA) is found to have a violent reaction when mixed with vampire blood, so she gives it to Blade for use as a weapon. Meanwhile, Quinn is at Frosts' headquarters, being berated for his second failure. Frost encourages Quinn to go back out and capture Blade alive. Quinn is confused by the order since his boss and all other vampires have been trying to kill Blade for a very long time. Afterward, Frost takes Mercury and his entourage of followers and abducts Dragonetti, taking him to a beach just before sunrise and forcibly ripping out the elder vampire's fangs. Frost's gang shields themselves with sunscreen, black clothing and motorcycle helmets, leaving Dragonetti to burn to death in the sun. Frost confronts the remaining elders of the Vampire Council, asking for 12 people to "volunteer" for his "La Magra" project. While Blade purchases more items for hunting, Whistler and Karen discuss her latest attempt at a cure. Karen is sure that the new formula will work on her, but is unsure what effects it might have on Blade since he was born with vampirism. The stronghold is attacked by Frost's followers and Karen is abducted while Whistler is brutally beaten by the vampires. Blade returns to find Whistler horribly injured and infected by the vampire bites. In an emotional scene, Blade assists Whistler in committing suicide before loading up to raid Frost's stronghold. Blade attacks the Frost compound and kills many of Frosts' followers, even trying the EDTA formula (which makes vampires swell up and explode in a shower of blood). Blade finally reaches the final room of Frost's hideout, where he is confronted by a lone woman who calls him "Eric." It is Blade's mother, reborn as a vampire to serve Frost. Frost ambushes Blade, taking him hostage while revealing that it was he himself who bit Blade's mother while she was pregnant. Blade and Karen are transported to another location, a temple where the ritual of La Magra can be performed. Despondent, Blade asks Karen if she has finished her "miracle cure." Karen says that the cure would presumably rob Blade of his strength and healing powers while neutralizing his thirst, effectively making Blade fully human. Karen and Blade are separated: Karen is dumped into a lower chamber where a berserker vampire has been kept. It is Curtis, who exists as a sort of mindless zombie. Karen battles with him briefly and manages to climb out of the pit. Blade and the 12 members of the Vampire Council are to be used as offerings for Frost's "La Magra" ritual. Blade is put into a large torture device, where most of his blood is extracted for the ritual. The 12 members of the Council are executed and their souls are absorbed by Frost, turning him into La Magra: the Blood God. Karen escapes using the mace previously given to her by Whistler, and frees Blade - now terribly weak. Knowing that there is only one way to get Blade healed in time, Karen requests that Blade feed on some of her blood. Blade resists at first, but finally seeing no other choice, bites Karen. Blade is revived, stronger than ever. Blade's mother suddenly appears and fights Blade, ultimately being stabbed in the heart with a bone. Blade fights his way through the remaining vampire guards, reclaiming his trademark sword and decapitating Quinn to reclaim his sunglasses. Blade then takes on the vampire guards in marital-arts fashion, defeating them all. Mercury attempts to kill Karen who opens fire with a shotgun containing silver buckshot, but Mercury is too fast and knocks the gun out of Karen's hands and easily bests her in hand-to-hand combat. Karen finally kills Mercury by using the garlic mace, spraying Mercury in her mouth just as she is about to bite Karen. Mercury's head explodes in a gory mass of blood and brains. Blade and Frost/La Magra fight, effectively clashing swords. Blade cuts off La Magra's arm and slices him in half, but the Blood God merely regenerates without any effort. La Magra taunts Blade, mentioning the "serum" that Blade is so dependent on. Blade realizes that La Magra is actually referring to the EDTA vials that Blade brought on the hunt. He grabs the packet of vials and throws every one into Frost, who swells up and explodes in a massive shower of blood. Karen and Blade exit the ruins. Blade finally declines the cure, deciding that even with Frost gone there are many other vampires out there and he needs the additional skills. Blade asks Karen to make him a more efficient serum, and she agrees. The movie ends with Blade resuming his hunt for vampires in a Russian-speaking country. 