nm0003764:

 The Beast Within: A Gabriel Knight Mystery (1996 Video Game)Summaries Shortly after moving to Rittersburg to take over duties as the lone "Schattenjager", Gabriel Knight is called by the townsfolk to investigate the killing of a child believed to be caused by a werewolf. Shortly after moving to Rittersburg to take over duties as the lone "Schattenjager", Gabriel Knight is called by the townsfolk to investigate the killing of a child believed to be caused by a werewolf. While Gabriel is away on the case, Grace Nakimura leaves New Orleans for Rittersburgh to conduct research and keep an eye on him. Grace soon learns that Gabriel's case goes back centuries and involves King Ludwig II. Meanwhile, Gabriel's investigation leads him to a small private hunting club, where he believes the culprit may be hiding. The two are pulled deeper into the horrific events, leading Grace out to stop the unrelenting nightmare and Gabriel in a fight for his very own soul. Andrew Kasch <akasch@darkvortex.com> After a terrifying experience with Voodoo in New Orleans, Gabriel Knight decides to move to Rittersberg, Germany where he inherits an old castle from a relative he knew for only a short time. He also holds the title of Schattenjager, or "Shadow Hunter," whose duty is to hunt down the supernatural. One night, while writing his next horror novel, Gabriel is visited by villagers who believe a werewolf murdered a farmer's daughter. Meanwhile, Grace Nakimura tries to join Gabriel in Germany, but investigates the werewolf case by herself. Only when the two uncover a lot of clues and finally meet up will they discover an old curse that, once again, will pull Gabriel Knight into darkness. AMovies2002 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mr. Write (1994)Summaries Aspiring writer (with no talent) gets a job on a TV commercial, falls for an advertising executive. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Fathers (1993 Video Game)44) Gabriel Knight, the owner of a New Orleans, Louisiana bookstore, gets tangled up in the investigation of a series of voodoo-related murders currently plaguing the city. Gabriel Knight (Tim Curry) is the owner of a New Orleans, Louisiana bookstore which specializes in rare books. He's also an aspiring writer, and a series of voodoo-related murders currently plaguing the city may be just the subject for his new book. In the course of researching these murders, he gets tangled up in the investigation. Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> He started out writing a book on voodoo now he's fighting for his soul. Gabriel Knight (Tim Curry) is the last in a long line of Shadow Hunters, those fated to fight the dark forces of the supernatural. Tormented by terrifying nightmares, he must spend every waking moment scouring the side streets and back alleys of New Orleans, Louisiana for the key to his dark past. And when he sleeps, the nightmare begins. Coyote2579 <rogueknights2001@hotmail.com> Gabriel Knight (Tim Curry) is a horror novelist and bookstore owner who has been haunted by nightmares. Hoping to write a bestselling book on voodoo, Gabriel ventures out into New Orleans, Louisiana to do the research he needs. But over the next few days, he gets himself too close to darkness and begins to learn the meaning of his dreams. Once he discovers an old curse of which he is the center, he is no longer an author hunting for ideas, but a tormented man fighting for his soul. AMovies2002 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tales of the City (1993)Summaries The stories of several colorful characters living in San Francisco. This mini-series chronicles the adventures of Mary Ann Singleton, a young secretary from Cleveland who takes a vacation to San Francisco and decides to stay. Set in 1976, before the days of A.I.D.S. and crack, the story depicts the city at the height of its boisterous gay, drug, and disco cultures through the eyes of the innocent heroine. Ernest W. Adams <eadams@ea.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 