nm0005404:

 The Belko Experiment (2016)321) In a twisted social experiment, eighty Americans are locked in their high-rise corporate office in Bogot, Colombia, and ordered by an unknown voice coming from the company's intercom system to participate in a deadly game of kill or be killed. Mike Milch, an employee of Belko Industries, while driving to work is stopped by street vendors selling "lucky" handmade dolls. Barry Norris, also of Belko Industries, arrives at the remote office building in rural Bogot, Colombia, to find unfamiliar security guards turning away the local Colombian staff at the gate. New employee Dany Wilkins reports for her first day on the job and is told that a tracking device is implanted in the base of every Belko employee's skull in case they are kidnapped. This is explained as being common in Colombia due to the high incidences of kidnapping. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bogota, Colombia Mike Milch (John Gallagher, Jr.) is on his way to work while driving down a crowded street. He is approached at his car by a man in town who offers him a figure made from an old corncob. Mike buys one from the man. Mike arrives at his job, Belko Industries. The company COO Barry Norris (Tony Goldwyn) pulls up to find armed guards at the entrance asking to see ID. All the local employees are sent home. As he enters the building, we meet other Belko employees who have been working there for over a year. Mike goes to his girlfriend, Leandra Florez (Adria Arjona), who is in the process of getting divorced. Leandra is constantly harassed by Wendell Dukes (John C. McGinley), who doesn't get she's not interested. There is new employee Dany Wilkins (Melonie Diaz), who is told that the employees all have trackers placed in their heads for the higher-ups to keep an eye on them, due to the high number of kidnappings that occur in Colombia. Dany becomes acquainted with Roberto Jerez (David Del Rio) and Leota Hynek (Gail Bean). Not long into the day, a mysterious voice (Gregg Henry) speaks over the intercom telling the employees that within 8 hours, most of them will be dead. In 30 minutes, they are required to kill two people, or else more will die. The building is then completely sealed off by metal on all the doors and windows. Everybody becomes nervous and tense, while Barry tries to keep everyone calm. People play it off as a sick prank. Maintenance workers Bud Melks (Michael Rooker) and Lonny Crane (David Dastmalchian) try to melt the metal off with the blowtorch, but the metal is apparently too strong for it to have any sort of effect. Dany, Roberto, Leota, and tech guy Keith McClure (Josh Brener) go the roof to find cafeteria worker Marty Espenscheid (Sean Gunn) smoking a joint up there with two of his friends. As they discuss the situation, one of Marty's friends dies when the back of her head explodes. The others freak out, while in the lobby, three more people die with their skulls getting blown out. The other employees panic, thinking someone is shooting at them. Upon further inspection, the employees learn that the trackers in their heads are set to explode. Mike goes into the bathroom to try and cut his out, only for The Voice to speak and order him to stop trying to take it out or they will detonate it on their own. Mike stops at the last second as Leandra begs him to stop. The Voice then states that they are not messing around, and now it is demanded that the employees kill 30 among them within two hours, or 60 will be killed. The employees start to weigh their options, as some of them cannot bring themselves to killing anyone else. Barry, however, is set to make it home to his wife and kids, so he tries to get security guard Evan Smith (James Earl) to give him the keys to the armory. Evan refuses to do so after he just witnessed one of his fellow guards and friend get killed by the explosive. In the basement, Lonny is freaking out as Bud tries to calm him down. Bud gets too close, and Lonny reacts by hitting Bud in the head with a wrench, leaving a huge dent in Bud's head as he dies. Dany, who was hiding, witnesses the whole thing. Lonny tries to stop her from telling anyone and he grabs her. Dany kicks herself back and causes Lonny to back his head into a metal bar, killing him. Mike, Leandra, and Evan split up while Barry, Wendell, and Terry Winters (Owain Yeoman) work together to try and break into the armory with a blowtorch. Evan tries to stop them by pulling out his gun, but he relents and must let them continue. Mike takes Evan's gun and shoots the blowtorch tank before he leaves with Leandra and Evan. The three meet up with Keith, Leota, and Roberto to make signs to hang over the building to call for help. The guards in the hangar spot them and start shooting at them, hitting Keith in his hand. The Voice demands them to stop hanging up signs, or their explosives will go off. Mike and his friends start to head back downstairs, but Mike gets knocked in the head with a fire extinguisher by Barry. In the heat of the moment, Wendell stabs Evan and takes his keys. Evan suffers as he bleeds out. Barry and his guys get the guns out and start ordering people to head into the lobby as they get down to less than 20 minutes before their deadline. They begin to group people according to whether or not they have kids or if they are over the age of 60. Mike is then brought in after he regains consciousness. Barry and Wendell start executing people, and Terry nearly gets to Mike until Dany cuts off the power in the basement. Barry, Wendell, and some of their goons start shooting in the dark while others make it out safely. The Voice speaks over the intercom saying that time is up and they have only killed 29 people. 31 additional people have their heads blown out, including Keith and Leota. Everyone else hides. The Voice speaks again and says the third round of their game will have the employees with the most kills walk out free. So far, Barry and Wendell have the most kills, so they go off to try and up that count by killing everyone they come across. One woman tries to offer her body to Barry for her life. He responds by twisting her neck backwards. Barry gets into an elevator as Dany and Roberto try to make their way up on top. Dany gets off the top but Roberto gets crushed by the elevator, leaving Barry stuck. Dany climbs to the other side to get out. Leandra finds Marty and his friend Chet (Abraham Benrubi) in the cafeteria where numerous bodies are laid out. Marty and Chet dug the bombs out of the heads of those who didn't get their skulls blown out. Wendell shows up and starts shooting. Leandra hides behind a table with Marty and Chet, but those two get shot dead by Wendell. Leandra makes her way over to Wendell and starts swinging an axe down into his face. Mike and Leandra find each other and evade one employee who is flinging Molotov cocktails, and Barry wielding his gun. Barry shoots Dany in the head as she comes out of the elevator. The Molotov guy gets shot too. Unfortunately, so does Leandra. She dies next to Mike before he steps out in a rage and goes after Barry. The two fight until Mike grabs hold of a tape dispenser and starts bashing Barry's head in. Mike is then the sole survivor. The guards come in and pull him out. Mike is brought into the hangar, where he meets The Voice himself, a man whose face is partially scarred. He tells Mike that the experiment was to observe human behavior in this type of experiment. Mike then reveals that he took the bombs that Marty dug out and slipped them onto the guards and The Voice. He runs to the control panel and sets them off, then shoots two other goons. The Voice tries to talk Mike out of it, but he has none of it and shoots The Voice man dead. Mike walks out of the building. The camera pans out to reveal other screens from dozens of other Belko companies where other survivors have completed their own ordeal. Another voice then commences "Phase 2." 
 North Country (2005)431) A fictionalized account of the first major successful sexual harassment case in the United States, Jenson vs. Eveleth Mines, where a woman who endured a range of abuse while working as a miner filed and won the landmark 1984 lawsuit. 1989. Josey Aimes takes her two kids, Sammy and Karen, and leaves her abusive husband Wayne, to return to her northern Minnesota home town. On a chance meeting with her old friend Glory Dodge who works as a driver and union rep at the mine operated by Pearson Taconite and Steel, Josey decides to work at the mine as well, work that is dominated by men in number and in tone. She does so to be able to stand on her own two feet for the first time in her life, something she probably could not have done if she remained in a job washing hair at a beauty salon. Working at the mine does not sit well with her father, Hank Aimes, who also works at the mine and who, like the other male workers, believes she is taking a job away from a man. Hank has believed that all Josey's problems are of her own doing, ever since she, unmarried, had Sammy while she was still in high school. Josey has always stated that she does not know who Sammy's biological father is, which fosters Hank's attitude about her. Among Josey's coworkers is Bobby Sharp, who many believe is Sammy's biological father. Josey's evangelical mother, Alice Aimes, stands by her husband in their general belief of traditional roles of men and women. Josey and her fellow female mine workers are continually harassed, emotionally, physically and sexually by their male counterparts. Every seeming step forward in the issue Josey finds is only a measure to lull the women into a false sense of security, or to make the fall even harder. Unable to withstand the abuse, Josey decides to sue the company for sexual harassment. She does so with the help of Glory and her husband Kyle's friend, Bill White, an ex-New York lawyer who is facing his own emotional demons. They being able to get any corroboration is difficult as all Josey's male coworkers are standing together, and all the women fear retribution by the company and/or their male coworkers after the fact. Even Glory is facing her own issues which prevent her from being that strong union voice. Only a small grain of the truth coming to light may be what Josey and Bill need... Huggo A semi-fictionalized account of a long legal battle of group of women miners who endured a hostile work environment and numerous and continuous insults and unwanted touching when they became the first women to go work at the Eveleth Mines in Minnesota. Linda Miklowitz Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Josey's life leaves much to be desired when we see her waiting by the Christmas tree with her pre-adolescent son and younger daughter, alone in the house. Her husband drives up. And we next see her lying on the floor bloody after hes beaten her. At that point, she wastes no time packing up her stuff into her pick up truck and moving herself and the kids out of there never to return. They move to her parents home in northern Minnesota. This living arrangement is not much better. At the very least, she and the kids are safe from her husband. But the minute her father observes her face, he has to ask her if the husband caught her with another man. He clearly has no respect, whatsoever for his daughter. Her mother, more nurturing (played by Sissy Spacek), encourages her daughter to reconcile with her husband and take him back, without regard for the fact that he is abusive. Neither parent has a clue or any respect for her. Josey works temporarily washing hair in a local salon when she runs into an old acquaintance, Glory (Frances McDormand), who informs her that there are some good paying jobs available to women at the iron mines. Knowing that her father works there, Josey realizes that applying and working there will not go over well with him. But Glory informs her that she would be making as much as he makes. Realizing she doesnt have too many options, that the iron mine job pays 6 times what she makes washing hair, she has kids to feed and she cannot live with her parents forever, her choices are pretty clear. So she goes and applies. Of course, before they can hire her, they have to do a pelvic exam in order to prove that she is not pregnant. She and the kids move in with Glory and her husband after she's applied for the job. Next, we see her and the other women at their orientation. Her supervisor makes it very clear that he does not approve of women doing the type of work that they are hired to do. And he answers the very obvious question of why, in that case, does he hire them in the first place? He clarifies to them that the Supreme Court mandates that the company hires women whether he likes it or not. And given that the guys are forced to let the women work with them, we can clearly see that they are determined to make their working environment unbearable all the while they are there. The first thing that is revealed is the reason why the company requires the pelvic exam for all women before they start. The supervisor all but spells out that it is completely unrelated to any medical protocol. When the women start working, they get introduced to their shift leader who is clearly relishing the opportunity to abuse and sexually harass them. And Josey looks at his face and remembers he is Bobby Sharp, her old high school boyfriend. She also remembers an old teacher she had many years ago who observed the two of them together. When the women start working, they see pictures and profanity with their names written on the walls. The guys talk filthy and intimidate them. And they discover obscene surprises in their lunch boxes and lockers. Josey goes and talks to the supervisor about the unacceptable working conditions. But he clearly states to her that nobody wants her there and nothing is going to change. So what can anybody do? It looks like not many people intend to quit. What other jobs pay enough to live on in a town like that in the 80s? Josey finds herself making enough to get a home loan, buy a house and provide all the stuff that her kids want and need. There is an uphill battle for the company to provide porta-johns for the women. Glory explains to management that it takes women longer to use the bathroom than it does men since they must pull down their overalls and cannot simply whip it out within seconds. And as soon as there is a porta-john for women, a worker named Sherry goes to use it. They guys stand around and inform her that they have taken a big dump in it before she enters. When she goes in, they surround it and tip it back and forth. And they knock it over with her in it. The filth spills all over and she is hurt and very traumatized. But what can she do about it? At that point, Josey is determined to do whatever it takes, including taking a day off work to drive into the city for a formal meeting with the owner, Mr. Pearson. He tells her he will "help" her by arranging for her immediate resignation. But she protests that she does not intend to quit. Hearing that, Pearson concludes in that case, she needs to spend less time stirring up her female co-workers, less time in the beds of her married male co-workers, and more time developing her job performance. These are the accusations that not only the company charges her with. But all over town, rumors go around that shame and disgrace her in front of her kids, parents, friends and co-workers. Her son tells her she is a whore and disrespects her. He is only responding to what he hears about his mother. One day, things get way out of hand at work. The women are all called to clean up a big filthy mess which looks like defecation on the wall. And Bobby calls Josey to do a job for him. She goes with him to a private place and he attacks her. At that point, she announces that she quits. She goes and finds a lawyer she's met through her friends (Woody Harrelson). She tells him she wants to file sexual harassment charges against the company. He tells her that he does not want to get involved in it. Although he is not disputing anything she says, he warns her that she will be ripped apart in the courtroom and they are not likely to win. But he later reconsiders and asks if she can get the other women to corroborate her story so they can file a class action suit. At first nobody wants to help her. Glory, who at that point, is in the hospital, dying from Lou Gehrig's disease and not able to work anywhere anymore, is not about to help her and she demands Josey leave her alone. Josey, then asks Sherry who asks Josey what if they lose? She will have to go back there and face those sons-of-bitches. She knows they can get away with doing whatever they want. The others conclude the same thing, realizing its easy for Josey to make noise since she no longer has to work there. But one night, Josey enters a town meeting with her lawyer. All the guys are sounding off about the false charge shes made against Bobby. The women are also at the meeting and none are arguing. But Josey demands they let her talk. And lo and behold, her father comes to her defense after hearing the way these people are trashing his daughter. And he gets up and announces although he's worked with them for his entire life, he is disgraced by them and very proud of his daughter. Josey and her lawyer start the court hearing even though they are presently alone. Her former co-workers are all present in the courtroom after having been asked to sign affidavits that she is lying. Pearson has hired a woman lawyer who does not hesitate to rip Josey apart, asking her about her sexual history and the fact that nobody else believes what she is alleging happens at the mine. Yet the lawyer has privately warned Pearson that he may not win his case. All it takes is 3 plaintiffs to bring charges against him and new sexual harassment laws will be in effect all over the nation. Throughout most of the trial, nobody speaks up except Josey. The lawyer has even subpoenaed her old teacher with whom she has been accused of having a sexual relationship when she was 16. She realizes the only witness of her involvement with the teacher is Bobby Sharp, since he was her previous classmate, present right before the teacher raped her. Bobby obviously knew what happened yet did nothing. And to this day, he affirms that she was not raped. She chose to have sex with the teacher. But others know better. Josey's father suddenly stands up and goes to physically attack the teacher for raping his daughter. And he gets removed from the courtroom for his outburst. Josey's lawyer finally coerces Bobby into admitting that he had witnessed Josey's rape and had run away as he was too afraid to stand up for her. Josey's lawyer then makes a speech that a courageous person stands up for what is right, even if they are alone, like Josey. At that point, Glory suddenly motions, from her wheelchair, in the back row of the court-room, that she backs Josey. Josey's lawyer reminds the judge that they only need three plaintiffs to file the class action. And they now have two. At that point, Sherry stands up. Then the woman beside her stands. Then we see many people all over the courtroom standing including both men and women at the mines and Josey's parents. Next, we see her life back on track. Her teenage son plays hockey with her lawyer and he wants his rich mom to buy him a car. She reminds him that he is still too young to drive. But when she is driving him home, she decides she will teach him to drive. It looks like she is finally living a life of quality and being respected. 
 The Perfect Storm (2000)431) An unusually intense storm pattern catches some commercial fishermen unaware and puts them in mortal danger. In October 1991, a confluence of weather conditions combined to form a killer storm in the North Atlantic. Caught in the storm was the sword-fishing boat Andrea Gail. Magnificent foreshadowing and anticipation fill this true-life drama while minute details of the fishing boats, their gear and the weather are juxtaposed with the sea adventure. Erwin van Moll <max404@hotmail.com> Billy Tyne is a sword-fishing-boat captain out of Gloucester, highly competitive and stung by a string of poor outings. His crew is hardly back in port when he tells them he's going out again, even though it's October and the weather can turn ugly. Five join him: the young Bobby, newly in love; Murph, a devoted father recently divorced; Sully, a guy Murph despises; Bugsy, who's finally met a woman who likes him; and Alfred, a quiet Jamaican. They catch little, so they sail east, with Tyne ignoring storm warnings behind him. Finally, the fish bite, but the ice machine fails. Should they head home through the storm of the century, or wait it out and lose their catch? Fearful, the women wait. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In September 1991,the swordfishing boat,The Andrea Gail,returns to port in Gloucester,Massachusetts,with a poor catch. Desperate for money,Billy Tyne(The Captain),convinces the crew to join him for one more late season fishing expedition. They head out past their usual fishing grounds,leaving a developing thunderstorm,behind them. Initially unsuccessful,they head to the Flemish Cap,where their luck improves. At the height of their fishing the ice machine breaks;the only way to preserve their catch is to hurry back to shore. After debating whether to sail through the building storm or to wait it out,the crew decide to risk the storm. However,between the Andrea Gail and Gloucester is a confluence of 2 powerful weather fronts and a hurricane,which the crew of Andrea Gail underestimate. After repeated warnings from other ships,the Andrea Gail loses her antenna,forcing a fellow ship to call in a Mayday. An Air National Guard rescue helicopter responds,but after failing to perform a midair refuel,the helicopter crew ditch the aircraft before it crashes,and all but one of the crew members are rescued by a Coast Guard Vessel,The Tamaroa. The Andrea Gail endures various problems;with 40-foot/12 meter waves crashing on to the deck,a broken stabilizer ramming the side of the ship,and two men are thrown overboard. The crew decide to turn around to avoid further damage by the storm. After doing so,the vessel encounters an enormous rogue wave. After attempting and failing to ride over the wave,the stricken fishing vessel capsizes and sinks. Only Bobby Shatford,manages to get out of the boat;however,he has no chance of surviving. He is last seen all alone among the waves. Back at shore a memorial ceremony is carried out while friends and family worry and wait for a ship that never comes home. 
 A Little Princess (1995)431) A young girl is relegated to servitude at a boarding school when her father goes missing and is presumed dead. When her father enlists to fight for the British in WWI, young Sara Crewe goes to New York to attend the same boarding school her late mother attended. She soon clashes with the severe headmistress, Miss Minchin, who attempts to stifle Sara's creativity and sense of self-worth. Sara's belief that "every girl's a princess" is tested to the limit, however, when word comes that her father was killed in action and his estate has been seized by the British government. James Meek <james@oz.net> A privileged, free-spirited young girl tries to adapt to life in a strict boarding school in this charming, critically acclaimed children's fantasy. Adapting a novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett, also the author of The Secret Garden, the film shifts the story's setting to World War I. 10 year-old Sara Crewe (Liesel Matthews) has been left in a respected New York City boarding school while her British father heads overseas to fight. Filled with wild stories and a playful attitude, the unconventional Sara becomes popular with her classmates but quickly comes into conflict with the harsh headmistress, Miss Minchin (Eleanor Bron), who attempts to quash the child's individuality. The young girl's situation takes a serious turn for the worse when she unexpectedly receives word of her father's death, and, suddenly impoverished, is forced into life as a servant. Treated as a lesser class of person by her former companions, Sara instead befriends her fellow servants and turns to the power of imagination in order to maintain hope for the future. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1914, young Sara Crewe (Liesel Matthews) lives in India with her wealthy widowed father, Ralph Crewe (Liam Cunningham), a captain in the British Army. Immersed in Indian culture, Sara absorbs the many stories and folktales she hears from a local woman, Maya (Pushpa Rawal), from whom she adopts the mantra "all women are princesses." Her circumstances change abruptly with the onset of World War I, which requires Captain Crewe to return to the army barracks. He enrolls Sara at her late mother's girlhood boarding school, Miss Minchin's School for Girls, in New York City. As they sail for America, Sara dreads her impending separation from her beloved father, but is reminded of his devotion when he presents her with a heart-shaped locket which he had given to Sara's mother when they married. The locket contains photographs of Sara's parents, and it instantly becomes her most treasured possession. After arriving in bustling New York, Captain Crewe takes Sara to her new school. They are greeted by the warm and cheerful Amelia Minchin (Rusty Schwimmer), the younger sister of the school's headmistress and director, Miss Maria Minchin (Eleanor Bron). The senior Minchin, whose demeanor is in sharp contrast to Amelia's, greets the Crewes with honeyed mannerisms clearly influenced by Captain Crewe's wealth. Captain Crewe had spared no expense in ensuring his daughter's comfort. He secured the school's largest bedroom suite for Sara, had her beautiful clothes and toys shipped over from India, and promised large monthly payments to cover any excess utilities. Miss Minchin gives them a tour of the facilities and introduces Sara to the other pupils during their French lesson. Miss Minchin notices the locket around Sara's neck and attempts, rather sharply, to remove it, asserting that jewelry is against school rules. Sara, however, insists on keeping it, respectfully promising to only wear it in her room during personal time. To say their goodbyes before Captain Crewe's ship departs, Sara and her father are shown into Sara's splendid suite, which is fully prepared and decorated with treasures from India. Captain Crewe presents Sara with a new doll, Emily, whom he says possesses the magical power to act as messenger between them while he is away. He encourages her to believe in magic, for it must be believed to be real. Sara tearfully watches her father's carriage disappear down the road as she sits in her window, cradling Emily. Sara's first morning at school does not go smoothly. Not being used to adhering to a schedule, she is late for breakfast and is distracted when she sees her mother's photograph on the wall with other alumni. Miss Minchin, already viewing Sara as spoiled and overindulged, dislikes her further when Monsieur Dufarge (Lomax Study), the French teacher, praises Sara's fluent grasp of the language while still despairing of Miss Minchin's accent and pronunciation. Sara is chided for "talking at the table" after thanking the servant girl, Becky (Vanessa Lee Chester), for serving her porridge. Later, in a letter to her father, Sara writes that the school rules are strange to her, but she will endeavor to obey them. Once the enigma of the wealthy new classmate wears off, the other girls begin to approach Sara. A haughty older girl, Lavinia (Taylor Fry), makes no secret of her disdain for Sara's kind nature and passion for storytelling, but the other girls are entranced by Sara's mental library of Indian sagas. Sara forms a close bond with Ermengarde (Heather DeLoach), a bespectacled misfit who endures harsh treatment from both Miss Minchin and Lavinia. Sara's stories and natural empathy give her the ability to calm Lottie (Kelsey Mulrooney), the youngest pupil, who is prone to loud and frequent tantrums. Amelia Minchin, who was always charged by her sister to handle Lottie's fits, had always been unsuccessful in her attempts, and is immensely relieved that Sara is so effective. Sara is curious about the servant girl, Becky, to whom the students are expressly forbidden to speak. While the other girls seem to grasp that Becky's being African American "means something" in their society, Sara, having grown up away from American culture, sees no logical reason to avoid Becky. She sneaks up to the attic, where Becky sleeps in pitiful conditions, and witnesses Becky icing her bruised and blistered feet. Becky notices Sara and, startled, tells her they will both be in trouble if Sara comes to the attic again. Sara, saddened by Becky's situation, later leaves her a gift of splendid fur-trimmed slippers and a note of friendship. It soon becomes habit for most of the girls to sneak into Sara's room at night to listen to her stories. She had been telling them, in installments, the saga of Princess Sita, her husband Prince Rama, and the evil ten-headed demon who kept them apart. The girls know it is against the rules to leave their rooms at night, and Miss Minchin's dislike for Sara's imaginative worldview is now obvious to all the pupils, so Sara encourages them to be quiet during the stories and to leave if there is danger of being found out. The absence of her father is still weighing heavily on Sara, who clings to her doll, Emily, for comfort. She and Ermengarde both feel dejected when parents of the other pupils come to visit the school. Ermengarde's father had virtually abandoned her at school, attempting to force her to adapt to an environment that was damaging to her happiness and self-esteem. Sara attempts to cheer her up, but is saddened to watch the sea of happy mothers and fathers reunited with their daughters. With a flash of hope, Sara sees a man in military uniform and follows him outside, but her spirits are dashed when she sees he is not Captain Crewe. To celebrate Sara's birthday, as per Captain Crewe's instructions, no expense was to be spared. The girls enjoy a lavish cake, and dance in the parlor while Amelia and Ermengarde play a cheerful rag on the piano. Amid the festivities, Miss Minchin receives an unexpected visit from Captain Crewe's solicitor, Mr. Barrow (Vincent Schiavelli), who informs her in private that Captain Crewe is unaccounted for and presumed dead. As such, the British government has seized his fortune and will allow no more payments to Miss Minchin for Sara's care. As she had been expecting a rather large payment for the current month, Miss Minchin is furious and abruptly stops the birthday party, sending all the girls to their rooms except Sara. With little effort at sympathy, Miss Minchin tells Sara that her father is dead, that she has no family nor money, and she must now forfeit all her valuable belongings to Miss Minchin to cover the unpaid debt. In addition, Sara is demoted from student to servant, and is sent to the attic with a drab black frock, one book, a candle, and Emily, the one luxurious possession she was permitted to keep. Miss Minchin snatches the locket from Sara's neck, threatens to have her arrested if she withholds another valuable, and leaves her alone in the leaky attic. Sara, who had been in a horrified daze since she had heard the news, finally breaks down and weeps for the loss of her father. Sara's new life beings at five o' clock every morning, when she reports to the kitchen to help the cook with breakfast. She now serves porridge to her former classmates, whom Miss Minchin has forbidden any communication with. Ermengarde, Lottie, and her other friends are clearly distressed by Sara's plight. Sara and Becky become close friends and visit with each other through a broken plank in the shared wall of their attic rooms. Becky encourages Sara to continue telling her stories and believing in magic, but Sara is too depressed to embrace her former optimism and imagination. In the large townhouse next door to the school lives Mr. Randolph (Arthur Malet), a wealthy, elderly, wheelchair-bound man whose son, John, recently left to fight in the army. Mr. Randolph's manservant is an imposing Indian gentleman called Ram Dass (Errol Sitahal), who is constantly accompanied by a playful pet monkey. While shopping for groceries in the market square, Sara witnesses two army officers deliver the news of John's disappearance to Mr. Randolph, who is led inside weeping by Ram Dass. During her next market trip, Sara is handed a coin by a kindly boy, whose mother immediately scolds him for giving his money to a "beggar." Sara uses the coin to buy herself a bun from the bakery, but before consuming it, she sees a shabbily-dressed woman with three young children attempting to sell flowers on the street. Sara gives her treat to one of the children, and their mother insists she have a flower in return, calling her a "princess" for her action. Feeling much sympathy for Mr. Randolph's situation, Sara threads the yellow rose through the handles of the old man's front door. With the aid of Becky's friendship, Sara begins to reclaim fragments of her former positive perspective, and even enjoys herself when the two girls play a vengeful prank on Miss Minchin after witnessing her be cruel to a young chimney sweep. She also develops a cordial relationship with Amelia, who confides in Sara her displeasure with her job and her sister's treatment of her. Sara coyly encourages Amelia to pursue a future with Francis (Time Winters), the milkman, with whom Amelia had been awkwardly flirting for some time. Meanwhile, Mr. Randolph is taken to an army hospital and asked to identify an anonymous injured soldier, whom the doctors thought might be the old man's missing son. The soldier, wearing bandages around his eyes and afflicted with memory loss, is not John Randolph, but Ram Dass persuades Mr. Randolph to take the man into his home to recuperate, reasoning that the stranger might know what happened to John. Ram Dass has also taken notice of the miserable conditions of Sara and Becky, as his room at the Randolph house is adjacent to their attic quarters. He and Sara form something of a silent friendship from their respective windows. Sara's friends concoct a daring scheme to retrieve Sara's locket from Miss Minchin's office. When Miss Minchin departs on an errand, Lottie throws a false tantrum to distract Amelia. Ermengarde and a few others sneak into the deserted office and quietly search for the locket, which is soon found in a desk drawer. To their horror, Miss Minchin returns early to fetch a forgotten glove, and the girls are nearly caught in the act. Fortunately, Becky distracts Miss Minchin long enough for the girls to escape to safety. That night, Sara's friends make a risky journey to the attic to return the locket to Sara, who is touched and deeply grateful. Their reunion is halted by the arrival of Miss Minchin, who furiously sends the pupils to their rooms before descending on Sara and Becky. Though Sara hides the locket before Miss Minchin can notice it, the fact that she had been caught interacting with school pupils results in harsh punishment. Miss Minchin tells Sara that for the entirety of the next day, Becky will be locked in her attic room while Sara performs both of their workloads, and neither of them will receive any food. She attempts to break Sara's spirit further by taunting Sara's resilient "princess" outlook, but Sara stands firm in her beliefs. Miss Minchin threatens to throw Sara out if she is found with any of the girls again, and storms out in tears of rage. Becky is miserable, seeing no hope for herself or Sara, as they await their punishments. Sara resorts to her imagination, suggesting that they eat an imaginary feast that night to stave off the next day's hunger. Becky eventually is persuaded, and the girls imagine themselves beautifully dressed and enjoying their favorite foods. Ram Dass witnesses their plight from the Randolph house. In the morning, Sara awakens to a miraculous sight: the attic is decked out for a banquet, with luxurious robes waiting for her and Becky, and a table laden with a magnificent breakfast. Ram Dass, through unknown and possibly mystical means, had granted the girls' wish. Fortified by her fantastic morning, Sara is able to endure the double workload that day. After sunset, Amelia sneaks out of a window and happily runs away with Francis the milkman. Miss Minchin, unaware of her sister's departure, finally notices the absence of Sara's locket in her desk drawer and immediately goes to the attic to confront the girl. Miss Minchin is shocked by Ram Dass's fine gifts, and accuses Sara of stealing them as well as the locket. Sara asserts her innocence, but still refuses to incriminate her friends. Miss Minchin furiously informs Sara that she is going to be arrested for theft, locks her and Becky in the attic again, and leaves to call the police. With a violent thunderstorm raging outside, Sara and Becky formulate a hasty and dangerous escape plan. They use a long, narrow wooden plank as a bridge between their attic window and the ledge of the Randolph house next door. Sara, terrified but determined, promises to return for Becky, and begins to make her way across. The beam is unsteady and made slippery from the relentless rain, and Sara is several floors above street level. Just as Sara reaches the opposite ledge, Miss Minchin arrives in the attic with the police, all of whom are frozen momentarily by the sight of Sara's escape. Miss Minchin orders the police to stop her, and Sara loses her balance, nearly falling to her death. She dangles from the ledge and manages to claw her way to safety, entering the upstairs window. Miss Minchin tells the police to go next door and find her, and to take Becky as well. Sara, drenched and shaken, wanders through Mr. Randolph's house. She is startled when she encounters a man alone in the drawing room, his eyes and upper face obscured by bandages. He senses her presence, and asks her name. Sara realizes with astonishment that this is her father, very much alive and safe. She rushes to embrace him, but though he is clearly affected by her emotion, he does not remember her. Sara desperately tries to awaken his memories, and grows more panicked as the police and Miss Minchin arrive at the front door. They demand entrance from Mr. Randolph, explaining that there is a runaway child in his house. Amid the chaos, Ram Dass stands silently by as policemen drag Sara, screaming, away from her father. As Sara is being taken to a waiting police vehicle, Ram Dass influences Captain Crewe to remove his bandages and see again. Captain Crewe's mind miraculously clears and he races to the street, shouting his daughter's name. Sara breaks free from the police and leaps into her father's arms as they both weep with joy. Ram Dass looks on, chuckling knowingly. On a sunny morning soon afterward, Ermengarde, Lottie, and the rest of the girls congregate on the school's front steps to bid farewell to Sara and Becky, who are returning to India to live with Captain Crewe. Sara leaves her doll, Emily, with her friends to act as messenger between them. After hugging Ermengarde, Sara is approached by Lavinia, who, to everyone's great surprise, embraces Sara with a genuine smile. The girls wave goodbye as Captain Crewe, Sara, and Becky depart in a carriage. Miss Minchin is removed from her lofty position at the school, and is reduced to working as an assistant to the young chimney sweep she had previously mistreated. 