nm0009697:

 Wild District (2018 )Summaries Jhon Jeiver, a lethal guerrilla fighter who escapes from the jungle after the signing and referendum of the Colombian Peace Agreements, arrives in Bogot escaping from his past, and tries to reinsert himself into society. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Nuevo rico, nuevo pobre (2007 )Summaries Brian and Andrs are separated at birth with different families. Andrs grows up in a rich family as a pedantic man. Brian grows up in a poor family as a carefree man. As adults, they are taken to their respective families, thus changing their lives, while disputing Rosmery's love. Diego It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Loving Gloria (2005 )Summaries What happens when twin souls finally meet? Love arises - And troubles, too - Since happiness is never complete, things between "the prince and the plebeian woman" get complicated and after five years together, it seems the time has come to say goodbye. This story begins by the end: the day when Esteban and Gloria meet in courthouse to put an end to their marriage and separate for good. Apparently, the mysterious incident they were both involved in the previous New Year's Eve was the last straw and they decided to bring their love story to a close. Just one thing could save it from dying, and that is to remember how it was born. While telling the judge the reasons for their divorce, Gloria and Esteban will retrace their steps to evoke the story of their relationship: the day they met, when she was trying to sell him a vacuum cleaner; their first date; their first kiss; the first time they made love, lost in a virgin forest; their first fight and the moment they made it up; and how they had to fight all those people that tried to split them up, like Sol Amaya, the wicked woman who wished to keep Esteban, and Boris Garrido, the dangerous, crazy man who was obsessed with Gloria and had sworn to marry her, whether she liked it or not. When the legal process finishes, Gloria and Esteban will have to choose whether they want to be together or not. They will have to put the strength of their love to the test and find a way to forgive each other and try to save their great love. Will the memories of their deep love be able to save what seems to be lost? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 La Ley del Corazn (20162019)Summaries The series takes place in a successful law firm specialized in family law, dedicated to cases of separation and in general to family conflicts and couple. Pablo Domnguez, a partner lawyer at the firm Cabal-Ortega-Domnguez and associates, is going through a difficult situation in his life when separating from his wife Jimena. Suddenly, the lawyer meets his colleague Julia Escalln, who is about to marry Camilo Borrero, but the fate will give an unexpected turn in the life of the woman on the day of their marriage and by things of the Life, will end up very close to Pablo and facing him in the courts. Erika Henao It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 