nm0003379:

 50 First Dates (2004)541) Henry Roth is a man afraid of commitment until he meets the beautiful Lucy. They hit it off and Henry think he's finally found the girl of his dreams until discovering she has short-term memory loss and forgets him the next day. Henry Roth lives in a Hawaiian paradise with the company of endless women with no strings attached. This is until he meets Lucy Whitmore. Both Henry and Lucy enjoy the company of each other and feel the start of a serious relationship occurring. Approaching Lucy the next day, Henry is confused when Lucy fails to recognize him. This is the moment Henry discovers that Lucy actually suffers from short term memory loss and can't remember each individual day. Henry won't let this stop him and is prepared to make her fall in love with him all over again, each and every day. FilmFanUk Imagine having to win over the girl of your dreams...every single day. That's the dilemma that playboy Honolulu veterinarian Henry Roth faces when after a multitude of one-night stands, he decides to settle down after a chance meeting with local artist Lucy Whitmore. Unfortunately for him, Lucy has short-term memory loss stemming from a car accident that happened a year earlier on her father Marlin's birthday; consequently, she can't remember anything that happened the day before, so each day, Henry must attempt to win her heart again. Additionally, Lucy's friends and family, including her older brother Doug, are very protective, so Henry must do everything possible to convince them that he's doing it for all the right reasons. asbwtw Henry Roth is a veterinarian living in Hawaii who enjoys the company of vacationing women. He leaves the playboy life behind after he falls for Lucy, who suffers from short-term memory loss. Since she can never remember meeting him, Henry has to romance Lucy every single day and hope that she falls for him. IMDb Editors Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Henry Roth (Adam Sandler) is a wildlife veterinarian in Hawaii, who meets Lucy Whitmore (Drew Barrymore) a woman who has a short-term memory loss from an auto accident a year earlier. Henry is a ladies man on the island who has been breaking the hearts of female tourists for years. Henry meets Lucy at a local cafe and takes her out on a date. Henry falls in love with Lucy, but there is one problem when she awakens in the morning, she can't remember him or anything that happened that day. Henry must devise a plan to meet Lucy everyday and try to get her to fall in love with him again and again. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 S.W.A.T. (2003)761) An imprisoned drug kingpin offers a huge cash reward to anyone that can break him out of police custody, and only the L.A.P.D.'s Special Weapons and Tactics team can prevent it. Based off of a one time T.V. show, two Los Angeles S.W.A.T. officers Jim Street and Brian Gamble were sent in to foil an extremely violent bank robbery. Although they thwarted the robbery, they shot a hostage in the process. Street was suspended from S.W.A.T. while Gamble was fired altogether. After 6 months, a veteran S.W.A.T. officer, Daniel Harrelson or "Hondo", is told to assemble a S.W.A.T. team for his division. He chooses other S.W.A.T. officers as well as 3 rookies. However, after they pass the S.W.A.T. training, they receive a message that a French crime boss, known as Alex Montell is trying to escape from prison. This will not be easy to prevent, especially after Montell promises $100 Million to his rescuers. John Wiggins The Special Weapons and Tactical division of the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) is the most honored and respected unit in the entire world. When two cops, Officers Jim Street and Brian Gamble foil a bank robbery holdup by shooting a female hostage, the two are kicked out of SWAT, stashing them into the "gun cage". Six months later, Street's ex-friend Gamble is gone, and so is his future until one day an cop arrives to give Street a second chance at redemption by putting him back on SWAT. That man is veteran Sergeant Dan 'Hondo' Harrelson, an Old School boss cop who think second chances are just a-OK. Now Hondo, Street, and the new SWAT team consisting of: Michael Boxer, T.J. McCabe, Deacon 'Deke' Kaye, and a female cop, Christina 'Chris' Sanchez, has a big mission: escorting Alex Montel, a international fugitive and serial killer to a federal prison in the California desert, but problems get in the way along the way including two fake cops breaking the detainee out, offering $100 Million on live TV to street gangs who can get Montel out, and worse, Gamble and McCabe getting him to safety. Can the SWAT team take down Montel and can Street finish the score with Gamble? Christopher Howell (Ckh87520@aol.com) Jim Street is a former S.W.A.T. team member, who along with his partner Brian Gamble, is thrown off the team in the aftermath of a controversial decision they made during a robbery/hostage standoff. Gamble quits the force in disgust, but for Street, being a policeman is his life and he agrees to a demotion, hoping to someday have the chance to redeem himself and once again wear the privileged S.W.A.T. uniform. He gets that chance when team commander Dan "Hondo" Harrelson is assigned to recruit and train five top-notch officers for a new Special Weapons and Tactics unit. After weeks of rigorous physical training, the new team is immediately thrown into action when a notorious drug lord, offers a $100 million bounty to anyone who can free him from police custody. As they escort the kingpin out of Los Angeles into the hands of the Feds, the S.W.A.T. team is pursued by a ruthless and well-armed band of mercenaries. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} S.W.A.T. officer Jim Street who along with his partner, Gamble chose not follow orders of holding their position and saved a hostage but the hostage was injured. The unit Captain who's more concerned about how this affects him, politically, wants to make them sacrificial lambs. But instead has them reassigned to the gun cage. The Captain knows that Gamble was the one who decided to do it and offers Street the opportunity to say so in exchange for being placed back on S.W.A.T. but Street refuses. However Gamble and some other cops think that Street talked which makes him a pariah. Gamble leaves the department. Nearly a year later Hondo Harrelson, a team leader who doesn't get along with the Captain neither is brought back to form a new unit. He chooses some present S.W.A.T. members McCabe and Boxer and recruits patrolmen Deacon Kay and Chris Sanchez, who has been trying to get on S.W.A.T. but the Captain won't let her. And he chooses Street. After training, they get a major job, getting a Crime Lord to prison but he has offered a 100 million dollars to anyone who can bust him out. rcs0411@yahoo.com An arrested drug kingpin is transported by a Los Angeles Police Department SWAT team out of the city and into federal custody. Plans go awry when the kingpin offers $100 million to anyone who can free him. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Los Angeles Police Department officers engaged in a violent shootout with four masked bank robbers who have held up a bank in Lincoln Heights. Two of the robbers are in the bank holding hostages, while the other two are engaging the cops with AK-47 automatic riffles and full body armors. Being only armed with pistols, the police are hopelessly outmatched. With all other weaponry failing, the officers on scene call for the Special Weapons And Tactics (SWAT) unit. The SWAT unit arrives - some via helicopter, and others with a SWAT truck. From the helicopter, hotshot SWAT officers Jim Street (Colin Farrell) and Brian Gamble (Jeremy Renner) rappel down with two other men onto the roof of the bank and tunnel their way down to the storeroom next to the main lobby. A couple of SWAT snipers are deployed to the roof of a building across the street, and a third team approaches from the ground. While Street and Gamble are entering the bank, one of the two gunmen outside tries to flee in a getaway car but is promptly taken out by a sniper with a single round to the head. The other gunman continues to engage the police but is taken out by the ground unit. As the two remaining robbers inside are starting to panic, the ground unit sends a secure phone and a SWAT negotiator attempts to negotiate the release of hostages. As the negotiator deals with the robbers, SWAT Lieutenant Greg Velasquez (Reg B. Cathey) calls for his team inside the bank to hold and stay where they are. Gamble ignores the order and drops into the storeroom anyway while Street is forced to follow him. Gamble then sneaks into the back of the main lobby and gets in position to shoot down the robbers, all the while ignoring several calls from his Lieutenant. One of the hostage takers, getting more and more nervous, collars a woman, puts a pistol to her head and prepares to execute her. With seconds to make a decision, Gamble shoots the robber down through the woman's shoulder, wounding her in the process but effectively killing the robber. The last gunman is then taken out by Street and the standoff is over. Street attends to the woman and calls for an ambulance. Gamble asks him if she will be okay, to which Street impatiently replies he is not a doctor, implying he is mad at Gamble. Back at their precinct, Captain Thomas Fuller (Larry Poindexter) is furious at Street and Gamble for their reckless actions in the bank, especially since the hostage they wounded is now suing the LAPD for negligence. Fuller orders them off the SWAT division but Lt. Velasquez intervenes and asks that, while off the team, they remain in the division so they can eventually get a chance to get their jobs back. Fuller agrees and relegates them to "cage duty", a degrading position involving the maintenance and distribution of weapons and accessories to other officers. Gamble is insulted and tells Fuller off making it worse for himself. He then storms off in anger. When Street hesitates, Fuller has a private conversation with him where he offers him a chance to get back on the team right away if Street agrees to rat out Gamble for recklessness. While Gamble is packing his bag, having decided to quit, he and Street get into an argument when Street reveals he agrees with Fuller that Gamble was reckless out there and refuses to follow his partner in quitting. Gamble assumes Street ratted him out and shoves his now former partner's head into a mirror before leaving. Six months later, Street is unreasonably exercising out on the beach one morning before work. He is still in the gun cage, performing menial tasks for other police officers and still waiting for a chance to get back on the field. One day, veteran Sgt. Daniel "Hondo" Harrelson (Samuel L. Jackson) comes to the precinct and asks Street to fix his customized M-4 rifle. Street notes the custom job and is impressed. Hondo meets with Velasquez. In the wake of a number of scathing articles criticizing the LAPD, the chief of police wants to reform the department. Velasquez wants Hondo to form a new SWAT unit for him to command. Velasquez offers Hondo two of his own officers- T.J. McCabe (Josh Charles) and Michael Boxer (Brian Van Holt). Hondo accepts them and decides to pick out three more candidates from the personnel files. Only problem is, Captain Fuller will have the final say on who goes into this new unit. Street works diligently on Hondo's weapon and then goes home that day to find his girlfriend trying to move out of their apartment before he comes back. She claims things between them are not good anymore and Street hasn't been the same since he was taken off the SWAT team. She tries to kiss him one last time but he denies her and lets her leave without arguing. During his time in the cage, Street has invented a new piece of equipment that he plans to patent to law enforcement elsewhere: a gigantic hook and chain designed to take down walls or barricades and end hostile standoffs, which he calls the "Key to the City". As he's explaining his invention to his gun cage partner Gus (James DuMont), Hondo comes in and appreciates Street's idea. He came in to collect his weapon and is impressed by Street's work on it, noting several improvements. Later on, Hondo takes some of the officers out for target practice on the firing range. The showy T.J manages to out-shoot Hondo, but Hondo bets $200 that Street, who's testing weapons on his own, can beat McCabe. T.J, not feeling threatened by a "gun bunny", agrees to the challenge. They face off, and Street ends up victorious to everyone's surprise except Hondo. Meanwhile, a French mobster, Alex Montel (Oliver Martinez) arrives at Los Angeles International Airport and heads out into the city. He intends to visit his uncle's favorite restaurant, purportedly as a birthday surprise, but in reality, it's because he knows his uncle has been stealing money from the family for some time. Alex thus slits his uncle's throat and leaves the restaurant, but is soon pulled over by motorcycle cops for a broken taillight. Since the car Alex is driving belongs to his uncle and there is an arrest warrant out for him, the officers detain Alex for questioning and verification of his identity. Even attempts to use bribery aren't able to spring him out. Hondo recruits Street as his driver for the day in order to go on a SWAT team recruitment run. While in the car, Hondo reveals he was a marine and a combat trainer before while Street was a Navy Seal, although he refuses to divulge what was his specialty. They first investigate an officer named Deacon "Deke" Kay (LL Cool J), who is found in the middle of a foot pursuit with a suspect. Hondo and Street intervene and end the pursuit, angering Deke who wanted to do it alone. But he soon soften up when Hondo reveals he's from SWAT and offers Deke to study at "SWAT school." They then visit another candidate who makes a bad first impression on Hondo by being a vegetarian and being too polite and too much of a stickler to last long in Hondo's unit. They then move on to a Metro police officer named Chris Sanchez, who has apparently applied and qualified several times for SWAT but keeps getting turned down. Street notes that Sanchez has several misconduct grievances from suspects filed with Internal Affairs. They locate officer Sanchez at a local ER. They find Sanchez's partner keeping watch over a Latino thug who's in a wheelchair with multiple bruises on his face. Hondo asks if Sanchez did this on his own which his partner confirms that he did. Hondo then meets with Sanchez and finds out that "Chris" is actually short for "Christina" (Michelle Rodriguez). Hondo realizes that Fuller has likely kept Sanchez off the SWAT roster because she's a woman and simply has used the misconduct complaints as an excuse to do so. Sanchez tells Hondo that most of the charges against her have been filed because resisting violent male perps couldn't deal with the fact that they were manhandled by a woman. Hondo likes her right away and decides to offer her a position on his team. Upon returning to headquarters, Street asks Hondo if he's planning on toying with him for another day or he's actually gonna tell him why he took him on this recruitment run. Hondo asks Street if he wants to fill the last spot on the team. Street is hesitant, knowing that Fuller is very unlikely to approve him given the incident with Gamble. Street also confirms that he did not roll over on Gamble. Hondo confirms he wants Street on his team. When Hondo meets with Fuller, Fuller rejects both Sanchez and Street, but Hondo refuses to back down. Fuller makes a compromise- he will accept the group as is for now, but should they fail the preliminary trials needed for SWAT, then Sanchez goes back to her Subway routine and Street and Hondo will both be taken off the force. Hondo agrees, confident his new team is up for the challenge. Training begins shortly thereafter. The new squad members get to know each other, and it's revealed that Street's girlfriend who dumped him earlier was actually Boxer's sister who assumes Street did her wrong, so there is some friction between them. Hondo puts the group through several tests- including infiltration, armor, weapons, physical conditioning and long-range shooting. Despite some initial difficulties, they are soon performing admirably. The team also shows exceptional marksmanship skill in a sniper session involving playing cards used as targets. Before long, the time has come for the team's final evaluation: a simulated hostage situation set up by Fuller. The team will have to infiltrate an airplane taken over by "terrorists" played by fellow officers armed with paintball guns. They will have to take back control of the aircraft and take out all six hijackers within eight minutes. While looking over the plane's schematics, Street notes that there is an alternative entry point to the plane that no one will expect: a tiny elevator shaft meant for food trays which no man could fit in but their team actually have what no other team have: Sanchez, who jumps at the chance to break Fuller's heart. They sneak onto the plane and take out all six hijackers, although T.J takes a hit that would've been fatal had it been real. Despite this, the new team sets a new course record, much to Fuller's annoyance. That night, the group celebrates by eating at a cafe owned by Deke's father. Hondo congratulates them, but also admits that he is not too happy that T. J. probably wouldn't have survived if they had been in a real situation. After a few hours of eating and drinking, most of the group heads home save for Sanchez and Street who wants to keep the party going a little longer. Sanchez follows Street to his favorite bar and shares a few more drinks with him but they are interrupted by Street's ex-partner Gamble who happens to be at the bar that night. The two have a passive aggressive exchange until Gamble decides to leave. Street tries to make a pass at Sanchez who turns him down but then invites him to her daughter's birthday party taking place the next day. Since the next day is Sunday and their training is over, the new SWAT team are all enjoying a well earned day off. T.J. is on a date, Hondo and Velasquez go out golfing, Deke is spending the day with his kids, Boxer is at home with his wife watching TV (Ironically watching the 1970's program that inspired this movie), and Street took Sanchez up on her offer and is now entertaining the kids at Eliza's birthday party, stalking them playfully with a Super-Soaker water rifle. Suddenly, everyone is recalled by pager to a "Polish hostage" situation, where a man has barricaded himself in his house and is randomly firing a shotgun out the window. The man also claims to have wired all the entrances with explosives which no one believes but Velasquez refuses to take that chance. Street volunteers his "key to the city" which they use to tear down the back wall of the house and neutralize the suspect, ending the standoff in seconds. At the sheriff's department, a deputy finds some details pertaining to Alex Montel's true identity. Velasquez is notified and asks Hondo's unit to intercept and escort the prison bus carrying Montel. But Montel's gang has also learned about the transfer. Two of Alex's men disguise themselves as police officers and use a stolen police car to pull the bus over. They then climb onto the bus and shoot the deputies, before unshackling Alex. As they're about to drive off, Hondo's team arrives and engages them in a shootout. The shootout is quick, but at the end, both fake cops are killed and Alex is captured. Montel, as it turns out, is an international fugitive wanted in over a dozen countries on charges including murder, arms dealing & drug trafficking. As he is being led to a holding cell, he faces a TV camera and offers $100 million as a reward for anyone who can break him out of jail. The newscast of every channel repeat the claim over and over and confirm that Montel has the financial means to backup his claim, attracting the attention of every outlaws in Los Angeles. Hondo's team is flustered by Montel's offer, knowing it will make their job that much more difficult when anyone on the street will engage them to rescue Montel for the money. Hondo's unit is preparing to evacuate Montel via helicopter when the chopper is shot down by an unseen sniper. They take Montel back inside and form a new plan- to lead the fugitive away via a motorcade. Gang members hoping to cash in on Montel's offer attack the vehicles, killing a motorcycle cop and injuring two other officers in the process. But the vehicles turn out to be a decoy, and Alex is being led down a private access area underground into some unmarked SUV's parked several blocks away from the headquarters while Velasquez is keeping watch from the sky. Hondo's plan runs smoothly up until halfway through the second checkpoint where T.J. stops the car and points his gun at his own team, having decided to take Montel up on his offer. As Street and Boxer attempts to reason with him, T.J is suddenly joined by Gamble who shoots Boxer down and reveals himself as the mastermind behind the operation to break out Montel. They take Montel and flee into the Metro. As paramedics arrive to treat Boxer, Hondo and Street chase Gamble's group into the subway station while Deke and Sachez hurry to the next station. Hondo and Street miss the train while further down the line, Deke and Sanchez report that the train never made it to the next station. Both teams head down their respective end of the tunnel to investigate. They soon find the train abandoned midway through the tunnel with Gamble and his men all gone. The driver points them to a storm drain opening further down the track which the team enter, getting cut off from their police frequency at this point. Meanwhile, Fuller finds out about T.J's betrayal and Gamble's involvement and suspects the whole team might be part of the operation to free Montel. Especially when they're no longer responding. He finds out an unauthorized runway has been lit up at Hawthorne airport and suspects that's where Gamble is heading so he sends all available units at the airport to intercept them. Hondo and his team track down Gamble and his men through dark underground sewer tunnels but Gamble slows them down by setting up a booby trap involving a claymore mine and smoke grenades. Street saves Deke from triggering the trap and reveals part of his Navy Seal training when he disarms the claymore. Further down, their chase completely stops when they find themselves locked in the tunnel by a heavy gate locked with a massive padlock. Street retrieves the claymore and uses it to blow the gate open. Back online, Hondo explains what happened to Fuller and asks him to send vehicles to pick them up. Fuller doesn't trust Hondo anymore so he orders him and his team down and refuses to go pick them up. Hondo ignores the order and his team commandeer a passing limo. As they drive out, Sanchez notices a low-flying jet over the city. Knowing all units are at the airport, they deduce that the jet must be Gamble's plan for evacuating Montel and the airport was just a decoy. Hondo & his group follow the jet, which is actually landing on the 6th Street bridge, rather than at the airport. Hondo gets radio confirmation that Gamble has hostages on board the airplane, and they need to stop the aircraft immediately to save innocent lives. Hondo drives their limo to the bridge, crashing through the roadblock at one end and racing towards the plane. Hondo drives the limo into the landing gear of the plane before it takes off, crippling it. A gun battle erupts between SWAT and Gamble's men. Sanchez gets hit in the shootout, which turns out to be a minor shoulder wound. Montel makes a break for it, but Deke chases him on foot and re-captures Montel. Hondo confronts an injured T.J. inside the plane. T.J. expresses remorse and asks about Boxer. Hondo is hesitant, but confirms that Boxer is expected to recover from his injuries. T.J. pulls out his gun and shoots himself in the head, preferring death over a prison sentence. Street rappels down from the bridge into a train yard to chase after Gamble. After Gamble stabs Street's hand through and through, they both drop their weapons and decide to have an all out fist fight surrounded by moving trains. In the end, Street kicks Gamble's head into the path of an oncoming train which crushes it, killing him instantly. He rejoins his team on the bridge telling Hondo they will need another body bag. Fuller arrives, commending the team for their excellent work, but pointing out that the job is not yet finished. Montel is still in their custody and need to be transferred to a federal prison a.s.a.p. The team decide to make things simple and take a SWAT truck out to deliver Montel to the proper authorities. As they sit on the truck, heading back home after successfully delivering Montel, a report of a robbery in progress comes onto the police band. Hondo points out that their shift has technically been over for 12 hours but the weary team agrees to mount up anyway and head out to their next mission. 
 Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse (2015)541) Three scouts, on the eve of their last camp-out, discover the true meaning of friendship when they attempt to save their town from a zombie outbreak. A reckless janitor accidentally releases a zombie from a laboratory of research. Meanwhile, the teenagers scouts Ben Goudy and Carter Grant decide to camp for the last time since they are too old to be scouts. The problem is that they do not want to harm the feelings of their friend Augie Foster and the Scout Leader Rogers. They have a flat tire after hitting a deer on the road and Carter's sister Kendall Grant, her boyfriend and her friend Chloe stop their Jeep to see whether they need a ride. They invite Ben and Carter to go to a party in the night. The two scouts leave the camping during the night to go to the party. When they drive through the town, they do not see a living soul and they decide to visit a night-club since the bouncer is not at the door. They discover that people have turned into zombies and they team-up with Ben's recent acquaintance Denise Russo, who is bartender in the nightclub, and Augie that was left alone at the camp and came to the town. Soon they discover that the non-infected inhabitants have been evacuated and the town will be bombed by the government. They decide to rescue Kendall but they find that the address her boyfriend gave to them is wrong. What can they do to save Kendall? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Three high school sophomores, Ben (Sheridan), Carter (Miller), and Augie (Morgan), are trying to recruit new members for their Scout group, led by their Scout Leader Rogers (Koechner). While Augie has always been happy about being a Scout, Ben and Carter have second thoughts. Carter tries convincing Ben to quit but he can't as Augie is about to get his Condor Patch. Their conversation of quitting is cut short when Ben accidentally hits a deer. They manage to get help from Carter's sister, Kendall, and her friends. Ben, who's had a crush on Kendall, gets some advice from her and they all see that the dead deer has vanished. Before they leave, the two are invited to the "Secret Seniors Party" and Carter is given the address. When they go to get alcohol for the party, they meet Denise, a cocktail waitress that works at a strip club. She and Ben hit it off and she agrees to buy the alcohol for them. Nerdy high school model student Ben Goudy and his class buddies, naughty Carter Grant and sissy 'chubby' Augie Foster, are the overdue scouts in Leader Rogers's small town troop, which hasn't managed to recruit anyone for years. Finally invited to a cool kids party via kin, Ben and Carter sneak off but are caught by Augie, who gets bitter learning they plan to leave the scouts. All has to be suspended as they are confronted with a deer and people affected by a rabies-like plague which creates zombies. The boys team up with fearless strip bar 'waitress' Denise Russo, who in the process builds up dating-virgin Ben's confidence, while the zombie epidemic gets so bad the army is called to bomb the town off the map. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Ron the janitor (Blake Anderson) jamming out to "Black Widow" in the halls of a research facility. He enters where Dr. Pieter Morris (Theo Kypri) is working on something. Pieter leaves to get a snack from the vending machine while Ron cleans up. He notices something behind a curtain. There, he finds a man hooked up to a machine with tubes, and his skin is pale and veiny. Ron grabs the man's wrist, and he twitches, making Ron stumble backwards and screw up the machine. As he tries to fix it, he then attempts to give the man CPR, until he sees his bleeding gums. He tries to resuscitate him with his hands, but they go through the man's stomach. The man jumps up and starts throwing Ron all over the room while Pieter is struggling to get a bag of chips out. As he tries to reach the bag, Ron emerges from the room all zombified and attacks Pieter. The bag then slowly drops to the bottom. Three boy scouts and childhood buddies - Ben (Tye Sheridan), Carter (Logan Miller), and Augie (Joey Morgan) - are with their Scout Leader Rogers (David Koechner) for scouts registration day. Unfortunately, only one kid is there, and he leaves after watching the corny video. Although discouraged, Rogers reminds the boys that tonight is a special night for Augie, since he's getting his Condor Badge. While driving home, Carter tells Ben that they need to tell Augie that they want to quit being scouts, despite sticking around for the last two years after the death of Augie's dad. Carter is more interested in hooking up with girls, while Ben thinks they should stick around for their buddy. Ben then hits a deer on the road, causing a flat tire. As they change it, Carter sees his sister Kendall (Halston Sage) arriving with her boyfriend Jeff (Patrick Schwarzenegger) and friend Chloe (Niki Koss). Ben has a crush on Kendall, despite her seeing him as a little brother and Carter not knowing. While Ben talks to Kendall, Carter chats up the other two and gets an invitation to a secret senior party that night. Ben then notices that the deer is not in the same spot where it fell. Thinking the party could be life-changing for them, Carter tells Ben that they can go to Augie's badge ceremony and sneak out to the party when he's asleep. Ben drives Carter home where they run into his grouchy elderly neighbor Ms. Fielder (Cloris Leachman), who tells Carter to keep his garbage bins away from her driveway. In the woods, Rogers walks and finds Pieter's badge. He sees something rustling in the bushes. The deer emerges in its zombie state and tries to get Rogers. He stabs the deer in the eye with his lucky knife, only to then get his throat bitten out by zombie Pieter. On the way to the ceremony, Ben and Carter stop by the liquor store so Carter can give a drunken bum $20 to get them beer. This backfires since the man makes a ruckus in the store. Passing by is Denise (Sarah Dumont), a girl that supposedly dropped out from the boys' high school and became a stripper. Ben meets her when the handle of her purse breaks, so he fixes it with a special knot. Denise notices that Carter is trying to get the money back from the bum, so she goes in and coolly grabs the money and gets the beers for the boys before heading to work at the strip joint across the street, Lawrence of Alabia (seriously). Ben and Carter meet Augie in the woods where he's already getting his camping gear ready. The boys hang out and goof off all afternoon until it gets dark. They light a fire and roast marshmallows. Augie tries to light the fire with a flint, but fails and has to use a lighter. When Carter leaves for a bit, Augie expresses his joy at getting to hang out with his friends, making Ben feel a little guilty about wanting to leave. After Augie falls asleep, Carter gets Ben and they drive away, only for Augie to show up on the road. He knows about the party, and while he's heartbroken and disappointed, he tells the guys to go anyway. Ben and Carter stop at the liquor store for a moment. Ben sees that the glass door has been shattered. Carter sees that the bouncer at the strip joint is missing. He gets Ben to go inside with him. Carter runs to get money from the ATM while Ben sits by the stage. A stripper comes out and starts to dance. When Carter shows up, the zombie stripper climbs the pole, and blood spurts from her open neck wound, revealing she is a zombie.. The boys run and find the bouncer is a zombie too. He chases Ben into the bathroom while Carter hides from the stripper. She pulls him out from behind the bar, but Carter kills her by sticking a broken glass bottle in her head (which causes blood to pour from the open wound onto his face). Denise (who is really a cocktail waitress) appears with a shotgun and blasts the bouncer's head off. The three run outside, and the boys slowly realize that they are indeed dealing with a zombie breakout. They run to Ben's car as a horde of zombies approach. Ben drives like crazy out of there, causing his spare tire to fall off. Denise holds off the zombies as the boys quickly replace the tire before they drive away. Augie goes to Rogers' home. He sees nobody there other than a weird collection of Dolly Parton items. Augie then goes to take a dump and returns to the living room to find zombie Rogers. He chases Augie through the house all the way to the basement where Augie grabs a can of lighter fluid and a gas lighter to set his scout leader on fire. He then ties Rogers up and leaves. Ben, Carter, and Denise go to the sheriff's department and see a sign that says the town's been evacuated. The zombie horde gets closer, and the three run inside. The cops have been zombified as well, forcing them to lock themselves in a cell. Augie later shows up after seeing Ben's car and blasts "Crank Dat Soulja Boy" to distract the zombies. As the zombies leave, the three try to get the key from the wall. Ben uses Carter's condoms as a chain and manages to grab the keys until Augie shows up and accidentally kicks them into a drain pipe. Fortunately, Augie picks the lock with his knife. A zombie comes in, but Ben impales it through the head. They head out. The four walk down the road and encounter the drunken bum as a zombie. Augie attempts to assert himself using his scouts knowledge, leading him and Carter to sing "Baby One More Time" with the zombie after they notice his Britney Spears shirt. A bullet then goes through the bum's head, fired by a soldier. He takes the four to the address that Carter was given for the party so they can save Kendall. However, Jeff gave Carter the address to a sewage plant (because it's "full of shit"). Augie tells Carter now he knows what it's like to be screwed over. Carter then admits that he and Ben were already planning to quit being scouts. This makes Augie tell Carter that Ben has a crush on Kendall, angering Carter. To make things worse, they hear on the radio that the town is to be bombed in less than two hours. As the boys fight, the soldier turns into a zombie and attacks Denise. The boys help her, and she smashes the zombie's head with the car door. Carter deduces that Kendall probably wrote the location of the party in her diary, so they take the truck to his house. Back in the boys' neighborhood, they encounter Rogers, half-burnt, and they run him over. They go into Carter's house to find the diary. They look through Kendall's room until they hear a noise from downstairs. Carter and Augie go to check it out. Denise then sees a picture of Kendall and understands why Ben has a crush on her. Noting his lack of confidence, she tells Ben to kiss her. He tries but accidentally headbutts Denise. She then does it for him. Zombies break into Carter's home, including Ms. Fielder. She attacks Carter and tries to literally eat his ass until he and Augie force her against a window to break it and then chop her head off. More zombies attack. The gang fights them and run toward Kendall's room to jump on the trampoline and over the fence. Carter, Denise, and Augie go ahead with Ben going last. As the zombies break into the room, Kendall's diary falls out of the underwear drawer. Ben grabs it and goes to jump, but there are too many zombies on the trampoline, and too many in the room. Ben prepares to jump but nearly slips until he grabs hold of something...a zombie penis. The penis rips off, and Ben falls on the trampoline after Denise distracts the zombies. The gang runs into Ms. Fielder's home where they encounter her zombie cats. After escaping them, they head into the garage and steal her car before getting out of there. The boys learn that the party is at a rec center. Denise finds a motorcycle and goes to get help. Ben gives his friends a rousing speech on how they're going to kick zombie ass and save their friends. They stop at a hardware store and grab many supplies before heading to the party. At the party, Chloe and her boyfriend Travis (Lukas Gage) go into a room so Travis can have sex with Chloe. She refuses but allows him to eat her out. A zombie with no lower jaw enters and kills Travis. He eats Chloe out for a bit before turning her into a zombie. Kendall is worried about her brother, until Jeff admits he gave Carter the wrong address. Pissed, Kendall leaves. Jeff tries to hold her back, but she slaps him. He pushes Kendall as zombie Chloe enters and attacks Jeff. Kendall runs away, only to see that more zombies are coming. When it looks like she's done for, the scouts arrive to lay waste. Ben mows the zombies down with a weed whacker, Carter has a nail gun, and Augie has a gun that shoots heavy balls. Carter "nails" Chloe in the head, while Ben decapitates Jeff. The boys lead the survivors to the stairs while Ben rescues Kendall. He stays behind to lock the doors while his friends run toward a room. Augie places a bomb that he made on the floor and tries to light it. Ben makes another speech on how he and Carter were jerks for trying to ditch Augie; that he and Carter only wanted to leave the Scouts because they were afraid everyone would see them as dorks and socially backward; and that he really loves being a Scout because that's how he became friends with them. Augie goes to light the bomb, but the lighter is out of fluid, and Augie has to again struggle to use his flint. Denise shows up and guides the boys out through a slide. At the last minute, Augie lights the bomb with his flint, and gets out before it goes off and blows up the zombies. The last one is Rogers on the outside, but he's blown up by a grenade. The military finally arrives to save the day. The morning comes, and Denise encourages Ben to go after Kendall. Without a second thought, he walks up to her and kisses her passionately. Augie thinks it's sweet, but Carter is displeased. Kendall smiles, impressed, asking Ben, "Who are you?" Ben answers, "I'm a Scout!" During the end credits, we see the gang's selfies, including Ben taking Kendall to prom and Denise hanging out with the guys. After this, we see outside the rec center where Rogers' head is still alive. A bird poops on him and he goes, "Come on..." before turning to the audience and saying "The end!" 
 Mission: Impossible III (2006)761) IMF agent Ethan Hunt comes into conflict with a dangerous and sadistic arms dealer who threatens his life and his fiance in response. A man named Owen Davian kills an IMF agent that was sent undercover by the legendary Ethan Hunt, who has retired from combat missions. Hunt now has a fianc, Julia, who believes that he works for the traffic department when he really trains younger IMF agents to go into combat. He is assigned to his last mission. His mission, should he choose to accept it is to capture Davian, who is selling a toxic weapon called the rabbits foot. But Davian is reckless, cruel, and deadly. He promises Hunt that he will find Julia, hurt her, and Ethan will be too dead to help her. The mission is no more different to others, its dangerous, smart, and impossible; but now it's personal. The third entry in Tom Cruise's Mission: Impossible film series involves super Impossible Mission Forces (IMF) agent Ethan Hunt (Cruise) being forced back into the field just when he was planning on marrying his girlfriend, Julia (Michelle Monaghan). The agency asks Hunt to save an operative (Keri Russell) he trained after weapons dealer Owen Davian (Philip Seymour Hoffman) kidnaps her. With the help of his field team -- played by Ving Rhames, Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, and Maggie Q -- Hunt achieves his goal, but becomes involved in a web of double-crosses that leave him wondering if he can trust his superiors (Billy Crudup and Laurence Fishburne). Eventually Davian threatens Julia's life in order to get away with his evil plan. Super-spy Ethan Hunt has retired from active duty to train new IMF agents. But he is called back into action to confront the toughest villain he's ever faced - Owen Davian, an international weapons and information provider with no remorse and no conscience. Hunt assembles his team: his old friend Luther Strickell, transportation expert Declan, and background operative Zhen. They are to rescue one of his very own trainees, Lindsey who was kidnapped while on a surveillance detail of Davian. It soon becomes evident that Davian is well-protected, well-connected, and downright malicious. This forces Hunt to extend his journey back into the field in order to rescue his fiance, Julia, and uncover IMF double agents in the process. While in his engagement party with doctor Julia, the IMF agent, Ethan Hunt, is invited to a rescue mission of his former protge. Agent Lindsey Farris was trained by him but has been kidnapped by the evil dealer, Owen Davian. Ethan accepts the assignment and rescues Lindsey with his team, but she is killed by a bomb that has been implanted in her head. Ethan finds that Owen will be in the Vatican and he joins his group to abduct him. They succeeded in their mission, but back in USA they are betrayed, Owen is released by his team and he abducts Julia, bringing her to Shanghai. Owen contacts Ethan and forces him to steal a powerful weapon in order to save the life of Julia. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil The superior IMF agent Ethan Hunt is back. While contemplating living a quiet life with his wife-to-be, Julia, IMF has called him in to rescue his former student, Lindsey Farris, from the powerful arms dealer, Owen Davian. But Farris was killed in this mission. After Marrying Julia, Ethan and his team of IMF agents head toward Vatican City to capture Davian and interrogate him about the most powerful nuclear device ever created, the Rabbit's Foot. After Davian escapes, he somehow captured Julia, now Hunt must travel to Shanghai to recover the Rabbit's Foot and save Julia, and as always Hunt must "expect the impossible". John Wiggins Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) has retired from being an IMF team leader, instead opting for a quiet life with his fiance Julia (Michelle Monaghan), a hospital nurse (who was the captive in the opening sequence). During their engagement party, Ethan is contacted by IMF Operations Director Musgrave (Billy Crudup) who provides him with a disposable camera. After viewing a video hidden in the camera, he finds out Musgrave wants him to rescue Agent Lindsey Farris (Keri Russell), Ethan's protg, who has been captured in Berlin by Owen Davian (Philip Seymour Hoffman), a prominent dealer in the international black market (the captor from the opening). He reluctantly agrees to participate in the mission and meets the team which has been selected for him, consisting of Declan Gormley (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers), Zhen (Maggie Q), and his old partner, Luther Stickel (Ving Rhames). The team assaults an enemy stronghold in Berlin and extracts Agent Farris successfully, but she dies during their escape when an explosive capsule placed inside her head detonates. After Lindsey's funeral, Ethan is notified of a "package" sent to him by Lindsey, and discovers that it is a microdot hidden under the stamp in a blank postcard. Ethan discusses its possible importance with Luther and both decide to keep its existence a secret. Using information recovered from a laptop in the Berlin mission, Ethan then decides to go after Davian himself, targeting him at a meeting in Vatican City, where a lucrative transaction involving a mysterious object, codenamed "The Rabbit's Foot", is apparently taking place. Neither of Ethan's superiors, directors Brassel (Laurence Fishburne) or Musgrave, has authorized the mission. Before leaving, Ethan reassures Julia of their relationship, and promptly marries her at the hospital in a small ceremony. The team then arrives in Rome and sets off their elaborate plan to abduct Davian, barely avoiding disaster in the process. The operation succeeds nonetheless. Ethan interrogates Davian on the flight home. However he is angered by Davian's quiet but confident threats of killing his wife, and attempts to throw him off the plane before being talked out of it by Stickel. While transporting Davian across the Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel in a convoy, Luther hands Ethan a laptop computer and plays the video message from the decoded microdot: Lindsey had discovered that Director Brassel is a mole, who has been leaking information to Davian about IMF operations. Suddenly, Ethan and his team are attacked by foreign mercenaries who, using a UAV drone, manage to extract Davian. Remembering Davian's threats to kill his wife, Ethan immediately rushes to the hospital where Julia works. He arrives barely moments too late and finds that Julia has already been abducted. At that moment of despair, Ethan receives a call from Davian with a proposition; he must retrieve the "Rabbit's Foot" from a facility in Shanghai within 48 hours, or his wife will be killed. Ethan, anxious to begin his mission to rescue his wife is abruptly taken into custody by the IMF and accused of masterminding the ambush. However, he manages to escape with help from Musgrave, who intercepted Ethan's call from Davian, and instructs Ethan to go to Shanghai. In Shanghai, Ethan reunites with his team once more and manages to infiltrate the heavily guarded building containing the Rabbit's Foot and steals it. Ethan then goes to the established meeting place where Davian is waiting. Told to "ask no questions", he is made to drink a substance which knocks him out. He awakes in a seedy room where Davian injects an explosive charge like the one that killed Lindsey into his head. The scene shown in the prologue then ensues: Julia and Ethan are bound to chairs and Davian threatens to kill Julia if he is not told the location of the Rabbit's Foot. Ethan, in panic, insists that he has delivered it. However, after counting to ten, Davian executes Julia. After Davian leaves, Musgrave enters, revealing himself as the traitor and explains the situation to a stunned Ethan; Davian will sell the Rabbit's Foot to known Middle Eastern enemies of the United States, the resulting attack being anticipated and controlled to generate only 'acceptable losses' - the concept of a "false flag" attack taken to the next level. This will then justify a massive retaliation that would result in an internationally supported hostile takeover of the region. He shows Ethan that the dead "Julia" was actually one of Davian's incompetent personnel wearing a mask, used to make sure that Ethan had brought the real Rabbit's Foot; Julia is still alive. Ethan escapes by biting Musgrave's arm before attacking him and taking his phone, which is used to track down Julia's location. Instrumental in this is the assistance of Benji (Simon Pegg), an IMF laboratory technician. After a furious run through the neighborhood, Ethan finally finds Julia, but before he can free her Davian activates the bomb in Ethan's head. The result is a splitting noise in Ethan's head which renders him incapable of thinking properly and defending himself. Davian then begins to savagely beat Ethan, but just as Davian prepares to kill Julia, Ethan manages to make an impressive comeback and hurls Davian out of the window. Davian is killed when a truck runs over him and Ethan during the scuffle--Ethan, on the bottom, is clear of the truck. Unable to find a defibrillator, Ethan loosens power cables to be able to put electricity on his body, to deactivate the bomb in his head, and quickly teaches Julia how to shoot his Beretta pistol. Julia turns on the power which seemingly kills Ethan, after which Musgrave attacks her. After killing Musgrave, she successfully resuscitates Ethan with CPR, and the two walk out with the Rabbit's Foot as Ethan proceeds to tell Julia the truth about his secret life. Back at headquarters, Ethan is congratulated for his heroic actions, and then leaves for his honeymoon with Julia, with the blessing of his applauding teammates and promises for another mission which the White House is keen to contact him about. 