nm0006849:

 Star Trek: Voyager (19952001)Summaries Pulled to the far side of the galaxy, where the Federation is seventy-five years away at maximum warp speed, a Starfleet ship must cooperate with Maquis rebels to find a way home. The Federation starship USS Voyager, chasing a band of Maquis rebels, enters the dangerous space nebula known as the Badlands. Both ships are transported by a distant space probe to the Delta Quadrant, 75,000 light-years from Federation space. Voyager's crew and the Maquis form an uneasy truce to rescue crewmen of both ships, kidnapped by the probe's builder, the powerful, dying Caretaker. The Maquis ship is destroyed in a battle with the warlike Kazons. To prevent a Kazon aggression against a helpless world, Voyager destroys the space probe. Without the probe, it will take 75 years for Voyager to travel back to Federation space. With the differences between them rendered meaningless by time and distance, The Federation and Maquis crews unite aboard Voyager. Together, they embark on their new mission: to boldly go - home. Anthony Bruce Gilpin <agilpin@pacbell.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Star Trek: Nemesis (2002)431) The Enterprise is diverted to the Romulan homeworld Romulus, supposedly because they want to negotiate a peace treaty. Captain Picard and his crew discover a serious threat to the Federation once Praetor Shinzon plans to attack Earth. After a joyous wedding between William Riker and Deanna Troi, Captain Picard and the Enterprise crew stumble upon a positronic signature which results in a prototype version of the android Data. Then the Enterprise is invited to Romulus to negotiate a peace treaty with the Romulans by their new leader, Praetor Shinzon. However, Shinzon is revealed to be a clone of Picard who was raised on Remus, a slave planet to the Romulans. Later on, Picard discovers that this peace treaty was nothing more than a set-up on account of the fact that Shinzon needs Picard in order to survive. But little do the Enterprise crew know that Shinzon also plans to do away with the Federation by unleashing a weapon that could destroy a whole planet. Blazer346 On their way to William Riker and Deanna Troi's honeymoon on Betazed, the Enterprise heads near the Romulan Neutral Zone, and picks up a prototype version of the android Data. Immediately, they are diverted to Romulus, where the new ruler, Praetor Shinzon, a human cloned from Captain Picard who lives on the slave planet Remus, appears to want peace with the Federation. But then the crew detects a break-in on their computer systems, and Picard is captured by the Remans because Shinzon needs him as his only matching supplier of genetic material. Picard and the Enterprise crew escape, only to find themselves battling Shinzon's completely cloaked Warbird, who goes after the complete destruction of Earth. 42/103 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On Romulus, members of the Romulan Imperial Senate debate whether to accept the terms of peace and alliance with the Reman rebel leader Shinzon ( Tom Hardy ). The Remans are a slave race of the Romulan Empire, used as miners and as cannon fodder in the Dominion War. A faction of the military is in support of Shinzon, but the Praetor and Senate are opposed to the alliance. After rejecting the motion, the Praetor and remaining senators are disintegrated by a device left in the room by a military-aligned senator. Meanwhile, back on Earth, Captain Jean-Luc Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) speaks about how a starship captain's life is filled with solemn duty. He remembers commanding men in battle, negotiating peace treaties and leading first contact missions, but none of them compares with his solemn duty this time - as best man. The crew of the USS Enterprise prepare to bid farewell to Commander William Riker ( Jonathan Frakes ) and Counselor Deanna Troi ( Marina Sirtis ), who are being married on Betazed. Picard proposes a toast, and expresses his sincere thanks to Riker and Troi as his guides and advisors, and wishes them both the greatest happiness in their current lives together. En route to Betazed, the Enterprise crew discover a positronic signature on an uncharted planet in the Kolaran system in the Romulan Neutral Zone. Captain Picard, Lieutenant Commander Data ( Brent Spiner ), and Lieutenant Commander Worf ( Michael Dorn ) land on Koloran III upon a larger shuttle with an advanced buggy. In the course of scouring the planet's surface, they discover pieces of an android resembling Data scattered across a great distance. After finding the final piece (the head), the away team are attacked by the native species in several vehicles with machine guns. The away team flee back to the shuttle on the buggy while firing at the aliens with a powerful phaser cannon, only to find it surrounded. Using a remote control, Data pilots the shuttle away from the aliens, much to their surprise, and behind a cliff where Picard daringly pilots the vehicle into the open back of the shuttle. Back on the Enterprise, the crew deduce the android as a less-advanced, prototype version of Data. When the android is reassembled, he introduces himself as B-4 (also Brent Spiner ), and Data informs him they are brothers. Admiral Kathryn Janeway ( Kate Mulgrew ) (who has recently returned from the Delta Quadrant) contacts Picard and orders the Enterprise on a diplomatic mission to Romulus. Janeway explains that the Romulan Empire has been taken over in a military coup by Shinzon, who says he wants peace with the Federation and bring freedom to Remus. On arrival, they learn that Shinzon is a clone of Picard, secretly created by the Romulans to plant a high-ranking agent into the Federation. The project was abandoned when Shinzon was a child and he was left for dead as a mining slave on Remus. After many years, Shinzon became the leader of the Remans, and constructed his heavily armed flagship, the Scimitar. Initially, diplomatic attempts go well, but the Enterprise crew discover that the Scimitar is producing low levels of thalaron radiation, which is what has been used to kill the Imperial Senate and is deadly to nearly all lifeforms. There are also unexpected attempts to communicate the Enterprise computers, and Shinzon himself violates Troi's mind through the telepathy of his Reman viceroy ( Ron Perlman ). Dr. Beverly Crusher ( Gates McFadden ) discovers that Shinzon is aging rapidly on account of the process to clone him, and the only possible means to prevent the aging is the transfusion of Picard's own blood. Shinzon kidnaps Picard from the Enterprise, as well as B-4, having planted the android on the nearby planet to lure Picard closer to the Neutral Zone. However, Data reveals that he has swapped places with B-4, rescues Picard, and returns with Picard to the Enterprise. They have now seen enough of the Scimitar to know that Shinzon plans to use the warship to invade the Federation using its thalaron-radiation generator as a weapon, with the eradication of all lifeforms on Earth being his first priority. The Enterprise races back to Federation space and is ambushed by the Scimitar in the Bassen Rift, a region that prevents any subspace communications. Two Romulan Warbirds come to assist the Enterprise, as they do not want to be involved in Shinzon's genocidal plans, but Shinzon destroys one and disables the other. Recognizing the need to stop the Scimitar at all costs, Picard orders the Enterprise on a collision course with the other ship. The collision leaves both ships heavily damaged and destroys most of the Scimitar's primary weapons. To assure their mutual destruction, Shinzon orders the Scimitar to back away, then activates the thalaron weapon. Picard boards the Scimitar to face Shinzon alone, and eventually kills him by impaling him on a metal strut. Data jumps the distance between the two ships with a personal transporter to beam Picard back to the Enterprise and then sacrifices himself when he fires his phaser on the thalaron generator, destroying the Scimitar, while saving the Enterprise. The crew mourn Data, and the Romulan commander Donatra ( Dina Meyer ) offers them her gratitude for saving the Empire. On the Enterprise, now back at Earth drydock for extensive repairs, Picard bids farewell to the newly promoted Captain Riker, who is leaving to command the USS Titan and begin a possible peace negotiation mission with the Romulans. Picard meets with B-4, and informs him about Data's goal to become more human and Data's wonder about human nature, before Worf calls and informs Picard that the crew are ready to bring the warp engines online. Picard discovers that Data had downloaded the engrams of his neural net into B-4's positronic matrix before he boarded the Scimitar. Picard leaves B-4's quarters walking down a corridor smiling, knowing that Data will return someday. 
 Better Unsaid (2005)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Star Trek: Enterprise (20012005)55) A century before Captain Kirk's five-year mission, Jonathan Archer captains the United Earth ship Enterprise during the early years of Starfleet, leading up to the Earth-Romulan War and the formation of the Federation. The year is 2151. Earth has spent the last 88 years since learning how to travel faster than the speed of light studying under the wisdom of their alien ally called the 'Vulcans'. Now, the first crew of human explorers sets out into deep space on a ship called the 'Enterprise' to see what is beyond our solar system. It is time for Humans to break away from the clutches of the Vulcans, who for a hundred years after inventing the warp drive and making first contact with them ( the Vulcans) still aren't able to warp into space to explore. Luckily, an uncanny incident with the Tsuliban (in the first episode of the series) gets the Enterprise - commanded by Captain Jonathan Archer - it's first voyage at warp speed. Captain Archer is then put through a series of challenges as he quests for greater exploration after this initial voyage. His battles with alien warships, beings superior to humans, alternate universes, and time travel (without the luxury of a transporter) makes him display exemplary leadership and gain the loyalty of communications officer Hoshi, chief engineer Trip, armory officer Malcolm, ensign Travis, alien doctor Phlox and Vulcan Sub Commander T'Pol, put aboard the Enterprise to keep an eye on the captain. Denzil Almeida It's the 22nd century. At the dawn of the United Federation of Planets, 100 years before the adventures of Captain Kirk and crew, Captain Jonathan Archer and the crew of the Starship Enterprise NX-01 begin the journey where no one has gone before. Anonymous A prequel series, set 100 years before the original Star Trek series, which focuses on the early years of Starfleet, leading up to the formation of the Federation and the Earth-Romulan Wars. The series is set aboard the Earth ship Enterprise NX-01, captained by Jonathan Archer. David Nisbet It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 