nm0001015:

 Trainspotting (1996)431) Renton, deeply immersed in the Edinburgh drug scene, tries to clean up and get out, despite the allure of the drugs and influence of friends. A wild, freeform, Rabelaisian trip through the darkest recesses of Edinburgh low-life, focusing on Mark Renton and his attempt to give up his heroin habit, and how the latter affects his relationship with family and friends: Sean Connery wannabe Sick Boy, dimbulb Spud, psycho Begbie, 14-year-old girlfriend Diane, and clean-cut athlete Tommy, who's never touched drugs but can't help being curious about them... Michael Brooke <michael@everyman.demon.co.uk> Renton is an Edinburgh lad with a heroin addiction problem. His best mates are: somewhat dimwitted but good-hearted Spud, also a heroin addict; con man Sick Boy, also a heroin addict who has steadfast opinions on the most renowned British actors; and Tommy, a clean cut athlete who doesn't use. The likelihood of Renton, Spud and/or Sick Boy leading Tommy astray are higher than the other way around as problems in Tommy's life resulting in him wanting to use are more likely than any of Renton, Spud or Sick Boy having a reason to follow Tommy's clean example. Renton, Spud and Sick Boy often use with Allison, the mother of an infant, they, including baby Dawn, congregating in Swanney's drug den. They also need to steal and rob to support their habit, those activities often with the assistance of their criminal acquaintance Begbie, whose violent tendencies can be ignited on the slightest provocation. Despite Renton, Spud and Sick Boy believing there is no better feeling than being high, Renton truly does want to quit using, or so he tells himself. The struggles Renton have in trying to get clean are presented. He may feel that other priorities in his life may help him, such as the love at first sight feelings he has for Diane, who he sees across a nightclub room but who may not be all she appears at first glance. Renton probably realizes that he can never get clean in his current environment, which includes hanging around with Spud, Sick Boy, Begbie, Allison and Swanney, but getting out from their influence may not be as easy as just physically leaving. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in Edinburgh, the film begins with Mark Renton's ( Ewan McGregor ) narration as he and his friend, Spud ( Ewen Bremner ) sprint down Princes Street, pursued by security guards. Renton states that unlike people who 'choose life' (traditional families, materialistic possessions and financial stability), he decided live life as a heroin addict. The rest of Renton's close circle of football enthusiast friends are introduced: con-artist Sick Boy ( Jonny Lee Miller ), clean-cut athlete Tommy ( Kevin McKidd ) and sociopath, Frank Begbie ( Robert Carlyle ), whom along with Tommy, has decided not to do heroin and criticizes his friends regularly for their lifestyle choice. Sick Boy, Spud and Renton are all heroin addicts who spend their days shooting up in their drug dealer, Swanney's ( Peter Mullan ) flat. Swanney is often referred to as "The Mother Superior" by the guys. One day, Renton decides to give up heroin. He decides to employ Sick Boy's method of locking himself in a cheap rented room with enough food, equipment and supplies to endure the withdrawal. Realizing he needs one last high to get him through the night, he breaks himself out of his room and buys opium rectal suppositories from dealer, Mikey Forrester ( Irvine Welsh ). After this final hit (and a nasty spell of diarrhea), Renton returns to the cheap room to finish the process. He later goes to a nightclub with the gang, noticing that his sex drive has returned with a vengeance. He eventually leaves with a young woman named Diane ( Kelly Macdonald ). After having sex together, Diane refuses to sleep in the same room as Renton and forces him to sleep in the hallway on a sofa. In the morning, Renton realizes that Diane is in fact a 15 year old schoolgirl and the flatmates sitting around the breakfast table are in fact, her parents. Horrified, Renton tries to shake off the incident but remains friends with Diane, who threatens to tell the police that Renton had sex with her despite being underage. Tommy is dumped by his girlfriend Lizzy ( Pauline Lynch ) after a string of events unintentionally initially started by Renton. Renton had borrowed a sex tape of Tommy & Lizzy, without their consent, hiding it in the box of a football tape. Lizzy angrily believes that Tommy had mistakenly returned the tape to the video store. Tommy gets Sick Boy, Spud and Renton to join him on a walk in the Scottish highlands at the end of a train line but the guys are reluctant, believing they're being punished by Tommy for the hard time he's receiving from Lizzy. Tommy tries to convince them that they'll be getting fresh air and seeing the great outdoors of their country but Renton retorts, saying that Scottish culture is highly unappreciated by the rest of the world. At that point, Sick Boy, Spud and Renton decide to use heroin again and a broken-hearted Tommy asks to try it to see why they like it so much, despite Renton's reluctance. One day during a heroin-induced stupor, the gang are interrupted by Allison (a fellow heroin addict) who is screaming hysterically because her infant child, Dawn has died from neglect. All are shell-shocked, especially Sick Boy who is implied to be the baby's father. Something crashes in Sick Boy and he becomes more nihilistic than ever, living only to feed his and his friends' addiction. Renton and Spud are later caught stealing from a book shop and are pursued by security guards, as seen in the beginning of the film. Sick Boy alludes the police despite the theft being his idea. Due to prior convictions, Spud is sent to prison whereas Renton is put on a Drug Intervention Programme and given methadone. Despite support from friends and family, Renton becomes increasingly bored and depressed and escapes to Swanney's flat where he takes a particularly strong hit and nearly dies. At a local emergency room, Renton is brought out of his trip and his parents pick him up. Determined to make him kick, they lock him in his room so he can beat his addiction cold turkey. As Renton lies in bed going through severe withdrawal symptoms, he hallucinates that Diane is singing to him, friends are giving him advice and Allison's dead baby is crawling on the ceiling. The hallucination sequence is intercut with weird, imagined scenes from a TV game show, with Dale Winton asking Renton's parents questions about HIV. Renton is finally woken from his nightmares and is told by his parents that he needs to get tested. Despite years of sharing syringes with other drug addicts, Renton's test comes back negative. Clean of heroin, Renton decides to visit Tommy who, by now, is lost in his heroin addiction and has contracted HIV. He's living in a filthy flat, with graffiti on the door proclaiming he has AIDS. Renton gives Tommy a little money to get by. On Diane's advice, Renton moves to London and gets a job as a property letting agent. He begins enjoying his new life of sobriety but it's short-lived after Begbie's involved in an armed robbery. He turns up at Renton's flat, asking for a place to hide out, disrupting Renton's life with his freeloading and slovenly ways. One day Begbie has Renton lay a bet on a horse race and it hits, coming in with enough money for them to enjoy a brief period of revelry. At the dance club they go to, Begbie finds a woman whom he tries to have sex with, only to find that the person is a transvestite. He angrily tells Renton that he's not gay and attacks Renton when he suggests it could have turned into a beautiful night for Begbie. Sick Boy, who now sees himself as a well-connected pimp and drug pusher, also shows up on Renton's doorstep. Renton's 'friends' make his life more miserable, stealing from him and trashing his flat. Sick Boy steals and sells Renton's television, despite the fact that it was a rental and then has a the temerity to ask Renton if he wants to sell his passport. Renton takes his passport and stores it in a train station locker. Seeking to rid himself of them, Renton gives them a flat he's responsible for which they use as a base to commit theft, however, Renton doesn't charge them rent to live there. Their squatting is discovered when Renton's boss finds a couple willing to live there. However, the three have to return to Edinburgh when they learn Tommy has died due to toxoplasmosis. Back home, they meet Spud who's been released from prison. Sick Boy suggests a dangerous but profitable heroin transaction via Mikey Forrester. Sick Boy needs Renton's help to foot half of the initial 4,000 to buy the supply. After the purchase, Renton reluctantly checks the purity by injecting himself and declaring it to be high quality. The four then travel back to London to sell the drugs to a dealer. On the bus down, Begbie is extremely nervous and uptight since the police are still searching for him. Renton promises himself one final hit before they reach London and ponders if he'll become addicted again. The meet the dealer in a hotel room and after a purity check and a bit of haggling, they agree on 16,000. They all go to a pub to celebrate, all them friendlier and happier than they usually are, and discuss their plans to spend the money. Renton suggests to Spud that they steal the money and run as Begbie & Sick Boy get drinks in. Spud is too scared of Begbie to consider it. Renton believes that neither Begbie nor Sick Boy deserve the money. As Begbie heads back to the table with another round of pints he bumps into another patron and spills much of the beer he bought. When the man apologizes, Begbie turns violent and smashes the man's face with one of the glasses. As he moves in to cut the man with a knife, he slashes Spud's hand. Realizing that he's probably matured more than his friends and, with the exception of Spud, they're more of a danger to him now, Renton decides to leave them while taking the money. Early in the morning, Renton wakes up before anyone else and takes the money from Begbie, leaving quietly. Spud sees him leave but says nothing; Renton gives him an affirmative nod. After Begbie discovers the money has gone, he trashes the hotel room in a violent rage that alerts the police, presumably leading to his arrest. Renton walks out into London and vows to live the traditional, stable life he talked about in the beginning of the film. In voiceover, he talks about how Begbie has become too dangerous and that Sick Boy would have stolen the money from everyone if he'd thought to do it first. He does feel some remorse for leaving Spud behind and leaves him 2,000 in the locker where he'd been hiding his passport. In the final scene, Spud retrieves the money Renton left for him. 
 The World Is Not Enough (1999)761) James Bond uncovers a nuclear plot while protecting an oil heiress from her former kidnapper, an international terrorist who can't feel pain. James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) is back. An oil tycoon is murdered in MI6, and Bond is sent to protect his daughter. Renard (Robert Carlyle), who has a bullet lodged in his brain from a previous Agent, is secretly planning the destruction of a pipeline. Bond gains a hand from research scientist Dr. Christmas Jones (Denise Richards), who witnesses the action which happens when Bond meets up with Renard, but Bond becomes suspicious about Elektra King (Sophie Marceau), especially when Bond's boss, M (Dame Judi Dench) goes missing. Bond must work quickly to prevent Renard from destroying Europe. simon When oil tycoon Sir Robert King (David Calder) is murdered in cold blood, M (Dame Judi Dench) assigns James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) to go and protect his daughter Elektra (Sophie Marceau). An anarchist named Renard (Robert Carlyle), who was shot with a bullet in his head by another Agent, seems to be of concern to MI6. And he has his eyes set on taking down the King pipeline and Elektra along with it. While on assignment, Bond suddenly becomes suspicious on Elektra's motives to move her pipeline. With help from his old adversary, Valentin Zukovsky (Robbie Coltrane), and physicist Dr Christmas Jones (Denise Richards), Bond must work against time to stop the terrorist plan to destroy the pipeline before it's too late. Blazer346 When British oil tycoon, and M's (Dame Judi Dench's) friend, Sir Robert King (David Calder) is killed in a bombing at MI6 Headquarters, it becomes James Bond's (Pierce Brosnan's) new assignment to protect his daughter and heir, Elektra (Sophie Marceau), from further harm. Renard (Robert Carlyle), a man who can't feel physical pain due to a bullet in his head, seems to play an important role in the sabotage of the on-going construction of the new King pipeline, which can give oil to all of the world for the future. The three competing pipelines all end up in Istanbul, Turkey, whereas the King pipeline is being laid elsewhere, and therefore is an easy goal to anonymous attackers. James Bond involuntarily teams up with emancipated Dr. Christmas Jones (Denise Richards), and they soon find out that there is more threat to the situation than just some pipeline sabotage. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> When oil tycoon Sir Robert King (David Calder) is assassinated in a bombing at MI6 Headquarters, after recovering three million British pounds from a Swiss Bank in Bilbao, Spain. Seductive British Secret Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan) is injured in the line of duty trying to pursue the assassin who killed herself by blowing herself up in a hot air balloon. Fearing Sir Robert's beautiful daughter and heiress Elektra King's (Sophie Marceau's) life is in danger, M (Dame Judi Dench) assigns 007 to protect her, as Elektra has inherited her father's legacy and has taken over the business, and is constructing a new oil pipeline. Bond learns an evil terrorist, known as Renard (Robert Carlyle), who has a bullet in his head cutting off his senses so he can't smell, touch, and feel no pain, was responsible for the assassination of Sir Robert. With help of nuclear scientist Dr. Christmas Jones (Denise Richards) and former enemy, ex-K.G.B. Agent Valentin Zukovsky (Robbie Coltrane), Bond sets out to foil Renard's plan as he plots to wipe out Europe with a nuclear bomb. Is the World not enough for James Bond 007 as he not only tries to stop Renard, but also begins to question Elektra's motives? Daniel Williamson After British oil tycoon Sir Robert King (David Calder) is killed in a bombing at MI6 Headquarters, his daughter, Elektra (Sophie Marceau), inherits his fortune which includes billions of dollars worth of oil deposits in the Caspian Sea, and James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) as a bodyguard. Her new wealth attracts international interest. But she has also attracted the attention of her father's killer. His name is Renard (Robert Carlyle). A bullet lodged in his brain has rendered him unable to feel physical pain, and he has but only one reason left to live, revenge. There's only one man who can take the heat between a beautiful heiress, a malicious sociopath, and his final diabolical plan. For the world's most famous secret agent, when the stakes are high and the danger hits too close to home, it is not just professional, its personal. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Bilbao, Spain, MI6 agent, James Bond, meets with a Swiss banker to recover a large sum of money. The banker, however, plans to have James killed. James uses a flash grenade disguised as his sidearm to create a diversion and ends up holding the banker at gun-point. The banker had taken the money from another "00" and is about to tell Bond who the agent's assassin is when he himself is killed by a thrown knife from his secretary, the Cigar-Smoking Woman. Bond grabs the case of money and is about to escape when another man tries to shoot him; that man is hit by an unseen sniper. Bond escapes out the window. At MI6 headquarters in London, Bond returns the money to a wealthy man named Robert King. King and Bond's boss, M, are both present in M's office when Bond arrives. Bond learns from them both that King is building an oil pipeline through the Caucasus region and that the project has been threatened with destruction from several factions. King leaves and M gives Bond a glass of bourbon with ice. When the ice begins to bubble, Bond deduces that the money, which he'd handled, may itself be dangerous. In a nearby lab, the metallic security strip in one of the bills bursts into flame and the money explodes, killing King and blowing a large hole in the outer wall of MI6 HQ. Bond looks out through the hole and sees a woman on a boat who tries to shoot him with an automatic rifle. Bond takes a small, experimental, jet-powered boat belonging to Q and races after the woman, chasing her down the Thames. She tries several times to evade him but Bond catches up with her, finally destroying her boat near the Millennium Dome with a torpedo. The woman steals a hot-air balloon and floats upward, with Bond hanging on to one of the anchor ropes. The woman, the Cigar Smoking Woman who killed the Swiss banker, points her own pistol at the gas tanks on the balloon. Bond pleads with her not to kill them both, saying MI6 will protect her. She says no one can protect her from "him". She shoots the tanks and the balloon explodes, dropping Bond onto the Dome. The rolling landing fractures his collarbone, but he's still able to arrest his slide down the side of the Dome by grabbing onto the support cables. At Robert King's funeral service, Bond notices that King's daughter, Elektra, is there. At an MI6 retreat in Scotland, Bond is examined by MI6 physician, Dr. Molly Warmflash, whom Bond seduces to get a passing diagnosis, allowing him to continue his mission. He goes to a briefing held by M who declares that her organization will not be terrorized. The likely suspect is a man named Victor Zerkas, aka "Renard", an internationally known terrorist who hires himself out as a mercenary. Renard was hunted by another Double-O who shot the criminal in the head non-fatally. The bullet, still lodged in Renard's head, has been destroying the area of his brain that controls his senses. Renard does not feel pain and is able to, according to the doctor, "push" himself to the limits of human endurance until the bullet eventually kills him. Renard had previously kidnapped Elektra and demanded a high ransom for her return. Elektra, however, was able to escape by seducing her guards and killing them. M now believes that Renard will want to kill Elektra out of revenge. Bond notices that the money he recovered for Robert King is equal to the ransom Renard had, and concludes that it's more a message from Renard than simply recovered money. The MI6 doctor declares Bond fit for duty. Bond visits his armorer, Q, in his lab where he's given several tools for the mission. Q also introduces Bond to his protege, whom Bond laughingly designates, "R." Bond travels to Elektra's location near Baku, Azerbaijan, where she is overseeing the construction of her father's pipeline. Bond joins her on a brief inspection of the line in the mountains; the area is snowed over and they must ski to the right spot. They are attacked by a small group of men piloting "parahawk" vehicles. Bond is able to stop them, causing a few of them to collide with the landscape or each other and explode. The last explosion causes a small avalanche, burying Bond and Elektra. Bond deploys a rapid-inflating sphere to protect them, but Elektra panics from claustrophobia. Bond rapidly frees them from the snow and takes her back to her house to recuperate. Seeking further information about Elektra's attackers, Bond goes to a casino owned by his old enemy, Valentine Zukovsky, to find out more about Renard and the men who attacked him earlier. Zukovsky tells Bond that Renard is a former KGB agent and may be working for Russian oil barons in the region who want the King pipeline destroyed. Bond and Zukovsky are summoned back to the main floor; Elektra has come to the casino to show she isn't afraid of her enemies and in hopes of winning a sizable amount of money using her father's standing credit. She loses on a high-low draw but is gracious in defeat. In another location, Renard meets with a man named Davidov, Elektra's security chief, and a nuclear weapons scientist named Arkov, who also secretly works for Renard. Renard kills Arkov for the failed attack and expressing his unwillingness to continue with the next phase of the mission and orders Davidov to take Arkov's place on a secret mission the next day. Davidov agrees. Bond slips out of Elektra's mansion and goes to Davidov's office, looking for more leads. When Davidov returns, Bond kills him and takes his place on a plane. Renard's men fly him to a remote region of Kazakhstan where an underground nuclear missile facility is being dismantled. Bond meets the head of the project, Dr. Christmas Jones, who is removing all the radioactive material from the warheads. Bond goes down into one of the silos and finds Renard and his men stealing an active warhead. Bond briefly captures Renard, and tries to force the criminal to reveal his plan. Renard resists, feeling no pain from Bond's blows. During the improvised interrogation, Renard uses a phrase Bond had previously heard from Elektra ("There's no point in living if you can't feel alive."). Bond also notices that one of Renard's men has removed the tracking card from the bomb. At that moment, Dr. Jones and a squad of guards come into the room and she accuses Bond of being an impostor. Bond is forced to his knees by Renard, who presses on Bond's injured collarbone. Bond and Renard and the others are about to be arrested when Renard's crew opens fire and try to escape in the melee. Bond tries to stop their escape but fails and he and Jones are trapped in the silo with a bomb planted by Renard. They manage to get out before the bomb explodes. Jones tells Bond they should be able to find the bomb Renard stole quite easily using it's tracking card but Bond shows her the card he'd taken from one of Renard's men. Bond returns to Baku and harshly confronts Elektra about Renard using her motto and about the way Renard knew about Bond's injury. He concludes that Elektra and Renard are working together. When M arrives, Bond gives her the locator card from the bomb and tells her his theory. At that moment, an alarm sounds, indicating trouble on the pipeline. Renard has planted the bomb he stole on an inspection car that's traveling down the pipeline out of control. Bond and Jones use another of the vehicles to catch the bomb. While Jones dismantles the device she finds that only half of the plutonium from the original bomb is there. Bond tells her to let the explosive charge detonate to create the illusion that they were killed. It does and a large section of the pipe is destroyed. Back at Elektra's command center, she gives the visibly upset M a gift: her father's lapel pin. The pin King was wearing when he was killed was a fake that activated the detonator in the money Bond had retrieved. Elektra tells M that she killed her father out of revenge for not paying ransom for her when she had been kidnapped by Renard. M is taken prisoner. Bond and Jones are puzzled as to why Renard only used half of the plutonium. Bond thinks he knows where to look for answers. Bond once again visits Zukovsky, this time at his caviar factory. While trying to gather further information from Zukovsky, they are attacked by helicopters with dangling, circular saw blades. Bond is able to destroy one of the helicopters with missiles fired from his BMW, but the other chopper saws his car in half. Bond uses a flare gun to ignite leaking gas from a nearby pipe, destroying the second helicopter. In the confusion, Zukovsky falls into a pit of his own caviar. While he struggles to free himself, Bond asks him what his connection to Elektra is. The gangster tells him that he'd arranged for his nephew, a Russian submarine captain, to smuggle some machinery out of Istanbul for Elektra. Bond fishes Zukovsky out of the caviar and the Russian agrees to help Bond stop Renard. In Istanbul, Bond and Zukovsky work to discern Renard's plan. They figure out that a nuclear explosion in Istanbul would contaminate the Bosphorus, preventing all shipping out of the Black Sea, and rendering the Russian oil pipelines useless. This would leave the King line with a monopoly. The submarine will be detonated using the stolen plutonium and will look like an accident. When Bond and Zukovsky determine where the sub is docked, near the Maiden's Tower, Zukovsky's assistant, Bullion, rushes out of the room, having planted a bomb. Bond and Jones escape and the bomb goes off, rendering Zukovsky unconscious. Outside the command center, Bond and Jones are captured by Renard's men. Bond is taken to the Maiden's Tower and delivered to Elektra. Renard takes Jones with him to the submarine. Elektra has Bond shackled to an antique chair that causes asphyxiation and she proceeds to torture him. Suddenly, Zukovsky and his men take control of the tower, killing Renard's and Elektra's men. When Zukovsky reaches the room where Elektra has Bond, he sees his nephew's captain's hat on a nearby table, he demands it from Elektra. She shoots Zukovsky with a pistol hidden behind the hat and he falls to the floor. She turns her attention back to Bond, just long enough for Zukovsky to cock the rifle hidden in his cane. He first aims at Elektra, then turns toward Bond and fires, seemingly missing him. Zukovsky passes out, however his shot has freed one of Bond's wrists and he is able to free himself completely. Elektra runs off, Bond takes her pistol and chases her through the tower, stopping briefly to free M. He finds Elektra and demands she call off Renard in the submarine. She tells Bond he'd never kill her and that he'd miss her. She yells through a two-way radio for Renard to proceed with the plan and Bond shoots her, saying "I never miss." Bond leaps from the tower and boards the sub, where Renard has extruded the stolen plutonium into a rod to be inserted into the sub's reactor. Bond kills most of Renard's men but the terrorist locks himself in the reactor room. Bond swims outside the sub, and enters the engine room through a pressure lock. Jones follows, but distracts Bond from his battle with Renard when she needs him to let her in before she drowns. As a result Renard is able to lock Bond and Jones away from the reactor chamber. Bond sees a way to eject the rod using a pneumatic control and the rod impales Renard, killing him. However, the reactor's cooling has been compromised and it will still explode, though not as seriously as Renard planned. Bond and Jones escape through a missile hatch to the surface and are picked up by a passing boat. Back at MI6 HQ, M, Q and the rest of her staff scan satellite channels looking for Bond. They find him in Istanbul, in bed with Dr. Jones. 
 The Full Monty (1997)651) Six unemployed steel workers form a male striptease act. The women cheer them on to go for "the full monty" - total nudity. In the decaying steel mill town of Sheffield in Northern England, friends Gaz and Dave, both now unemployed and on the dole after the closure of most of the town's steel mills, steal scrap metal from the closed mills to supplement their meager income, often with Gaz's twelve year old son, Nathan, on the days Gaz has custody. Still, Gaz is behind in child support payments to his ex-wife, Mandy. When Mandy threatens to sue for full custody in that Gaz can't support Nathan in any way, Gaz, seeing the long line up of women clamoring to get in to see a touring Chippendales styled dance troupe, thinks he can solve his financial and thus custody problems by forming his own male exotic dance troupe with some of his fellow un- or underemployed ex-mill workers. In addition to Dave, he has in mind middle-aged Gerald, their former foreman who has not told his spending-happy wife Linda that he has been unemployed for six months, and Lomper, a mild-mannered security guard who they just met in the act of him trying to commit suicide in his depression. The obvious problem is that with the exception of Gerald who knows how to ballroom dance, they are not generally stripper material, either in looks, skill or temperament, with especially slightly overweight Dave having body image issues, he believing his wife, Jean, having a wandering eye because of what he considers his unappealing looks. In an open casting among those at the employment office, they are able to recruit further misfits Horse, an older man who does know the contemporary dances of his era, and younger Guy, who can't dance and can't sing but loves Singin' in the Rain (1952) and has a natural gift below the belt. Beyond the many obstacles in being able to put together a dance strip act that women would pay to see, they have to overcome their own individual issues, Gaz's which includes Nathan, who loves his father but with who he just wants to do "normal" father/son activities. Huggo Six unemployed steel workers, inspired by the Chippendale's dancers, form a male striptease act. The women cheer them on to go for "the full monty" - total nudity. Jon Reeves (from press kit) <jreeves@imdb.com> The setting is Sheffield England, once the "City of Steel", home of a massive steel industry and jobs aplenty. Today with the industry in decline and the steelworks closed down there is widespread unemployment and despair. Two unemployed friends stumble upon a Chippendales-like show that's very popular with the local women. Eventually they decide they too would like to give it a go, but they can't dance and aren't what most would call good physical specimens. They have their doubts but are determined to give it a shot. On their way they pick up four other unlikely candidates and begin practising for the big night. To drum up interest, they boast they'll go 'the full monty' (a phrase meaning 'all the way' - nude), something they hadn't planned and aren't sure they can deliver. Will they ?, won't they ?, can they keep their antics from their families ?, can they stay out of trouble ? can they pull a crowd ?. All will be revealed, well maybe. Rob Hartill Sheffield, England. Once a bright community "on the move", the city has fallen into ruin after the steel factories are closed and thousands of men lose their jobs. Gary "Gaz" is a former worker and about to lose his son because he can't pay for joint custody. His friends (and former co-workers) aren't doing much better: Dave is depressed and convinced his wife isn't interested in their marriage anymore; Lomper has to take care of his mom and is suicidal; and Gerald has been lying to his wife for six months about his unemployment. After stumbling across a Chipendales dance club and seeing how many women are paying for it (ten quid times a thousand women equals... "a lot of money"), Gaz realizes that if they can do it, so can he. The guys pull together, adding Horse and Guy to the line-up. But Gaz realizes that they have to offer something that the "real thing" doesn't... so these guys are going "the full monty", which means going totally nude! They not be young, they not be pretty, they not be very good, but they're there, and for one night only, with nothing to lose, they're daring to go The Full Monty! Lex Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Full Monty begins with 6 steelworkers in the North of England being laid off. Gaz, Dave (Gaz' best mate), Nathan (Gaz's son), Lomper (the mill security guard), Gerald (the foreman at the mill before it closed) Horse (a good dancer) and Guy (a well-endowed man who can't dance) decide that after seeing the girls go crazy in the bar for a stripper. However, nobody has ever done 'The Full Monty', so the guys are prepared to give it a go in order to earn some money to pay the bills and live. Gaz also has a son called Nathan, from his ex-wife Mandy, who helps them with the dance routine. Gaz is not a great father, but he does his best. His ex-wife clearly doesn't like him and berates him for picking up his son late and not paying the child support, one of the many bills he can't pay because he is unemployed. Nevertheless, all six boys start rehearsing and audition some other people to join their group. Gaz needs to pay 100 if he wants to book the club to perform on the night, which he can't afford. Luckily, Nathan uses the money from his savings and the gig is back on! Dave drops out as he thinks he is too fat and becomes a security guard at Asda. Gaz spots him on his weekly shop, confronts him, then steals from the shop and runs away. Dave can't catch him. The guys are putting up posters for the show when they are spotted by two girls. Gaz boasts that they are better than other strip-tease acts as they do 'The Full Monty'. In the warehouse where they practice, they do a public dress rehearsal in front of horse's female members of the family. This ends badly as Gaz's son is with them (he is on the music) and the gang gets spotted by a policeman, who is on the beat, patrolling the street. They make a run for it, but Gaz, Gerald, and horse are caught and arrested for indecent exposure. Gaz now can't see his son, Nathan, who he needs to play the music at his strip-tease act. Lomper and Guy escape to Lomper's house where the two look lovingly at each other. Gerald gets thrown out by his wife after the bailiffs come and he goes to stay with Gaz. In the club, Gaz refuses to go on because the policeman is there as well as some other men when it says girls only. His son persuades him to go on and they all have a lot of fun together. The film ends with the strip act! 
 Ravenous (1999)44) In a remote military outpost in the 19th century, Captain John Boyd and his regiment embark on a rescue mission which takes a dark turn when they are ambushed by a sadistic cannibal. Captain John Boyd receives a promotion after defeating the enemy command in a battle of the Mexican-American War, but because the general realizes it was an act of cowardice that got him there, he is given a backhanded promotion to Fort Spencer, where he is third in command. The others at the fort are two Indians, George and his sister, Martha, who came with the place, Chaplain Toffler, Reich, the soldier; Cleaves, a drugged-up cook; and Knox, who is frequently drunk. When a Scottish stranger named Colquhoun appears and recovers from frostbite almost instantly after being bathed, he tells a story about his party leader, Ives, eating members of the party to survive. As part of their duty, they must go up to the cave where this occurred to see if any have survived. Only Martha, Knox, and Cleaves stay behind. George warns that since Colquhoun admits to eating human flesh, he must be a Windigo, a ravenous cannibalistic creature. Scott Hutchins <scottandrewh@home.com> Despite being promoted to US Army Captain for his acts of heroism during the Mexican-American War, John Boyd, in the approach to winter 1847, is nonetheless reassigned by his commanding officer, General Slauson, from San Miguel to the remote outpost of Fort Spencer located on the western side of the Sierra Nevadas, it which is primarily used as a way station for those traversing the mountains. It operates on a skeleton crew during the off season, this season having a ragtag crew of five army personnel led by Colonel Hart, plus two local indigenous persons who "come with the fort", adult siblings George and Martha. Shortly after Boyd's arrival at Fort Spencer, a barely alive man, F.W. Colqhoun, stumbles into their environs. After they are able to nurse him back to some health, Colqhoun tells a story of his party surviving on cannibalism on those that died of malnutrition, turning to the party leader, a U.S. Army Colonel Ives, ending up having an insatiable appetite for human flesh leading to him killing other members of the party. As such, Colqhoun escaped from Ives, leaving only one other survivor of their party, a Mrs. MacCready, alone with Ives. Following Colqhoun's directions, Colonel Hart leads a small team to the cave where Colqhoun left Ives to rescue Mrs. MacCready, if she is still alive, and bring Colonel Ives to justice for his heinous acts. This mission begins what ends up being the cat and mouse game between Ives and specifically Boyd. The progress of the game and its outcome are largely affected by Boyd's own demons - which arose from the war and were the reason he was reassigned - Ives having a short term goal which has a more sustainable long term outcome, if there is any truth to the indigenous legend, told by George, that those that eat the flesh of their enemies absorb both the strength and spirit of the consumed, and the balance between Boyd and Ives' individual instinct for survival versus their moral strength. Huggo A soldier in the Mexican-American war in 1847 is promoted to captain for his perceived bravery but is soon transferred to a remote outpost in the Sierra Nevadas when the cowardly truth becomes evident. The outpost's keepers seem on the brink of madness in their own ways, and what passes for their tranquility is shattered by the intrusion of the lone survivor of an ill-fated expedition that ended in murder and cannibalism. Brian J. Wright <tyrannorabbit@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 