nm0000610:

 Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow (2004)431) After New York City receives a series of attacks from giant flying robots, a reporter teams up with a pilot in search of their origin, as well as the reason for the disappearances of famous scientists around the world. In 1939, an intrepid reporter in New York City makes a connection between the story she's covering, of famous scientists suddenly disappearing around the world, and a recent attack on the city by giant robots. Determined to find the solution to these happenings, she seeks the help of her ex-boyfriend, the Captain of a mercenary legion of pilots. The two are investigating the case when the robots attack the city again, though in a stroke of luck, Sky Captain Harry Joseph "Joe" Sullivan's right-hand man Dex (Giovanni Ribisi) is able to locate their source. They then set off on an adventure in search of the evil mastermind behind these schemes, who is bent on creating a utopia and destroying the current world. Apster The lives of reporter Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and her ex-boyfriend, Harry Joseph "Joe" Sullivan (Jude Law), intersect. For the past three years, large robots have been roaming the Earth, taking what they need, and vanishing as quickly as they appeared. Joe and his technical assistant Dex (Giovanni Ribisi) have been investigating and battling these mysterious robots. Meanwhile, many of the world's scientists have been systematically kidnapped. Dr. Jennings (Trevor Baxter), believing that he is the next target, tells what little he knows to Polly. His beliefs are that Dr. Totenkopf (Sir Laurence Olivier), who has not been heard from in over thirty years, is carrying out a project he started prior to World War I, this project which may be associated with these robots. Polly and Joe, with Dex, join forces to find Totenkopf, which may not be easy due to their still antagonistic relationship. As they piece together Totenkopf's plot, Polly and Joe realize that stopping him from carrying out his grand plan of creating his version of a Utopian society may not be as easy as killing him. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film is set in New York City in 1939. The moment his zeppelin docks in New York, Dr. Vargas ( Julian Curry ) sends a pair of bullet-like metal vials to Dr. Jennings, another scientist; within moments, Dr. Vargas is gone and his name is crossed off a list. Dr. Jennings ( Trevor Baxter ) arranges to meet reporter Polly Perkins ( Gwyneth Paltrow ) during a showing of The Wizard of Oz (1939) at Radio City Music Hall. They discuss the disappearance of the world's top scientists, and he reveals that he knows who will be next: himself. He hints that he and the missing men have a connection, and whispers the name of the man behind the disappearances: Totenkopf. (Totenkopf is German for death's head.) Jennings drops a blueprint, which Polly picks up. Polly's return to the office is sidetracked when New York is invaded by flying robots that shoot laser rays out of their heads and crush people and property under their enormous feet. The overwhelmed military broadcasts a call for help to someone called Sky Captain. As Polly runs along the streets photographing the robots and gathering information for a story, Sky Captain ( Jude Law ), a.k.a. Joe Sullivan, appears in his Warhawk airplane, which is equipped with amazing high-tech modifications, to fight the monsters. He trips up several robots and the rest are driven off. Joe has one of the downed mechas taken to a base near New York, home of his mercenary air force, and turns it over to his gum-chewing technical expert Dex ( Giovanni Ribisi ). Polly follows and surprises Joe in his office. Polly and Joe have a back-story; they were an item some years before in Nanjing, but split up amid suspicions on her part that he was cheating and on his that she sabotaged his plane. Polly uses Dr. Jennings' blueprint, which turns out to be a plan for the killer robots, as leverage to convince Joe to work with her -- and let her ride along when he goes after the robots. First Polly and Joe go to see Dr. Jennings in his laboratory, but they arrive too late. He's been attacked by a mysterious woman in black ( Bai Ling ), who escapes from Joe while Polly speaks to the dying scientist. Jennings gives her the two metal vials he received from Dr. Vargas and says that if Totenkopf acquires them, he'll destroy the world. He dies before he can explain. Back at Joe's base, the robots attack again. Joe, following Polly's directions, leads them on a nearly street-level flying chase through Manhattan while Dex tries to trace the source of the robots' control signal. Joe throws off the pursuing robots by diving his plane into the ocean. Polly's sure they're going to die, but the plane can function as a submarine so they're able to resurface and fly back to base. They arrive in time to exchange fire with a departing squad of robots lead by the mysterious woman in black. The robots have taken Dex, but a brief search reveals that Dex left a clue. Stuck to a downed girder with bubblegum is a scrap of map on which he marked the source of the control signal: a remote valley in the Himalayas. Joe and Polly take off immediately to get Dex back. In Nepal Kaji ( Omid Djalili ), a contact of Joe's, reluctantly agrees to take them to the valley of Shambala. He notes that in Hebrew it's called Eden, "and you may know it as Shangri-la." A trek through the snowy mountains with Kaji and a couple of guides brings them to an old mine, where the guides trap Polly and Joe in a vault rigged with dynamite and make off with the metal vials, which Polly had never mentioned to Joe. Kaji finds them and lets them out in time to save their lives, but not Polly's extra film. (She has only two shots left in her camera and spends the rest of the movie agonizing over how to use them.) The explosion knocks them out and the three of them wake up naked in a large, richly appointed bed. A Nepalese monk comes in and tells them (via Kaji) that they are in Shangri-la. He agrees to help them when they say that they're after Dr. Totenkopf. Totenkopf had forced the people of Shangri-la to work in the "poisoned mine" -- a uranium mine -- and all but one of the miners have died. They ask to speak with the survivor, who gives them a cane that he says will guide them to Totenkopf's base. In return for this favor, the horribly disfigured miner asks them to kill him. Back in the plane, Joe and Polly use the inscriptions on the cane to plot a course to Totenkopf's location, which Joe marks with an X on the map. Then he makes another X, somewhat closer to them than the first. "What's that point there?" asks Polly. "That's where we run out of fuel," Joe replies. Joe radios a message to his old friend Franky, who commands a secret British airborne air base where he hopes they can refuel. Shortly after the plane's tank runs dry and they begin a gliding descent, the air base materializes out of the clouds and they're able to land safely. Franky turns out to be Commander Francesca Cook ( Angelina Jolie ), who Polly realizes must be Joe's other woman when Franky mentions Nanjing. She leads her amphibious squadron to escort Joe and Polly to the island they've identified as Totenkopf's hideout. Franky and her squadron distract the robot guardian of the hideout's underwater entrance so that Joe's plane can slip through. As they disembark, Polly sees the registration number on the fuselage reflected in the water: h-110d, inverted, reads "polly." She doesn't say anything to Joe. In the island's huge underground base, a spaceship is being loaded with animals. (Joe is astonished that Polly doesn't find this spectacle worthy of her last remaining frame of film.) Dex turns up in a kind of flying flat-bed truck to rescue Joe and Polly from some of Totenkopf's robots. Dex has also rescued several of the scientists who disappeared. They tell Polly and Joe that the spaceship is meant to give life a fresh start on a new world that Totenkopf calls the World of Tomorrow. In addition to the animals, the ship will carry the mysterious vials, which contain genetic material for a new, improved human race -- Totenkopf's Adam and Eve. However, after the ship takes off its booster rocket will destroy the Earth. The group locates Totenkopf's quarters, but they're booby-trapped, and one of the scientists is electrocuted trying to get in. The booby-trap triggers a projection of the head of Dr. Totenkopf ( Laurence Olivier ), a la the Wizard in The Wizard of Oz (1939) . Totenkopf condemns "a world consumed by hatred and bent on self-destruction." He concludes, "I am the last desperate chance for a doomed planet. Now, leave this place or die!" Dex disables the booby-trap and the party enters the villain's study to find Totenkopf's dessicated, long-dead corpse clutching a note that says "Forgive me." Joe, deciding that he'll have to board the spaceship to stop it, first socks Polly in the jaw -- if she's unconscious, she can't insist on coming along and she'll be safe. As he attempts to get inside the ship, he's attacked by the woman in black, who turns out to be a robot. Polly turns up to save him, and gives him a sock in the jaw for good measure. Joe and Polly go aboard and cross a narrow bridge over the deep, hollow core of the ship to reach the controls. The rocket takes off and begins a countdown toward the release of the booster stage, which will destroy the planet. As Joe and Polly struggle to turn off the booster, the robot in black attacks again. Joe fends her off and uses her raygun to disable the booster. He and Polly get away in an escape pod just before the rocket blows up without harming the Earth. They land in the water, surrounded by pods containing animals from Totenkopf's space-ark, which Polly released before they disabled the booster. Polly pans around in search of an image for her final photograph and finally settles on Joe. After she snaps the shutter, he looks disturbed. Polly: "You don't have to say anything." Joe: "Lens cap." 
 Avatar (2009)431) A paraplegic Marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home. When his brother is killed in a robbery, paraplegic Marine Jake Sully decides to take his place in a mission on the distant world of Pandora. There he learns of greedy corporate figurehead Parker Selfridge's intentions of driving off the native humanoid "Na'vi" in order to mine for the precious material scattered throughout their rich woodland. In exchange for the spinal surgery that will fix his legs, Jake gathers knowledge, of the Indigenous Race and their Culture, for the cooperating military unit spearheaded by gung-ho Colonel Quaritch, while simultaneously attempting to infiltrate the Na'vi people with the use of an "avatar" identity. While Jake begins to bond with the native tribe and quickly falls in love with the beautiful alien Neytiri, the restless Colonel moves forward with his ruthless extermination tactics, forcing the soldier to take a stand - and fight back in an epic battle for the fate of Pandora. The Massie Twins On the lush alien world of Pandora live the Na'vi, beings who appear primitive but are highly evolved. Because the planet's environment is poisonous, human/Na'vi hybrids, called Avatars, must link to human minds to allow for free movement on Pandora. Jake Sully, a paralyzed former Marine, becomes mobile again through one such Avatar and falls in love with a Na'vi woman. As a bond with her grows, he is drawn into a battle for the survival of her world. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens with a sweeping shot high across the treeline of a lush, green rainforest. Intercut is a sequence of images of Jake Sully ( Sam Worthington ), a crippled war veteran and former Marine. He wakes up in a giant spaceship on its way to Pandora, a thickly-forested Earth-like moon orbiting Polyphemus, a giant blue planet similar to Jupiter. He is one of a large number of passengers, all waking up after almost six years of cryosleep en route to Pandora. Drifting out of his sleeping pod in zero G he's tended by the ship's staff. He opens his locker, which is marked SULLY T. Jake tells us that he has a deceased twin brother -- Tom, a scientist -- who was to be part of a high-level program overseen by corporate and military strategists to study the environment and inhabitants of Pandora. Because Jake and his brother are an exact genetic match, he was presented with a unique opportunity: take over his brother's contract with a corporate-military entity and travel light years away to an outpost on the previously glimpsed world, Pandora. Acknowledging the notions of "being free" and having a "fresh start," Jake agrees to the deal as his brother's body is cremated. Now being transported from the spaceship to Pandora via a shuttle, Jake is one of many soldiers and civilian personnel about to touch down on Pandora, some 4.3 light years from Earth. We catch views of the base and its construction and immense mining machines digging up the soil in a large quarry as Jake ponders his new role. The passengers are all instructed to wear a full-face breathing mask since the atmosphere of the planet will not support human life; 20 seconds of exposure to the poisonous atmosphere of the planet causes unconsciousness, with death occurring about four minutes later. While the other passengers disembark and take their first steps onto the base, called "Hell's Gate," which is surrounded by a huge perimeter fence. Jake follows them in his wheelchair, earning the moniker "Meals on Wheels" from a few haughty Marines. He acknowledges through voice-over that he lost the use of his legs during one of his tours of duty on Earth, and while a spinal injury like his can be fixed it "takes money," which is tough to come by in the present economy. Jake goes immediately to a military briefing where Colonel Miles Quaritch ( Stephen Lang ) is addressing the assembled soldiers and a few civilians who have come along. He reminds them they're "not in Kansas any more," and he tells them about Pandora's indigenous population, the Na'vi. Quaritch, sporting a heavy set of scars on the side of his head, says they are "hard to kill" and practically everything "out there" will try to kill you. And, while it's his job to keep his people alive, he says he will not succeed in this task -- "not with all of you." If they wish to survive, he continues, they will have to follow "Pandora rules." Jake goes to a science lab where he meets biologist Norm Spellman ( Joel David Moore ) and Dr. Max Patel ( Dileep Rao ), two members of the Avatar Program. As Jake gets his first look at his own avatar, we learn about the program itself: humans are unable to breathe Pandora's air, but the Avatar Program enables a human to link with their own avatar, a genetically-bred human-Na'vi hybrid, and function as if they were a Na'vi native. In his avatar body, Jake will be able to walk again and breathe the atmosphere. The avatars look very much like their human "drivers". When Norm tells Jake his avatar looks like him, Jake profoundly says it looks like his dead brother. Jake and Norm enter the science department just about the time Dr. Grace Augustine ( Sigourney Weaver ), the program's science lead, awakens in a specially designed pod that links her to her avatar and flips open the top. Norm says to Jake he hears she likes "plants better than people." She arises from her pod and converses in Na'vi with Norm. Satisfied with Norm's command of the language, she turns to Jake. She tells him she needs his brother Tom, the PhD who trained 3 years for the Pandora mission, but she doesn't need Jake since Jake has no lab experience and has never been linked to an avatar. Jake tries to imply that he's a quick learner but the ill-tempered Grace isn't impressed. Grace storms off to the base's control room to confront Parker Selfridge ( Giovanni Ribisi ), base commander and representative for the Resources Development Administration (RDA), an corporation that oversees all military and other personnel on the colony. He tells her Jake will serve as a security escort on her team while they're on the planet's surface. Grace tells Parker she needs a researcher, not a "jarhead dropout." She doubts Jake will be of any use to her botanical research. Parker replies, saying he disagrees, saying they "lucked out" with Jake. Since he's a perfect genetic match for the avatar intended for his twin brother, they can use his military skills in an avatar body toward the overall objective of the operation -- mining the mineral unobtanium, a potent source of energy that sells for many millions a kilo, and can bring cheap power back to a dying Earth. Parker tells Grace one way to help accomplish this objective is to win the hearts and minds of the natives, to obtain their cooperation. Grace argues that many of the Na'vi have been killed by the military under the auspices of Selfridge's operation. Back in the lab next morning, Jake and Norm are linked to their avatars for the first time. Jake, in his avatar, wakes up in a different room with other avatars and staff. Within a few moments, Jake is making his handlers nervous because, overjoyed with his ability to move his legs again, he is moving too quickly and trying to walk, the first time he has been able to do so since becoming a paraplegic. The human lab workers cannot stop him; a Na'vi is over 10 feet tall, sometimes closer to 12 feet, and far stronger than humans. When his long tail knocks over instruments, a staff member tells him to stop and lie down again. Jake ignores him and bursts out of the room and into the daylight. He finds himself in a recreation area where other avatars are playing sports and staff, in their protective gear, are performing various duties. Jake meets Grace's avatar, who, better-tempered than human Grace, accompanies Jake to the barracks where he is eventually encouraged to rest. Before he lies down to sleep, Jake inspects his neural queue, a long appendage that looks like a braid of hair. At the end of his queue is a cluster of hidden tendrils. When the avatar sleeps, the link is broken and Jake himself awakens. Jake later meets Trudy Chacon ( Michelle Rodriguez ), a retired Marine pilot with whom he'll spend several weeks getting used to his avatar and exploring Pandora. Jake will serve as the door gunner on her crew. Jake meets with Col. Quaritch, who is lifting weights. The Colonel tells Jake he's looked up his service record and was impressed with what he accomplished on some of his tours, including one in Venezuela. The Colonel warns Jake about the dangers awaiting him on Pandora. He also states his belief that the Avatar Program is a joke but that it offers an opportunity for a unique reconnaissance mission: If Jake can find out and tell the Colonel what he wants to know about the natives (how to persuade them to move away from the unobtanium ore deposits and how to hit them hard if they won't), the Colonel will see to it that Jake gets the surgery he needs to regain use of his legs. The Colonel climbs into an AMP suit -- a bipedal exoskeleton used for missions on Pandora -- and moves off. Relinked with his avatar, Jake flies over Pandora's surface in Trudy's gunship, along with Grace, Norm, and others. The team lands in a forest, where Grace and Norm begin to take samples of the flora and make measurements. Jake is distracted by his surroundings and wanders into a field of helicoradian flowers, which are quite tall and shrink at Jake's touch. Trouble arrives when a titanothere -- a heavily-armored, hammerheaded creature -- confronts Jake. Grace orders him to stand his ground and not shoot, or else the animal will get angry and charge. His armor is too thick for guns to have any effect anyway. Jake successfully holds his ground, but only because another beast, a panther-like thanator, has approached him from behind and has caused the titanotheres to retreat and surround their young. The thanator then turns to Jake. Grace tells him to run, and he's pursued by the thanator in a chase that separates Jake from his crew. He loses his gun and is downed by the animal, but frees himself by releasing his backpack. Ultimately, the chase leads to a waterfall, where Jake jumps to safety, leaving the thanator roaring above him. Jake's crew searches for him but Trudy says they'll have to return to base since night ops are not allowed. Grace says he won't last the night. It's now night and we see Jake sharpening a long stick into a spear Jake is being watched from above, this time by a Na'vi. The Na'vi aims an arrow at Jake and is about to shoot, but decides against it when small, ethereal, luminescent creatures land on her bow. (Later we learn they are "very pure spirits," also known as the "seeds of Eywa", the Na'vis all-powerful god.) The archer retreats. Jake is stalked by a pack of viperwolves. He dips the end of his spear into a combustible pitch-like liquid. He lights the end and uses it as a a torch against the viperwolves, who encircle him, teeth bared, jaws gnashing. The animals attack Jake; he fights back, kills some, and is taken down by others. The archer who was observing Jake joins the battle on his side. She kills some viperwolves and causes the rest to flee. She tenderly puts out of their misery some whimpering wounded animals and says prayers over them. Jake attempts to thank her for helping him fight off the attackers. She meets his thanks with scorn, tells him all this is his fault, that they did not need to die, and that he should "go back" to where he came from. Jake asks if she feels that way, why she helped him. "You have a strong heart. No fear," she explains. "But stupid!" Jake attempts to follow his rescuer up into a tree, asks for her help, and says he wants to learn. He's repulsed and told to "go back," that sky people can't be taught. Just then, the seeds of Eywa reappear and start to land on the nervous Jake. He asks what they are. "Very pure spirits," she replies, and Jake is covered by them, making an impression on his companion. When the seeds drift off, she relents and tells him to come with her. As Jake tries to keep up with his rescuer, Neytiri ( Zoe Saldana ), he is felled by a bolo thrown by a patrol of Omaticayan warriors. Their leader is Tsu'Tey ( Laz Alonso ), next in line to the throne and the man Neytiri is expected to marry. Neytiri stops them from harming Jake by telling them "there has been a sign from Eywa." Tsu'Tey tells his men to "bring him" along to "tashik" (father, approximate spelling) and "eywa" (mother). Jake is presented to Neytiri's parents, Eytukan ( Wes Studi ) and Mo'at ( CCH Pounder ), who are the king and queen of the tribe, respectively. Jake tells the elders that he is a warrior -- a "dreamwalker" -- and his intention is to learn from them. Mo'at pricks Jake's chest and tastes his blood, decreeing it is the will of Eywa for him to live with the Omaticaya, and for Neytiri, however reluctantly, to be his teacher in their ways and customs. After a ritual gathering, Jake is brought to his bed, a leaf high up in the "Hometree" that encircles him like a cocoon. As he falls asleep, human Jake is revived. At morning chow, all the scientists, including Grace, are focused on everything Jake has to say. Norm seems very disappointed and sullen; he was Grace's original choice to bond with the Omaticaya. Even the military and corporate reps have warmed to Jake. Hometree sits atop a massive deposit of unobtanium so Jake appears to be their best shot at convincing the Omaticaya to move -- or advising the Colonel on how to force them to do so. He's informed that he has three months to achieve his objective before the bulldozers arrive. The next scenes revolve around avatar Jake's training with Neytiri and human Jake's reports on his experiences via the videolog he dictates after every day's activity. He bonds with his direhorse, an important animal to the Na'vi. Jake must learn to mount the animal and connect his neural queue to its antenna. Human Jake continues to report on the Hometree's infrastructure and other Na'vi details. Jake has a difficult time learning how to control his direhorse and is often referred to as "skxawng" ("skown") by Neytiri and Tsu'tey, which he tells us means "moron." Jake reports back to the Colonel and Selfridge about the Omaticaya's home, the giant Hometree. Underneath it is a large deposit of unobtanium. Jake tells them about the structure of the 1000 foot tall tree. Quaritch sees an opportunity to destroy the tree but Jake request he be allowed to negotiate with the Na'vi and convince them to leave. Sensing that Jake is being manipulated by Quaritch, Selfridge and the rest of the military section of the mining operation, Grace decides to take her operation "out of Dodge." She moves them into the Hallelujah Mountains, a remote region of immense, floating islands that are sacred to the Na'vi and are also rich in unobtanium. Grace wants her turf away from the RDA officials and military types at the base. In his next videolog, Jake discusses his language lessons and says his time with the Na'vi is like "field-stripping a weapon." Enough repetition and you can't help but learn it. This is intercut with scenes of his continued training with Neytiri, who teaches him about the Na'vi-forest connection. She tells Jake that all energy is borrowed and one day we have to give it back. Jake seems to comprehend this, and as he says a prayer for an animal he hunted and just killed, Neytiri says that he is ready for an important rite of passage: to bond with and ride a "declan" -- a flying mountain banshee. To reach the banshee's nesting grounds, Jake must accompany Neytiri, Tsu'Tey and two other Na'vi trainees to the highest region of the Hallelujah Mountains. Several factors (the height, the ferocity of the untamed banshees) make this a dangerous lesson, but Jake's lack of fear and successful bond with his banshee earn him the grudging respect of the Na'vi warriors present, even Tsu'Tey. He makes the bond with the tendrils in his queue, and as he rides the flying animal he remarks that he's not much of a horseman but he was "born to do this." Jake, Neytiri, and the others ride together to the Tree of Souls, the most sacred place to the Na'vi. While flying on a hunting sortie, Jake and Neytiri are suddenly pursued and attacked by a creature known to the Na'vi as toruk, a giant and brightly-colored flying mountain banshee with murderous intentions toward everything that flies. Neytiri says its name means "last shadow" -- the toruk's shadow, once seen, is usually the "last shadow one ever gets to see," as its attack is almost always fatal. Back at Hometree, Neytiri shows Jake the skeleton of a precursor of the present toruk. She tells him the last person to ride a toruk was her grandfather's grandfather, who used the animal to unite the five Na'vi tribes in a time of great sorrow. Such a person would earn the title Toruk Mato, "Rider of the Last Shadow." When Jake comes back to his human form, it's clear he's been changed by this latest experience, for he says, "out there is the real world ... in here is the dream." The Colonel comes over to him to tell him his mission is accomplished and he's to return to Earth that day. And good to his word, the Colonel has arranged for Jake to get the treatment he needs to regain use of his legs. Jake wishes to delay his departure because he says he's right at the point at which he's to be initiated into the tribe and accepted as one of them, and then would have the status to negotiate with the Na'vi to relocate. The Colonel acquiesces. Jake attends a Na'vi ceremony, where he learns the Na'vi believe that every person can be born twice. Neytiri leads Jake to a place of prayer, the "tree of voices," where they use their queues to bond with the tree. Neytiri tells Jake he can make a bow from the tree ... and that he can choose a woman. Jake tells Neytiri that he has already chosen her, and she says that she has chosen him. They sleep together under the tree and Jake wakes up back in the lab. In the morning, Neytiri awakens to falling trees, then the presence of bulldozers. Soldiers are advancing as the forest falls around Neytiri, who is dragging and carrying Jake to safety. At their remote spot, Jake is getting ready to link with his avatar and when he finally revives, Jake climbs onto one of the bulldozers and tries to stop it, eventually smashing its camera system and drawing some gunfire. Other Na'vi warriors arrive, while the Colonel, reviewing films back at the base, recognizes Jake in his avatar form as the person who tried to stop their mission. The bulldozers continue their operation, wiping out the sacred ground. At Hometree, the Na'vi want war. Grace and Jake argue against it. There's an intense debate. Tsu'Tey tries to kill Jake, jealous at having learned that Jake and Neytiri are mated for life when he and Neytiri were betrothed. Jake declares he is a Na'vi and deserves the right to speak. Suddenly, both Grace and Jake's avatars fall unconscious as the links between them and their human forms are abruptly broken by the enraged Colonel, who arrests Jake for trying to stop the bulldozers. Grace and Jake face off with RDA and military brass. Grace reveals that Pandora's trees form a network that has more neural connections than exist in the human brain and that the Na'vi can tap into that network. Consequently, the Omaticaya will never leave Hometree. Parker and the Colonel discuss options. He will launch an attack on Hometree and us gas bombs to drive out the Na'vi. Jake presses to be allowed to return to the Omaticaya to try to convince them to leave, and he's granted one hour to achieve that objective. Jake and Grace are not welcomed back. Neytiri rejects Jake. Both Jake and Grace are bound and left behind by the Omaticaya, who are preparing to fight against the humans, who have arrived in a large fleet of flying ships. The fleet launches gas canisters into Hometree and the surrounding area. As the battle escalates, most of the weaponry is targeted at the root structure of Hometree, which is toppled by a series of explosions and heavy artillery. Many Omaticaya are killed. Mo'at frees Jake and Grace and asks them to save the tribe. Jake arrives and is rejected again by Neytiri when he tries to console her. Neytiri's father Eytukan is killed by a large piece of shrapnel; his dying wish is for Neytiri to take his sacred bow and assume leadership of their people. The destruction seems endless, and, suddenly, Jake and Grace return to their human bodies and are promptly placed under arrest for treason. Norm is also arrested for trying to prevent soldiers from disabling their avatar forms. The Na'vi gather at the Tree of Souls. Trudy arrives at the cell which holds Jake, Grace, and Norm. She dupes their guard by saying she wants nothing to do with them, only to knock out the guard an instant later. As they prepare to flee the base, Grace is shot and wounded by the Colonel. The team flies Trudy's ship to the remote lab in the floating mountains and they take a pod to another spot in the forest. Jake returns to his avatar body. The hopeful reunion with the Omaticaya is not to be, initially. Jake is an outcast, an alien. So he makes a bold decision: he realizes that to regain the trust of the Na'vi, he has to take things to a higher level. He summons his banshee and sets off to find the toruk. His strategy is simple but can easily result in death; Jake believes that the toruk never looks for an attack above himself and thus he can be approached that way. Jake jumps off his banshee and onto the back of the toruk. We next see him arrive riding the toruk at the Tree of Souls in the middle of an Omaticayan ceremony. Jake has successfully bonded with the toruk. The Omaticaya are stunned to see their greatest legend come true. Jake dismounts and makes his way through the crowd of Na'vi, who, awed, part before him. When he reaches Neytiri, each holds out an arm to the other and she says "I see you." Tsu'Tey, who is now tribe leader, concedes Jake's new role of Toruk Mato. He accords Jake much respect. Jake convinces Mo'at to help Grace, who is dying. Mo'at begins the preparations, which involve getting Grace's human and avatar bodies in place at the Tree of Souls. The idea is to permanently transfer Grace's consciousness to her avatar. Mo'at lets it be known that Grace must pass through the eye of Eywa, and that the great mother might choose to let her pass through to her avatar self, or she might opt to have Grace remain with her. The ritual is not successful, though before she dies, Grace tells Jake that she has seen Eywa. Jake, heartbroken and furious, speaks as Toruk Mato and says it's time to 'send a message' to the sky people that this is their, the Na'vi's, land. But to do so, they first must go to each of the Na'vi clans to ask them to come and fight as one. Tsu'tey will be the Omaticayan's new clan leader and will also help rally other clans to fight with them. The human military have picked up the infusion of Na'vi into the area, from a few hundred to 2000 within a day. At this rate, the Colonel says as he addresses his troops, the Na'vi will soon total 20,000, at which point their perimeter will be overrun. Rather than let that happen, he continues, they must stage a pre-emptive attack while they still can. Their plan is to turn a space shuttle into the carrier of a massive bomb. Their target is the Tree of Souls, and the attack is planned for 0600 the next day. They believe that if they destroy the Tree of Souls, the Na'vi will go away and never come near this place again. Jake is busy rallying the Omaticaya. At the Tree of Souls, he uses his queue to bond with the tree and asks Eywa to look into Grace's memories, stressing that humankind killed their mother (Earth), the entity that protects the balance of life. Neytiri appears and tells Jake that Eywa does not take sides. Quaritch masses his fleet, mostly as protection for the Valkyrie shuttle. The bombship and the fleet move toward the Tree of Souls. The united Na'vi force begins to arrive from the sky and on the ground. Jake on his toruk, Tsu'Tey, and other warriors engage in battle with the military aircraft, mainly Scorpion assault ships. Casualties mount on both sides. The gunships have unmatched firepower, but are no match for the declans, who grab hold of them and smash them against each other. Jake, riding the toruk, is pursued and shot at by Col. Quaritch's Dragonfly ship; Trudy arrives and opens fire on the Colonel's command ship; Neytiri's banshee is shot down and killed; Norm's avatar is mortally wounded and he jumps back to his human form; Tsu'Tey takes on the bombship and is killed in the attempt; Trudy dies when her ship is destroyed in a hail of gunfire from Quaritch's Dragonfly. Neytiri watches this action from the ground. Jake attempts to contact Tsu'Tey and is unsuccessful, as is his attempt to reach Trudy. Meanwhile, the bombship closes in on the Tree of Souls. Jake tells Neytiri via communicator to disengage from the fight. Suddenly, through what's left of the surrounding forest, a battalion of Titanotheres, Pandora's heavily armored dinosaur-like animals, arrives and engages the Earth forces. They quickly lay waste to infantry and soldiers in AMP suits. Overjoyed that Eywa has heard Jake's plea for help, Neytiri rejoins the fight with many other of Pandora's species behind her. When a thanator appears nearby, it bows to her submissively. Jake and his toruk take to the sky to confront the bombship as the military's ground forces retreat in disarray. Approaching from above, Jake grenades the bombship. It crashes in flames and explosions well away from the Tree of Souls. Jake also throws explosives into vulnerable parts of the command ship. It begins to burn and go down. Col. Quaritch puts on an AMP suit and jumps free of the command ship before it disintegrates in a ball of flames. He finds himself at the temporary camp set up by Grace. In the camp, Jake is inside his avatar pod. Quaritch, set on killing Jake, is now attacked by a thanator that Neytiri had bonded with and ridden to the site. With the aid of his AMP suit the Colonel kills the thanator and Neytiri is trapped underneath it. Before the Colonel has a chance to kill Neytiri, Jake arrives in his avatar. The two engage in combat, the Colonel in his AMP suit and Jake as his avatar, armed only with a piece of pipe. Jake smashes the suit's plastic canopy, the Colonel pops it off, dons a breathing mask, and, before he moves off toward the structures that house the pods, asks Jake how it feels to have betrayed his race. "You think you're one of them? Time to wake up," he taunts, as he smashes into the mobile lab, looking for Jake's pod, intent on destroying it and human Jake. The battle resumes. Jake is grabbed by an arm of the AMP suit and hangs from his queue before the Colonel. Meanwhile, Neytiri has almost freed herself. The Colonel now moves Jake closer to him and reaches for his knife, intending to finish Jake by slitting his throat. Suddenly, Neytiri shoots an arrow at the Colonel, impaling him through the center of his chest. The Colonel, reeling, is unable to continue his attack on Jake. Neytiri's second arrow lodges right next to the first. It brings the Colonel in the AMP suit to the ground. However, much damage has been done to the lab, which is leaking in the planet's poisonous atmosphere. Human Jake is awake but having difficulty both breathing and trying to get a mask on. Neytiri arrives and helps Jake on with his mask. Cradling human Jake, she says, "I see you." It's the first time they have seen each other face-to-face. Back at Hell's Gate, most of the remaining humans are being marched into a shuttle to be sent back to Earth; however, a select few Earth people, such as Norm and Dr. Patel, are invited to stay on Pandora. Jake signs off in his final videolog, where we learn that he has chosen to transfer his consciousness to his avatar for good. In a ceremony similar to Grace's, Jake passes through the eye of Eywa ... and wakes up in his avatar with Neytiri watching over him. 
 Boiler Room (2000)541) A college dropout, attempting to live up to his father's high standards, gets a job as a broker for a suburban investment firm which puts him on the fast track to success. But the job might not be as legitimate as it first appeared to be. Seth Davis is a college dropout running an illegal casino from his rented apartment. Driven by his domineering father's disapproval at his illegitimate existence and his desire for serious wealth, Seth suddenly finds himself seduced by the opportunity to interview as a trainee stock broker from recent acquaintance Greg ( Nicky Katt ). Walking into the offices of JT Marlin, a small time brokerage firm on the outskirts of New York - Seth gets an aggressive cameo performance from Jim ( Ben Affleck ) that sets the tone for a firm clearly placing money above all else. Seth's fractured relationship with his father and flirtatious glances from love interest Abbie ( Nia Long ) are enough to keep Seth motivated in his newfound career. As he begins to excel and develop a love for the hard sale and high commission, a few chance encounters lead Seth to question the legitimacy of the firm's operations - placing him once again at odds with his father and what remains of his morality. With homages to Wall Street, and Glengarry Glen Ross, it's a decent debut feature for Ben Younger whose script exposes a truly sinister side of an already immoral business. anonymous With dreams of a better life, Seth Davis, a Queens College dropout who fails to meet the high expectations of his stern judge father, lands a job in J.T. Marlin, a small brokerage house. As the new employee learns the tricks of the trade, getting increasingly efficient in selling the firm's exclusive products over the phone, money starts to flow into Seth's bank account, making a profit for himself and the company with seemingly legitimate but unfair means. In an attempt to earn his father's respect, Seth becomes a member of the company, bringing himself before pressing dilemmas, troubling situations, and moral distress. Can Seth handle the truth? Nick Riganas A young man has dropped out of Queens College but desperately wants to please his father, a federal judge who's harsh with his son. At his father's insistence, Seth Davis closes a casino he operates in his own house, mostly for college students. Thinking he'll please dad, he takes a job in a small brokerage house, an hour from Manhattan, where trainees make cold calls to lists of well-paid men, and then apply high-pressure tactics to sell initial public offerings exclusive to the firm. He's terrific at sales. Once training is over, the pay is phenomenal, and Seth wonders why. Curiosity leads him to ethical dilemmas, encounters with the Feds, and new territory with his father. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Seth Davis (Giovanni Ribisi) is a 19-year-old dropout from Queens College who runs an unlicensed casino in his apartment. Although he earns a successful living in his line of work, he is constantly berated by his father, Marty (Ron Rifkin), a New York City federal judge. One night, his old friend Adam (Jamie Kennedy) stops by the casino to play blackjack, bringing a wealthy associate named Greg Weinstein (Nicky Katt) along with him. Although Seth is content with his earnings through the casino, he becomes increasingly unnerved due to Marty's disapproval and the risk factor of having his business shut down along with his arrest. On another night, Greg recruits Seth to join J.T. Marlin, a brokerage firm based somewhere off the Long Island Expressway, "a good hour away from Wall Street" as Seth describes it. He is impressed with not only the chance to earn a legal living, but to make millions of dollars. Arriving at J.T. Marlin, Seth attends a group interview and learns from Jim Young (Ben Affleck), one of the co-founders of the firm, what is expected of his work and also how he can become a millionaire. The firm's techniques of selling are through cold calling investors to sell stock, and Seth joins as a stockbroker trainee, having to close 40 accounts and pass a Series 7 Exam in order to begin working independently. He finds success in his new job as he proceeds to do very well in his work, as well as impressing his parents, becoming part of a crowd of successful senior brokers, and embarking on a romance with Abbie Halpert (Nia Long), a secretary and ex-girlfriend of Greg. Seth also experiences trials and tribulations, including altercations and arguments he experiences with Greg and the decision to close down his casino. On the other hand, J.T. Marlin has been under investigation by the FBI, revealing the firm's illegitimacy. The company is a chop stock brokerage firm that runs a "pump and dump", using its brokers to create artificial demand in the stock of expired or fake companies. When the firm is done pumping the stock, the investors then have no one to sell their shares to in the market, and the price of the stock plummets. The federal agents decide to pursue Seth, figuring he is a good target due to his intelligence, and his potential of not being too loyal to the firm due to his short tenure. Seth passes his Series 7 Exam and becomes a senior broker. He then contacts Harry Reynard (Taylor Nichols), the purchasing manager of a gourmet foods company, different and less privileged than the other "whales" who are common prey for the firm. Although Harry emphasizes that he and his family are being frugal at the moment in order to buy a house, Seth falsely promises a good investment for him that can very well turn out to be highly profitable. After selling him 100 shares at $8. each, Harry calls back to ask why the stock has done so poorly. Seth sells him even more worthless shares, persuading him the outcome will not be consequential. This creates an excruciating financial situation for Harry and his family, causing him to lose the house he had wanted to purchase as well as being abandoned by his family. Unnerved by the decision to scam Harry, Seth comes to terms with knowing that J.T. Marlin isn't as legitimate as it was made out to be before. Marty then disowns him, blasting him for his dishonest work of stealing and destroying other peoples' lives. Despite this, Seth shows up at his father's office and emotionally explains that he shut down his casino and went along with a highly criminal line of work that he thought was legal in order to gain his family's approval. He then requests that his father helps him on an IPO scheme in order to rob the firm of their money and bring them down. Although Marty initially refuses due to the risk of losing his judgeship, he calls Seth the next day, reconciling with him and offering an involvement in the scheme. Seth is eventually arrested by the FBI for the violation of 26 SEC and NASD regulations, and is brought into their custody along with his father, as the bureau had discovered their IPO scheme due to a tape-recorded phone conversation. The FBI offer him federal immunity if he agrees to testify against J.T. Marlin once all the suspects are brought into court, but can also involve Marty due to evidence of their intentions for an illegal activity. Seth asserts that he will testify against the firm and provide strong evidence of their illegal practices only if his father is released. He and the agents come to an agreement on this, with Seth being kept overnight only to return to work the next day and make copies of investment files onto a floppy disk in order to use as evidence. After that, it is implied that he will be free to go as the FBI will proceed to raid the building and prosecute everybody else. Seth returns to work the next day and goes along with the FBI's instruction. Before leaving, Seth attempts to redeem himself for his actions and attempts to get Harry's money back. He lies to Michael Brantley (Tom Everett Scott), the company founder, by explaining that the firm can lose a lot of money by refusing to continue to do business with Harry Reynard, who Seth makes out to be an important and profitable prospect at a make-or-break turning point. Brantley agrees to proceed based on Seth's explanation, offering him shares of the next IPO, however, with a caveat that he cannot sell the shares until the firm has sold off their shares. In order to sell the shares behind Michael's back, Seth needs a ticket sale signed by a senior broker, something that his direct supervisor, Greg, has explicitly said that he would never do. Seth seeks a signing from Chris Varick (Vin Diesel), explaining that he may well "do one thing right" in helping a severely hit investor make his money back, now that the firm will be raided and, soon enough, there will be no future in continuing business at J.T. Marlin. Chris reluctantly agrees to do so, and proceeds to escape the building in an attempt to flee federal enforcement. Seth walks out to his car, deciding what to do with his life now that his ties with J.T. Marlin are finished. As he departs in his car, several FBI cars, buses, and tow trucks enter the parking lot, with agents storming out ready to raid the building. 
 Flight of the Phoenix (2004)541) Survivors of a plane crash in the Mongolian desert work together to build a new plane. A group of air crash survivors are stranded in the Mongolian desert with no chance of rescue. Facing a brutal environment, dwindling resources, and an attack by desert smugglers, they realize their only hope is doing the impossible... building a new plane from the wreckage of the old one. austin4577@aol.com In Mongolia, the test well of an oil field is shut down by company headquarters in Atlanta, and a plane piloted by Captain Frank Towns (Dennis Quaid) is sent to bring the workers home. While flying over a storm, the plane crashes in the Mongolian desert. When they realize that they will not be rescued, they decide to build a new plane from the wreckage of the old one. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A story about the triumph of the human spirit. A group of air crash survivors are stranded in the Mongolian desert with no chance of rescue. Facing a brutal environment, dwindling resources, and an attack by desert smugglers, they realize their only hope is doing the impossible--building a new plane from the wreckage. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Flight of the Phoenix is a remake of the 1965 film The Flight of the Phoenix starring James Stewart. Captain Frank Towns (Dennis Quaid) pilots a C-119 cargo plane full of oil workers who are returning home after shutting down an oil field in Mongolia's Gobi Desert. The plane is overloaded on take off, and soon they hit a violent sandstorm that causes them to crash. They are now stranded over 200 miles off-course and in the harsh desert terrain. Frank must maintain order and ration the little food and water among the survivors and wait for someone to rescue them. As time goes by, they realize their chance of being rescued is zero. An odd man named Elliott (Giovanni Ribisi) who caught a ride with them suggested that they build a new plane out of parts from the undamaged cargo plane. He just happens to be a plane design engineer. They think he is crazy, but what else can they do. Under Elliott's command, the survivors begin to construct the plane, which they name the Phoenix. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 