nm0001218:

 The Boondock Saints (1999)541) Two Irish Catholic brothers become vigilantes and wipe out Boston's criminal underworld in the name of God. Two Irish brothers accidentally kill mafia thugs. They turn themselves in and are released as heroes. They then see it as a calling by God and start knocking off mafia gang members one by one. Willem Dafoe plays the detective trying to figure out the killings, but the closer he comes to catching the Irish brothers, the more he thinks the brothers are doing the right thing. KevinYang(meowdragon@hotmail.com) Irish brothers Connor McManus (Sean Patrick Flanery) and Murphy McManus (Norman Reedus) live and work in Boston. Feeling that God's will to rid Earth from all human evil was given to them as a mission, they set out to do their divine deed. A public outcry is never heard, and even F.B.I. Agent Paul Smecker (Willem Dafoe), who follows their trace of bloodshed, admits that the boys are doing exactly what he secretly always has wished to happen. Risking their lives for their beliefs of Veritas (truth) and Aequitas (justice), the Boondock Saints are hyped by the public, for they are doing good, which only few dare to admit. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> After Irish-American brothers Connor McManus (Sean Patrick Flanery) and Murphy MacManus (Norman Reedus) cheat death with the Russian mob a day after St. Patrick's Day, the two decide to voluntarily stay overnight at a police station, where they receive what appears to be a message from God to rid Boston of all evil. Connor and Murphy, with the aid of their friend Rocco (David Della Rocco), set out on numerous campaigns to rid Boston of lowlifes and mafiosos, leaving behind a path of destruction. Meanwhile, F.B.I. Agent Paul Smecker (Willem Dafoe) is assigned the task of investigating the aftermath of each mission conducted by the MacManus brothers and Rocco. The more pieces Smecker fits into the puzzle, the more he asks himself: Should he continue his job and possibly arrest the trio, or join them in their mission to destroy evil? Sam Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This film opens with mass in a Boston Catholic church, where Irish American fraternal twin brothers Connor McManus (Sean Patrick Flanery) and Murphy McManus (Norman Reedus) pray while a sermon is read, mentioning Kitty Genovese, a real-life crime victim brutally murdered while her neighbors watched without intervening. As the priest begins his homily, the brothers approach the altar and kiss the feet of a crucifix. They depart as the priest reminds the congregation that they should fear not just evil but also the "indifference of good men". The brothers conclude that the priest finally understands, Connor stating, "I do believe the Monsignor's finally got the point..." and Murphy replying, "Aye". Connor and Murphy work at a local meatpacking plant. While celebrating St. Patrick's Day in a neighborhood bar, three Russian "soldiers", led by Ivan Checkov, enter and order everyone to leave, as their organization has decided to evict the pub. In the ensuing bar brawl, Connor, Murphy, and the patrons publicly humiliate the mobsters, who the next day ambush the brothers in their home. As Murphy is dragged into a nearby alley to be executed, Connor escapes to the roof and drops a toilet, along with himself, off the roof and onto the mobsters, killing them and rescuing Murphy. The Russian mob's involvement summons FBI agent Paul Smecker (Willem Dafoe) to the murder case, and he surmises that the mobsters' death was not a professional hit but self-defense. As the police begin a manhunt for the killers, Connor and Murphy arrive at the police station to clear their names. During the initial interrogation, the brothers impress Smecker with their multilingualism (including Gaelic, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, and German) while recalling the specifics of the bar fight and subsequent self-defense the next morning. Smecker believes their story and allows them to stay overnight in a holding cell to evade the press. That night, Connor and Murphy receive a vision from God telling them to destroy all that is evil so that which is good may flourish. The brothers resolve to rid Boston of "evil men" with the help of their friend and former mob package boy David "The Funnyman" Della Rocco (David Della Rocco). The brothers trade in the weapons and valuables stolen from the mobsters' bodies for their own, and use Connor's knowledge of Russian to locate a meeting between Russian syndicate bosses at a local hotel. Crashing into the room through an overhead air duct, the brothers draw their guns and fire, killing the 8 underbosses. Forcing the leader, Yuri 'Big Man' Petrova (Victor Pedtrchenko) to his knees, the brothers recite a short prayer: "And shepherds we shall be, for Thee, my Lord, for Thee. Power hath descended forth from Thy hand, That our feet may swiftly carry out Thy command. So we shall flow a river forth to Thee And teeming with souls shall it ever be. In Nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spirits Sancti." The two then execute him, placing pennies over his eye sockets, in which both of his eyes were shot out. While the brothers are preparing to leave the hotel, they are surprised to find Rocco dressed as a bellboy knocking at the door with a tray of food. They decide "to fuck with him" and pull him into the hotel room, concealing their identity with masks, and threaten to execute him. Eventually they reveal their identity to Rocco, who decides to join the brothers in their mission. Once again, Agent Smecker is brought to the front of the murder case. The fact that all the killings involved the Russian Mob leads Smecker to the theory that the executions were the result of the feud between the Russian and Italian mobs. The following day, the brothers try to convince Rocco that he was sold out by Italian mob boss Papa Joe Yakavetta (Carlo Rota), because he was sent to the hotel with a six-shooter .38 revolver despite the fact there were nine mobsters in the hotel room. Rocco soon realizes this after killing two of Yakavetta's men at a deli later on, who hint to Rocco that he really was sold out. In retaliation, Rocco and the brothers hunt down and kill Vincenzo Lipazzi (Ron Jeremy), underboss of the Yakavetta crime family at a local strip club. Also killed at the Strip Club are two street criminals with no connection to organized crime (thus disproving Smecker's mob war theory). The three vigilantes proceed on a series of increasingly violent missions, cleansing the city of vicious criminals and others who have eluded justice. Papa Joe, believing that the mob killings are an act of revenge from Rocco for setting him up to be killed, contracts the infamous contract killer Il Duce (Billy Connolly), to deal with the vengeful package boy. Rocco insists that he and the brothers murder a hitman that Rocco had briefly worked with. According to Rocco, the man was responsible for murdering an entire family and had burnt their remains in a dumpster. They head to the hitman's house and murder all of his men. After a hand-to-hand fight, Rocco beats the hitman to death with a cue ball. As they leave the hitman's house through the front door, the trio is ambushed by Il Duce, and in the resulting shootout the trio manage to chase Il Duce away. Rocco's finger is shot off and each of the brothers receive serious, but not mortal, gunshot wounds which they cauterize with a hot iron. Hours later at the crime scene, Smecker discovers the finger and secretly takes it to conduct his own investigation. Discovering that it belongs to Rocco, whom he previously met, Smecker begins to unravel the mystery surrounding the various murders. His sympathy for the brothers conflicting with his professional desire to bring them to justice, Smecker (a flamboyant homosexual) goes on a drinking binge at a gay bar before seeking advice from a nearby Catholic church. Bemoaning the futility of the courts that fail to punish evil men and his uncertainty with the MacManus brothers' actions in a confessional, Smecker is oblivious to the fact that Rocco, who has tracked Smecker to the church, is forcefully directing the priest's responses to preserve the Boondock Saints' identities. Connor sees Rocco follow the priest into the confessional and, disgusted with the blasphemy, pulls Rocco's head through the other confessional at gun point. In whispered tones, Rocco tries to explain to Connor the circumstance while still holding his gun to the priest's head. Smecker is advised, reluctantly by the priest, that the Saints are acting as messengers from God and that "the laws of God are greater than the laws of man." Inspired by the advice, Smecker decides to help the brothers. The McManus brothers and Rocco infiltrate the Yakavetta headquarters to finish off the family, but are captured by Papa Joe and his henchmen who recently arrived to protect Papa Joe from such an attack. Papa Joe executes Rocco to intimidate the brothers. The brothers manage to free themselves and tend to Rocco while Smecker, disguised as a female prostitute, distracts the other mobsters. Smecker kills the remaining mobsters only to be knocked unconscious by Il Duce who mistakes Smecker for a woman. As the brothers say their family prayer over Rocco, Il Duce arrives and sneaks up behind them. As he hears them recite the family prayer, and upon seeing that the man he was hired to kill (Rocco) is dead, he lowers his weapons and joins them. It becomes apparent that Il Duce is their long-lost father, as the brothers had previously refused to teach Rocco the prayer because it is only passed down in their family. He then joins them in their mission to rid the city of evildoers. Three months later Papa Joe is sent to trial, and though there seems to be enough evidence to convict him, the reporters on scene anticipate his acquittal due to his Gotti-esque charisma. The trial is forcibly interrupted when the two brothers and Il Duce, aided by Agent Smecker and several police officers, infiltrate and lock down the courtroom. The three then publicly declare their mission to destroy evil and recite their prayer one last time, killing Papa Joe with several bullets (and a shotgun blast) to the back of the head. The media dubs the three "Saints", and the movie ends with various "man-on-the-street" interviews in which various Boston citizens reflect on the question "Are the Saints ultimately good, or evil?" 
 Powder (1995)431) An off the charts genius who is home schooled and shunned after his last relative dies shows the unconscious residents of his town about connection awareness and the generosity of the spirit. When sheriff Barnum investigates the death of an elderly rural resident, he discovers a teenage grandson living in the basement. Raised by his grandparents, he has experienced the world only through books, never leaving the family farm. He is sent to a state home for boys where he has trouble fitting in socially. His odd appearance and unusual abilities cause the small town residents to fear and ridicule him. However, not all are afraid. Some begin to view his potential and gifts with wonderment. Robert B. Young <youngb@tastemaker.com> Harassed by classmates who won't accept his shocking appearance, a shy young man known as "Powder" struggles to fit in. But the cruel taunts stop when Powder displays a mysterious power that allows him to do incredible things. This phenomenon changes the lives of all those around him in ways they never could have imagined. Dave Dustin <dave@eclipsnz.manawatu.gen.nz> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A young boy is discovered living in the basement of a house where an old woman has died. The boy, Jeremy Reed (Sean Patrick Flanery), has the name "Powder" because of his luminous white skin. It turns out that Powder has spent his whole life never leaving the house. The basement is fill wall to wall with books that he has not only read, but memorized every word. This is only the first hint at his incredible powers. Sheriff Barnum (Lance Henriksen) takes Powder to the local boys home until it can be determined if he might have other kin or what is to become of him. Powder is very unlike the other kids and becomes the object of their ridicule. But soon strange events begin to occur. It turns out that Powder can attract objects and bend them with his thoughts. He is able to conduct electrical energy around him. These actions makes other begin to fear him. Deputy Harley Duncan (Brandon Smith) is a macho man and expert deer hunter and he takes the boys on a deer hunt. Duncan never misses and sure enough he shoots a deer, but Powder grabs his hand and then touches the dying deer. Duncan can feel "the pain" of the deer dying. He is completely sickened by the event and gives away all his guns and will never hunt again. The one person who tries to help Powder is Jessie (Mary Steenburgen) and she arranges for him to take some aptitude and intelligence tests. After the tests, Powder comes into the room with the officials and they are all skeptical of him. He simply says to them that he knows they don't believe he could score so well without cheating. As he begins to leave the room, all the lights in the room explode. Sheriff Barnum's wife, Emma (Danette McMahon) is in a coma and the sheriff doesn't know what to do. Jessie asks Powder to go to her and see if he can help. Powder touches Emma and begins to share her thoughts with the sheriff. He tells the sheriff that she needs to go and he must say it's ok before she can. The sheriff breaks down and nods and his wife dies. It becomes increasing clear that Powder will never "fit in" and so he runs away and goes back to the house where he was raised. Jessie, Donald Ripley (Jeff Goldblum) and the Sheriff Barnum go after him. There is an approaching thunder storm and as they chase Powder into the field, the lightening strikes get closer and closer. Suddenly, Powder is hit by a strike and is vaporized into thin air. Suddenly the storm stops and all is quiet. Powder is gone. 
 Suicide Kings (1997)541) A group of youngsters kidnap a respected Mafia figure. Ex-mob boss Christopher Walken is kidnapped by a group of four kids in a haphazard attempt at paying the ransom for another, separate kidnapping. Complexities arise as the group cannot seem to do anything right. Wells Oliver <s0ewoliv@titan.vcu.edu> When Avery Chasten's sister, Elise, is kidnapped for a $2,000,000 ransom, he turns to his friends for a means to collect the money. Their plan, to kidnap ex-mob boss Carlos BartolucciCharlie Barret and make him pay. The only problem, what happens when you put a wiley mob boss up against 4 rich kids who've never kidnapped anyone before? And what happens when they start turning against each other? Elsewhere, Barret's henchman Lono Veccio is beating up everyone in town to find Elise. So the real question is: Who ends up screwing who? Alex Barron <resevoirdog@earthlink.net> Five men born with silver spoons in their mouths and ivy league educations kidnap a former mobster with connections to help rescue a friend's sister. Things, however, aren't what they seem to be when the mobster, who is tied up, turns the tables on the group who turn on each other. Meanwhile, the mobster's right hand man is in search of his boss. Mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Charlie Barret ( Christopher Walken ) walking to his private table in a restaurant, only to see three young men sitting at his table - Avery ( Henry Thomas ), Max ( Sean Patrick Flanery ) and Brett ( Jay Mohr ). Charlie happens to know Avery's father, and after an initial reluctance, is willing to go with the boys for a 'night on the town'. As the scene progresses, it shifts back and forth to the planning of what they're going to do to Charlie - they plan to kidnap him by strapping him to his seat and use some chloroform to knock him out. Naturally, things don't go as smoothly as they wanted, and Charlie tries fighting back - but eventually succumbs and passes out. When Charlie wakes up, he sees himself surrounded by the three men, and a fourth friend, T.K. ( Jeremy Sisto ), dressed in a doctor's uniform, checking his vital signs. It's soon revealed that Charlie 'used' to be Carlo Bartolucci, a mob figure. The boys then explain that Avery's sister, Elise ( Laura Harris ), has been kidnapped, and that the kidnappers ( Frank Medrano and Brad Garrett ) are demanding $2 million ransom for her release. They figure that Charlie still has connections to get that kind of money to the gangsters, and they want his cooperation. To ensure that Charlie knows how serious they are, Charlie is shown his pinkie finger, complete with a signet ring, cut off and floating in a bowl of ice - since the same was allegedly done to Avery's sister. Part of the incentive that Charlie help them immediately is that there is a small window of time available where a hospital could successfully sew the finger back on and the clock was running out. Charlie flies into a rage, stating "I'm looking at dead men." However, he eventually agrees to help them. Part of the reason Charlie decides to help is that it becomes apparent towards the middle of the film that due to lifelong heavy drinking, Charlie has a major deficiency of Vitamin K, a major component needed for the body to form blood clots: Basically meaning that while a normal healthy person would have minimal bleeding after having his pinkie amputated (Especially considering that T.K. has medical training and bandaged up the wound correctly), Charlie, on the other hand, would continue to bleed to death without proper medical treatment. Charlie then contacts his lawyer, who in turn contacts Lono ( Denis Leary ), Charlie's bodyguard, asking him to track Charlie down. Lono goes about his own investigation, asking for (and in some cases beating out) information from people, including the hostess, Jennifer ( Nina Siemaszko ) who usually waits on Charlie, and a friend of Charlie's, Lydia ( Laura San Giacomo ). During the course of these conversations, an added backstory is shown about both Lono and Charlie, including how Charlie got his signet ring. Charlie, meanwhile, tries to take the boys' navete to his advantage. A fifth friend, Ira ( Johnny Galecki ) shows up they are in his father's house, and Ira didn't know anything about what they had planned. Charlie starts playing the boys off of each other, slowly getting information out of them, including how they got into this mess in the first place. After much cajoling and piecing information together, Charlie learns that Avery was actually the one responsible for his sister's kidnapping. The boys had, the previous summer, spent a wild weekend in Atlantic City, where they dropped tens of thousands of dollars on various bets. Avery had gotten in over his head wagering on a basketball game, and had to come up with a way to pay off his $50,000 debt. The two mobsters approached him and told him they would kidnap his sister and take the "ransom" as payment for the debt. Lono eventually makes his way to Ira's house and has Charlie removed from his restraints, around the same time that the money is sent to the two thugs. The next day, Charlie and Lono meet up with the two gangsters who had kidnapped Avery's sister, around the same time that Avery learns that his sister is not at the hospital where she is supposed to have been. Charlie and Lono figure out that Elise had come up with a plan to fake the kidnapping and ask for a $2 million ransom; the thugs would get $1 million for playing along, while Max and Elise would walk away with the rest. Charlie and Lono track Max and Elise to a boat off a tropical island where, although Charlie understands their reasons for conning him, he has Lono kill them both. We see the screen tint orange rotoscope as it goes out of focus, and hear two shots (meaning their deaths). They have reclaimed the rest of their money .....Wikipedia.com 
 The Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day (2009)321) The MacManus brothers are living a quiet life in Ireland with their father, but when they learn that their beloved priest has been killed by mob forces, they go back to Boston to bring justice to those responsible and avenge the priest. For the last 8 years the brothers have been living with their father on a sheep farm deep in isolated Ireland. One day their uncle tells them that they have been framed for the murder of a Bostonian Catholic priest. The boys must return to Boston to not only clear their names but find the men who framed them. "Kilt Boy" Sterling Morrison Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Eight years after the vigilante MacManus brothers, Conner (Sean Patrick Flanery) and Murphy (Norman Reedus), and their father Noah (Billy Connolly) assassinated Papa Joe Yakavetta (Carlo Rota), they have been hiding out in Ireland. One day, their uncle Sibeal arrives at their cottage to inform them that a renowned Boston priest was murdered by a mysterious assassin who attempted to frame The Saints by using their same ritual assassination style. In response, the brothers dig up their old gear and weapons, and depart back to Boston, USA. En route aboard a container ship, they meet a Mexican underground fighter named Romeo (Clifton Collins), who recognizes them as The Saints. Romeo convinces them to let him join them as their new partner. Hearing a radio broadcast regarding Papa Joe's son, Concezio Yakavetta (Judd Nelson), they deduce that he hired the hit-man who killed the priest in order to draw them out of hiding. Meanwhile in Boston, Detectives Dolly (David Ferry), Duffy (Brian Mahoney), and Greenly (Bob Marley) are at the scene of the priest's murder. They are greeted by FBI Special Agent Eunice Bloom (Julie Benz), the protege of Paul Smecker (who died a few years ago), and investigator to the priest's death. The Southern-accented streetwise Bloom and the other detectives deduce that it was not The Saints who murdered him, beginning an investigation to find the real assassin. They later find the assassin's name is Ottilio Panza (Daniel DeSanto), who appears to be working for a mysterious old man named "The Roman" (Peter Fonda). Conner, Murphy, and Romeo hit a warehouse that is being used by an Asian gang to process heroin for Yakavetta. After killing everyone at the warehouse, Connor and Murphy reunite with their old bartender friend, Doc (Gerard Parkes). They learn that the assassin who killed the priest was an independent contractor and not a part of Yakavetta's crew, and that Yakavetta himself is hiding in the Prudential Tower. Later at the warehouse, now a crime scene, Bloom asserts that The Saints have returned. The MacManus brothers and Romeo have one of Yakavetta's underbosses set up a meeting with a group of mobsters at a bar, where they kill them. Panza arrives shortly after and attempts to ambush the brothers, but Bloom arrives in time to save them by wounding Panza, who flees. Bloom introduces herself, revealing her intentions to help The Saints. The group then cleans up the crime scene to make it look as if the mobsters had turned on each other. Later, Bloom reunites the other detectives with The Saints, thus bringing them in on their plans. A little later, Yakavetta calls a meeting with his crew, during which, The Saints arrive and kill everyone including Yakavetta. Bloom interrogates Yakavetta's right hand man, learning of The Roman's involvement with Panza. Later at the bar, Greenly arrives to celebrate the boys' victory and is unexpectedly shot and killed by Panza. Noah, earlier having decided to help his sons, unexpectedly arrives to demand Panza tell him The Roman's location. They engage in a type of "Russian roulette" stand-off, and after Panza still refuses to answer, Noah kills him. Meanwhile, Noah reveals to the group that he has known The Roman since he was a young man. In 1950s New York, Noah watched a trio of mobsters brutally murder his father in front of his eyes. Consumed with anger and wanting revenge, Noah killed the mobsters with the help of his best friend Louie, who is revealed to be The Roman. Noah still felt unsatisfied, so Louie helped him pick out mobsters to kill. They continued this until 1975, when Louie gave Noah up to the police. Bloom illegally obtains a file regarding Louie's location in York, Maine and gives it to Noah. Louie, anticipating The Saints' arrival at his mansion, has several hitmen stationed on the grounds. When Noah arrives, Louie reveals that he only used Noah to eliminate the competition in the mafia, afterwards giving him up to the police when he was done. After this, however, the mafia cast him out. He then helped rebuild the Yakavetta family after Papa Joe's demise, and let The Saints take out the rest of the mafia so Louie could take control. Louie signals the hitmen waiting to take out The Saints to make their move, but The Saints kill them all. Noah suffers a fatal gunshot wound, and with his last breath, he kills Louie. The police arrive and arrest the wounded Connor, Murphy, and Romeo. A few days later, a disguised Bloom meets with Uncle Sibeal, who has arranged to take her to a safe place out of the country to flee FBI prosecution. It is then revealed that Paul Smecker (William Dafoe) is alive, having faked his death and developed a network of support for The Saints and their work. He then tells Bloom his plans to break The Saints out of prison. Bloom is happy to help out. As protesters outside of the prison shout for the freedom of The Saints, the wounded Conner and Murphy stare out of their window at the sea of prisoners in the yard, finding that they'll have plenty of work while they wait to be freed. 