nm0004739:

 Mistress Hunter (2018 TV Movie)Summaries Determined to make him pay for his affair and to secure custody of their daughter, Jackie hires a Mistress Hunter to stop her husband's relationship with the other woman. But when the mistress and her husband wind up dead, the Mistress Hunter appears to never have existed and Jackie is the number one suspect. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Young and the Restless (1973 )Summaries Set in Genoa City, this is the long-running soap that tells the story of the struggle behind the business, and sex-savvy Abbott and Newman clans. Set in Genoa City, Wisconsin, this soap opera focuses on the saga between two wealthy families in the cosmetics industry: the Newmans and the Abbotts. Head the Newman clan is Victor Newman, the arrogant, cavorting billionaire and his wife Nikki. Running the Abbott show is Jack Abbott, the irresponsible playboy and CEO, and his sister Ashley. Most of the show is centered on the competition between the two companies: Newman Enterprises and Jabot. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 mI promise (2013 Video)Summaries Riley, a teenager on the cusp of her first romance, is overwhelmed by a feeling of independence that her first car provides. Fueled by hormones, new emotions and the self-involvement that every teenager obviously experiences, she may loose it all in one split second. Will her mom, her brother, her best friend and her potential boyfriend all miss the opportunity to experience the most important years of her life with her. Bell, Lauralee It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Family Dinner (2009 Video)Summaries The dysfunctional O'Connell family is forced to sit down to a weekly dinner w/a reality producer in a desperate bid for fame and attention from a bored mom. With big name guest stars, who's next? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 