nm0006446:

 Sisters (III) (2015)431) Two sisters decide to throw one last house party before their parents sell their family home. Sisters Kate and Maura Ellis are summoned home to clean out their childhood bedroom before their parents sell the family house, much to their dismay. Looking to recapture their glory days, they throw one final high-school-style party for their classmates, which turns into the cathartic rager that a bunch of ground-down adults really need. Maura, a recently divorced nurse, is constantly trying to help people, and Kate is an unorganized and irresponsible stylist, who is living in her friend's house, while her teenage daughter, Haley (Madison Davenport), lives elsewhere and refuses to tell Kate where she is staying. Maura calls to tell her the news, but stops short of telling Kate that their childhood home is being sold, and instead convinces her to come to Orlando for a while, as Kate has just been kicked out of her apartment. Kate and Maura meet at the airport, and on the drive home, they hit on a man, James (Ike Barinholtz), doing yard work outside of his home. Upon reaching their childhood home, they discover the house has already sold, and their parents have already packed up and sold all of the family's belongings, except for the things in the sisters' room. Furious, Maura and Kate find their parents and confront them. The sisters are told that the deal is done and that they need to be out of the house by the end of the weekend with everything completely moved out. As they are going to sleep, Kate convinces Maura to have one last party in their childhood home.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening scene shows divorced nurse Maura Ellis (Amy Poehler) coming across a man on the street that she believes to be homeless. She wants to help him out, only to watch as he and his friends enter a truck to return to work, making her feel embarrassed. When she gets home, Maura has a Skype chat with her parents Bucky (James Brolin) and Deanna (Dianne Wiest). They drop the news to her that they are planning to sell their old home, to Maura's disappointment. Her parents want her to break the news to her sister, knowing she wouldn't take it well if their parents told her. Maura's sister Kate (Tina Fey) works in her home as a stylist. She tends to a customer named Phil (Chris Parnell), trying to do his eyebrows in time for a date, only to be adding something that causes his eyebrows to slowly burn off. Kate is visited by her daughter Haley (Madison Davenport), who intends to stay with her. Kate admits that she got fired from her last job for flipping out on her boss, and Haley leaves quickly after seeing that her mom is a mess, deciding to stay with a friend. Kate goes down to Florida and meets up with Maura. Kate plans to move back into the house with Maura until they can both get back on their feet. On their way home, they stop at the liquor store and run into a repugnant old classmate named Dave (John Leguizamo), who tries to hit on both women with no luck. They both go home to discover the "sold" sign in front of their house when they pull up to it. Kate throws a tantrum on the front lawn, and Maura is surprised since she didn't realize their parents already sold the house.. Their parents have cleaned out almost the entire house, except for the sisters' old bedroom. Bucky and Deanna ask them to clean it out for the new owners. The ladies go through their old stuff, including their diaries. After reading a bunch of old entries, Kate says she feels bad that Maura never got to have her "big night" in their bedroom. Kate wants to throw a party, and although Maura is initially hesitant, she comes to agree to the idea. Maura and Kate begin their mission to throw one last epic party. They look up their old graduating class and decide which ones to invite, specifically leaving out Kate's nemesis Brinda (Maya Rudolph) and a dorky classmate named Alex (Bobby Moynihan), who tries way too hard to be funny. They buy a bunch of party supplies, only to run into Brinda at the supermarket, where she is clearly upset over not getting an invitation to the party. The sisters come across the new owners, the Geernts (Santino Fontana and Britt Lower). The ladies exchange banter with them and mock them for wanting to paint the steps of the house blue and for wanting to take down their old "sister tree". They go out and shop for new outfits as well. The sisters get their nails done, and Maura, compassionate to a fault, invites the stylist Vicky, aka Hae-Woo (Greta Lee) and her friends to the party. While at the salon, Maura notices a "hiring now" sign and gets Kate to go ask for a job. The manager looks at Kate's bad nail polish job and turns her away, but she makes him appear as though he gave her a job to convince Maura. The last thing they need to do is to cancel dinner with the parents. They go to the retirement resort where they're staying and discover they've caught them in the middle of sex, to everyone's horror. Kate drives Maura by the house of James (Ike Barinholtz), a guy that caught Maura's eye. She awkwardly invites him to the party, which he accepts. When they get home, Maura offers to give Kate a loan since she's supposedly turning her life around. She also asks Kate if she can be the "party mom" that night and not drink so Maura can get drunk and let loose. Kate reluctantly agrees. Night falls, and the sisters get ready for guests to arrive. Their old classmates quickly arrive, including Alex, whom Maura invited out of guilt. He starts off by quickly cracking terrible jokes. More guests arrive, but they only mingle and don't actually enjoy themselves. Things pick up when a group of lesbians arrive with their own DJ and get the party going. Meanwhile, Brinda and her friends are watching "Game of Thrones" on the TV, but the other two friends want to go to the party. Brinda shows up to the party with her friends, but Kate kicks out Brinda and lets the friends stay. She then asks Dave if he can call up his drug dealer and bring some good stuff. Hae-Woo and her friends show up in revealing outfits to bring youthful energy to the party, which is mostly comprised of older couples...and Alex. Brinda tries to get in again, but Kate throws her out for good. Brinda decides to get back by taking blue paint and pouring it into the water pumps, turning the pool water (and the people in it) a dark shade of blue. Dave's drug dealer Pazuzu (John Cena) shows up with a case stocked up with every drug known to man (including cocaine, LSD, PCP, birth control pills and Flintstones gummies). Maura and Kate buy some joints and a bag of cocaine, which Maura hides in her bag, which she hides in her cupboard. Unfortunately, Alex, who is acting out "Scarface", decides to get too into character and snorts half the bag all at once, causing him to wreak havoc around the house. Maura finds James and smokes a joint with him in the attic. Together, they talk about each other and their personal fears. James says he recently lost weight to build self-confidence, while Maura thinks she is too boring. One of her favorite songs comes on, and she starts to dance, only to walk over the attic floor and have her fall through and get partially stuck. James pulls her out, but the floor starts to shake beneath them. They run and end up falling through the ceiling of her bedroom, covered in piles of dust. Still, the two decide to get intimate, after James tries to fix the ceiling. However, Maura lights a Garfield candle that sets off sparks, causing her to drop it on James's crotch. In his panic, he slips on some gel that Kate squeezed out earlier (and never cleaned up) and he falls ass-first onto a ballerina music box, which gets stuck up there. Maura tries to pull it out but cannot, and James leaves annoyed and in pain. Brinda makes another attempt to get into the party, forcing Kate to confront her over why she hates Brinda. This leads to Brinda calling Kate a hothead, making her flip out and giving Brinda an opportunity to take a picture of her crazy self and put it on social media. Moments later, Kate gets a call from Haley, who is with her grandparents. She sees the picture of Kate at the party, still convinced that her mom hasn't changed. Haley calls her mom a loser. Upset, Kate ditches the party mom thing and starts to drink. When she goes out to get more booze, she grabs Maura's bag and looks at her phone to hear a message from Haley, learning that Haley has been staying not with a friend, but with Maura. The sisters, realizing each other's deceptions, confront each other outside the house. Kate left the car running and didn't put the brakes on, so it pushes the sister tree over and it falls on the side of the house. Then a sinkhole swallows up the pool. The sisters fight in the mud, just as their parents arrive with Haley. Seeing the two of them like this, Haley is angry, but she slips into the sinkhole and falls into the pool. Kate jumps in after her, and everyone helps the two of them climb back out. Kate and Maura are forced to own up to their mistakes by their parents. Kate admits she never got a job, but she is on slightly better terms with Haley. Bucky and Deanna force them to clean up the house. Over the next two weeks, the sisters try to do right and fix the house with the help of their friends. By the end of it, Brinda, having patched things up with Kate, helps sell the house again, to Alex and Hae-Woo, his new girlfriend. Brinda is now with Dave too, despite Kate telling her that he has chlamydia. The sisters reconcile, and Kate urges Maura to go after James. She goes to his house and lies facedown in the pool to call for help. James walks into the pool and kisses her. Four months later, it's Christmas-time. The sisters, along with James and Haley, go to their parents' home to celebrate. Kate and Maura hug and then start to do a goofy dance. 
 Dogs: The Rise and Fall of an All-Girl Bookie Joint (1996)Summaries Four twenty-something women, crammed into a small Manhattan apartment, have dead end jobs (or no job) and overdue rent. They discover cash and self esteem when they set up an illegal bookie joint in their kitchen. Suddenly they can pay their bills; they imagine joining the middle class; they even make corporate donations to charity. The film also explores their relationships with men, most of whom are unfit for anything lasting, and with their mothers, who appear in surreal, imagined conversations with their daughters. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Salt (2010)651) A CIA agent goes on the run after a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy. Evelyn Salt is a CIA agent and highly respected by all, including her boss, Ted Winter. Out of the blue, a Russian spy walks into their offices and offers a vital piece of information: the President of Russia will be assassinated during his forthcoming visit to New York City to attend the funeral of the recently deceased U.S. Vice President. The name of the assassin: Evelyn Salt. Concerned about the safety of her husband, who she cannot contact, she goes on the run. Winter refuses to accept that she is a mole or a double agent but her actions begin to raise doubts. Just who is Evelyn Salt and what is she planning? garykmcd A Russian calling himself Orlov and claiming to be FSB walks into undercover CIA offices in Washington DC wanting to defect. He says that he has information on a Russian sleeper cell, whose members were trained since they were children. Their mission is to infiltrate the American system by being one of them, ultimately with the goal of bringing down the United States starting on a specified day - code "Day X" - which will begin with the assassination of the current Russian President in New York City at the upcoming funeral of the American Vice-President. The CIA interrogator deems Orlov a crackpot until he names the agent tasked with killing the Russian president: Evelyn Salt. The importance of this last piece of information is that Evelyn Salt is the CIA operative currently in the room with him as his CIA interrogator, her name which he does and should not know in the current context. Darryl Peabody with CIA counter-intelligence, who is monitoring the interrogation, feels he needs to question Evelyn before she leaves the building as a matter of proper protocol. Evelyn, denying all accusations, decides instead to make a run for it, she states all in an effort to save her husband, German arachnologist Mike Krause, who she believes has been targeted as part of the Russian plot against her. Beyond love, her devotion to Mike is largely because he, before knowing of her work as a CIA agent, helped negotiate her release from North Korean captivity two years earlier when she was in special ops in the field, that captivity which included torture. The longer Evelyn is on the run, the more she looks guilty to the American authorities pursuing her. Although helping Peabody and his team try to capture Evelyn, Ted Winter, her CIA colleague, is the only person seemingly who believes she is innocent of the accusations. There may be others in the Russian cell in positions of American authority who may be part of the plot if Orlov's story in the general sense is to be believed, they who may be trying to help or stop Evelyn, depending if she is truly part of the cell. Huggo As a CIA officer, Evelyn Salt swore an oath to duty, honor and country. Her loyalty will be tested when a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy. Salt goes on the run, using all her skills and years of experience as a covert operative to elude capture. Salt's efforts to prove her innocence only serve to cast doubt on her motives, as the hunt to uncover the truth behind her identity continues and the question remains: "Who is Salt?" Sony Pictures Two years ago, the CIA field agent Evelyn Salt is captured in North Korea and tortured. Her beloved husband and entomologist Mike Krause presses the US Government to make a swap and bring Salt back home. On the present days, the highly efficient Salt performs administrative work with her boss Ted Winter. When a Russian defector turns himself in to CIA, Salt is assigned to interrogate him. Out of the blue, the man accuses Salt of being a Russian agent in charge of killing the President of Russia during his visit to New York to attend the funeral of the American Vice-President. Salt claims that she is innocent and asks Ted to call her husband, but she is not successful in her attempt. Salt asks Ted to give protection to her husband but she decides to flee to seek out Mike. Ted does not believe she is a Russian spy but the Secret Agent Peabody orders his agents to capture Salt dead or alive. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2003 Evelyn Salt (Angelia Jolie) is tortured by North Korean soldiers who accuse her of espionage. She is soon traded for a North Korean prisoner and escorted to safety by her boss Ted Winter (Liev Schreiber). While walking towards the border, she asks why she was set free, and it is explained that her boyfriend Mike (seen staring at her from the other side of the border) was petitioning everyone in the government for her to be set free. Thus, in order for them to stop him from stirring up more unneeded publicity, they agreed to make an exchange. In the present day, Salt is watching her now husband Mike working at the breakfast table with spiders (he is an arachnologist, meaning he studies spiders for a living). After he notices her standing there, he says happy anniversary. She offers to cook him breakfast, but he passes, mocking her cooking. The scene then cuts to her at work, learning online how to fold a napkin into a certain pattern so that the anniversary dinner she has planned is perfect. Winter interrupts, they chat for a while and then get ready to head out as its close to the end of the workday. As they are leaving, another agent chases them and finally tells them that a defector has come in and wishes to give them information. Wanting to see if the Russian has any useful information, Salt and Winter head back upstairs. Neural scans are set up in order to determine if the defector is lying, and Salt enters the room and begins the interview. The defector begins by saying that his name is Orlov and proceeds by telling her a story about a Russian espionage program set up during the Cold War in which children of American families were kidnapped then replaced with Russian children that had been trained to be sleeper cell spies by a Russian official in hopes of restoring Russia's dominance one day. These agents are called K-12s and are supposedly a myth. They would assume the child's identity until Day X, the undisclosed date of action in which they would strike. Day X is apparently coming, and its events will apparently begin with the murder of the Russian President at the U.S. Vice President's funeral the next day in Manhattan and will finish with the U.S. President's assassination a day later. Winter tells her to wrap up the interview, as they do not believe him. As she is leaving, he explains that the agent that will murder the President is Evelyn Salt. Salt leaves the room and is visibly upset. As she walks into the viewing room where her colleagues are, it is determined by the neural scan that he was being truthful throughout the interview. She begins speaking to the Counter Intelligence officer named Peabody and Winter, claiming her innocence. Winter is believing her and begins speaking to Peabody about how to proceed. Orlov is escorted out by two agents and goes into an elevator with them. Salt is given her phone in order to contact Mike as, when the cover of an agent is blown, often their whole fake life is in danger. She is told to wait in the interrogation room while they attempt to figure out how to proceed. As she watches Winter and Peabody argue, she realizes that she is in danger. Cut to Orlov in the elevator. A blade comes out of his shoe, and he proceeds to kill both guards with him and escape. Winters and Peabody are alerted to Orlov's escape, giving Salt the opportunity to escape the room and attempt to get out of the building. As the security of the building begins to tighten, she finds herself cornered in the interrogation room again where she rigs up an explosive device to fire at the SWAT team. She fires it, knocking them unconscious and is able to steal a gun in the process. She then uses the gun to break a window and proceeds to climb onto the roof then onto the street. She gets into a taxi, attempts to call Mike again and hangs up after again getting their apartment's voicemail. She breaks her SIM card and then gets out of the taxi cab at her apartment building. As she walks in, she notices Mike's chair has been knocked over and how his sandwich is half eaten. There has obviously been a struggle, and he has been kidnapped. As Salt packs her bag and takes some of Mike's spiders, Winters and Peabody are assembling a SWAT team to go to her apartment to see if she is there. They arrive just as she is climbing out of her window. She narrowly escapes and climbs into a neighbor's apartment. As she speaks to the child in the apartment and changes her clothes, she flashes back again to her husband and parts of their lives together. She escapes and while walking away from the building, is spotted by Winter. Another chase ensues, and Salt is cornered when she then jumps onto a semi truck passing under the overpass that she is on. The agents follow her and shoot as she jumps from one truck to another then finally lands on the ground. She then steals a motorcycle and manages to outmanoeuvre them and escape. At this point, Salt heads to a bar. While in the bathroom, she steals the coat and ID of a fellow patron, takes a bus to New York City. Upon arrival, Salt uses the stolen ID to rent a small hotel room. There, she dyes her hair and steals clothes. She then begins to plan out how to get into the cathedral and prints a subway map. At this point, another flashback shows us that Evelyn Salt is indeed a Russian implant spy. She was born and grew up in Russia and was taken in at a young age with a group of other young boys to become sleeper spies as part of the K-12 group. They were tought to speak English at a young age as well as learn the society and ways, customs and laws of the USA. The next day, she boards a subway train and plants a smoke device. While everyone is distracted, she gets off the train and into the tunnels beneath the cathedral. As she gets into position in the crypt, the funeral begins taking place in the church. As the Russian President gets up to deliver a speech, Salt throws an explosive device onto the roof (which is directly under where the president is standing) and the floor crumbles below him, causing him to fall into the crypt beside her. Panic ensues and she presumably shoots the Russian president. Peabody comes in, and she surrenders despite having the opportunity to shoot him. As she is taken away, Winter screams that he hopes she rots in jail for what she has done. She is put into an SUV and is transported in a caravan through the city. She then manages to eject both of her guards from the car and stun the driver, causing him to wreck the police cars ahead of and behind them. To escape, the other police now swarming around her, she drives the SUV over the guardrail and into the street below, wrecking the car. As the public come to see if everyone inside is all right, Salt escapes. The news is, at this point, covering the death of the Russian President and the riots that are now happening across Moscow. Salt is then seen on a ferry boat and heads to a scrap metal yard. There, she meets with Orlov and embraces him. It is revealed that he is the man who took her in and trained her to become a Russian spy. She is then taken to a ship in the Hudson that serves as the Russian spies' home base. There, she is told that the next step of their plan is to seize nuclear weapons and begin a large-scale war between Russia and the USA to destroy the world. After being taken into the hull of the ship, she sees Mike being held hostage. To see whether or not she is loyal, Orlov shoots him dead and watches her reaction. When she fails to react, he introduces her to her fellow brother spies and then escorts her into his office to divulge more details about the plan. Once hearing that she is to meet with a spy disguised as a NATO officer the next morning and travel with him to Washington, DC, Salt pours them both a drink and then she suddenly smashes the wine bottle and rams it into Orlov's neck. Salt then uses a grenade to kill all of the Russian sleeper agents on the boat. Afterwords, Salt leaves the boat and goes to the rendezvous point to meet with her contact NATO officer. After he arrives and boards the plane, she recognizes him as one of her fellow classmates and flashes back to more of her spy training as a child in the former USSR. They talk about their lives and their childhood. It is revealed that Salt was the best in her class and how she will finish first in this plan as well. He reveals that the plan will be to kill the US President while he is in his security bunker at the White House. Upon their arrival in Washington, he gives her a new ID and is disguised as a fellow NATO officer. After getting into the White House, he reveals that he is going to sacrifice himself by threatening the President by blowing himself up as a suicide bomber so that he will flee to the bunker where Salt is to kill him. Winter is among the group of men around the President and fleeing with him to the bunker. As they all get into the elevator to head down to the bunker, Salt is above them, jumping from floor to floor in the elevator shaft framework. Once on the bunker's level, she proceeds to disable the guards outside and pass safely into the bunker before the door is securely closed. In the bunker, the President is raising the terror alert in the country to Def-CON 2 as Russia is apparently deploying their nuclear weapons in retaliation for what they see as an act of war (the killing of their President by a CIA agent). After the level is raised and the president is given full authority to launch the US missiles, Winter sees Salt approaching on CCTV and demands that the agents arm themselves. Suddenly, he grabs a gun kills all those in the room. Finally, it is just him and the President. (In this out-of-the-blue twist, Ted Winter is another Russian spy just like Evelyn Salt.) After telling the President to activate strategic nuclear deployment strategies and being denied, he hits the President and knocks him unconscious. Salt has witnessed all of this. She approaches the bulletproof window and beckons Winter to use the President's hand to reauthorize and activate the strategic strike on Mecca and Tehran. She begins speaking to him through the glass, appealing to him by asking why he never told her that he too was a spy. She begs him to let her join him and finally he relents. As Winter is turning to go to the door to let her in, the news flashes on the television, saying that the Russian President is not dead as previously thought and had merely been given a paralytic. Realizing that Salt used venom from Mike's spiders so that it appeared that she had killed him, Winter says that he didn't trust her after she came back from North Korea. He knew from the start that she had fallen for Mike and was not the same person that she had been. That was why Ted Winter told Orlov to kidnap and kill Mike, as well as why she was being made into the patsy and why Winter would be seen as the hero. Salt is enraged at this point and attempts to fire her gun through the glass. When this fails, she sees the access box next to the door on the other side of the room. She goes to it on the other side, firing her gun at it until the wall behind it is exposed. She then rewires the box so that she can get into the bunker conference room. In the room, Salt and Winters fight. The activation of the weapons is almost complete, but at the last minute, the secret service arrives and overpowers them. Instead of giving herself up, Salt jumps to pull the plug on the computer, cancelling the weapon strike activation and is shot in the process. Both she and Winter are escorted out, and as she is wearing a vest, Salt is unharmed. As she is being led up from the bunker as a prisoner, she sees Winter getting his wounds treated next to the stairs. She jumps toward him, wrapping her handcuffs around his neck and jumping over the balcony to strangle him. By the time she is pulled up, he is dead after neck has been broken and she is handed over to Peabody. They board a helicopter, and he asks her why she killed Winter. Her reply is "someone had to". She then explains her side of the story, and Peabody begins to believe her but points out that no one else will. She says that there are more Russian sleeper spies out there that will stop at nothing to interfere. She convinces him to let her go as they have taken everything from her and she will stop at nothing until all of the spies of K-12 are dead. He then undoes her cuffs and she jumps from the chopper, escaping into the Potomac River. (Director's Cut) As she reaches land and is running away, a news report voice-over states that the new President, Stevens paused to lay flowers for a plane crash in 1974 killing his parents and sister, while in a tour of Russia. 
 The 84th Annual Academy Awards (2012 TV Special)211) Annual awards presentation honoring the best film achievements of 2011. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The lights go up in the Kodak theater and out comes Morgan Freeman. He opens with history: apparently movies have changed since they began, but we still really like them (paraphrase). The curtain opens and the video begins. Billy Crystal strapped to a chair in black and white silent "The Artist", being totured to host (so say the cards between scenes). He makes a plug for his movie "Parental Guidance" coming out in November. Then it's the always-game George Clooney, doing the scene from "The Descendants" where he begs his comatose wife to wake up. Except it's Billy. George fully commits, even going in for the kiss on the lips. George asks Billy to host and promises the youngest, hippest writers in town. Cut to guys around the table in "Moneyball" -- all oldsters. Jonah Hill agrees he doesn't have enough jokes. Cut to the car from "Midnight in Paris" pulling up to Billy -- with Justin Bieber inside, "I'm here to get you the 18 to 24 demographic". Pan back to Sammy Davis Jr. (Billy) in the car with Biebs, off to hang out with Hemingway and then go kill Hitler. Billy puts on his Miracle Max and wishes them good luck storming the fuhrer. Biebs signs off with "Good luck, Bob". (Wrong name intentional.) Then cut to Billy from the scene in "The Help" -- scarfing down Minny's s*** pie. It tastes delicious. And then we see the first woman in the Oscars pooping in a sink -- the scene from "Bridesmaids". He runs and sits down to watch movies from "Hugo" as Tom Cruise busts in the room through the window a la "Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol". Billy chases his reels of movies out the window and ends up in "Tin Tin" racing down the hill on a bike, through motion capture. He flies through the air, into his tux and passed reels of scenes from the nominated movies. He comes out on stage and waves to all the pretty people in the crowd. He acknowledges the applause. "Wow, that was extremely loud and incredible close," he says. This is the ninth time he's hosted. "Just call me 'War Horse'." They're in the "Chapter 11 theater". Billy tries a James Earl Jones imitation, quoting "baseball" from "Field of Dreams". It's funny because James Earl Jones says it quickly? "So tonight, enjoy yourself because nothing can take the sting out the world's economic problems like millionaires presenting each other with golden statues," he closes. And then it's time for "It's a Wonderful Night for Oscar". He breaks into song. "You didn't think I wasn't going to do this did you?" There are nine movies, a lot to cram in. "War House" gets the "Mr. Ed" treatment. "Hugo" to "That's Amore" "There's no Pesci, no Bob, there's no killing -- no mob, that's Hugo. Tell the truth, for the sequel I prefer you don't be so arty -- ax the kid, shoot Ben Kingsley in the head, 'cuz you're Marty!" He heard "The Tree of Life" even freaked out God. "The Descendents" bit ends with a joke about George ending up in bed with Oscar tonight. Tom Hanks is out to present the first award. He invites everyone in the audience to take note of their seat relative to seal filler Carl Swabo (cut to an old guy in a powder blue tux), who has been filling seats at the Oscars for 59 years. He is currently filling Jennifer Lopez's seat, who is backstage. He introduces Achievement in Cinematography. The winner is Robert Richardson for "Hugo". He says what everyone is thinking: "I can't believe somebody put cinematography first, it can only go up from this point." Then he thanks some people. Achievement in Art Direction is next. "Hugo" wins again. We're back and Billy is back at the "Your Name Here" theater, which he says was designed to look like the movie palaces of our youth. Time for a trip down movie memory lane, clips from "Forrest Gump" followed by "Titantic" followed by one of those vampire movies the kids today like so much. Hey, it's "Princess Bride"! And Patrick Swayze in "Ghost" and "Jaws" and "Raiders" and top scenes from movie history -- "You can't handle the truth!" Luke uses the Force, ET wants go home, Jake Lamotta wins, Dustin Hoffman is walking here! Meg Ryan fakes it in a diner. Cameron Diaz and Jennifer Lopez are out next for Achievement in Costume Design. The nominees are accompanied by introduction from the designers or stars of the movie, talking about why the costumes matter. The Oscar goes to Mark Bridges for "The Artist". "I want to thank the Academy for making a lifelong dream come true," he says. Back to J-Lo and Cameron for Make-up. Glenn Close says she wouldn't have done the movie without the wig man. Warrick Davis, from "Harry Potter", says it's odd to look in the mirror and see nothing of yourself. J Lo and Cameron return to announce the winner, with their backsides pointed at the audience. The bit doesn't take and they tell the audience to loosen up. Mark Coulier and J. Roy Helland for "The Iron Lady" win. "Thanks Meryl, for keeping me employed for the last 37 years," Helland says. Cut to a pre-recorded bit with stars talking about why they love the movies. Morgan Freeman remembers seeing the original "King Kong". Adam Sandler's first movie was "Diamonds Are Forever". Reese Witherspoon's family went to the movies every Sunday night. Brad Pitt saw "The Gargantuas". Steve Carell members getting to stay up past his bedtime. Hillary Swank remembers connecting to the outsiders on screen. Tom Cruise remembers recreating scenes in his backyard. Barbra Streisand (fixing her hair) remembers dreaming in the movies. Adam Sandler remembers talking about Sean Connery, "his performance and his chest hair and saying, can I please do that?" Sandra Bullock comes out to present best foreign language movie and deadpans that because of the giant international audience, she's been asked to present in Mandarin Chinese. She warns us that because her mother spoke German to her growing up, her Chinese has a slight German accent. She starts speaking German. The subtitles remind us movies are universal. Clips from the nominees roll. The Oscar goes to "A Separation", from Iran. It's the first Iranian movie to ever win an Oscar. The director thanks his studio and says he knows Iranians are watching and he knows they're happy at this moment, "not just because of an important award or a film, or a film maker, but because at the time when talk of war, intimidation and aggression is exchanged between politicians, the name of their country, Iran, is spoken here through her glorious culture. A rich and ancient culture that has been hidden under the heavy dust of politics. I proudly offer this award to the people of my country, people who respect all cultures and civilizations and despise hostility and resentment. Thank you so much," he says. Billy is back out. "A dark knight, an american psycho, a charismatic crack addict - you'll get to choose one on Super Tuesday," he zings. But right now, "be careful, you're in his eye line", welcome Christian Bale. He's introducing Actress in a Supporting Role, who have nothing in common except that four are first time nominees. We see clips from the movies. They skip the bathroom scene from "Bridesmaids" and show Melissa McCarthy hitting on her real life husband on the airplane. The Oscar goes to Octavia Spencer from "The Help". She's helped up on stage by her director, and tires to avoid tripping on her dress. She gets a standing ovation. She thanks her family in Alabama, the state of Alabama, her "Help" family. She fights back tears. She sees the "please wrap up" and says she's wrapping up and "freaking out". Christian Bale helps her off stage. Billy says that moment for Octavia is what the Oscars are all about and when he saw it, he wanted to hug the first black woman he saw, "which from Beverly Hills is about a 45 minute drive." He explains to us about focus groups and how they began in 1939 at MGM and Louis B Mayer taped their reactions. He introduces footage from a screening of "The Wizard of Oz". Bob Balaban comes out in black and write, the audience is Christopher Guest's regulars. Fred Willard loves the flying monkeys. Christopher Guest "didn't get the thing with the kids". The munchkins. Eugene Levy found them irritating and suggests they cut the rainbow song. Catherine O'Hara butchers "Over the Rainbow", "If dirty little monkey fly...." Tina Fey and Bradley Cooper are out next to present editing. Cooper quotes Ridley Scott saying collaboration between a film editor and director is a like a marriage. Tina's turn: "And just like in marriage, they spend all their time in a dark windowless room, ordering in food and looking at pictures of other people." Achievement in Film Editing, with clips of cast and crew talking briefly about the process. The Oscar goes Kurt Baxter and Angus Wall for "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo", who won last year for "The Social Network". They say they weren't expecting it and their rambling proves it, although they do name check "the Roones" (Rooney Mara) from on stage. "Let's get out of here," one says after a few seconds. "Yea, we're editors." They leave. Achievement in Sound Editing. The Oscar goes to Philip Stockton and Eugene Gearty for "Hugo". They get on stage, one leaves the mike for the other. "You go," he says. "No, Hugo," says the other. The audience groans. Sound editor humor! "I just want to thank everybody who's here tonight, and everybody who isn't, and everybody who's ever been born, or may be born, or born again or reborn. If I've forgotten anybody, then you probably know who you are," says one. Then Achievement in Sound Mixing. The Oscar goes to Tom Fleischman and John Midgley for "Hugo". Back after a break to Miss Piggy and Kermit in a loge. Piggy wants to get on the stage. "It's about time Spielberg left some for the rest of us!" Piggy says. They're there to talk about their memorable first movie experience. Kermit was at a drive-in, trying to avoid getting run over by a Studebaker. They introduce a bit by Cirque du Soliel, with music by Danny Elfman. The Cary Grant scene on a open road from "North by Northwest" leads to two men in suits flying through the theater over the heads of the audience. Then "Metropoolis" is the backdrop for a tumbling routine in which four people are flipped, seated, from the feet of other performers. a man and woman from the audience are taken up on stage in their seats. The cast watches the audience, reacting to the screen. There's lots of spinning and flying and contorting and Cirque du Soleil-ing. the couple in their seats is suspended high over the stage. A woman stands on her hands on an audience chair. It's worth a YouTube. They get a standing ovation. Then Billy Crystal is back. "Wow, I pulled a ham string just watching that," he says. He segues into talking about age. Christopher Plummer is 82. "He may be walking up on stage tonight, because apparently he wanders off," he says. Welcome Gwyneth Paltrow and Robert Downey Jr. Downey Jr. comes on late after Tebowing in the wings. He's followed by a camera crew on stage. He's filming a documentary called "The Presenter". He warns her not to talk when he's talking because "it'll be a nightmare in post". They want to have it on NetFlix by midnight. The camera crew crowds Gwynnie. She pulls Downey Jr. close, zoom in by the camera, and tells him he's being disrespectful and disruptive. He tells her he turned down "The Descendants" to prep for this. He introduces the nominees. The Oscar goes to "Undefeated", by TJ Martin, Dan Lindsay and Rich Middlemas. "A year ago today we were sitting in our editing room, depressed, thinking no one was ever going to see this movie and a friend said, 'Don't worry, a year from now you're going to be at the Oscars'. And we said, 'You're an idiot'. We'd like to take this opportunity to apologize to him and say, 'You're a lot smarter than we thought'." We have the first bleep of the evening as one tries to acknowledge how crazy it is. "Documentary!", another covers. They get played off. Following that bleep, Chris Rock is up. He says he loves animation because you can play anything you want to be. Fat women can play thing, a white man can play an Arabian price. A black man can play a zebra or a donkey. He hates when people say it's hard work, it's the easiest job in the world. "I go in a booth and I go, 'What's the line?' and the guy goes, 'it's time to go to the store' and I go 'it's time to go to the store.'" "And then they give me a million dollars!" Best Animated Feature Film nominees roll. The Oscar goes "Rango", directed by Gore Verbinski. He says the movie was like playing and thanks the studio for letting him try something different. Cut to Billy Crystal in his dressing room. He opens the door and is greeted by Melissa McCarthy in character, suggesting they make the dressing room "an undressing room". She puts her foot up on the door, then puts the other foot up. It's time for best visual effects, presented by Ben Stiller and Emma Stone. She goes full "Price is Right" presenter, then says it's her first time presenting. She suggests they banter and he shut her down, but really he's OK with it. Or she'll make up a song about "Real Steel" and "Hugo," she tries a few notes. She invites Jonah Hill up on stage to dance, but he gives her the no-go. Ben Stiller says you don't want to be the presenter who tries too hard. "Like the guy who would dresses up in full 'Avatar' or something?" Time for the nominees, with more commentary from cast and crew. For "Real Steel" they built the robots and then remade them as CGI. The Oscar goes to the team from "Hugo". "I know it's an honor to be nominated, but it's a huge thrill to win," says the winner. Billy Crystal is back and tells us the Harry Potter movies made $7.7 billion dollars. "And yet they only paid 14 percent income tax, which is interesting" he jokes. Welcome Melissa Leo, 2011 Best Supporting Actress winner. She says some standard highfalutin actor praise to introduce the scenes. (Jason Segel is sitting behind nominee Nick Nolte and looks a little frightened.) The Oscar goes to Christopher Plummer for "Beginners". It's his first win, making him the oldest actor ever to win. He gets a standing O. (And he's wearing a velvet tux, thankyouverymuch.) He soaks in the applause. He examines his statue. "You're only two years older than me, darling. Where have you been all my life?" he says. He confesses that when he emerged from his mother's womb, he was already rehearsing his acceptance speech. But, he jokes, lucky for you, he's forgotten it. He acknowledges his fellow nominees and his director and costar Ewan McGregor - "who I would happily share this award with if I had any decency, but I don't." He thanks his agents provacateur, who have tried so hard to keep him out of jail. He thanks his "long suffering wife, Elaine, who deserves the Nobel Peace Prize." Billy Crystal introduces a bit, about how he has the ability to know what nominees are thinking. Cut to Brad Pitt. "This better not go to late, I have six parent-teacher conferences in the morning," Billy offers. Morgan Freeman: "For 20 days and 20 nights, the emperor penguin...." George Clooney: "Billy didn't tell me that kiss was being filmed." Viola Davis: "I want to thank my agent, I want to thank my writer and my director for creating the role of a strong black woman that wasn't played by Tyler Perry." The dog from "The Artist": "If I had 'em, I'd lick 'em." Then the president of the Academy to drone about promoting excellence in the motion picture industry. He gives a special thank you to Billy and the producers. (A subtle kick at Brett Ratner and Eddie Murphy.) After that dry bit, Billy thanks him for "whipping the crowd into a frenzy". Introduces the musical interlude, Oscar theme by Hans Zimmer. An elaborate set of sheet music rises majestically from below the stage for a few bars. and after that grand display, Billy concludes with "Meh" and jokes that this is why there's a buffet. Penelope Cruz and Owen Wilson are out next to introduce Best Original Score. The Oscar goes to "The Artist," Ludovic Bource. He stops to shake the hands of his fellow nominees on the way up. He tells his wife in French that he loves her. Will Ferrell and Zach Galfianakas are introduced and come up out of the orchestra pit, solemnly banging cymbals in white tails. They stop to crash in Brad Pitt's face, then take the stage. Zach mispronounces his own name. "As serious musicians, it is our pleasure to step out a minute from our day jobs to present the Oscar for best original song," says Will. Zach points out that one of our nominees will join the ranks of 'When You Wish Upon a Star", "Moon River" and "It's Hard out Here for a Pimp". Clips of the nominees play - all two of them. There's lots of fumbling of cymbals as they try to open the envelope. Bret McKenzie wins for "The Muppets", he says he was a huge fan of the Muppets growing up and he was genuinely star struck when he met Kermit the Frog. "But once you get to know him, he's just a normal frog. And like a lot of stars here tonight, he's shorter in person," he says. Then he thanks the people on the film (although not Jason Segel, who wrote it, starred in it and who the camera cuts to the audience). Cigarette girls pass out popcorn into the commercial. Billy proposes to the front row that they chip in and buy the Dodgers. Billy botches his intro of Angelina Jolie and does mock rewind, to get out her intro as "the original girl with the dragon tattoo." No one hears what she says because the slit in her dress goes all the way up her leg, which she shows off. She introduces best adapted screenplay. The Oscar goes to Alexander Payne, Jim Rash and Nat Faxon for "The Descendants". Nat and Jim are former members of the Groundlings, which explains why Jim sticks out his leg saucily, a la Angelina. Alexander points out his mom in the audience and says that his mom made him promise he'd dedicate the award to her, "just like Javier Bardem did". Angelina is back to introduce the nominees for Best Original Screenplay. The Oscar goes to Woody Allen, for "Midnight in Paris". Naturally, he's not there. More stars talk about what makes a great movie. Reese Witherspoon confesses "Overboard" is her favorite movie. Robert Downey Jr. suggests that's a great question to have Werner Herzog complicate. He obliges, but saying "it sticks to you forever". Huh? Robert De Niro likes "A Place in the Sun". Warren Beatty says "every once in a while you get the truth from a movie". Brad Pitt sees moments of nobility. Sasha Baron Cohen says he always tries to make movies he would want to watch. "And I just happen to want to watch some really sick stuff." Adam Sandler says one day he wants to eventually tell the truth, which adds a whole new backstory to "Jack and Jill". Mila Jovovich strolls out to wrap up the scientific and technical awards. High speed digital cameras were recognized, as was a new gyro-camera system. Billy is back and introduces the entire Bridesmaids cast. (Alas, Melissa McCarthy and Kristin Wiig have already lost their categories.) Kristin says they're there to show that size does matter. But not length, says Maya. "As my grandma used to say, it can be short and still make your toes curl. And I believe in my heart that my grandma was referring not to wieners, but to short films," Maya goes on. "I'd rather have a short film, with some heft that's nice to me than a long film that just lies there and makes you do all the work," Kristen says. They introduce the nominees. The Oscar goes to "The Shore", by Terry George and his daughter Oorlagh George. Terry introduces his daughter, the producer. "Now I don't have to wait for her wedding to tell the world how great she is," he says. He dedicates the award to the Irish. She salutes her mom. Rose Byrne and Melissa McCarthy give a solemn intro about short documentaries until someone shouts out "Scorsese!" at which point they remove the travel-sized vodkas from their dresses and do a shot. The Oscar goes to "Saving Face" by Daniel Junge and Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy. Daniel thanks HBO and hands it over to Sharmeen, who thanks the heroes on the ground in Pakistan, including the plastic surgeon who is working on the women in the film. She urges the women of Pakistan who are working for change not to give up on their dreams. On to best animated short film. The Oscar goes to "the Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore". They sing the praises of movies and thank the people who inspired and moved them. Michael Douglas is out next to present Directing. He tells a story about Oscar-winning director Leo McCarey trying to borrow money from a bank, being asked what a director does. "Leo paused, then he went to another bank," he says. The Oscar goes to Michel Hazanavicius for "The Artist". "I have an Oscar...I forgot my speech. I am the happiest director in the world right now, thank you for that," he says. He thanks the producers, the cast and crew and the dog," he says. Meryl Streep is up next. Billy notes she's won twice of the 17 times she's been nominated so the other times she had to put on a happy face and be glad when someone else won. He suggests she get an Oscar just for that. She wraps up the Governors Awards, honoring Oprah Winfrey, James Earl Jones and Dick Smith (make-up artist). James Earl accepts his honorary Oscar onstage in London where he's performing in "Driving Miss Daisy". Oprah starts crying and calls her recognition "unimaginable". Dick Smith calls it one of the best nights of his life. The three honorees get a standing O from the crowd. Then it's time for the In Memoriam segment, including two former Oscars producers, Laura Ziskin and Gil Gates. Billy speaks personally about Gil, a dear friend, who brought him to the awards. The segment is set Esperanza Spaulding singing "What a Wonderful World". They show clips of some of the actor's most famous lines, including Peter Falk saying "As you wish". More actors talk about movies, including Julia Roberts talking about relating and Phillip Seymour Hoffman saying you can feel them in your gut. Robert Downey Jr. talks about the finish product ideal being threatened by anyone being selfish or fearful. "You're fighting with every ounce you have to make sure you will love it forever and when it doesn't turn out that way, it's painful. That's why people are weird who make movies, it's because they care more about their film than themselves," Jonah Hill says. Edward Norton talks about marveling at great films. "I've never had any of those feelings," Billy Crystal says when he comes back. Natalie Portman is out next to present Best Actor. She talks to each man in the audience, complementing Damian Bichir for helping the audience relate to someone they usually don't think about in "A Better Life". George Clooney "managed to make us believe you were just a regular guy...you subtlely and movingly conveyed the tricky mix of betrayal and grief" in "The Descendants". Jean Dujardin "spoke volumes" in the silent film "The Artist". Gary Oldman in "Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy" with incredible nuance and restraint earned his first nomination. Brad Pitt, "we were not watching a baseball story, because of your work we were watching an under dog story" in "Moneyball". The Oscar goes to Jean Dujardin for "The Artist". "I love your country," he says. He reads from his speech, noting that Douglas Fairbanks hosted the Oscars in 1929. Tickets cost $5 and the ceremony lasted 15 minutes. "Times have changed," he says. He pays homage to Douglas Fairbanks, acknowledges his wife and shouts out "awesome!" in French. ("Formidable!") "They must be going nuts in France right now, or whatever they have in France in place of joy," Billy says. Last year's Best Actor winner Colin Firth is out to address the Best Actress nominees. Glenn Close for "Alfred Nobbs": "the range of roles you've played over the years displays a brilliance of somewhat bewildering proportions". Viola Davis for "The Help": "An actress who we've admired for many years has ventured even deeper into our imagination and will remain there for many years to come." Rooney Mara: "In a very short space of time you presence has come to seem indispensable." (They show the scene of her torturing her rapist, yikes.) Meryl Streep: "Mamma Mia...We were in Greece, we danced, I was gay and we were happy. I probably fathered your only daughter, they were perplexing times." He calls her "unreasonably good", making it a "little bit more difficult for the rest of us". Michelle Williams: he calls her his mentor when they first met, and they can leave aside the fact that she was 12 and he was 35. The Oscar goes to Meryl Streep, who has come dressed as Oscar. They stand up. "Oh, come on! When they called my name I had this feeling that I could hear half of America going, 'Oh c'mon, why her again?' But whatever," she says. She starts by thanking her husband for everything she values in her life. Then she thanks her make-up artist Roy Helland. "I really understand I'll never want to be up here again, I really want to thank all my colleagues, all my friends. I look out here and I see my life before my eyes, my old friends, my new friends," she says. "This is such a great honor, but the thing that counts the most with me is the friendships and the love and the sheer joy we have shared making movies together." And then there was one, notes Billy. Tom Cruise is out to present the award for Best Picture. They show clips from each. The Oscar goes to "The Artist". They bring the dog up on the stage. Thomas Langmann, the producer, pays tribute to Oscar winner Claude Berri. Michel tells his kids it's 6:30 a.m. in France and they should go to bed in 30 seconds. He thanks his wife, the film's star Brnice Bejo and says she's the soul of the film. Then he thanks three people: Billy Wilder, Billy Wilder and Billy Wilder. Billy comes out and says good night. 