nm0004134:

 Little Oberon (2005 TV Movie)Summaries Georgie returns to her home town of Little Oberon with her teenage daughter Natasha to see her dying mother. The newcomers are regarded with suspicion and malice, and Natasha soon discovers not all is as it seems in Little Oberon. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mystery Road (2018 )Summaries Detective Jay Swan is assigned to investigate a mysterious disappearance on an outback cattle station. Soon, Jay's investigation uncovers a past injustice that threatens the fabric of the whole community. Detective Jay Swan (Aaron Pedersen) is assigned to investigate the mysterious disappearance of two young farm hands on an outback cattle station. One is a local Indigenous footy hero, and the other a backpacker. Working with local cop Emma James (Judy Davis), Jay's investigation uncovers a past injustice that threatens the fabric of the whole community. A six part spin-off from Ivan Sen's feature films Mystery Road and Goldstone. After a mysterious disappearance on an outback cattle station, Detective Jay Swan is assigned to investigate. Working with local cop, Emma James, Jay's investigation uncovers a past injustice that threatens the fabric of the whole community. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cleverman (20162017)44) In the very near future, creatures from ancient mythology must live among humans and battle for survival in a world that wants to silence, exploit and destroy them. The turbulent relationship between humans and "sub-humans". They live 3x's as long, are much more agile, stronger, faster. They are also covered with hair to complete a very primal look. They are exiled to live within zones and trying to create a sustainable society.. before they are no more than the villains of stories every one them as. bibliophile634 Cleverman tells the story of two indigenous half-brothers who join forces to battle an ancient mythological monster. In this not-too-distant dystopian future, an ancient species known as Hairypeople must live amongst humans and battle for survival in a world that wants to silence, exploit and destroy them. At the heart of the story are two estranged brothers, Koen and Waruu West, who are forced together to fight against terrifying enemies - both human and not of this world. But can Koen, a man bestowed with a powerful gift and destined to become the Cleverman, learn to harness his power before everything around him crumbles? Set in the near future, Cleverman focuses on a group of non-humans battling for survival in a world where humans' inferiority complexes make us want to silence, exploit and kill them. It is also a story of two estranged Indigenous brothers who are forced together to fight for their own survival. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rake (20102018)Summaries Criminal lawyer Cleaver Greene defends the indefensible - from bigamists to cannibals and everything in between. He is champion of the lost cause, both in the court room and in the bedroom. On any single day, Cleaver Greene is described as many things. Whilst his ex-wife may call him 'unreliable', his son will call him 'a mate'. To his learned friends at the bar table he is 'a real wag', to his jurors he is 'hilarious', and to most judges he is 'an outrage'. To the Tax Office, he is 'a defendant', to a certain brothel owner 'a legend', and to his former cocaine dealer 'a tragic loss'. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 