nm0006508:

 Titanic (1997)651) A seventeen-year-old aristocrat falls in love with a kind but poor artist aboard the luxurious, ill-fated R.M.S. Titanic. 84 years later, a 100 year-old woman named Rose DeWitt Bukater tells the story to her granddaughter Lizzy Calvert, Brock Lovett, Lewis Bodine, Bobby Buell and Anatoly Mikailavich on the Keldysh about her life set in April 10th 1912, on a ship called Titanic when young Rose boards the departing ship with the upper-class passengers and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, and her fianc, Caledon Hockley. Meanwhile, a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson and his best friend Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets to the ship in a game. And she explains the whole story from departure until the death of Titanic on its first and last voyage April 15th, 1912 at 2:20 in the morning. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> After winning a trip on the RMS Titanic during a dockside card game, American Jack Dawson spots the society girl Rose DeWitt Bukater who is on her way to Philadelphia to marry her rich snob fianc Caledon Hockley. Rose feels helplessly trapped by her situation and makes her way to the aft deck and thinks of suicide until she is rescued by Jack. Cal is therefore obliged to invite Jack to dine at their first-class table where he suffers through the slights of his snobbish hosts. In return, he spirits Rose off to third-class for an evening of dancing, giving her the time of her life. Deciding to forsake her intended future all together, Rose asks Jack, who has made his living making sketches on the streets of Paris, to draw her in the nude wearing the invaluable blue diamond Cal has given her. Cal finds out and has Jack locked away. Soon afterwards, the ship hits an iceberg and Rose must find Jack while both must run from Cal even as the ship sinks deeper into the freezing water. hEmRaJ (gavin_coolhgr@hotmail.com) Deep on the bottom of the sea, some 3,800 metres below the surface of the freezing Atlantic Ocean, lies the wreckage of a ship: the unmistakable carcass of the Titanic, once man's grandest mechanical achievement, now stripped of its former glory. Almost one long century later, intrigued by Titanic's hidden riches, the modern treasure hunter, Brock Lovett, and his well-equipped technical crew, find themselves in the middle of the ocean, digging for answers for the past three years; nevertheless, without any success. But, when centenarian Rose Calvert, one of the few survivors of the Titanic, learns about this ambitious crusade, she decides to unfold her incredible and utterly tragic story; one that intertwines the extraordinary journey of the exquisite, deep-blue Heart-of-the-Ocean diamond of King Louis XVI, with the unlikely romance of Rose and the young bohemian vagabond, Jack Dawson. Now, an emotional trip down memory lane awaits. Can the mistakes of the past teach a lesson in humility to paupers and royalty alike? Nick Riganas Deep-sea explorer Brock Lovett has reached the most famous shipwreck of all - the Titanic. Emerging with a safe believed to contain a diamond called 'The Heart of the Ocean', he discovers the safe does not hold the diamond but a drawing of a beautiful woman wearing it. When Brock is later interviewed on TV, he shows the drawing to the cameras, and a 100-year-old woman named Rose Calvert living in Michigan recognizes the woman in the drawing - herself! On a visit to Brock's explorer ship over the wreck, Rose tells her story of the Titanic and its ill-fated voyage. Engaged to a would-be steel magnate, Caledon Hockley, she boards the Titanic's first-class suites with him and her mother in Southampton. Also boarding are Jack Dawson and his best friend Fabrizio De Rossi, after a lucky poker game wins them tickets in steerage. When Rose attempts suicide by jumping off the stern in third-class, Jack pulls her back onto the ship... and a bond is forged between them as Jack is invited by her into first-class the following day. Rose's mother and Caledon Hockley try desperate measures to keep them apart. But that strategy goes out the window when the Titanic collides with an iceberg, and due to a design flaw begins to sink - despite being proclaimed 'unsinkable'. Now Rose and Jack must fight to stay alive, but is young Jack already doomed because of his lower status as a steerage passenger? Derek O'Cain Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1996, treasure hunter Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) and his team aboard the research vessel Keldysh search the wreck of RMS Titanic for a necklace with a rare diamond, the Heart of the Ocean. They recover a safe containing a drawing of a young woman wearing only the necklace. It is dated April 14, 1912, the day the ship struck the iceberg. Rose Dawson Calvert (Gloria Stuart), claiming to be the person in the drawing, visits Lovett and tells of her experiences aboard the ship. In 1912 Southampton, 17-year-old first-class passenger Rose DeWitt Bukater (Kate Winslet), her fianc Cal Hockley (Billy Zane), and her mother Ruth (Frances Fisher) board the Titanic. Also boarding the ship at Southampton are Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio), a down-on-his-luck sketch artist, and his Italian friend Fabrizio (Danny Nucci). Young Rose, angry and distraught that her mother has apparently arranged the marriage, considers committing suicide by jumping from the stern; Jack manages to pull her back over the rail after she loses her footing & nearly falls into the propellers. Discovered with Jack, Rose tells Cal that she was peering over the edge and Jack saved her from falling. Cal is indifferent, but when Rose indicates some recognition is due, he offers Jack a small amount of money. After Rose asks whether saving her life meant so little, he invites Jack to dine with them in first class the following night, along with several prominent first-class passengers - including the Countess of Rothes, Archibald Gracie (Bernard Fox), Thomas Andrews (Victor Garber), Molly Brown (Kathy Bates), and John Jacob Astor (Eric Braeden) & his wife. Jack and Rose develop a tentative friendship, though Cal and Ruth are wary of him. Following dinner, Rose secretly joins Jack at a party in third class. During the party Cal's butler, Spicer Lovejoy (David Warner) stealthily sneaks down the third class staircase to spy on her. After a very tense breakfast the following morning, in which Cal shows an inclination towards violence, Rose becomes even more apprehensive about her upcoming marriage. Ruth emphasizes that Rose's marriage will resolve the DeWitt Bukaters' financial problems. After spotting Rose, Cal and Ruth out on the Boat Deck, Jack stealthily sneaks back into First Class and tries to warn Rose about what she may be facing. Rose rebuffs Jack's advances, but later realizes that she prefers him over Cal. After meeting on the bow at sunset, Rose takes Jack to her state room and displays Cal's engagement present: the Heart of the Ocean. At her request, Jack sketches Rose posing nude wearing it. Meanwhile, in the First-Class Smoking Room, Cal's butler informs him that none of the stewards have seen Rose at all that night. Cal orders the butler to find her. Rose & Jack manage to evade Cal's bodyguard and have sex in an automobile inside the cargo hold. They later visit the forward well deck, and while on it, the lookouts spot an iceberg directly in the ship's path. Orders are given to turn the ship hard a-starboard and run the engines full astern, but the ship takes too long to make the turn and the starboard side scrapes along the iceberg, causing substantial damage to the watertight compartments, including the cargo hold where Jack & Rose had been having sex in the automobile. Jack & Rose witness the collision with the iceberg and overhear the officers and designer discussing its seriousness. On the bridge, builder Thomas Andrews, Captain Smith (Bernard Hill), the ship's officers and White Star Line Managing Director Bruce Ismay (Jonathan Hyde) discuss the damage. The water has reached 14 feet above the keel in 10 minutes and has flooded 5 watertight compartments. Mr. Andrews warns that because of a design flaw, the water will spill over the tops of the bulkheads at E Deck, and this will cause the ship to sink. He gives an hour, two at most, for the ship to remain afloat. Cal discovers Jack's sketch of Rose and a mocking note from her in his safe along with the necklace. When Jack and Rose attempt to tell Cal of the collision, he has his butler slip the necklace into Jack's pocket and accuses him of theft. He is arrested, taken to the Master-at-arms' office, and handcuffed to a pipe. Cal puts the necklace in his own coat pocket. With the ship sinking, Rose is desperate to free Jack. She flees Cal and her mother, who has boarded a lifeboat, and rescues him. They return to the boat deck, where Cal and Jack encourage her to board a lifeboat; Cal claims he can get himself and Jack off safely. After Rose boards one, Cal tells Jack the arrangement is only for himself. As her boat lowers, Rose decides that she cannot leave Jack and jumps back on board. Jack confronts her, angrily at first, but his angers soon turns to affection and they share a series of kisses at the bottom of the Grand Staircase. Cal, seeing this, takes his butler's pistol and chases Rose and Jack into the flooding first class dining saloon. After using up his ammunition, Cal realizes he gave his coat and consequently the necklace to Rose. Jack & Rose are forced to flee below decks to escape Cal, and narrowly escape drowning themselves. They become trapped behind a locked gate, but Jack manages to free them just as the rising water reaches their heads. Out on the Boat Deck, Cal decides to make his own escape. He reminds the First Officer of the arrangement made earlier, but the officer angrily turns on Cal and refuses to allow him boarding. When he spots a lost child hiding behind a winch, he takes the child and is subsequently allowed into a collapsible lifeboat by Chief Officer Wilde. As Cal and others board the collapsible, the water surges into the bridge & wheelhouse, drowning Captain E.J. Smith and causing Cal's boat to start floating off the deck. By now the stern is staring to rise out of the water and the remaining passengers are running farther & farther aft. After braving several obstacles, Jack and Rose return to the boat deck. All the lifeboats have departed and passengers are falling to their deaths as the stern rises out of the water. Water now crashes through the huge dome over the Grand Staircase, drowning those passengers trapped inside. Jack & Rose reach the very stern - where they had first met - and take up positions on it by climbing over the rail, next to Chief Baker Charles Joughin. The ship breaks in half, causing the stern to crash down into the water and killing Lovejoy, the butler. As the bow breaks off it pulls the stern back into the air, leaving it sitting there for a minute. Jack and Rose ride it into the ocean as it fills with water and then plunges to the bottom. As Jack & Rose let go of the stern, the Titanic disappears into the darkness below them, and they both swim to the surface to find themselves in a massive mob of passengers and crew. Within minutes, Rose & Jack find a piece of paneling from the Grand Staircase, and he helps her onto the wooden panel only buoyant enough for one person. Holding the edge, he assures her that she will die an old woman, warm in her bed. He dies of hypothermia but she is saved when Fifth Officer Lowe & some crewmen return to try to find survivors. With Rose hiding from Cal en route, the RMS Carpathia takes the survivors to New York. There she gives her name as Rose Dawson. She later learns that Cal committed suicide after losing everything in the 1929 Wall Street Crash. Lovett abandons his search after hearing Rose's story. Alone on the stern of the Keldysh, Rose takes out the Heart of the Ocean - in her possession all along - and drops it into the sea over the wreck site. While she is seemingly asleep in her bed, photos on her dresser depict a life of freedom and adventure, partly inspired by Jack. A young Rose returns to the ship - at first, a gloomy wreck on the bottom - but as Rose reaches the Promenade Deck the ship begins to glow with light. As she enters the Grand Staircase she is greeted by those who perished on the ship - including the Titanic's band, First Officer Murdoch, Thomas Andrews, Jack's friends Fabrizio & Tommy Ryan, and standing at the clock is Jack himself. He extends a hand and they reunite, to the happy cheers of the perished passengers & crew. 
 See (2019 )Summaries Far in a dystopian future, the human race has lost the sense of sight, and society has had to find new ways to interact, build, hunt, and to survive. All of that is challenged when a set of twins are born with sight. In the early twenty-first century, a virus wiped out all human beings but some who survived lost their sense of sight. See takes place several centuries later, where society has found new ways to socially interact, build, hunt, and survive without vision. emojihundred It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pompeii (I) (2014)541) A slave-turned-gladiator finds himself in a race against time to save his true love, who has been betrothed to a corrupt Roman Senator. As Mount Vesuvius erupts, he must fight to save his beloved as Pompeii crumbles around him. Set in 79 A.D., POMPEII tells the epic story of Milo (Kit Harington), a slave turned invincible gladiator who finds himself in a race against time to save his true love Cassia (Emily Browning), the beautiful daughter of a wealthy merchant who has been unwillingly betrothed to a corrupt Roman Senator. As Mount Vesuvius erupts in a torrent of blazing lava, Milo must fight his way out of the arena in order to save his beloved as the once magnificent Pompeii crumbles around him. Sony Pictures Entertainment In 79 A.D., a Celtic tribe of horsemen is slaughtered by the Roman Senator Corvus, his right-hand man Proculus and their army. The boy Milo is the only survivor that is captured later and sold as slave. Seventeen years later, the slave Milo turns into an invincible gladiator in a province and is brought to Pompeii to participate in the games in the arena. While walking to Pompeii, the noble Cassia and her chaperone Ariadne cross with the path of the slaves and Cassia is fascinated by Milo. He shares the cell of Atticus, who is near to get his freedom depending on winning his last fight. Meanwhile Cassia meets her parents Severus and Aurelia and learns that she has been betrothed to the corrupt Senator Corvus who is pressing her parents to marry her. During the games, the Mount Vesuvius erupts and Milos and his friend Atticus succeed to escape from the arena. But Milo wants to save his beloved Cassia in the middle of the chaos and the Romans. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the menacing shadow of 79 A.D. Pompeii's Mount Vesuvius, the orphaned and left-for-dead boy-turned-gladiator, Milo, must fight for his life in the bustling port city's blood-stained arena. Before long, the untamed former slave catches the eye of the city governor Severus' beautiful daughter, Cassia, and much to his surprise, an ardent but perilous romantic affair beyond social classes begins. Now, against the backdrop of an imminent catastrophic volcanic eruption, and the corrupt Roman Senator Corvus' unappeased wrath, the young couple must seek a way out, as rivers of sluggish hot lava and a rain of heavy black ash threaten to devour the small town. Can Milo put aside his wild desire for retribution for Cassias' sake? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a quote from Pliny the Younger commenting on the cries of devastation heard from the citizens of Pompeii, intercut with images of the victims encased in solid magma. Britannia, 62 A.D. The film opens showing a Celtic village of horsemen. A young boy named Milo walks out of his tent to discover his people fighting off an invading horde of Romans. Milo fearfully sees his father fight bravely before he gets killed by Roman soldiers. His mother pulls him away from the chaos, only to get hit by a horse riding in. Leading the Romans is Senator Corvus (Kiefer Sutherland). He slashes Milo's mother across the neck as the boy lies on the ground and sees this, and then he orders the rest of the captured horsemen and villagers to be killed. The Romans pile their bodies on top of each other, including Milo, whom they believe to also be dead. The boy later pulls himself out of the pile and wanders. He is later found and taken by a group of men. 17 years later (August 79 A.D.) in Londinium, the capital city of Britannia, a slave owner named Graecus (Joe Pingue) watches with boredom as several slaves fight against each other. He demands to see something new. The slave handler tells Graecus about a new gladiator known only as 'The Celt'. In enters an older Milo (Kit Harington), somberly walking before the crowd. He is pitted against three other gladiators, and in seconds, he swiftly kills each of them without mercy. Graecus is now intrigued. The slaves are escorted alongside Princess Cassia (Emily Browning) and her friend Ariadne (Jessica Lucas) in their carriage coming from Rome. The carriage hits a bump on the road, causing a horse to turn over and fall on its side. Cassia runs to the horse's side as it writhes in pain. Milo tells the slave keeper Bellator (Currie Graham) to unchain him so that he may tend to the horse. He doesn't do so until Cassia allows this. Milo runs to the horse and soothes it with one touch and a few whispered words. He tells Cassia to put pressure on its side so it doesn't feel the pain. He then breaks the horse's neck to put it out of its misery. Ariadne is horrified by this but Cassia knows Milo did the right thing. Upon their return to Pompeii, Cassia takes a good look at Mount Vesuvius. She travels to her family palace which sits on the lower slopes of Vesuvius. There, she reunites with her parents Severus (Jared Harris) and Aurelia (Carrie-Anne Moss), and the man who tends the horses, Felix (Dalmar Abuzeid). Senator Corvus, accompanied by his lieutenant Proculus (Sasha Roiz), arrives from Rome with business to make with Severus for the new Roman emperor Titus. They plan to reconstruct the city, yet Corvus also has his eyes on Cassia, whom he had met during her stay in Rome, unbeknownst to her parents. Meanwhile, Milo is taken to the dungeon with the rest of the slaves. As he quietly eats, a larger slave confronts him, knowing Milo to be the one who killed his brother. Milo acts quickly and takes down the antagonist before he can make any further moves. This catches the eye of the African gladiator Atticus (Adewale Akkinouye-Agbaje). That evening, Felix is riding Vires, Cassia's favorite horse, through a field close to Vesuvius. The ground begins to shake and rumble. Frightened, the horse throws Felix off his back. The earth begins to crack. Felix starts to run but a chasm opens beneath him and he falls to his death. In the Pompeii arena the next morning, the gladiators are in training. Atticus is on his last day as a slave, and once he fights in the coming day, he will be free. He calls out for a challenger during a test fight in the arena, and Milo answers. The two of them duel with their wooden swords in front of the other gladiators. Milo has Atticus pinned to the ground when the angry slave from before draws a dagger to stab Milo in the back, but Atticus kicks the man away. Milo sees the dagger lying next to the man. Later in their cells, Milo asks Atticus why he saved him. He responds that a gladiator should not die with a knife in their back. Their death should come from the front. Suddenly, the earth starts to shake. Atticus reminds Milo it's coming from Vesuvius. That evening, the two men are taken into the palace during a celebration. A woman pays for time with Atticus (it's implied to be sexual), while Milo is taken to see Cassia. Vires has returned, distressed by the earthquakes. She allows Milo to privately tend to the horse, but then she joins him. He mounts it, and after a while, she takes his hand and hops on the horse's back. They ride the horse out of the palace, getting chased by Bellator and the guards. Milo asks Cassia to tell the Romans he forced her along, but she insists on telling the truth, that it was her idea. Corvus nearly kills Milo, who is now face-to-face for the first time since he was a child with the man who slaughtered his people, but Cassia has him spared by saying she would be grateful for Corvus's mercy. Milo receives 15 lashes as punishment, with Cassia, Ariadne, and Severus among those forced to watch. Atticus tends to Milo's wounds by pouring wine on his back. The earth shakes again, which Atticus says is a sign from the gods. Milo believes this to be true after seeing Corvus again. He believes he has been kept alive long enough for something bigger. The following day (August 24, 79 A.D.), the battle in arena takes place. To the surprise of the gladiators, they are not engaging in single combat, but rather, they are forced to fight dozens of Roman soldiers while being chained to a pillar. Corvus gives the word and commences the fight. The Roman soldiers charge toward the gladiators. They raise their shields as the soldier hurl spears their way. They continue charging, sparring with them using their swords. Together, Milo and Atticus fight back, breaking the pillar to crash down on the Romans until they are the only two survivors. Meanwhile, Corvus tells Cassia that Severus gave him consent for her hand in marriage. Aurelia is shocked and Severus says he did no such thing. Corvus blackmails them by saying that he will have her whole family hung unless she complies. Regretfully, she does. Milo then stands on the platform holding a scepter with the Roman eagle on it, crying "I will not bow to the power of Rome! I spit on it!" He breaks the scepter in half and hurls the pointed end at Corvus, but Proculus breaks it away with his sword. Milo and Atticus are nearly sentenced to death by a firing squad of arrows, but before Corvus can give the thumbs down, Cassia intervenes with a thumbs up. And then, the earth rumbles yet again... right before Vesuvius finally erupts. The arena crumbles, with many people falling or getting crushed by the lava stones. The rest of the citizens retreat while Cassia is taken away. A pillar falls onto the balcony where Corvus, Severus, and Aurelia are standing. As a hole opens in the ground of the arena, Milo pushes Proculus into it, bringing them to the dungeon. The two fight, and Proculus gets the upper hand, but Milo releases all the prisoners to chase after him. Proculus escapes and shuts the door, leaving Bellator behind to get beaten to death. Atticus is impressed with Milo's work. On the balcony, Severus and Aurelia wake up, severely weakened. She spots Corvus lying unconscious, telling Severus to kill him. Severus takes a knife and almost sticks it into Corvus until the man wakes up. He tells Severus he will no longer do business with him, and then impales him. He leaves with Proculus. Severus kisses Aurelia's forehead and takes her hand before he dies. Not long after, Milo finds a barely alive Aurelia, who tells him to find Cassia at the nearby villa to rescue her. She dies afterward. Vesuvius starts spewing fireballs that rain down on Pompeii, setting the city ablaze as the citizens run for the harbor. Graecus pays for his passage on a ship, but a fireball lands on his ship, sinking it as it sails out of the harbor. Other citizens are killed in the chaos and they are unable to escape the fireballs. Corvus and Proculus also kill people as they try running away. Milo runs to the villa where Cassia and Ariadne are. The roof crashes down, almost killing Cassia. Milo breaks the door down and rescues her. Ariadne brings her water as she is coughing. The three of them make it out of the villa before it is destroyed. The earthquakes happen again, causing the cliff near the villa to break. Ariadne runs toward Milo and Cassia, with the latter reaching out to grab her friend, but it is too late when Ariadne falls over the edge to her death. Milo gets Cassia out of there. Atticus is among those running to the harbor. The water starts rising, moving away from the shore. People fall off the ships or off the planks. A tsunami forms caused by the volcanic earthquake, heading toward the city. Atticus yells at everyone to run in the opposite direction. A mother is separated from her daughter and cannot reach her with everybody pulling her away. Atticus rescues the girl and guides her mother to safety, reuniting the two. Milo and Cassia reunite with Atticus, happy to see them both. He informs them that they can no longer make it to the shore, so they resolve to head south for the hills where most of the people are now fleeing to. Knowing they can't move quick enough on foot, they run back to the arena to get horses. Cassia finds the bodies of her parents, holding hands. As she mourns them, she is capture by Proculus. At the same time, Milo and Atticus evade the Roman soldiers. They find Corvus shackling Cassia to his cart, ready to make off with her, leaving the soldiers to kill Milo. Together, he and Atticus easily kill all of them before Corvus flees. Atticus tells Milo to go get Cassia while he stays to fight Proculus. The two gladiators bid each other goodbye and promise to see each other again soon. As he leaves, Atticus battles Proculus in a sword fight. Despite putting up a good fight, Atticus is impaled with Proculus's sword. "A barbarian does not die equal to a Roman," he snarls. Atticus breaks off the sword and takes Proculus's wrist with the broken edge, raising it slowly to his neck. "Let's see if a Roman can die equal to a gladiator." Proculus starts to beg for mercy, but Atticus retorts, "A gladiator does not beg!" before sticking the broken edge into Proculus's neck, killing him. Milo rides Vires as he chases after Corvus through the streets. Cassia breaks off a piece of wood from the cart and unlocks herself. She tries to attack Corvus, but he knocks her off the cart before Corvus gets thrown off when his chariot hits a bump. Milo runs to Cassia, but Corvus almost slays both of them. Milo finally fights Corvus in one last duel. He stabs Corvus in the arm as Vesuvius erupts one more time, sending a fireball crashing down. The smoke fills up, and Cassia sees a figure emerging from it. It's Corvus. However, Milo tackles him and brings him down. Corvus reaches for his blade but Cassia chains him to a rock. Milo reminds Corvus that he is the one who killed his family, yet he chooses not to directly kill Corvus. He rides off with Cassia as the final eruption sends a wave of ash and fire all across the city. Corvus screams as he is burnt to a crisp, while Atticus raises a fist in salute to the skies and embraces his fate, knowing he will die a free man. Milo and Cassia manage to ride out of the city toward the hills, but Vires throws Cassia off, too weak to keep going. Milo knows the horse can't take both of them, so he tells Cassia to go on without him. She refuses, not wanting to spend her last moments running. The two look into each others eyes and share their only kiss, mere seconds before they too are consumed by the ash cloud. The film ends with a shot of Milo and Cassia's bodies encased in solid magma, still locked in a passionate kiss. 
 X-Men (2000)761) In a world where mutants (evolved super-powered humans) exist and are discriminated against, two groups form for an inevitable clash: the supremacist Brotherhood, and the pacifist X-Men. In a world where both Mutants and Humans fear each other, Marie, better known as Rogue, runs away from home and hitches a ride with another mutant, known as Logan, a.k.a. Wolverine. Professor Charles Xavier, who owns a school for young mutants, sends Storm and Cyclops to bring them back before it is too late. Magneto, who believes a war is approaching, has an evil plan in mind, and needs young Rogue to help him. Film_Fan Born with extraordinary abilities in a world filled with fear, prejudice, and intolerance, the next link in the chain of human evolution, the powerful meta-humans, will soon have to choose sides. As the telepathic mutant, Professor Charles Xavier, struggles to achieve a peaceful coexistence between the two species, hoping that the gifted students of his institute will use their powers for good, his old friend and super-human antagonist, Magneto, prepares for war. Now, Professor X's newest students--the teenage mutant with the deadly touch, Rogue, and the body-regenerating, adamantium-infused Logan, aka Wolverine--find themselves caught in the middle of a violent confrontation; one that would either stop or usher in a new era in the history of homo superior. Can Xavier's X-Men put an end to Magneto's megalomaniac vision? Nick Riganas In the near future, when children are being born with a special X-factor in their genes, giving them special powers and making them mutants, the seeds of a new Holocaust are being sown by Senator Robert Kelly. The situation brings into opposition the fellow mutants and former friends, Erik Lehnsherr, a.k.a. Magneto, and Professor Charles Xavier. While Xavier wants a peaceful means of stopping the hatred toward mutants, Magneto seeks to even things out with a machine that would speed up the mutation process in all humans, making everyone equal. To stop Magneto, Xavier brings together a special group of mutants called "X-Men" to stop him. In the meantime, two mysterious mutants emerge: Logan, a powerful and aggressive mutant with no past, no memories, and a young girl named Rogue. Their quests for identities eventually land them in the sights of Xavier and Magneto, but for what purpose? Justin Clark <LostFallenAngel@aol.com> After the death of his family at the hands of the Nazis, Magnus, a mutant, vows revenge on all humanity. Meanwhile, a group of good mutants is assembled by Professor Charles Xavier, who trains and cares for them. Magnus, now under the guise of Magneto, assembles the villains Sabertooth and Mystique to destroy anyone who gets in his way, including a furry Canadian mutant named Logan (Wolverine). A fierce battle ensues between Sabertooth and Wolverine. Xavier's group, the X-Men, recruits Logan just in time to learn of Magneto's dastardly plan to destroy the world. Jacob Mathison <dkrogh3850@aol.com> Across the world, children are born with an extra twist to their chromosomes that allow them to exhibit superhuman abilities: fire a beam of force from their eyes, sprout wings that allow flight, or read people's minds. These "children of the atom" are often feared and despised by the world, forcing these mutants to resort to desperate actions. However, one group of mutants have banded together to show the world that it need not fear their kind. Apart, they are simply scientific curiosities, freaks, and monsters, but together, united by their shared belief, they are more. They are the uncanny X-Men. Joe Button <joe@iximd.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Evolution of some lifeform to another is a slow process which takes thousands of years, but every few hundred millennia, some abrupt change may happen giving rise to what is called mutants with special properties and powers. In a world where both humans and mutants are living, a group of mutants that seeks peace and friendship with humans, is led by Professor Charles Xavier who has ability to control others' thoughts and actions; and his students Dr Jean Grey who has telepathic and telekinetic abilities; Cyclops who has the ability to fire an optic blast from his eyes; and Storm who has ability to create storm and lightning. Another group of mutants comprise Sabretooth who features a sabre-tooth, Toad who features a frog like tongue, and Mystique who is a shape-shifter. They are led by Magneto who harbors deep hatred for human race due to his tragic past as a boy Eric in Nazi ruled Poland and now has the ability to create magnetic field. In US Congress, Senator Robert Kelly attempts to pass a "Mutant Registration Act", which would force mutants to publicly reveal their identities and abilities. Magneto begins his plans to fight against humans. Meanwhile, a mutant girl named Marie (a.k.a Rogue) discovers that the touch of her skin physically hurts that person by absorbing their energy/powers and runs away from her home in Mississippi. In Canada, she meets another mutant Wolverine (a.k.a. Logan) who has quick healing power and retractable metallic claws which he brings out from inside his body when threatened. After a fight, Logan drives away in his truck and gives Rogue a lift. Suddenly, both of them are attacked by Sabretooth. Cyclops & Storm arrive and save Logan & Rogue and bring them to Prof Xavier's mansion. Prof Xavier reveals to Logan that he runs the facility in the disguise of a school where they educate young mutants in the responsible use of their powers, who may either rejoin the human society or stay there as "X-Men". Below the surface, they aim to stop Magneto from starting a war with humanity. Rogue joins the school and likes a boy named Bobby Drake there. Senator Kelly, the face of anti-mutant public demonstrations, is abducted by Mystique & Toad and taken to Magneto. Magneto runs a machine that emits a radiation on Kelly and artificially induces mutation, though Kelly manages to escape imprisonment with his new abilities. After an accident causes Rogue to absorb Logan's powers, she is convinced by Mystique (disguised as Bobby) that others are now afraid of her and she should leave the school. Xavier has a machine called Cerebro to locate the mutants around and he uses that to locate the fleeing Rogue at a train station. Mystique infiltrates Cerebro and sabotages the machine. Logan grabs a bike to reach the train station and convinces Rogue to stay with Xavier. Cyclops and Storm too reach the station searching for her but a fight ensues when Magneto, Toad and Sabretooth arrive and they take Rogue. Kelly, now a new mutant, seeks help of Dr Grey at Xavier's school to cure him, but he dissolves into a puddle of water when his mutation becomes unstable. Magneto brings Rogue to Liberty Island and places his machine atop the Statue of Liberty. He intends to use his machine on the world leaders who are meeting for a UN summit on nearby Ellis Island and change them into mutants. The X-Men learn that the machine draws its energy from Magneto and thus weakened him in previous use, to the point of nearly killing him, so he has abducted Rogue who can be used to absorb his powers and then be used to start his machine. Xavier attempts to use Cerebro to locate Rogue but the compromised machine sends him into a coma. Jean fixes it and locates Rogue on Liberty Island. Logan, Jean, Cyclops and Storm take a jet to arrive at the top of the statue and a fight ensues with Mystique disguised as Logan. Toad is killed by Storm's lightning and Mystique is apparently killed by Logan, but then Magneto incapacitates the group with his magnetic powers. The X-men tell Magneto that Kelly is dead and his machine is a killer, not converter. However Magneto goes ahead with his plan arguing it to be fair. Magneto transfers his powers to Rogue who is forced to sit inside the machine and then start it. Logan breaks free and initiates a fight with Sabretooth. Cyclops, with Jean's help, blasts his optic rays on Sabretooth smashing him out of the statue. With Jean stabilizing him, Storm creates a storm to propel Logan to the top of Magneto's machine. With time running out, Logan attempts to stop the machine and save Rogue, but Magneto, now having regained some of his strength, halts Logan's claws. Cyclops manages to find a clean shot, wounding Magneto and allowing Logan to destroy the machine and the radiation stops short of reaching the people. Placing his hand to her face, Logan succeeds in transferring his regenerative abilities to a dying Rogue who recovers. Magneto is arrested. Professor Xavier recovers from his coma and the group finds that Mystique is still alive, now impersonating Senator Kelly. In an attempt to help Logan learn more about his past, Xavier sends him to a military base near Alkali Lake. Xavier visits Magneto in his prison, who warns that he will continue his war, to which Xavier promises that he (and the X-Men) will always be there to stop him. 