nm0011570:

 God's Gun (1976)Summaries A priest and his twin brother take turns defending a small town from the vicious Clayton gang. Intent on murder, the vicious cut-throats of the pitiless bandit, Sam Clayton, ride into dusty Juno City, rob the bank, and kill the pacifistic man of religion, Father John, in front of the church. As the semi-inebriated sheriff decides not to take action, the priest's young protg, Johnny, gambles with death to find the deceased's twin brother, Lewis, in Mexico, and talk him into settling the score. Can Diamante Lobo, the feared ex-bounty hunter, right a wrong, and in the process, rid the town of Clayton's jackals? Nick Riganas Priest turned vigilante Father John (Van Cleef) hunts down a gang of criminals, led by Sam Clayton (Palance), who killed a man in a local bar. On the gang's return to the town, they kill the priest, leaving a young parishioner Johnny behind. He now seeks revenge for the death of the holy man. James Dingsdale It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Baby Love (1983)Summaries Benny falls in love with his best friend's little sister. They hide it from her brother, who is trying to protect her. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gloves (1986)Summaries Based on a novel by Dan Tzelkah. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Private Manoeuvres (1983)Summaries A spin-off film that centers around Yudale/Huey's mandatory Israeli army service, post boot camp. This time he helps his sergeant Shemesh beat a rival base, while also beating him to score with the visiting Swiss Ambassador's wife. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 