nm0005225:

 Nash Bridges (19962001)Summaries A smart alecky San Francisco, California cop and his get rich quick scheme of a partner keep tabs on crime and take down the bad guys in the Bay Area. Nash (Don Johnson) is a smart-alecky police inspector, who's seen fighting crime on the streets of San Francisco, California, while driving around in his screaming yellow 1970ish Plymouth Hemi Barracuda. He's the typical super-cop on the beat, who always wins in the end. Unfortunately, his personal relationships leave much to be desired. He has two ex-wives, a sixteen-year-old daughter needing a lot of supervision, and a father with Alzheimer's disease who keeps getting kicked out of retirement homes and dropping by to visit. NASH-B Discussion List Moderators <nash-b-request@bayne.com> Nash Bridges (Don Johnson) is a celebrated veteran police officer, and head of the SIU Department of the San Francisco, California Police Department. With his best friend and partner for life Joe Dominguez (Richard Anthony "Cheech" Marin), and his loyal crew of law enforcement, they're the best of the best in taking down the crime that plagues the city. From powerful people of immense wealth right on down to scum at the bottom of the ladder, Bridges will take them down in his lifelong devotion to the law. But aside from his professional exploits, he's a divorced single father with a young teenage daughter ahead of her time, a father whose attitude refuses to confine himself to a nursing home, and relationships that never quite solidify because of his career. mystic80 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Touched by an Angel (19942003)Summaries Monica (Roma Downey), Tess (Della Reese), and Andrew (John Dye) are a trio of angels sent to Earth to tell depressed and troubled people that God loves them and hasn't forgotten them. Angels are dispatched from heaven to inspire people who are at crossroads in their lives. Monica (Roma Downey), an angel who at times still needs some guidance with her Earthly assignments, reports to Tess (Della Reese), her tough, wise, and always loving supervisor. Joining them is Andrew (John Dye), who, in addition to his duties as the Angel of Death, helps out as a caseworker on various assignments. The angels may not bring answers to every problem, but they always deliver a message of hope. DANIEL It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Evan Almighty (2007)651) God contacts Congressman Evan Baxter and tells him to build an ark in preparation for a great flood. Buffalo newsman Evan Baxter is elected to Congress with the slogan, "Change the world." He lucks into a huge house in a new Virginia suburb. His Capitol office is also fantastic, but there's a catch: he's tapped by the powerful Congressman Long to co-sponsor a bill to allow development in national parks. In steps God, who appears to a disbelieving Evan and gently commands him to build an ark. Tools and wood arrive in Evan's yard, animal pairs follow, his beard and hair grow wildly, nomad's clothes and a staff appear. Long grows impatient, Evan starts building, his family leaves him, reporters gather, and drought grips D.C. Still, Evan believes. But will he change the world? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Just like Bruce Nolan in Bruce Almighty (2003) , the former news anchorman and newly elected Congressman, Evan Baxter, is facing a pivotal point in his life while trying to change the world. With a controversial bill waiting for approval, suddenly, strange coincidences start to occur, as the mysterious numbers 6:14 seem to sprout up again and again, and pairs of wild animals flock to his perfectly manicured lawn. Now, long silver hair and a matching beard complete the perplexed congressman's new look. Has he become a modern-day Noah? Under those circumstances, has Evan, indeed, conversed with God? Above all, will, or, better yet, can Evan build God's ark in time? Nick Riganas The last time we saw Evan Baxter, he was being tormented by rival Bruce Nolan on screen, live from their Buffalo TV station. But as time passed and Evan has made up with Bruce, he's gone onto bigger and better things. Newly elected to Washington D.C. as a congressman, Evan has left Buffalo, New York in pursuit of a greater calling. But that calling isn't serving in the illustrious ranks of America's politics, but being summoned by the Almighty himself, who has handed Evan the task of building a new ark, much as Noah did before. With time passing by and his family belittled by Evan's newfound realization, Evan will have to do the work that God has given him in what promises to be an unusual adventure for a man who just wanted to serve his country, might actually be serving humanity. mystic80 Evan Baxter is a rising congressman with a bright future and his goal to "change the world". God hears this message and decides to give him a hand. Delivering Evan the material and the animals, he sets Evan the task of building an ark. After trying to ignore God as much as possible, Evan eventually goes ahead with the plan, even if the other Congressmen and his family thinks he's mad. FilmFanUk Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Newly elected to Congress, former local TV newsman Evan Baxter (Steve Carell) leaves Buffalo and shepherds his family to suburban northern Virginia, where his congressional campaign declares that he will change the world without explaining how he will do so. On his first job, he meets Marty (John Michael Higgins), Rita Daniels (Wanda Sykes) and top congressman Chuck Long (John Goodman). Soon after his arrival, strange things start to happen: 01 - Animals follow Evan without any apparent reason. 02 - He grows a beard that is restored wholly every time he shaves. 03 - Eight vacant lots in Evan's neighborhood are purchased in his name. 04 - Ancient tools and wood are sent to his house. 05 - The number "614" appears everywhere he goes. Evan soon learns that the number indicates a verse in the book of Genesis, in which God instructs Noah to build an ark. Later, God (Morgan Freeman) appears and commands Evan to build a replica of Noah's Ark in preparation for a deluge. His family initially believe that he is having an extraordinary mid-life crisis; later, his sons suspect that something greater is occurring and assist him in the construction of the ark, although his wife Joan (Lauren Graham) does not. Reappearing, God tells Evan the flood will come at noon on September 22. Animals later follow Evan to Congress. When he explains the reason for this, Chuck Long suspends him. Upon Evan's departure, some birds poop on Chuck. Joan, upon seeing a news report that features the Ark, takes their three sons to her mother's house, thinking to abandon Evan. Evan then builds the Ark alone, gaining international notice. Some time after Joan leaves Evan, God appears to her as a waiter at a diner, wearing a name tag displaying "Al Mighty" (a play on "almighty"). In this guise, He tells her that God does not give things, but only the opportunity by which to obtain things, citing togetherness of families as one of these things. Seeing His meaning, Joan returns to Evan to finish the ark together. Meanwhile, word reaches Evan that Chuck Long has commissioned a dam and has cut corners in doing so. On September 22, Evan loads hundreds of animals onto the newly finished ark in front of live news crews and nearby citizens. Minutes pass wherein is no sign of rain, provoking the spectators' scorn. When a rainstorm is briefly present, Evan takes this as a sign of the coming deluge, but is proven wrong. Joan tells Evan to leave the ark; Evan, however, remembers Congressman Long's dam, which he fears may burst. As he thinks on this, the dam does burst, flooding the streets. At this, all spectators and policeman board the ark, which sails down the streets of Washington D.C. on the floodwaters of the lake until it eventually lands touching the front of the Capitol. Evan then tells Long that the flood was caused by his poor design of the dam, which incites the other congressmen present to turn against Long. As investigations on Chuck Long are occurring, Evan and his family later go on a hiking trip, during which God reappears to Evan, telling him that the way to change the world is by doing one Act of Random Kindness ("ARK") at a time. 
 Driven (2001)Summaries A young hot shot driver is in the middle of a championship season and is coming apart at the seams. A former CART champion is called in to give him guidance. Talented rookie race-car driver Jimmy Bly has started losing his focus and begins to slip in the race rankings. It's no wonder, with the immense pressure being shoveled on him by his overly ambitious promoter brother as well as Bly's romance with his arch rival's girlfriend Sophia. With much riding on Bly, car owner Carl Henry brings former racing star Joe Tanto on board to help Bly. To drive Bly back to the top of the rankings, Tanto must first deal with the emotional scars left over from a tragic racing accident which nearly took his life. Anna <dimenxia@yahoo.com> Young British talent Jimmy Bly breaks German Beau Brandenburg's car race hegemony, until his concentration suffers after a selfish girl-friend toys with their feelings. Drop-out Joe Tanto accepts as a favor to cynical stable boss Carl Henry to return on the team as coach for and rival-to-be-beaten within the team. Joe does well as wise dad and brotherly confidant, even restores a rapport with Beau, his former race rival. But the racing circuit also proves dangerous in terms of accidents, and experience with those complicates matters. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 