nm0008422:

 There Are No Second Takes in Life... Take 2 (2014 )Summaries After considering all the things that are difficult about making a web series (finding a film crew, scheduling actors, filming numerous episodes, editing episodes in post, etc.), Stephen McNamee tried to think of a way to circumvent these obstacles, and he came up with THERE ARE NO SECOND TAKES IN LIFE... TAKE 2. THERE ARE NO SECOND TAKES IN LIFE... TAKE 2 is a daily web series where every episode is between 20 seconds and 3 minutes and where every episode is filmed with one continuous shot. Also, the web series is filmed without a film crew - there is no one behind the camera and no one holding a microphone. Stephen McNamee It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Old No. 587: The Great Train Robbery (2000)Summaries A group of children try to save an old steam locomotive from the scrap yard with the help of the engine's driver and his dog. On the day of the big race, Alex and his friends line their sopabox racers up at the top of the steepest and longest hill in the neighborhood. With his sister Molly watching from the sidelines, the checkered flag waves and the race is on! After a slow start, Alex deploys his secret fifth wheel and accelerates from last place to the head of the pack. But the incredible speed gained is countered by complete loss of control as he rushes headlong into Deadman's Curve and crashes through an old wooden fence. After the dust settles, Alex discovers a fully-functional steam locomotive, "The 587" - destined for the scrap heap. He and his sister Molly devise a plan to rescue the antique engine with the help of an old engineer, Russel, his dog, Sparky, and about every kid in the neighborhood. Thus begins their awesome adventure, "587: The Great Train Robbery." Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Those Who Can't Do (2014)Summaries Tom, a new teacher at the Hilary Rodham Clinton School of the Enriched Studies, enters the teachers lounge only to find a bunch of zany co-workers and dire news that throws him into a state of turmoil. This single-room comedy centers around the teachers who were hired to inspire the children of America...but mostly just plan extravagant surprise birthday parties for co-workers instead. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 There are no Second Takes in Life... Take 2 (2016)Summaries A cross between 'Between Two Ferns' and 'High Maintenance,' There Are No Second Takes In Life...Take 2 follows the life of Stephen who believes he can turn his life around in 90 days. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 