nm0004381:

 The Science of Sleep (2006)Summaries A man entranced by his dreams and imagination is love-struck with a French woman and feels he can show her his world. Following the death of his father from cancer, Stphane - Mexican on his father's side, French on his mother's side - agrees, despite his less than proficient use of the French language, on his mother's request to move back to France from Mexico, she not only letting him live in her apartment in his old bedroom in the building she owns while she stays with her current boyfriend Grard, a magician, but she having found him a job using his graphic art skills at a calendar shop. The job ends up not being quite as she had made it out to be - it more a dead end menial job - but Stphane is still able to eke out a friendship of sorts with his new coworkers, especially Guy, the senior employee, a bully of a man-child who obsesses about sex and who becomes Stphane's confidante. Concurrently, Stphane strikes a friendship with his neighbor, Stphanie, and her friend, Zo, Stphane and their friendship stemming out of some mistruths, including the two artistically inclined women not divulging they, like him, lead dead end nine-to-five jobs, and Stphane also not divulging that he is actually Stphanie's neighbor and the son of her landlady which allows him to spy on Stphanie's apartment without notice. While Stphane is romantically interested in Zo, he believes Stphanie in turn is interested in him. Regardless, Stphane forms a special bond with Stphanie, their similar names only one of the many factors which may indicate that the cosmos meant for them to have this bond. Despite what Stphanie may feel for Stphane in return, their friendship/relationship will be affected by Stphane often not being able to differentiate between reality and what are, to him, his very vivid dreams. Huggo Following the death of his father in Mexico, Stphane Miroux, a shy insecure young man, agrees to come to Paris to draw closer to his widowed mother Christine. He lands a boring job at a calendar-making firm and falls in love with his charming neighbor Stphanie. But conquering her is no bed of roses for the young man and the only solution he finds to put up with the difficulties he is going through is escape into a dream world... Guy Bellinger It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mr. Bean's Holiday (2007)431) Mr. Bean wins a trip to Cannes where he unwittingly separates a young boy from his father and must help the two reunite. On the way he discovers France, bicycling, and true love. Mr. Bean enters a church raffle and wins a vacation trip to France as well as a camcorder. After boarding a Eurostar train and arriving in Paris, the French language proves a barrier for Bean, as he struggles to get across the city to catch a train to the south of France from the Gare de Lyon. Taking time to order a meal, he finds the consumption of a seafood platter to be a challenge. Just before catching his train, he asks Emil, a Russian film director on his way to be a judge at the Cannes Film festival to use his camcorder to record his boarding, but accidentally causes Emil being left behind at the station. Bean attempts to cheer up the director's son Stepan as the train continues south but matters are made more hectic by the fact that Emil has reported his son to have been kidnapped and Bean losing his wallet and essential travel documents at a pay phone where he and Stepan attempt to contact Emil. Heading in the direction of Cannes, Bean finds himself in the cast and disrupting the flow of a commercial being shot by the egotistical director Carson Clay. He and Stepan finally hitch a ride with the young and vivacious actress Sabine who is heading to Cannes to attend the premiere of Clay's film, in which she appears. After Bean sneaks into the showing, his camcorder images are destined to enliven the proceedings. Brian Greenhalgh Much to his delight, the clumsy but mainly well-intentioned, Mr Bean, wins a trip to the South of France at the picturesque French Riviera, after entering a church fundraiser. Without delay, the loveable man-child Londoner sets off for a relaxing holiday at the sunny beaches of Cannes equipped with a brand-new video camera; however, it is not before long when Bean's dreamy vacations will turn into an odyssey of unforeseen consequences. Inevitably, on his journey across France to finally get to the beach, disaster will follow, but who knows what will happen when Mr Bean's wild adventure ends up at the renowned Cannes Film Festival. Will Bean catch a glimpse of the sea? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mr. Bean (Rowan Atkinson) wins a raffle and claims his prize a holiday involving a train journey to Cannes, a Sony Handycam DCR-HC96, and 200. Bean proceeds to film his trip to the French Riviera beach on the video camera. On the train, Bean buys some coffee. Bean arrives in Paris, France where accidentally taking a taxi from the Gare du Nord railway station to the arch at La Defense in Paris, Bean is forced to make his way on foot with the help of compass, literally walking through Paris (with disastrous effects) towards Gare de Lyon from La Dfense to board his next train towards Cannes. He misses his train when his tie gets stuck while trying to buy a sandwich from a vending machine. Discovering that a back-up train won't be leaving for another hour, he has time to try some French food at Le Train Bleu restaurant. Unable to communicate with the waiter in French and misunderstanding his suggestion, he accidentally orders oysters and langoustines, disgusting the taste of oysters. He pours the oysters into a nearby lady's handbag and eats a whole langoustine without removing the shell. He quickly escapes when the lady sees the oysters inside her bag. Back on the platform, Bean asks a man, who happens to be a Cannes Film Festival jury member and Russian movie critic Emil Dachevsky (Karel Roden), to use his camcorder to film his walking onto the train. By the time they are done, the TGV is about to leave. Although Bean manages to get onto the train, the doors close before Emil can get on. Emil told Bean to open the door but there is no button and then helplessly films Emil while running. Emil's son, Stepan Dachevsky (Max Baldry) is left on board by himself. Bean attempts to befriend Stepan, who gets off at the next stop to meet his father. While confronting a threatening stranger who approaches Stepan, Bean accidentally misses the train's departure, losing his bag aboard. The train that Stepan's father has boarded does not stop at the station, and he holds up a mobile number which reads 0608080797, but the last two digits are covered by his fingers. Bean and Stepan write down the possible numbers, but their first three attempts of calling Stepan's father prove fruitless. They end up calling a hairdresser, an undertaker, and a two-year-old kid. They board the next train, accidentally leaving Bean's ticket, passport and money behind which results in the duo being forced off the train at the next stop. They ask a lady for money to try and contact Stepan's father, but still, they are unable to reach him. Ironically, they end up contacting a maid who is cleaning Stepan's parents' hotel room. Then, a security camera takes a picture of Bean making a fake evil face. The station master sees Bean and Stepan trying to get money out of some public phones and chases them out of the station, suspecting them as vandals. Feeling hungry and low on money, Bean and Stepan decide to attempt at busking by miming to Puccini's O mio babbino caro (sung by Rita Streich) and other music and it proves successful. Afterwards, Bean buys two bus tickets to Cannes, and some food to eat on the way, but loses his ticket when it gets caught in the breeze and then snagged in the talon of a chicken, which is subsequently loaded into a farm pick-up. Bean steals a nearby bicycle and follows the pick-up, and passes a bicycle race in the process. When he reaches the farm, he finds a large chicken pen with thousands of chickens and realizes that he'll never find the ticket. As he leaves the farm, he finds the bicycle destroyed by a passing tank. Bean attempts to hitch a ride on a moped, but it wouldn't go since it couldn't hold two people. Ironically, a VW van with Stepan in it passes by when Bean accidentally locks himself in an old outhouse by the side of the road. After almost getting killed by a passing truck when he has managed to move the outhouse out on the road, Bean sets off for a place to settle for the night. Bean wakes up the next morning to see German World War II soldiers attacking a village he was sleeping in. Eventually he realizes that the village that he was in was used as a set for a commercial, which is being directed by Carson Clay (Willem Dafoe). Carson joins Bean as a soldier but it is fired when Carson sees Bean's camera attached on a rifle. When Bean's video camera battery dies, he decides to recharge it, but accidentally blows up the set afterwards, injuring Carson and losing his hat. Hitchhiking, Bean is picked up by actress Sabine (Emma de Caunes), whom Bean encountered at the commercial filming, driving the same type of car as Bean. She is on her way to the 59th Cannes Film Festival where Carson Clay's new film, in which she makes her debut, is going to be presented. When they stop at a petrol station, Bean finds Stepan in its caf. Continuing to drive to Cannes, Bean finds Sabine's cell phone, which gives him an idea to try and contact Stepan's father, but yet again, they still are unable to reach him. They end up calling a man who accidentally drops his phone in a urinal, a man who commits suicide by jumping off a bridge (after he broke up with his lover) and even the waiter from the Le Train Bleu restaurant. When Sabine falls asleep behind the steering wheel that night, Bean takes over the driving but struggles to stay awake himself. The next morning they finally reach Cannes. When Sabine goes into a petrol station to change for the premiere, she watches TV news depicting Bean as Stepan's kidnapper and Sabine as an accomplice. The news anchor also informs that road blocks have been set up all over France, trying to catch them. There were even wanted posters with Bean on them. In order not to get caught before they reach the premiere venue, Stepan dresses up as Sabine's daughter, while Bean dresses up as Sabine's mother. They manage to get past the police and Sabine arrives at the premiere on time. The three sneak into the premiere of "Playback Time", a shameless vanity production written by, produced by, directed by, and starring Carson himself. From the first few moments, the audience is horribly bored. Sabine tells Bean that her big scene is coming up, but is disappointed to see that her role has been cut from the film. Seeing that Carson uses a similar video camera as him, and hoping to cheer up Sabine, Bean goes to the projection room and plugs his camera into the projector. The ensuing scenes, heavily featuring Sabine and Bean, fit Carson's narration. When Bean, chased by security guards, ends up on stage while his video is being played, Emil sees footage of his son, where the film ends, and claims that Bean has kidnapped him. But just as Bean is about to be arrested (Bean starts to run on the backs of the chairs as Roberto Benigni in the 71st Academy Awards when his film Life Is Beautiful won) Stepan also appears from behind the screen and is finally reunited with his father. The audience gives a standing ovation for what they believe to be part of Carson's movie. Carson's initial anger fades and he embraces Bean and takes credit for the film's success. After the screening, Bean picks up his camera, leaves the building and finally arrives at the beach, encountering many of the other characters including Sabine and Stepan. The film ends with Bean and the whole cast miming Charles Trenet's famous song "La Mer". In a post-credits scene, Bean writes "FIN" on the wet sand using his foot. He films it until the sea washes the words away and the screen cuts to black as his camera's battery dies again. 
 A Brother... (1997)Summaries Loic is a photographer who is trying to leave his working-class background behind and make a name for himself as an artist. His best friend Tony has become involved with both hard drugs and Loic's former girlfriend Virginie, while man-about-town Vincent, who has plenty of connections in the art community, has developed a keen interest in Loic's sister Sophie who is still at school but growing up fast and does not know what she wants in life. However, Loic and Sophie are very close -- perhaps closer than a brother and sister should be -- and Loic is not comfortable with Vincent's obviously sexual interest in her. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Diving Bell and the Butterfly (2007)651) The true story of Elle editor Jean-Dominique Bauby who suffers a stroke and has to live with an almost totally paralyzed body; only his left eye isn't paralyzed. Forty-three year old Elle magazine editor Jean-Dominique Bauby - Jean-Do to his friends - awakens not knowing where he is. He is in a Berck-sur-Mer hospital, where he has been for the past several weeks in a coma after suffering a massive stroke. Although his cognitive facilities are intact, he quickly learns that he has what is called locked-in syndrome which has resulted in him being almost completely paralyzed, including not being able to speak. One of his few functioning muscles is his left eye. His physical situation and hospitalization uncomfortably bring together the many people in his life, including: Cline Desmoulins, his ex-lover and mother of his children; Ins, his current lover; and his aged father who he calls Papinou. Among his compassionate recuperative team are his physical therapist Marie, and his speech therapist Henriette. Henriette eventually teaches him to communicate using a system where he spells out words: she reads out the letters of the alphabet in descending order of their use in the French language, and he blinks his functioning left eye when she reaches the appropriate letter. Although frustrating at start, he learns to communicate effectively but slowly using this method, so much so that with the help of Claude, a full time translator, he decides on the monumental and seemingly impossible task to keep to his pre-injury commitment of writing a book, changing its focus to life in his current state. Huggo The true story of 43-year-old magazine editor Jean-Dominique Beauby who after suffering a stroke is found to have locked-in syndrome, where he is paralyzed from the neck down. He can see and hear but cannot speak, communicating only by blinking his left eye for yes or no. Literally trapped inside his body, he faces a terrifying situation despite the support he has from an an expert medical team and his family. It's only when his speech therapist Henriette Roi devises a system for him to "speak" one letter at a time by blinking his eye does the world open up for him. The film is based an Bauby's book, which he dictated, one letter at a time. garykmcd The true story of Elle France editor Jean-Dominique Bauby, who, in 1995 at the age of 43, suffered a stroke that paralyzed his entire body, except his left eye. Using that eye to blink out his memoir, Bauby eloquently described the aspects of his interior world, from the psychological torment of being trapped inside his body to his imagined stories from lands he'd only visited in his mind. yusufpiskin Elle France editor Jean-Dominique Bauby, who, in 1995 at the age of 43, suffered a stroke that paralyzed his entire body, except his left eye. Using that eye to blink out his memoir, Bauby eloquently described the aspects of his interior world, from the psychological torment of being trapped inside his body to his imagined stories from lands he'd only visited in his mind. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On December 8, 1995, Jean-Dominique Bauby - age 43 and editor-in-chief of the world-famous fashion magazine Elle - was living the "good life" to the extreme when he became the victim of a devastating cerebrovascular accident that left him in a state of total paralysis, incapable of any verbal communication, in what is known in the medical community as "locked-in syndrome." His mental faculties totally intact as he lay motionless in his bed at the Marine Hospital of Berck-sur-Mer in northern France, Bauby learned to communicate with the outside world using his left eyelid, the only part of his body over which he still had any control. During the next 14 months, using a communication code developed by his therapist and his publisher's assistant, who transcribed this code, Bauby was able to compose, letter by letter, a lyrical and heartbreaking memoir of his life struggle. Bauby died in 1997, two days after its publication. As the film opens, Bauby, known as Jean-Do to his intimates, comes out of a three-week deep coma, unaware of what happened to him, what is going on around him, and where he is. What we see is not a person lying in a hospital bed, but a blurred image with some silhouettes moving in and out of it. "What's going on?" we ask, and so does Jean-Dominique, in a voice-over ( Mathieu Amalric ). The image soon becomes clearer, and we understand we are looking subjectively, from Jean-Do's point of view, at a hospital room.. Soon, the face of a man who identifies himself as Dr. Mercier ( Jean-Philippe coffey ) appears in our field of view, asking questions. Jean-Do answers, but his answers are not understood by the doctor, as Jean-Do cannot speak: we are only hearing his internal voice. Suspense is built as the patient's face is progressively revealed. We first get a glimpse of Jean-Do's face reflecting in a mirror as he is being wheeled in the great hall of the hospital. His reaction to his reflection is, "God, who's that? I look like I came out of a vat of formaldehyde." Indeed, it takes about 30 minutes into the film before we get to clearly see Bauby's distorted, frozen face. Hospital assistants introduce themselves to Jean-Do, assuring him of their total dedication to his medical care and well-being, including his speech therapist, Henriette ( Marie-Jose Croze ), who will teach him the communication code, his physiotherapist, Marie Lopez ( Olatz Lpez Garmendia ), and Dr. Lepage ( Patrick Chesnais ), a neurosurgeon who will supervise Jean-Do's care. Besides the hospital's therapist team, there is also Cline ( Emmanuelle Seigner ), his estranged partner and the mother of his three children. The therapy which permits a way to communicate consists of the alphabet, arranged in the order in which letters would be most often used (ESARINTULOMDPCFBVHGJQZYXKW); she begins reciting this alphabet, and he blinks when she says the needed letter. Once a word is begun, the therapist can often guess the word after a few letters, saving time and effort. The therapy starts on a rather disappointing note, when a desperate Jean-Do dismisses Henriette. "It won't work. Leave me alone." He changes his mind following the visit of an old friend, Roussin ( Niels Arestrup ), who had been a hostage for four years in Beirut. Relating his own experience, he tells Bauby, "Hang on to the human who is inside you," to which Bauby answers, "Easy said." However, on his second encounter with his speech therapist, to Henriette's great distress Jean-Do spells out, "I want to die." Jean-Do's remarkable strength of character eventually leads him to acknowledge his desperate situation, but also to realize that he still has his imagination and his memories. In a beautiful metaphor, we see a diving bell which physically imprisons the patient, and the freeing of his imagination in the form of a butterfly emerging from its chrysalis and fluttering among fields of flowers. Bauby had a book contract with a publisher, Betty ( Anne Alvaro ), to write the feminine version of The Count of Monte Cristo. Betty is incredulous when, aware of her client's present condition, she receives a phone call from Henriette, informing her that Jean-Do is willing and able to fulfill the terms of his contract. Bauby, in order to survive his ordeal without losing his mind, had decided to write a memoir, if only to prove to his ex-colleagues that he is not a "vegetable." ("What kind? "he asks, "a carrot? a leek?") Still somewhat skeptical, Betty sends an assistant, Claude ( Anne Consigny ), to take Jean-Do's dictation. Soon the dictation starts. It's a slow, tedious process, where Jean-Do wakes at 5 a.m., and until 8 a.m., composes and memorizes parts of the text beforehand to be later "dictated" to Claude. The progress is painstaking: only one to one-and-a-half pages of text per day. Jean-Do develops a very close relationship with Claude, to the point that she seems to fall in love with him. In what follows, we see episodes of Jean-Do's fantasies, a mixture of memories and dreams, some poignant and some comical or sexy, with some fantastic mise-en-scnes. For example, elusive appearances by characters such as Vaslav Nijinsky ( Nicolas Le Riche ) or Empress Eugenie ( Emma de Caunes ); symbolic scenes like Bauby in his wheelchair on an isolated pontoon in the beach at Berk; glaciers crumbling into the sea; a wild dinner at famed Paris' Le Duc seafood restaurant, with a beautiful woman. There is a marvelously touching recollection of Jean-Do joking and teasing his 92-year-old father, Papinou ( Max von Sydow ), while shaving him. Cline comes to see him often at the hospital and help out as much as she can, organizing a picnic on the beach with the whole family on Father's Day, or reading to Jean-Do the voluminous mail that he receives daily. The ending of this film consists of a dream sequence showing the opening scene of Truffaut's Les quatre cents coups (1959) , but this time the film is in color, as Jean-Do is driving through Paris in his new car. He is happily going to see his children at his estranged wife's country house. He takes his son, Theophile ( Tho Sampaio ) for a ride and suffers a stroke. 