nm0011834:

 Shock 'Em Dead (1991)Summaries Martin is a total loser who makes a deal with the devil to become the greatest rock star in the world. Martin is a total loser, who nobody cares for. When he fails to get a position as guitar player in Lindsay's band and loses his job on the way, he makes a deal with a Voodoo priestess. She promises him the fulfillment of all his dreams if he swears obedience to her. He becomes a rock star and has many women - but to stay alive, he has to kill other people. Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Carnosaur 2 (1995)Summaries A team of scientists go to a nuclear mining facility to investigate a possible meltdown and instead find a large amount of cloned dinosaurs. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Talisman (1998)Summaries As the millenium draws near, an evil being awakens. Fused to an ancient Talisman for centuries -- Theriel, the Black Angel is summoned from his resting place to usher in the end of the world. The ghastly messenger must claim seven human sacrifices to complete the ritual and open the gates of Hell. A teenage boy and girl have been chosen to assist the angel in its deadly mission, yet they alone are the world's only hope for salvation. (from the tape cover" It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Client (19951996)Summaries This series was based on the book by John Grisham about Reggie Love, a lawyer, who just started her practice and is also a recovering alcoholic which was made into a movie starring Susan Sarandon. Now Jobeth Williams is playing the part of Reggie. Her adversary in the movie, Roy Foltrig is also there. Only their relationship is not as adversarial as it was in the movie. Reggie occasionally calls on Roy for help, and at other times drives him crazy with high standards of ethics. Also Reggie is trying to convince her ex-husband to allow her access to her children. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 