nm0009806:

 Strange Days (1995)541) A former cop turned street-hustler accidentally uncovers a conspiracy in Los Angeles in 1999. In 1999, Los Angeles is racial war zone with the army and LSPD and SWAT officers fighting Afro-American people. The former cop Lenny Nero is a dealer of illegal recording in CDs that gives the memories and sensations of the recorder to the user. He buys the recordings from the supplier Tick; he misses his former mistress Faith, who was a hooker and now is a singer; his best friend is the private eye Max Peltier and the limousine driver Lornette 'Mace' Mason, who has unrequited love for him. Two days before the turn of the century, the black rapper Jeriko One is murdered. The hooker Iris seeks Lenny out but there is an incident and they do not talk to each other. However she drops a recording into Lenny's car while he unsuccessfully tries to meet Faith at a night-club. However her boyfriend Philo Gant does not let them talk. When Lenny learns that Iris was sadistically raped and killed, he gets involved in a sick scheme and discovers dirty hidden secrets. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Set in the year 1999 during the last days of the old millennium, the movie tells the story of Lenny Nero, an ex-cop who now deals with data-discs containing recorded memories and emotions. One day he receives a disc which contains the memories of a murderer killing a prostitute. Lenny investigates and is pulled deeper and deeper in a whirl of blackmail, murder and rape. Will he survive and solve the case? Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de> Lenny Nero deals in dreams. Formerly an LAPD vice cop, he now deals in illegal 'squid' recordings - recordings made directly from the cerebral cortex of the participant, which allow the viewer to feel and experience everything the participant experiences as if they were there. One of life's perpetual losers, he ekes out a lonely, miserable existence at the end of the millennium, still pathetically yearning for his beautiful ex-girlfriend Faith, a beautiful singer, and is dependent on his friend Macey, who both loves him unquestioningly and despairs for him completely, in equal measure. But Lenny's life is about to be shattered; when he is anonymously sent the recording of the brutal rape and murder of a prostitute he is acquainted with, he and Macey soon find themselves reluctantly embroiled in a dark web of murder, blackmail and intrigue amid the civil unrest surrounding the suspicious death of an influential, politically active rap singer. Lenny and Macey are soon running from Faith's brutal manager, Philo Gant, and a pair of menacing police officers, as they try to uncover the connection between the two and stay alive long enough to see in the millennium. Scott Nisbet Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Los Angeles, December 30th, 1999. The story opens with a man saying "Ok, hit me...". There's a burst of TV static and the scene shifts immediately to a group of three men riding in a car. They are handing out pistols to each other and covering their faces with nylon stockings. The man in the back seat pulls a stocking over his head and it covers his point-of-view: we realize we are witnessing the event as it happens to him, through his perspective. The car stops at a convenience store and the men rush in, quickly pacifying customers and the Asian owners of the store. They empty the cash register and force one of the owners to empty the safe. The hostages are eventually herded into a food locker and are shut inside. As the robbers try to leave through the front entrance of the store, they run straight into several policemen. One of the men decides to take his chances and rushes the cops. The two remaining robbers are chased back through the store and out a back door which leads to a staircase. They climb the stairs rapidly with the cops in fast pursuit behind them. They reach the roof where a helicopter shines a light on them. One of the robbers jumps across to another roof and lands safely. The man whose perspective we have been watching is unable to make the jump and ends up hanging on the edge while his buddy frantically tries to pull him up. The cops arrive and fire a few shots and the robber loses his grip on the ledge and plummets to the ground. A burst of static is seen and we see blackness. At that moment, Lenny Nero, who has been watching a recording of the robbery, yells and pulls a strange, spider-like device off his head. He tells his technician, Tick, that he hates the kind of "playback" where someone dies. Tick still expects full payment for the clip Lenny watched, saying he had to recover his equipment, a small recording box and the "tape", a small compact disc, from the morgue. Lenny agrees to pay Tick the full amount and asks Tick what other recordings he has to sell. Lenny himself deals in a virtual reality-type of recording where people record their personal experiences that can be played back by anyone Lenny sells them to. The slang for the experience is called "jacking in". Lenny's argument for selling the recordings is that they allow anyone to experience life events without having to actually participate, especially in illegal activity or extra-marital affairs or pornography. The technology used to create the recordings was developed by law enforcement for evidence gathering and is illegal to buy or sell in the civilian sector. Lenny meets with a potential client and nearly has him convinced to buy his product when he's accosted by a cop who turns out to be his friend Max. The client is scared off and Max treats Lenny to a drink. Lenny, it turns out, is a former cop who was drummed out of the LAPD by his former supervisor, Commissioner Strickland. At an LA subway stop, a frightened woman is being chased by two LAPD officers. She barely manages to board the subway car and one of the officers, Steckler, grabs her hair through the closing doors. The woman's hair is a wig, which comes off her head. Steckler shoots uselessly at the car. His partner, Engleman, picks up the wig and shows it to Steckler. Hidden inside is a strange-looking circuited skullcap, a SQUID (Superconductive QUantum Interference Device), which records the wearer's thoughts. The cops are clearly upset that the woman got away. While Lenny & Max enjoy their drinks, an announcement is made on the news that a famous hip-hop musician, Jeriko One, has been found murdered. Jeriko had drawn much criticism from city leaders and the LAPD for openly criticizing them in his lyrics and public speaking events. His agent, a man named Philo Gant, gives a brief commentary, saying that Jeriko was a voice for the oppressed. Iris, the woman chased by the two cops, shows up near the bar and drops a playback disc with a note attached into Lenny's car. Even more frightened and nervous than she already is, she finds Lenny in the bar and tells him she's in trouble and that Lenny's former lover, Faith, is also in trouble too. Lenny follows Iris outside but, because Iris is terrified, can't get any useful information from her. A cop car rolls by and scares her off. Moments later, Lenny's car is towed. Lenny calls a friend, Mace, who comes by with her limousine and picks Lenny up. Mace also has to pick up a rich client, Mr. Fumitsu. While they ride together, Lenny tries to schmooze Fumitsu & the two discuss the latest technology associated with jacking-in. Their conversation angers Mace, who stops the car and drags Lenny out, telling him she doesn't like him dealing in her car, that Lenny's always broke and he's becoming strung-out on his own product. Mace's reprimand is mostly ignored by Lenny but she seems to get through to him. She takes him and Fumitsu to an exclusive club owned by Faith's boyfriend, Philo, where Faith is singing. Lenny first meets with another contact, Tex, who gives him a disc left with him for Lenny. Lenny watches Faith perform and then confronts her when she sits with Philo. Faith refuses to take Lenny seriously and Philo has him ejected from the club by his goons. Lenny is picked up by Mace again and watches the disc Tex gave him. In the playback, a man breaks into a hotel room through the balcony door and pulls a ski mask over his face. He looks directly at the hotel's menu ledger showing that the hotel is the Sunset Regent. He stalks through the room until he finds a woman, Iris, who tries to run out the door but is tazered and dragged into the bathroom. She's handcuffed to the towel rack and her attacker puts a playback SQUID on her head, connecting it to his own unit, forcing her to experience his own feelings. The attacker then chokes Iris with a towel while simultaneously raping her. Iris dies and the rapist turns off the feed. Lenny panics and tells Mace to take him to the Sunset Regent immediately. When they arrive, Iris is being taken out on a stretcher. Lenny takes the recording to Tick's place. Tick tries to identify the equipment in the recording but can't tell if it's his. He also says that the rapist is colorblind and has an unusual brainwave pattern, indicating psychosis. Tick becomes very frightened, thinking he could be implicated. He also recalls that Iris was looking for Lenny. Mace surmises that Iris left something in Lenny's car. Mace takes Lenny to the impound lot and they break in and find Lenny's car. Lenny finds the disc and note that Iris left. As they leave, Steckler & Engleman appear and demand the disc at gunpoint. Lenny gives them a disc and is nearly shot when the impound lot's Rottweiler (whom Mace had pacified with mace) jumps on Steckler. Lenny and Mace escape to her limo and take off, with the cops right behind. Mace is forced to stop at a dock. Steckler pours gasoline on the car and sets it on fire. Mace drives it into the harbor, extinguishing the flames. She pulls out the back seat and she and Lenny escape through the trunk. When they reach the surface, the cops have left. Mace scolds Lenny for giving up the disc, but Lenny tells her he merely gave them a sex recording of himself and Faith and shows Mace the real disc. Lenny goes home and falls asleep on his couch. In the morning, he finds a new disc. When he watches it, he sees his own apartment and the colorblind vision of Iris' killer as he picks the front door lock and enters. The rapist finds Lenny on the couch and holds a box-cutter to his throat. Lenny immediately gets his pistol and stalks to his kitchen where he finds Mace. He goes to Tick's place to see if Tick can identify the man in the clip, but he finds Tick catatonic. From Tick's perspective, we only see bursts of static and color and a faint image of Lenny trying to talk to him. Lenny says Tick had been forced to wear a SQUID with the signal boosted to a dangerous level, causing severe brain damage in his frontal lobe. Technically, Tick hasn't been murdered but will never recover. Mace takes Lenny to her brother's house where a New Year's Eve party is being held. He watches the disc Iris left behind and then tells Mace she needs to watch it too, despite her hatred for the medium. In the recording, which is from Iris' point-of-view, Iris is riding in a jeep with Jeriko One. With the two of them are a couple of friends. They are pulled over by the police, who reveal themselves to be Steckler and Engleman. They are ordered out of the Jeep and Jeriko is forced to his knees with his hands behind his head. Steckler berates Jeriko for his politically-charged music, which blatantly criticizes the LAPD. Jeriko provokes Steckler who opens fire and kills Jeriko & his & Iris' friends. Iris runs and makes it across some nearby railroad tracks just as a train goes by, temporarily cutting off Steckler and Engleman's pursuit. The tape fades out (and the story picks up with Iris' escape from the cops in the subway station the day before). Mace is clearly upset at the incident and decides to help Lenny get the clip to the authorities. Lenny and Mace go to the largest Millennium New Year's Eve party in the city, one that they know both Philo and Faith will attend, along with Max and Commissioner Strickland. Mace dresses in an elegant gown and secures a pistol to her upper thigh. Lenny goes off to find Faith in Philo's room in the hotel and Mace tries to find Commissioner Strickland and give him the clip of Jeriko's murder. Strickland threatens to have Mace arrested for carrying illegal material but she convinces him to watch the clip. Philo's security guards catch up with her and begin to follow Mace through the throng of party guests, however she drives them off. Lenny takes the elevator to Philo's rented suite. He finds signs of a struggle and a body covered by a sheet. On a table is a disc player and a note for him. He watches the clip inside and sees another stalking by the same colorblind man who killed Iris. This time, the victim is Faith. Lenny watches helplessly as Faith is seemingly strangled and raped by the attacker, but she isn't killed and she even says she enjoyed the near-death experience. Her attacker turns out to be Max, who has been carrying on a secret affair with Faith. As they finish having sex, Philo appears. Max immediately beats Philo, telling Faith that Philo hired him (Max) to kill her and forces him to watch the clip of Faith being "attacked", forcing the muzzle of his pistol into Philo's mouth. Max then turns up the signal on the player, causing Philo the same permanent brain damage that Tick suffered. Under the sheet in the room, Lenny finds Philo, who is completely helpless. Up in the hotel room, Max talks to Lenny about how he'd been hired by Philo to follow Faith and how he and Faith had fallen in love. After killing Iris, Max and Faith plotted against both Philo and Lenny. Max also shoots Philo, killing him, intending to pin the murder on Lenny. Max aims his pistol at Lenny, but Faith, not wanting to see Lenny be killed, stops him. Max and Lenny fight each other until Max breaks through one of the suite's windows and hangs high above the street by Lenny's tie. Lenny seizes a knife Max had stabbed him in the back with and cuts his tie and Max plunges to the street. Faith is arrested as an accomplice to Philo's assault by Max. On the street, Mace has been discovered by both Steckler and Engleman. They follow her through the streets. When they catch up to her, Mace engages them both and handcuffs them to each other. Strickland shows up with a small police unit and Steckler claims that Mace has assaulted them both. Strickland shows them the incriminating clip and says that they're both under arrest for murder. Engleman shoots himself in the mouth with his own pistol and Steckler, still cuffed to his partner, drags the body after Mace. When he points his pistol at Mace, the police open fire, killing Steckler. People celebrate and couples kiss as 1999 counts down to 2000. On the street, Lenny finds Mace. The two embrace and allow themselves to ride in separate ambulances. Lenny leaves his and finds Mace again and they embrace and kiss as the Millennium party goes on around them. 
 Assassination (1987)321) A presidential bodyguard is assigned to protect an objecting first lady, as repeated attempts are made on her life. Jay Killian (Charles Bronson) had been a Secret Service agent guarding the President, but for the inauguration of the recently elected president, he is assigned to the first lady, Lara Royce (Jill Ireland). Lara, a perpetually indignant, arrogantly feministic lady, initially hates the methodical and rules-following Killian, and so she does all she can to avoid him and disregard his safety procedures. The story complicates when repeated attempts are made on Lara's life. Eventually, the shaken Lara decides to trust Killian's instincts and precautionary methods, and the pair embark on a difficult and often perilous cross-country journey, with the assassins close on their heels. Michel Rudoy <mdrc@hp9000a1.uam.mx> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Washington, D.C., after a six-week leave of absence, Secret Service agent Jay Killian (Charles Bronson) returns to work on the day of President Calvin Craig's (Charles Howerton) inauguration. Killian is assigned to protect First Lady Laramie "Lara" Royce Craig (Jill Ireland), whom the Secret Service has given the code name "One Momma." A brash and smart-mouthed feminist who intends to push her husband to support the Equal Rights Amendment, Lara is dismissive of Secret Service rules, saying that no one has ever tried to kill a president's wife. She takes an immediate dislike to Killian, who is offended that he was not assigned to protect the president. While Lara rides in the inaugural motorcade in a convertible, a police motorcycle riding alongside her explodes. Killian pulls Lara down to protect her, but she insists she is all right. Killian does not think the explosion was an accident and he reports that the cop on the motorcycle looked like terrorist Eddie "Reno" Bracken (Erik Stern). Secret Service agent Charlotte "Charlie" Chang (Jan Gan Boyd) comes to the rundown Hotel Farragut where Killian has been living since his divorce was finalized ten days ago. He tells Charlie that his ex-wife, Imogene, was sleeping with many senators and looted their joint bank account. Although Killian and Charlie have been having an affair, he initially resists her attempts at seduction. However, later, they make love at Charlie's apartment in the Watergate complex. The first lady requests Killian be replaced, but when she leaves the White House without prior clearance, Killian is the only one available to go after her. She boards a private plane at Andrews Air Force Base, heading to her father's estate in Newport Beach, California, where she intends to take his yacht to Catalina Island. The yacht is being scrubbed for barnacles and repainted, but one of the workers plants a plastic explosive on the bottom of the boat. The yacht explodes in Newport Beach Harbor, but Lara insists it was not an assassination attempt. Killian gets Lara back to Washington, D. C., where an investigation shows that one of the men who painted the yacht was Pritchard Young, a terrorist connected to Reno Bracken. The White House Chief of Staff, Senator Hector Bunsen (Michael Ansara), orders Killian to take a week off at the first lady's request, but Killian's boss, Fitzroy (Stephen Elliott), orders him back to work. Lara takes a helicopter to give a speech at Washington and Lee University in Lexington, Virginia, but Killian forces the aircraft to land in a field. He transfers the first lady to a motorcade, where he believes she will be safer. As the helicopter takes off from the field, someone launches a bazooka at it and shoots it down, killing the pilot. Killian chases after the shooter, who runs into a barn. Killian fires a bazooka at the barn, causing it to erupt into flames, but the shooter escapes on a motorcycle. Killian believes the shooter was Reno Bracken. Lara concedes that someone is attempting to assassinate her and thanks Killian. Later, Killian follows her to a museum to which she is donating her inaugural gown, but she changes clothes, puts on a wig, and leaves the museum unrecognized. Killian chases after her and catches up to her at a gas station. Lara asks him to help her find out who is behind the assassination attempts on her life and takes him to hide out at a local motel, explaining that she is trying to disappear until they can find whoever is trying to kill her. However, Pritchard Young (William Hayes) has been following them and fires a machine gun at her motel room. Killian gets Lara to safety, then they take a bus to Kokomo, Indiana, where they buy two used motorcycles. While riding across the country, Lara confesses to Killian that she and the president, Calvin Craig, have an "arrangement." They met in college in Berkeley, California, but he was injured while serving in the Air Force and is impotent. Lara believed in him, but knew a bachelor would not get far in politics. Thus, they put on a show of a great romance and eventually married. They agreed that once Craig was elected president, Lara could do as she pleased and discreetly divorce him. Killian points out that a divorcee would never stand a chance of being re-elected, but a widower would. He wonders if the president is behind the assassination attempts. On back roads, a pick-up truck follows them and opens fire. Killian and Lara escape from the truck and board a train. However, as the train lunges forward, Lara falls into Killian's lap. Although both are aroused, they argue. When they notice a helicopter following the train, they get off and hitchhike into a small town where they buy a used dune buggy. Lara confesses that she told her husband where they are, which convinces Killian that he is behind the assassination attempts. Meanwhile, in Washington D.C., Chief of Staff Hector Bunsen secretly meets with Reno Bracken, whom he paid $1 million to kill the first lady. Bunsen reprimands Bracken for not finishing the job. Killian and Lara arrive in Lake Tahoe, Nevada, at the lakefront estate of her father, movie director H. H. "Harry" Royce. A man riding a jet ski pulls a boat loaded with explosives toward the lake house, but Killian spots him, and gives chase on a speedboat. The man ditches the jet ski and runs through the woods. When Killian fires at him, the would-be assassin fires back and Killian pretends he is shot. As the man approaches, Killian shoots him in the face, and recognizes him as Bracken. Killian and the first lady return to Washington, where they have Hector Bunsen arrested. It is revealed that Bunsen acted to preserve his job security, knowing a widowed president stood a better chance of being reelected. Lara is upset when Killian announces he is retiring from the Secret Service and going to work for her father, Harry Royce, as a personal bodyguard. After he says goodbye to Lara, Killian leaves the White House where he runs into Charlie Chang outside. Charlie tells Killian that she is also retiring and plans to join Killian. Charlie suggests they get married, but Killian wants to take their relationship slowly. 
 Mad Money (2008)431) Three female employees of the Federal Reserve plot to steal money that is about to be destroyed. Don and Bridget Cardigan's upper middle class lifestyle is threatened since Don, who has been out of work for a year, seems to have given up looking for a job, and housewife Bridget has been out of the workforce for most of her life. They are close to $300,000 in debt. Finding out this information, Bridget comes to the conclusion that she needs to get a job - any job - that at least provides them with some benefits. She reluctantly takes a job as a janitor at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. Almost immediately, Bridget is enthralled with all the old worn out money that is being shredded. She comes up with a plan to get her old lifestyle back by stealing much of that money, which she believes is an easy job since the locks used on the money carts are standard equipment and as she notices that no one ever checks the garbage as she goes about her work. Her plan needs the cooperation of one person who works the shredder and one person who pushes the carts of money. The two people she co-opts are single mom Nina Brewster and diabetic, trailer living and constant music listening Jackie Truman. Jackie is easy to convince, but Nina is only convinced when Bridget brings it to her attention that the money would allow her to provide a better education to her two bright sons. Nina vows to kill Bridget if she ever loses her children because of this scheme. As the three woman progress with the plan, it is threatened by: the bank's head of security, a man named Glover, who believes it is impossible to steal money from the reserve; another security guard at the reserve named Barry who seems to be attracted to Nina; Jackie's working class husband Bob who is not used to having money; Don, a conservative man who can't understand being on the wrong side of the law; and Bridget herself who seems to be increasingly focused on getting more and more money with no end in sight, which seems to be diverging from the priorities of her two accomplices. Huggo With their house repossessed, her husband recently downsized and the debts in bank rapidly piling up, Bridget Cardigan, a rich housewife, after nearly thirty years of high-class living, needs to start from scratch and look for a job. As a result, Bridget, having no other choice, she will accept a job as a cleaner at the Kansas City Federal Reserve where, much to her surprise, an unsuspected, yet serious flaw in the security system exists. Suddenly, Bridget is tempted to return to her good old life, and without delay, she hatches a daring plan to get her hands on the mounts of worn-out cash with the help of two eager co-workers, Nina and Jackie. However, there is no such thing as a fail-proof scheme. Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins close to the end of the story, when the suspects get caught and are interrogated. Then it flashes back to three years earlier and proceeds forward from there, interspersed with occasional bits from the interrogation. Three years before getting caught, Bridget (Diane Keaton) lived a comfortable life until her husband Don (Ted Danson) was fired from his position and sunk into debt. The paycheck for Selina, the cleaning lady, bounces again. Selina confronts Bridget and suggests she take a job as a janitor at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. On her first day on the job, Bridget hatches a scheme to steal damaged dollar bills slated for destruction. For her team she chooses Nina (Queen Latifah), who works the dollar bill shredder, and Jackie (Katie Holmes), who takes bill carts from the Secret Service room to the shredding room. It takes some work to convince Nina to join, but Jackie joins them quickly. The plan is that in the Secret Service room, Bridget will switch a cart's official Master-brand lock with a near-identical lock she purchased at Home Depot. Bridget will tell Jackie the cart number and give Nina the official lock. When Jackie gets the chosen cart, she dumps some bills from it into a trash can before taking it to Nina, who then uses Bridget's key to open it, replaces the official lock, and proceeds to shred the remaining bills. Meanwhile, Bridget, in the course of her janitorial duties, retrieves the dumped bills from the trash and splits them among Nina and Jackie in the restroom. While a success, the take from their first robbery is not as big as they had hoped. However, they're emboldened to do it again and again. Once Don and Bridget pay off their debt, Don suggests they stop before they get caught. Bridget rejects this idea and convinces Nina and Jackie to keep going. They almost get caught, but they fold in one of the cops. A Federal Bank Examiner shows up at a party at Bridget's house, and the next day Bridget sees him at work. The Examiner confronts Glover (Stephen Root), who is unwilling to admit anyone has stolen a single bill out of his bank as a matter of professional pride. Tipped off, that night Bridget and her accomplices begin trying to get rid of all the loot stashed in their houses, but the cops move in before all the evidence is destroyed. Bridget escapes but the others get caught. Bridget hires a tax attorney to defend them, and he gets Bridget and all her accomplices off the hook for their crimes. However, the IRS demands they pay their taxes, which turn out to be equal to the money that remains. They walk away free yet penniless. Eight months later, Bridget reveals to Nina and Jackie that she stashed away a lot of the stolen money in the basement of a friend's bar. 
 Godfather of Harlem (2019 )Summaries A gangster named Bumpy Johnson makes his way in Harlem during the 1960s. A TV prequel to the 2007 film, 'American Gangster', which centered on the criminal enterprise of Frank Lucas. The "true story" of infamous crime boss Bumpy Johnson, who in the early 1960s returned from ten years in prison to find the neighborhood he once ruled in shambles. With the streets controlled by the Italian mob, Bumpy must take on the Genovese crime family to regain control. AnonymusB It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 