nm0001668:

 Assault on Precinct 13 (1976)541) An unlikely partnership between a Highway Patrol Officer, two criminals and a station secretary is formed to defend a defunct Los Angeles precinct office against a siege by a bloodthirsty street gang. Police ambush and kill several gang members in Los Angeles. Gang members make a pact of blood to strike back at police, and conduct a siege on the police station which is almost abandoned and due to be closed. Staff of the closing precinct and the criminals being held there while in transit must work together to fight off the attacking gang members. Scott McKenna <smckenna@lcb.state.nv.us> In Los Angeles, the street gangs unite and declare war to the police. Meanwhile, a father stops his car in a suburb and his daughter goes to an ice-cream truck to buy a vanilla ice-cream. She is murdered in cold blood by a member of one gang. The father follows the guy, kills him with many shots and runs to the Precinct 13. The policeman Bishop has just assumed the police station, which is not in operation but waiting to be closed on the next morning. With him, there are two women: the telephone operator and Leigh. A few moments before the arrival of the shocked father, a bus transporting three prisoners had stopped there and the escort policemen requested cells to lock the prisoners while waiting for a doctor for one of them that is ill. Suddenly the precinct is under siege and violent attack of street gangs. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil An L.A. street gang declares war on a police station about to be shut down that has given refuge to a man who has witnessed a gang slaying. Because of the shutdown, the phones and electricity have been turned off, and gang members await outside with knives and guns where the precinct has been totally shut off from the outside world. Humberto Amador Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story takes place on a Saturday day and night in Anderson, a crime-infested ghetto in South Central Los Angeles. Members of a local gang, called 'Street Thunder', have recently stolen a large number of automatic rifles and pistols. At 3:10 am, a team of heavily armed LAPD officers ambush and kill six members of the gang. In the morning, the gang's four warlords swear a blood oath of revenge, known as a "Cholo", against the police and the citizens of Los Angeles. Each man cuts his arm and bleeds in a glass bowl. That afternoon, CHIP Officer Ethan Bishop (Austin Stoker) goes out for a drive. Over his CB radio, he is disappointed to learn that his first night as a CHP police lieutenant will be spent supervising the decommissioning of the Anderson precinct, aka Precinct 13. At 5:11 p.m., special agent Starker (Charles Cyphers) arrives at the Los Cruces prison to transport three prisoners to the state prison in Sonora, California. The warden (John J. Fox) introduces him to the convicts: Wells (Tony Burton), a muscular African-American man; Cornell (Peter Frankland), an ill and skinny white man; and Napoleon Wilson (Darwin Joston), a violent, psychotic death row inmate, shackled to a chair in his jail cell. The warden knocks Wilson off the chair without provocation, then leads him outside where Wilson wraps his chains around the Warden's legs and pulls him off his feet, forcing the Starker and the guards to restrain Wilson in gunpoint. Meanwhile, Lawson (Martin West) and his young daughter, Kathy (Kim Richards), drive by the Anderson precinct looking for Kathy's nanny's house. They pass the gang four leaders, who screw silencers onto their automatic weapons and go out looking for people to kill. Later, Bishop arrives at Anderson and meets his skeleton crew: Julie (Nancy Loomis), a switchboard operator; Leigh (Laurie Zimmer), a secretary; and Chaney (Henry Brandon), an elderly police sergeant. Bishop is briefed by the departing police captain that only two shotguns are left in the precinct and he will be relieved at 4 a.m.; the precinct will close at 10 a.m. Meanwhile, on the prison bus, Cornell has a coughing fit so bad that Starker orders the driver to go to the nearest police precinct. At 6:18 p.m., Lawson stops at a phone booth to phone for directions, while Kathy runs over to an ice cream truck. The ice cream driver (Peter Bruni) is distracted by a black car that keeps circling the block. After Kathy skips away with her ice cream, the driver is pulled out of the truck by the white gang leader (Frank Doubleday). Realizing she got the wrong flavor, Kathy comes back to the truck and is shot by the gang leader, who then fatally shoots the driver. Lawson finishes his call and sees Kathy lying by the truck. Cradling Kathy's body, Lawson sees the black car drive away and the driver lives long enough to tell him that the gun is in a holder next to the steering wheel. Lawson grabs it, gets into his car and chases after the gang. Meanwhile, the police bus arrives at Anderson, and a reluctant Bishop allows Starker to use the holding cells, while he calls a doctor. At 7:00 p.m., Lawson chases Kathy's killers into a field until they jump out of their car and run. Lawson kills the white gang leader, then realizes he is out of bullets, and runs to Anderson precinct. Collapsing at the front desk, Lawson is so traumatized that he can only say he is being followed. Ethan Bishop puts Lawson into the Captain's office and tries to call a doctor, but the phones and the lights suddenly go dead. Bishop at first believes it is an outside power failure, but the streetlights remain on. Starker decides to leave; however, when Chaney and Bishop step outside, Chaney is shot dead. Bishop runs back inside, and rushes to the holding cells, but is too late to prevent Starker, the two prison guards and Cornell from being gunned down as they step outside. Napoleon Wilson steals Starker's keys, but Bishop makes Starker give them to him after he gets Wilson and Wells back inside and into the holding cells. Salvos of bullets greet Bishop as he returns to the lobby. When the firing stops, he looks outside and sees everyone is gone. Leigh explains there is no rear exit to the building, and all the surrounding buildings are abandoned. As Bishop gives her his revolver and orders her to watch the windows, the gang's three remaining leaders appear throw the glass bowl of blood at the door and then lay a white sheet with the Street Thunder emblem on the front in front of the building before walking away. Sobbing, Julie pleads with Bishop to give the gang Lawson, but he refuses. The shooting resumes, and Bishop hands Leigh the cell keys, ordering her to free the prisoners. As she opens the cells, a thug breaks down the outside door and shoots her in her right arm. She smashes the man in the face with the key ring and opens the cell. She releases Wells and Wilson. Now unchained, Wilson dispatches another gang member who tries to stab him, and helps Leigh fights her way back to the lobby and barricades the door. During the assault, gang members smash through the windows. Bishop dons a rifle while he tosses Wilson a pump-action shotgun while Wells retrieves a gun from a slain gang member. Together, Bishop, Wilson, Wells and Leigh kill or wound more then a dozen gang members attempting to force their way into the building through the windows until they withdraw. When the fighting is over, they discover Julie is dead. Bishop notices an acetylene tank and exclaims that they could have been blown to pieces. Looking outside, Bishop sees that all the corpses have been removed to make it seem like nothing has happened. When Wells informs them he is leaving, Bishop stands in his way and Wells pulls his gun. Leigh steps between them, telling Wells he will be gunned down if he goes outside, then notices Wells is out of bullets. A quick check shows they have only eight bullets left (three in Bishop's rifle, three in Wilson's shotgun and two in Leigh's pistol). At 8:18 pm, remembering that a tunnel runs from the basement to a manhole in the parking lot, Leigh explains someone could crawl out, and go for help. The two prisoners play a game to decide who goes out and Wells loses. He crawls out, hot-wires a car and drives off. When Wells stops at a phone booth, a gang member sits up in the back seat and shoots him in the head. Out of options, Wilson recommends they retreat to the basement as it is easier to defend when they see the gang members in the distance gathering for a final assault. As they descend the stairs, carrying the still-comatose Lawson with them, Leigh asks Wilson why he did not try to escape and Wilson replies that there are only two things a man never leaves behind, one is a helpless man, but he does not say what the second is. Bishop decides to make a final stand in the basement hallway; he wraps some flares around the acetylene tank, explaining that when the gang attacks, he will shoot the flares to detonate the tank. He and Wilson will use a huge metal sign to shield them from the blast. Meanwhile, two policemen patrolling the neighborhood call for backup when they find a dead telephone repairman hanging from a pole. Back at Precinct 13, the gang attacks by throwing Molotov cocktails through the windows and finally break into the building and eventually head down into the basement, but Wilson and Bishop use clubs to force them back. Leigh shoots a gang member coming in from the sewer entrance. When the hall is full, Bishop shoots the tank with his final bullet and it explodes. Outside the burning police station, when more police officers arrive and secure the station, the surviving gang members retreat. Venturing down into the basement, the police officers find dozens of dead and badly burned gang members strewn in the hallway, and the only survivors are Bishop, Leigh, Wilson, and the comatose Lawson. When a policeman tries to handcuff Wilson, Ethan Bishop pushes him away and says it will be a privilege if Wilson will walk out with him. The two leave the smoking basement. 
 Race to Witch Mountain (2009)431) A Las Vegas cabbie enlists the help of a UFO expert to protect two siblings with paranormal powers from the clutches of an organization that wants to use the kids for their nefarious plans. In Las Vegas, regenerated ex-con Jack Bruno works as a taxi driver. During a UFO Convention at Planet Hollywood, the skeptical Jack picks up Dr. Alex Friedman, who will present a scientific lecture at the event. Then he is pressed by two henchmen of his former boss, the criminal Wolff, who wants to talk to him, but Jack does not want to return to the crime life. Jack fights and gets rid of them; out of the blue, he finds two teenagers on the backseat of his cab. They say they are siblings, Sara and Seth, and they need to travel to a location outside Las Vegas in the middle of nowhere. Meanwhile, the government finds a spacecraft that crashed near Las Vegas and chases the two aliens; after the investigation of the men of Major Henry Burke, they discover that the two siblings are the aliens. Jack Bruno, Sara and Seth are chased by Henry Burke's team and by "Syphon", a killer from outer space sent to kill them by their planet's military that wants to invade Earth. Sara and Seth explain that they traveled to Earth to collect scientific data of an experiment and save Earth from invasion, but they need to return immediately to their planet. Jack teams up with Dr. Alex to retrieve their spacecraft in a secret base in Witch Mountain. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After crash-landing their fast spaceship on the Earth, somewhere in the hot deserts of Searchlight, Nevada, the teen, human-like extraterrestrial siblings, Sara and Seth, end up in the back seat of the former mob getaway driver and now a Las Vegas cabbie, Jack Bruno. Now, with their lives, and the fate of their world, lying in Jack's hands, the twins embark on a frenzied adventure in the wilderness, as the U.S. Homeland Security agents and an armed-to-the-teeth alien bounty hunter are hot on their trail. Now, the race is on, and the unlikely team's only chance to succeed in their dangerous mission lies deep in the heart of the mystical Witch Mountain. Can they make it in time? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During the opening credits, news of UFO sightings around the world appear. Jack Bruno (Dwayne Johnson) is a cab driver in Las Vegas, who is picking up and dropping off passengers to the UFO convention at the Planet Hollywood Casino and Hotel. One of his passengers is Dr. Alex Friedman (Carla Gugino), a failed scientist who is giving speeches about legitimate scientific theories of UFOs and outer space. The next day Bruno is approached by two large men telling him that Wolff would like to see him. After fighting them, Bruno drives off, later noticing two children, Sara (AnnaSophia Robb) and Seth (Alexander Ludwig) sitting in the back seat of the cab. They tell him they need to go to a certain destination and are willing to pay all they have ($15,000) to get there. Along the way, there are chased & vehicularly assaulted by guys in big black SUV's, whom Jack assumes are Wolff's men...not so, grasshopper. With a combination of Jack's driving & (mostly) the kids' powers, they evade their pursuers, who intend to find out who & what Jack is. They lead him to a run down house in the middle of nowhere. Meanwhile, Major Henry Burke (Ciaran Hinds) is searching for information on the two aliens that landed some days earlier. When they arrive at the house, the children tell Bruno that they will be re-united with their relatives soon. Before leaving Bruno hears a crash coming from the house. He is startled to find them hiding behind a couch. Though grateful for his concern, the children tell him they must continue their journey without him, as they can trust no one. Nevertheless, Bruno decides to follow them, which leads him to the basement of the house. There the kids are pursued and attacked by a strange creature as they retrieve an object in a plant. They manage to escape from this creature. When leaving they are attacked by a "Siphon", a creature built to destroy a certain target, in this case the children. The Siphon pursues them until it causes a crash of his spaceship into a train, the creature survives, though wounded. The trio eventually find themselves in a small town, hiding. They explain to Bruno that they are aliens from an distant planet, who are sent to Earth by their parents because the government of their dying planet intends to attack and invade Earth so that their kind may live on there. They also explain that the object they obtained at the house contains the results of an experiment which their parents set up. The research from this experiment will save their planet without having to attack and invade Earth. However their planet's military prefer the idea of invading Earth and sent the Siphon assassin to stop them. They are next pursued by government agencies trying to retrieve the children for experiments. When Sara asks who Dr. Friedman is (did i mention the kids' mind-reading capabilities?), Jack remembers she is a scientist speaking at the UFO convention. They find her, tell her the whole story & convince her to help them. She does this by enlisting the aid of Dr. Harlan (Garry Marshall), a pseudo-scientist/conspiracy nut. All proceed to the UFO convention. When the Siphon arrives, it prepares to attack but Sara uses her powers to knock him through a wall. Chases ensue, & eventually the team of 4 are captured by Maj. Burke. Burke wants to terminate Sara & Seth, but one of his underlings objects, tho not strenuously enough to disobey orders. The two humans escape and come to rescue the kids. The Siphon causes a distraction by attacking the base. They manage to free the children and reach their ship. By running the Siphon over they can escape but the Siphon hangs on and gets on board. Bruno and Seth battle the Siphon in the lower sections of the ship, unmasking him in the fight. Finally, Bruno defeats the evil alien by knocking him out of the ship's airlock, which kills him. Nothing is mentioned about the fate of Henry Burke, though he was last seen disappointed and upset for his failure and was talking to his boss on the phone, with a possibly of getting fired. The kids drop Jack and Alex off and after a tearful goodbye, they head back to their ship, but give Bruno and Alex a device that will allow the kids to always find them. And Sara gives Jack the power to use his brain to the mind reading ability. During the end credits, Bruno and Dr. Friedman (now a couple) are speaking at a UFO convention about their new successful book called "Race to Witch Mountain". The last scene shows them driving off in a car Bruno dreamed of getting honestly as he had mentioned to Friedman earliera Ford Mustang similar to that driven by Steve McQueen in ''Bullitt''. As they are about to leave, the device the kids gave Bruno before they left goes off, indicating that they may be returning. [D-Man2010] 
 Black Snake Moan (2006)431) A God-fearing bluesman takes to a wild young woman who, as a victim of childhood sexual abuse, looks everywhere for love, never quite finding it. In rural Tennessee, Lazarus, a former blues musician who survives by truck farming, finds a young girl nearly beaten to death near his home. She's the white-trash town tramp, molded by a life of sexual abuse at the hands of her father and verbal abuse from her mother, who seems to delight in reminding Rae of her mistake in not aborting her. Lazarus, who is also facing personal crisis at the dissolution of his marriage, nurses Rae back to health, providing her with gentle, fatherly advice as well as an education in blues music. Rae's boyfriend, Ronnie, goaded by the man who nearly beat Rae to death, misunderstands the relationship between Lazarus and Rae, and vows to kill him. Lazarus, exhibiting a street-smart understanding of violence and its motives, calls Ronnie's bluff, senses that he is as troubled as Rae, and becomes a guiding force in the young couple's resurrection. Joe Jurca In Tennessee, the former blues man Lazarus is in crisis, missing his wife that has just left him. He finds the town slut and nymphomaniac Rae dumped on the road nearby his little farm, drugged, beaten and almost dead. Lazarus brings her home, giving medicine and nursing and nourishing her like a father, keeping her chained to control her heat. When her boyfriend Ronnie is discharged from the army due to his anxiety issue, he misunderstands the relationship of Lazarus and Rae, and tries to kill him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This movie is the kind of movie that you go in expecting one thing and come out thinking something entirely different. A lot of times this leaves you with that, expecting orange juice and get a mouthful of sour milk feeling. This is not one of those times. The Movie starts in an ultra small, dirt-poor town in the DEEEEEEP south and we are introduced to the main character Rae (Christina Ricci). She is a needed, underhanded, sex crazed town bike. Her boyfriend Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) has decided to join the military and make a future for the two of them and Rae falls into a virtual hissy fit because she has no idea how she will live without him. Within minutes of Ronnie's bus leaving for boot camp, Rae is taken over by one of her "spells" and ends up in a hotel room with the resident town drug dealer, hustler, thug (and possible linebacker for the NY giants, he bares a striking resemblance to Lawrence Taylor). This is followed by a night of alcohol and drug fueled partying which ends up with her playing naked football and having sex with at least one other guy (yes that is 3 different men in a matter of hours). Her night ends with Ronnie's best friend giving her a ride home. Oddly enough this is the only man in the movie she doesn't throw herself at. She is rewarded for her efforts by being beaten half to death and left in the road, 5 feet from the doorstep of Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson). Lazarus has recently had his wife leave him for his younger brother so he is battling his own demons. He decides that god has placed this young girl in his hands for a reason and he has to do his level best to help this girl (who has spent the first 30 minutes of the film in panties and a cut off shirt...or less). Rae spends the next 2 days in a nearly comatose state waking up only sporadically to fight her crazy dreams and try to climb onto anything rigid. Lazarus decide that in order to protect the girl from herself and possible exorcise her sex demons he should wrap a 40 foot chain around her and confine her to his house. Over the next week both Lazarus and Rae embark on a journey of self-realization and acceptance with the help of a couple of well placed reality checks. (this synopsis first posted on realmoviereview.com) --------------------------------- Rae (Christina Ricci) was a high school slut and nymphomaniac who connects with Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) to fulfill her needs. Ronnie must report to his National Guard unit and leaves Rae all alone. Rae is not alone for long, because she is the town tramp with a powerful need to hook-up with a man. After a party, Rae is taken home by a friend who ends up beating her half to death and throws her on the side of the road. The next day, Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson) finds Rae and carries her home. Lazarus gives medical care to Rae, and believes that he can also save her from herself. Rae is like a dog in heat so Lazarus puts a 40 pound chain around her and his radiator to keep her from going out looking for men. Lazarus has problems of his own, because his wife has just left him for another man. Lazarus turns to his blues music to relieve his pain. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Escape to Witch Mountain (1975)431) Two mysterious orphan children have extraordinary powers and are chased by a scheming millionaire. But where do these kids really call home? Tia and Tony are two orphaned youngsters with extraordinary powers. Lucas Deranian poses as their uncle in order to get the kids into the clutches of Deranian's megalomanical boss, evil millionaire Aristotle Bolt, who wants to exploit them. Jason, a cynical widower, helps Tia and Tony "escape to witch mountain," while at the same time Tia and Tony help Jason escape the pain of the loss of his wife. Adam Chotiner <achot@mindspring.com> Blessed with unusual psychokinetic powers, the young siblings, ten-year-old, Tia, and her twelve-year-old brother, Tony, find themselves in an orphanage, suffering from amnesia. But, before long, their extraordinary gifts will draw the attention of the greedy millionaire, Aristotle Bolt, who wants to profit from Tia and Tony by taking control of their special powers. Now, the teens are in the clutches of the unstoppable megalomaniac, and their only chance at freedom lies in the hands of the sceptical camper, Jason O'Day, and a strange, forgotten place. Can they find the answers they seek in the heart of the mystical Witch Mountain? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the film opens, two young children are being brought to a beautiful orphanage in the countryside of California. The kids, named Tony Malone and his younger sister Tia, are warmly welcomed by the home's proprietor Mrs. Grindley, but make fast enemies with local bully, Truck. The children explain to Mrs. Grindley their background; when they were very small, they were adopted by an older couple named Mr. and Mrs. Malone. They have no memory of their parents, or really anything before being taken in by the Malones, though Tia has carried around a small box with two stars emblazoned on it for years, her "star case", and occasionally has obscure memory flashes to some kind of accident. Now that both of their adoptive parents have died, the pair have been sent to live in the orphanage. Tony makes friends playing softball, while Tia befriends a black cat, which they name Winkie. While playing baseball, Tony makes an incredible leap to catch the ball and strike Truck out. Truck accuses Tony of cheating, and attempts to beat him up, but Tony stops him by making a baseball glove punch Truck, and levitating a bat so Truck strikes it and hurts his hand, while Tia looks at Tony with disapproval. The other kids stare at the pair, and Tia telepathically chastises Tony for showing off. That night in bed, Tia reminds Tony how they were looked upon as freaks by the other kids back in their old home, and even feared by the community until they stopped doing the "spooky stuff". The kids also realize that they can hear "the dogs" barking again, from miles away. They take this as an ill omen for times to come. Some time later, all the children are awaiting a bus to go see a movie in town. Truck steals Tia's star case and threatens to destroy it unless Tony fights him for it, though Winkie knocks it out of Truck's hands and defuses the situation as the bus arrives. After the movie, Tia has a premonition of danger involving a man about to get into his car across the street. They separate from the group to warn him, and are collected by Mrs. Grindley. The man, named Mr. Deranian, decides to go for a walk instead, and moments later his car is plowed into by a runaway truck, exactly where Deranian would have been sitting. He stares in awe as the children leave. Deranian returns to his employer, Aristotle Bolt, a millionaire who is obsessed with finding supernatural means of expanding his wealth. Deranian tells him of his encounter, and Bolt tells him to bring the children to him. Tony is playing his harmonica to draw a picture of a place he's been having visions about. Tia walks in to show him her damaged star case, but while inspecting it, they find the front panel slides away to reveal a map to a unknown location, and landmarks "Stony Creek", and "Misty Valley". They determine to find their way there someday, as it may hold a clue to their past. Tia then notices the picture Tony is drawing, and they say that since they've never seen the mansion in the picture before, they must be going to it soon. Deranian researches the two after finding out their names from the orphanage, and forges many documents, which he uses to prove to Mrs. Grindley that he is, in fact, Tony and Tia's uncle Lucas, claiming that he recognized Tia as looking like his sister. Tony and Tia are skeptical, but have no choice but to go with Deranian. Dernanian takes the two far into the country, to Mr. Bolt's vast and gorgeous estate on the coast. As they drive in, they pass the gate guard, Loco, who has a severe allergic reaction on proximity to Winkie, and large kennels filled with guard dogs, that both Tia and Tony recognize as the source of the barking they heard before. Mr. Bolt plays the part of the gracious host, giving the children lavish living quarters as well as keeping them busy with a number of activities. During a riding lesson, Tia speaks to and rides a wild horse named Thunderhead, as the instructor looks on dumbfounded. Later, Tony uses his harmonica to make the marionettes in their room dance on their own. Little do they know that Mr. Bolt has been recording them on the CCTV cameras installed all over the property, intending to blackmail the children using the tapes. One night, Tony notices Tia seems upset. Although she is unable to pinpoint why, as they seem to have gotten everything they've ever wanted. Tony admits to also feeling as if something is wrong. Tia tells Tony that she has had visions of Bolt turning on them and never letting them leave, and tells him they should consider running away. Tony reluctantly agrees. While having dinner with Mr. Bolt and Deranian, Bolt runs out of patience and reveals to the children that he knows about their powers, against Deranian's advice. Tony and Tia feign ignorance, but can tell he isn't lying. Bolt tells them he wants to understand their powers, and use them to help his business efforts. The two tell him that he is not thinking clearly and needs some rest, and he leaves with Deranian. Tony and Tia are shaken at the revelation, and discuss what to do. Telepathically, they hear Bolt talking to Deranian, saying that if the children don't cooperate, he will have them sent to a secluded island in the middle of a freezing ocean to prevent them from escaping. Tia and Tony decide to run away that night, and try to find their way to the place on the star case map. After they are 'asleep', and Deranian locks their bedroom door for the night, they put their plan into action. Fully dressed and ready to go, they take Winkie, and Tia unlocks the door with ease. They take a back door out of the mansion and make it outside before alarms begin to blare throughout the compound and the dogs are set loose. They run and make it as far as the gate before the dogs catch up, but Tia empathically tells them to chase their handlers instead, then calls Thunderhead to their aid. Tony tries to use his harmonica to open the gate, but Loco is holding it closed. Winkie jumps into the guard booth, causing Loco to sneeze uncontrollably and release the gate lever. Tony opens the gate, and they all get away on Thunderhead. Bolt is furious, and asserts all of his power in the area to find the children, including state police. The kids make it to town, and see a Winnebago Motor Home parked outside a store. They hide inside the RV as the crotchety driver, Jason O'Day, loads up to leave for a road trip. Deranian drives by and asks Jason if he has seen the runaways, but Jason tells him to shove off, and drives the RV away. The next morning, Jason pulls into a beach and gets out to stretch his legs. Winkie finds her way out, knocking a bag of flour onto the children as she does. Jason finds Winkie and takes a liking to her, but when he goes inside the RV to get tuna, he finds Tony and Tia hiding inside. He evicts them from his RV, but takes pity on them and tells them to clean up while he makes them some food. Tia tells Tony that despite his grouchy attitude and professed dislike of kids, she can tell he is a good person. State Police all over are searching for the children, and Deranian suspects that they might be hiding in the Winnebago he saw the previous night. They begin to search for the RV specifically. The kids explain their situation to Jason, who is skeptical. When Jason realizes he's lost his keys, they prove their powers to him by starting his engine without them, and having Winkie find his keys on the beach. In exchange, they convince him to take them to Stony Creek. Jason takes the RV to a gas station for supplies, but the pump attendant is acting suspicious. They leave, and when the children take note of how many provisions Jason got, he tells them the trip might not be as straight forward as they hope, as Bolt is an extremely powerful man in these parts. Just then a State Trooper on motorcycle shows up on their tail, tipped off by the gas station attendant. He pulls them over and gets off his bike, but before he can approach the Winnebago, Tony telekenetically sends his cycle over the cliff, and they drive away. Tia's memory flashes of the accident they were in when the Malones took them in have been becoming more frequent. They become clear enough for he to tell that it had something to do with the ocean, and a trawler like Mr. Malone had. Mr. Bolt calls the Sheriff of a town called Longview, and tells him a reward has been offered for the children's capture, and to be on the lookout as the RV has been seen heading that direction. The group stops for the night in a secluded campground. Jason is becoming fond of the children, and helps them decipher the landmarks on their map. The kids suspect that the place in the mountains might be where they came from, though Tia has a feeling that it was further away then that. Jason and the kids wonder why whoever gave them the star case would hide the map so well. Jason mentions in passing that he never married, but Tia reveals that to be false, stunning Jason. Both children explain that they can see from his mind his life before, how when he was a young man, he married a beautiful woman who died just a few months after they were wed, leaving Jason in despair. He swore an oath never to love anyone ever again, hence his outwardly gruff demeanor. Jason is momentarily upset at these old memories, and the children apologize for prying. In the middle of the night, Deranian and his driver Ubermann are coming the area and spot the RV in the woods. they attempt to sneak up on them, gun drawn, but Winkie hears them coming and knocks the gun from Ubermann's hand, waking the group. Tia telekenetically holds the gun on Deranian and Ubermann, while Jason starts the RV and drives away. Deranian gives chase, and Jason tells Tony and Tia to jump out at the next town, Longview, to split up and lose their pursuers. He tells them to meet him at his brother's house outside of town. They turn a corner and Tony and Tia jump out of the RV and run another direction, while Deranian's car follows Jason. Tia and Tony make their way through the town in the dark, but are ambushed by the Sheriff, who witnessed the ruse. He takes them to the station and confiscates their items, but when he takes down their names, Tony instinctively answers with the last name "Castaway", confusing himself and Tia. The Sheriff locks them up as runaways, and Tia says she thinks Tony said Castaway as a translation from another language, perhaps their original last name. Tia remembers a man named Uncle Bene was with them when they wrecked. He gave Tia the star case, but drowned while keeping them afloat. They hear the Sheriff tell his deputy that Deranian is on his way to collect to children, and Tony asks Tia to levitate his harmonica to him. They easily unlock the cell door, and Tony telekenetically makes a figure out of a broom handle, trench coat, and hat to attack the Sheriff as a distraction. They grab to star case and escape to the woods, but not before Tia frees a caged circus bear that she says needed her help. The terrified Sheriff rallies the townsmen to hunt down the pair, claiming that they are witches. Deranian arrives in the middle of the chaos and is worried the bloodthirsty townsfolk will kill the children. Tia and Tony meanwhile, have made it to the forest. They tell the bear to hide in a cave while they make their way to Jason's brother's house. The townsmen search the cave looking for the kids, but the bear scares them away. The kids finally make it to the house and meet up with Jason and Winkie, but Deranian and Ubermann are on their trail and radio Bolt. Tia and Tony fill Jason in on what they've remembered so far. They both remember that they are supposed to find someone named Castaway in Stony Creek. They realize the accident must have been on a ship from another country, since they didn't understand English when the Malones adopted them. But they can't remember where the ship could have come from. Jason his brother wrote to him in his letters about a group of people who had settled into a secluded place called Witch Mountain, above Stony Creek. The people there keep to themselves, and no one knows where they came from. Tony and Tia figure that they must be their people. Bolt leaves via helicopter to join the Deranian at the house. The group sees Deranian and Ubermann approaching, and leave via the back door while Tia telepathically asks the bear for help. They drive off and Deranian attempts to follow, but finds the bear sitting in his car. While driving, Tia and Tony remember more details about their past. The night their ship sank, many other people died as well as their uncle Bene. There were multiple ships however, and the survivors made it to their destination on Witch Mountain. They all fled there from a place that doesn't exist anymore, hence why they call themselves 'Castaways'. The two stars on the star case was the emblem of their old home, a place with two suns in the sky. Not another country, but in fact an entirely different planet, in another solar system. All the pieces of memory finally fit together. Their world was dying, and the remaining population boarded spaceships to escape and find a new home. Tony and Tia's ship got caught in a storm and was destroyed, and Uncle Bene helped the children survive long enough to be rescued by the Malones, who took them in. They suspect that they are the only ones on their spaceship who made it. Bolt arrives in his helicopter to the house, which scare the bear away. Deranian explains the situation to Bolt, and goes to follow the RV. Jason and the kids arrive in Stony Creek, but the town seems deserted. They go to a building marked Misty Valley Cooprative, and decide to wait for someone to come back. Deranian finds the search party from Longview, and tells them the reward for the children as gone up, but they must be caught alive. One of the searchers suggests they look in the next town up the line; Stony Creek. Jason and the kids are getting restless waiting, and Tony suddenly has a feeling to check the phone book. He looks up the name Castaway and dials the number. The man on the other end of the phone rejoices when he hears Tony and Tia's names, but just then Deranian arrives with the townsmen. The voice on the phone tells Tony to take the back door, which they do. Once outside, the children hear the voice again, this time telepathically, telling them to make sure Deranian doesn't lose them, as he has a surprise waiting for him that will discourage him and Bolt from ever looking for them again. A chase ensues up the mountain, and the kids manage to hold of some of their pursuers. Deranian takes a shortcut and attempts to head them off, but somehow the RV flies into the air right over him. The force making this happen also makes Bolt's helicopter fly upside down next to them, which flabbergasts Bolt. The RV comes to a landing on Witch Mountain, and the voice tells the group to get out and wait. The kids thank Jason for all he's done, and say goodbye. Jason has become very fond of them, and asks if he could think of them as the kids he never had. Tia also asks him to take Winkie, since Jason needs a companion. The source of the voice emerges from the treeline, and the children recognize the man as their uncle Bene; he'd apparently not drowned in the storm, but survived after empathically asking a passing shark for help. Bene praises Jason as a credit to his species, and explains that there were other young survivors that are still missing, all with star cases and maps. So far, only Tony and Tia have made it. Jason vows to try and find the other surviving children and bring them home. Deranian arrives in his car, and Bolt's helicopter comes to a landing, still upside down. Bene tells them it's time to go. They children bid farewell to Jason and go with Bene. They board a flying saucer, which takes off in front of Bolt, out of his reach forever. He and Deranian leave defeated. After Bolt leaves, the spaceship comes back and flies over Jason and Winkie into the Misty Valley of Witch Mountain to join the colony. 