nm0005582:

 Popular (19992001)Summaries Two girls who despise each other, due to being on opposite sides of the "popularity fence", are forced together upon learning that their parents are getting married. The two girls who are seen in their fictional Jacqueline Kennedy High School as the leaders of two main opposing cliques, the popular one and the not so popular one, clash heads when their single parents meet, fall in love and decide to get hitched. However, both the girls and their two cliques slowly grow together and become an unlikely group of friends with both typical and not so typical high school and young adult problems. Brooke McQueen is the captain of Glamazons, the school's cheerleading squad. She's considered smart, beautiful and perfect. Privately, she's been dealing with self-image and body image issues ever since her estranged mother left her and her father. She also tries to fight the popular image people have of her. She wants to be good and does good and often helps people instead of thinking only about herself but she also has a suppressed selfish side. Sam McPherson aims to have the opposite image of Brooke's. She's attracted to journalism and wants to be the voice of nonconformists. Despite this, she has several flaws like being too judgmental, underestimating people or ignoring the fact that she sometimes acts hypocritically, especially when it comes to love. Her anger partially stems from the trauma of losing her father to leukemia. Lily Esposito is the schools top environmentalist, animal and human rights activist and an all-around liberal On the other hand, she has a fear of sex and sexuality and this creates problems in her relationships with men. She's Sam's friend and so is Harrison John, the ultimate friend-zoned guyfriend, who's been friends with both Brooke and Sam for a long time and has a crush on Brooke ever since childhood but also feels certain attraction to Sam. These three friends make the ultimate love triangle. Carmen Ferrara is a slightly overweight girl, who tries to deal with her body issues by trying to accept and enjoy who she is. Despite being friends with Sam's group, her dream is to become one of the Glamazons and be friends with the popular girls as well and she goes for it. Josh Ford is the school's hot popular quarterback, who at first seems like a walking jock stereotype but actually has a lot of depth and is for the most part a nice guy. He dates Brooke at first and they become the school's ultimate power couple but he eventually decides to quit trying to be what other people want him to be and become his own man. Nicole Julian is the second in command of Glamazons but always wants more power and influence. She's assertive, smart, cynical, egotistical, Machiavellian, combative and attractive and she knows it. She sees herself as the Queen B of the school and wants everyone to know it and respect it. She does not play fair and wants to see all her real and perceived enemies destroyed. The only people she respects are Gwyneth Paltrow and for the most part Brooke. However, she sometimes shows her suppressed empathic side and in those moments she becomes a true friend. Michael 'Sugar Daddy' Bernardino is Josh's towering best friend. He's cheerful, fun, acts like a rapper, takes the simple approach to life but also suffers from morbid obesity. He doesn't let this bother him though and uses his size to his advantage when playing football with Josh for the school's team. Mary Cherry is Nicole's larger than life, super rich, both genuinely quirky and amusingly psychotic, best friend and a Glamazon, although Nicole usually treats her like her sidekick. Jane McPherson is Sam's loving mom. Mike McQueen is Brooke's loving dad. The two meet and fall in love which eventually leads to marriage. Brooke and Sam can't accept this and even do their best to try to break them up but the girls eventually see the upside of becoming stepsisters, which doesn't stop them from occasionally stabbing each other in the back. Bobbi Glass is the gang's conservative, androgynous, charismatic, ingenious, commanding, tyrannical female biology, science and chemistry teacher and a true frienemy who always comes up with creative ways to put her students down but she also has a somewhat of an empathic side to her. She has several twin brothers and sisters. April Tuna is the school's scary unhinged psychotic nerdy ginger with a potent sex drive, but boys avoid her nonetheless. She leads the actual unpopular kids from the fringes of high school society and has her eye on Harrison. Emory Dick is Harrison's self-confident geeky friend who doesn't even try to fit in and likes it that way. He's always ready to help his friends and often comes up with silly creative plans that sometime actually make things worse. Poppita Fresh is the African American Glamazon and fits in perfectly with Nicole and Mary Cherry. George Austin is a smart, nice, hot, and caring African American jock, who falls for Sam and she reciprocates. Freddy Gong is the school's uneasy Asian American student, who has a strange masochistic rapport with Nicole. Principal Cecilia Hall is the school's caring blind principal who always tries to be just and help the students as well as protect the school's interests. Vice-Principal Calvin Krupps arrives later to help the school deal with conflicts between students. He's a very smart man, who doesn't mind playing games or confronting students openly if he believes that some good will come of it. Principal Hall eventually disappears from the show and he becomes the schools acting principal and he and Ms. Glass become buds. Godfrey is Ms. Glass' very strange on and off boyfriend who eventually becomes a priest. Cherry Cherry is Mary Cherry's super rich super charismatic no-nonsense mother and businesswoman who talks tough and acts accordingly. Her dream is to marry the real life actor Erik Estrada and when she wants something, she means business. The show's plots, arcs and subplots range from creative quirky over the top parodies to enhanced reality situations and typical high school drama. Due to unforeseen cancellation, the show ends on a huge cliffhanger. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The L Word (I) (20042009)Summaries Follows the lives and loves of a small, close-knit group of gay women living in Los Angeles as well as the friends and family members that either support or loathe them. 'The L Word' follows the lives and loves of a group of lesbian friends living in Los Angeles. The main character, Jenny, is a recent graduate of the University of Chicago, who moves to Los Angeles to live with her boyfriend Tim and begin a professional writing career. Jenny's life is turned upside down when she attends a party hosted by Tim's next-door neighbors, Bette and Tina, a lesbian couple who are about to take the step into parenthood after being together for seven years. A brief encounter at the party with Marina, the owner of the local coffeehouse, suddenly has Jenny thrust into a whole new world that makes her question her own sexual orientation. Other friends of Bette and Tina include Dana, a professional tennis player who is shy but eager to meet the right woman; Alice, a magazine writer who has a brief relationship with a self-identified "lesbian" man; and Shane, a hairstylist who can't stick to just one woman, and Kit, Bette's half sister who struggles with alcoholism. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 That '80s Show (2002)Summaries That '80s Show is a half-hour ensemble comedy focusing on a group of twenty-somethings finding their way through the '80s in San Diego. The date is 1984. The location is San Diego, just one hour outside of the big dream we call Los Angeles. Corey and Katie live with their Dad RT and Corey's friend Roger. Corey is a creative soul who is trying to make it in the music world in a decade that only appreciates financial success. Although his father, RT, is a successful professional who is about to strike gold with his Gut Whacker and ride the '80s fitness marketing craze wave, Corey finds it difficult to get in the game. On the other hand, Corey's friend Roger idolizes Ronald Reagan and listens to motivation tapes while trying to find his way into corporate America. The household is rounded out by Corey's younger sister Katie, a chip off the old block whose sweetness and naivet make her the perfect go between for her father and brother. At Club Piranha, a local gathering place, Sophia is in control. Sophia, Corey's ex, is a beautiful, "grab all that I can" kind of girl who doesn't like to limit her choices. Sophia breaks up with Corey to explore other avenues and relationships... all types of relationships. Corey's one safe haven is Permanent Record, the music store where he works for Margaret, a woman who lived through the summer of love and emerged with quite a few stories (and a rash). But things change for Corey when he's forced to deal with the new girl, Tuesday, a punk rocker who sports a mohawk and attitude to match. Ben Thede A group of 20-something year olds experience life in the '80s. Each experience their own adventures, Corey a philosophy graduate who works in a record shop. Katie, Corey's sister, dropped out of college and hides it from her father, R.T. Roger who works at a car dealership, and idolizes the working America. And June Tuesday who lives in her car and finds romance with Corey. Nick It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 D.E.B.S. (2003)321) A quartet of girls from a prep high school are recruited by a secret paramilitary academy to conduct cloak-and-dagger missions. There is a secret test hidden with in the SAT. This test does not measure a persons aptitude at reading writing or arithmetic. It measures a students ability to LIE, CHEAT, FIGHT and KILL. Those who score well are recruited into a secret paramilitary academy. Some call them seductresses. Some call them spies. Fools call them innocent. They call themselves D.E.B.S. Centering on four of the girls, plane-Jane Amy; tough-as-nails Max; French exchange student Dominique; and insecure Janet; whom face off against a ruthless villain, Lucy in the Sky, whom abducts their the D.E.B.S. squad captain, Amy, and tries to bring her over to the bad side by seducing her. JB Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A narrator explains that there is a test hidden in the SAT's which measures an applicant's ability to fight, cheat, lie and kill. Female students who score well on this hidden test are selected to become members of the secret paramilitary group D.E.B.S. which stands for Discipline, Energy, Beauty and Strength. Focusing on one squad of D.E.B.S., comprised of the team captain Amy (Alex Breckenridge), the tough Max (Tammy Lynn Michaels), French exchange student Dominique (Shanti Lowry), and the prissy and insecure Janet (Jill Ritchie), all of whom faces off against a ruthless villain named Lucy in the Sky (Clare Kramer). Spoofing TV prime time shows, a listing of "previous on D.E.B.S." shows the team's boss Mr. Tibbs explaining that Lucy in the Sky was spotted entering the United States again. Max is frustrated knowing that for some reason Lucy keeps capturing Amy and the team has to rescue her. Amy is captured, leading to Max to take over the team to lead them to Lucy's hideout in a dockside warehouse. Max, Janet, and the chain-smoking Dominique make entry into Lucy's hideout and soon are facing off in a gun battle with Lucy's henchmen, led by her right-hand man Billy Skids. Meanwhile, unknown to either Lucy's henchmen or the D.E.B.S., Lucy and Amy are lovers and Lucy keeps capturing Amy so that the two of them can have sex, with Amy timing them to know when her colleagues will appear to "rescue" her. This time Lucy becomes frustrated over the same routine they have to go though over their secret romance each time. Amy then tells Lucy that she really loves her, and Lucy is happy. Elsewhere, Max, Janet, and Dominique defeat Lucy's henchmen (with Dominique never dropping the cigarette she's smoking, and Max having an all-too-brief meeting of minds with Skids during their fistfight, while Janet is just determined not to get her favorite sweater ruined). The three D.E.B.S. arrive at a locked door to Lucy's quarters where they hear Amy screaming out, leading them to try to break down the door. But Amy is not screaming in pain, but in passion as she climaxes from the sex. Lucy and Amy quickly dress where Amy tells Lucy that she can capture her again next week during the D.E.B.S. mission to Uganda. On cue from Amy, Lucy punches her out and makes her escape as Max, Janet, and Dominique arrive, none of them aware to Amy's secret tryst with the enemy. Amy thanks them for rescuing her... again. The four D.E.B.S. walk out of the warehouse and into the evening sunset as Janet asks Amy if that is her sweater that she's wearing and if she got blood or any dirt on it. 