nm0000160:

 Training Day (2001)651) A rookie cop spends his first day as a Los Angeles narcotics officer with a rogue detective who isn't what he appears to be. In Los Angeles, a city where streets are overrun by drug dealers, those who have sworn to uphold the law are breaking them to clean up the streets. Denzel Washington plays L.A.P.D. detective Alonzo Harris, a veteran narcotics officer whose methods of enforcing the law are questionable, if not corrupt. 'Training Day' follows Harris as he trains rookie Jake Hoyt over a 24-hour period. Ethical dilemmas arise for Hoyt as well as the audience as questions present themselves as to whether or not Harris' methodology for ridding the streets of South Central Los Angeles of drugs is right or wrong. Anna <dimenxia@yahoo.com> A former Los Angeles security guard named Jake Hoyt has applied for a LAPD position as a Narcotics officer. However, in order to be accepted, he must go through approximately 24 hours of training from a veteran Narcotics officer. Unfortunately for Jake, he is appointed to Alonzo Harris, an officer who has a nasty reputation for not treating victims very well, abusing suspects, handling drugs and other evidence in a questionable matter, and opening fire randomly. So, Jake must watch his own back with Alonzo on this "Training Day". John Wiggins Today is Jake Hoyt's (Ethan Hawke) first day on the force. And the rookie cop's partner, the one who will be teaching him the tricks of the trade, is Alonzo Harris (Denzel Washington). Harris is one of the best detectives out there, but he's also one of the most unorthodox. While at first Jake thinks he has good intentions behind his questionable ethics, one particularly hasty "assignment" puts him in a unwanted position with Harris. In just one day, Jake realizes that Alonzo may not be the man he thought he was, and the two are eventually pitted in a showdown where only one man can make it out alive. Macroplanet Jake Hoyt wants to become a LAPD narc agent, stop narcs from selling drugs on the streets. But that might be hard as he works with LAPD narc agent Alonzo Harris for the next 24 hours. Alonzo is an LAPD veteran who has been working the narcs for over a decade, but his ways and techniques of becoming a narc agent are questionable, if not corrupt. As the 24 hours go by, Jake observes Alonzo's methods, and in the madness, Jake tries to solve all the twists and turns, trying to figure out who really is the enemy here. Training Day. Its a day of reckoning. Charles Lee <Chucklee2k1@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins as we see Jake Hoyt (Ethan Hawke) waking up on the 1st day of his new assignment as an undercover narcotics officer in the grittiest part of LA. The head of his unit is Alonzo Harris (Denzel Washington) who has 4 other men working for him. Today, Jake will be riding along with Alonzo so he can show him the streets, and see how young Jake performs under pressure. Jake meets Alonzo at a small coffee shop where Jake finds out quickly that Alonzo is a tough-talking, no-nonsense maverick narcotics officer. For the next few hours we are taken from the ghetto to the barrio, from drug dealers to rapists. We learn a lot about Alonzo's as he seems to know every bad person out there. He even lives with a girl in the ghetto with their son. In that particular neighborhood, behind his back, everyone hates Alonzo's abuse of authority. Alonzo also promises Jake that he can accelerate his promotion within the department. While driving past an alleyway, Jake sees a young girl about to be raped and yells at Alonzo to stop the car. He doesn't want to stop because that's not what he's there for. Jake jumps out of the car and rescues the girl but not before getting into a huge fight with the two men. Jake kicks theirs asses and as he consoles the girl, Alonzo shows up and tortures the two men briefly before sending them on their way. The girl hurriedly leaves and Jake finds her wallet on the ground and absently pockets it. Alonzo takes Jake to the house of an old friend of his, Roger, (Scott Glenn) who is a retired LAPD veteran but is now dealing drugs on the side. They share a drink together and a few laughs. Roger asks Alonzo about an incident that happened when Alonzo was recently on vacation in Las Vegas but Alonzo brushes it off, saying it's not a problem. Everywhere they go, Alonzo gets away with more money, or drugs by shaking down or just scaring the hell out of the bad guys. At one point Alonzo forces Jake to smoke PCP-laced marijuana, holding a pistol to his head and telling him that if Jake had been with a drug-dealer and refused, he'd be shot. It's obvious that Jake doesn't agree with what's going on but Alonzo explains to him that to protect the sheep, you need to kill the wolves and the only way to do that is to become a wolf. Jake smokes the weed and spends a few miles in a PCP-induced stupor. They go to a lunch meeting with some big-time LA judges but about all we can make out is that they aren't exactly the most law-abiding officials. They also ask Jake about Las Vegas and Alonzo reacts much the same way he did with Roger; he seems unconcerned. He asks the judges for a search warrant, which they grant him. Alonzo and Jake meet up with the other four members of the unit and, armed with the warrant, they storm into a small house. The house turns out to be Roger's, who has $4 million stashed away in the floorboards. Alonzo and his guys plan to divide up three million of the stash among themselves. Jake is very unsure of how the deal will go down. Back in Roger's living room, while they discuss their plan, Alonzo tells Jake to shoot Roger. Jake refuses and Alonzo does the deed himself, saying "it's not what you know, but what you can prove." The plan is to use one of Roger's guns to shoot Jeff (Peter Greene) in his Kevlar vest to make the act look like self-defense. When Jeff is shot, one of the bullets penetrates his vest and he angrily begs Alonzo to call for an ambulance. Jake suddenly grabs the shotgun and holds Alonzo and his crew off, telling them he won't play along. Alonzo gets Jake to back down when he tells him that a blood or urine test will show that Jake had used drugs. Jake backs down, back up and the paramedics arrive and the crime seems to go unquestioned. Back at Alonzo's car, Jake tells him that what just occurred was murder. Alonzo counters, saying that Roger dealt drugs to kids in his neighborhood and that since the money was dirty, it was theirs to keep. Alonzo seems to concede on one point; that Jake is still a rookie and needs time to accept Alonzo's dirty dealings. They head out to the barrio where Alonzo tells him he needs to give some goods to the family of one of his informants. There is a card game going on in the kitchen and Jake waits there while Alonzo goes into the bathroom. The owner of the house, Smiley (Cliff Curtis) opens the package that Alonzo left and has his sister count out the money that was inside. Jake sits down to play cards with Smiley and his guys and a brief discussion about Jake's sidearm takes place, an ploy for Smiley's buddy, Moreno (Noel Gugliemi) to get Jake's weapon away from him. Smiley then reveals that Alonzo left him behind and explains what happened in Las Vegas: allegedly a Russian gangster had been mouthing off to Alonzo until Alonzo lost his temper and beat the man to death. The gangster's bosses gave Alonzo an out: play them $1 million and they'd forget the incident. If Alonzo can't pay by midnight, he'll be hunted down and killed. Knowing that he's been set up by Alonzo, Jake desperately tries to fight his way out but Smiley and his guys take him down. They drag him into the bathroom and just as they're about to shoot him in the head, one of them decides to take his wallet first. Out of his pocket comes the pink wallet he recovered from the rape scene earlier that day. Smiley furiously asks Jake how he got the wallet; Jake tells him that he'd stopped his cousin Letty from being assaulted and raped earlier. Smiley calls Letty and she confirms Jake's story. Smiley decides to let Jake go as a solid for rescuing his cousin. Jake hops a bus and heads out to the worst part of South Central area where Alonzo is living and confronts him just as he is packing up his million to give to the Russians. For the next 10 minutes or so there is a shootout in the house, on the roof and in the streets of the neighborhood. Finally, Jake forces Alonzo to crash his car, temporarily knocking Alonzo out. Jake drags him from the car and holds him at gunpoint. When he recovers, he and Jake face each other in the street with all the gang members surrounding them. Alonzo offers to make whomever shoots Jake a "very rich man" but the gang members, tired of Alonzo's ego and control of them, refuse. Jake walks off with the money, leaving a shouting Alonzo to whatever fate awaits him. Alonzo gets into his car and drives towards the airport. His car is forced to a stop by a several vans and out jump the armed Russians who kill him in a hail of gunfire. When Jake arrives home we hear newscasts describing the killing of a highly-decorated narcotics officer who was gunned down while investigating drug trafficking at the airport. 
 Before Sunrise (1995)761) A young man and woman meet on a train in Europe, and wind up spending one evening together in Vienna. Unfortunately, both know that this will probably be their only night together. American tourist Jesse and French student Celine meet by chance on the train from Budapest to Vienna. Sensing that they are developing a connection, Jesse asks Celine to spend the day with him in Vienna, and she agrees. So they pass the time before his scheduled flight the next morning together. How do two perfect strangers connect so intimately over the course of a single day? What is that special thing that bonds two people so strongly? As their bond turns to love, what will happen to them the next morning when Jesse flies away? randywong70@comcast.net Jesse, an American, has been traveling around Europe on his own aimlessly for the past few weeks on his Eurail pass. His last stop, where he is currently heading, is Vienna, from where he will catch a flight home tomorrow morning. Celine, a Parisienne, had been in Budapest visiting her grandmother. She is currently heading back to Paris to resume her studies at the Sorbonne. Jesse and Celine meet by chance on the same westbound train out of Budapest. The connection they feel from their short conversation on the train is enough for Jesse to suggest at the last minute that she get off the train with him in Vienna and that they spend time together in Vienna - just wandering around the city as was his original plan as he doesn't have the money for a hotel - before he needs to go to the airport, and at which time she will board the next train to Paris. If it ends up she feels uncomfortable with him as time progresses, she could ditch him at any point. Celine agrees. As they wander from place to place in Vienna, they talk about their philosophies of life and love. They also talk about logistical issues regarding their time, such as why Jesse was in Europe to begin with, what they are feeling for each other, if there is a future for them together and if so what that future may look like taking into consideration both their current lots in life. Huggo Two young people, a French graduate student and an American tourist, meet briefly on a train traveling through Europe. Each enjoy talking to each other so much that they decide to get off the train together in Vienna. As they wander the city together and their night progresses, their connection makes the idea of separating the next morning a difficult choice. Kyle Perez A French grad student named Celine meets an American boy named Jesse on the Budapest-Vienna train. They get off the train in Vienna and hang out for a while. Anonymous Before Sunrise is a romance between a young American (Jesse) and a French student (Celine). A chance encounter on the train incites intrigue, and Jesse provocatively suggests that Celine postpones her return to France and embarks instead on a spontaneous expedition to Vienna. In the course of their 14-hour relationship, the two share in their love for the unrehearsed and their appreciation for the unexpected as they explore in a powerful meeting of hearts and minds. Hong Kong Arts Centre Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Jesse meeting Cline on a train from Budapest and striking up a conversation with her. Jesse is going to Vienna to catch a flight back to the United States, whereas Cline is returning to university in Paris after visiting her grandmother. When they reach Vienna, Jesse convinces Cline to disembark with him, saying that 10 or 20 years down the road, she might not be happy with her marriage and might wonder how her life would have been different if she had picked another guy, and this is a chance to realize that he himself is not that different from the rest; in his words, he is "the same boring, unmotivated guy." Jesse has to catch a flight early in the morning and does not have enough money to rent a room for the night, so they decide to roam around in Vienna. After visiting a few landmarks in Vienna, they share a kiss at the top of the Riesenrad ferris wheel at sunset and start to feel a romantic connection. As they continue to roam around the city, they begin to talk more openly with each other, with conversations ranging from topics about love, life, religion, and their observations of the city. Cline tells Jesse that her last boyfriend broke up with her six months ago, claiming that she "loved him too much". When questioned, Jesse reveals he had initially come to Europe to spend time with his girlfriend who was studying in Madrid, but they had broken up when she was avoiding him while he was there. He decided to take a cheap flight out of Europe, out of Vienna, but it didn't leave for two weeks so he bought a Eurail pass and traveled around Europe. When they are walking alongside a canal they are approached by a man who, instead of begging, offers to write them a poem with a word of their choice in it. Jesse and Cline decide on the word "milkshake", and are soon presented with the poem Delusion Angel (written for the film by the poet David Jewell). In a cafe, Jesse and Cline stage fake phone conversations with each other, playing each others' friends they pretend to call. Cline reveals that she was ready to get off the train with Jesse before he convinced her. Jesse reveals that after he broke up with his girlfriend, he bought a flight that really wasn't much cheaper, and all he really wanted was an escape from his life. They admit their attraction to each other and how the night has made them feel, though they understand that they probably won't see each other again when they leave. They simply decide to make the best of what time they have left, ending the night with the implication of a sexual encounter between them. At that point, Jesse explains that if given the choice, he'd marry her instead of never seeing her again. The film ends the next day at the train station, where the two hastily agree to meet together at the same place in six months as the train is about to leave. 
 Before Midnight (2013)651) We meet Jesse and Celine nine years on in Greece. Almost two decades have passed since their first meeting on that train bound for Vienna. It has been nine years since we last met Jesse and Celine, the French-American couple who once met on a train in Vienna. They now live in Paris with twin daughters, but have spent a summer in Greece on the invitation of an author colleague of Jesse's. When the vacation is over and Jesse must send his teenage son off to the States, he begins to question his life decisions, and his relationship with Celine is at risk. Peter Brandt Nielsen Writer Jesse Wallace is married with Cline and they have twin daughters, Ella and Nina, eighteen years after their first encounter in a train in Vienna. They live in Paris but they are spending summer vacation in Greece in the house of Jesse's friends. In the end of the vacation, Jesse takes his fourteen year-old son Hank to the airport to fly to Chicago, where he lives with his mother. One of his Greek friends offers a hotel room for Jesse and Cline to spend one farewell dream night, but they discuss their relationship instead. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil The third "one day" installment in the continuing romantic saga of American Jesse and Parisienne Celine is presented. They met eighteen years ago as early twenty-somethings by chance on a Budapest to Vienna train, and spent a memorable twenty-four hours together in Vienna before parting company at the Vienna train station vowing to meet again at that exact spot in six months' time, that subsequent meeting which never happened. They reconnected nine years later, again by chance, when Jesse, then married to another woman with a son Henry a result of that union, was on a book tour in Paris. Celine happened to notice the advertisement of him speaking at her local bookstore, this his first book, "This Time", an account of their romantic day in Vienna. Another nine years later and living in Paris, they are now married to each other, and have twin adolescent daughters, Ella and Nina. Jesse's Chicago residing first wife, who has sole custody of Henry, still hates him and Celine, and they only see Henry on summer and Christmas vacations, which pains Jesse especially as he feels he needs to be a more constant presence in now fourteen year old Henry's life. They, including their three combined offspring, have spent this summer in Greece at the invitation of Patrick, a literary benefactor who only knew of Jesse previously by reputation. This day, after seeing Henry off at the airport to go home, Jesse and Celine have an al fresco dinner at Patrick's with three other couples, each at different stages of life and at different stages of their coupledom, before they head off to a hotel alone to mark the end of their Greek stay, it a gift from their Greek friends Ariadni and Stefanos. As Jesse and Celine continue their discussions of life and love, both with their friends and alone on their own, they may come to some realizations if they can overcome the pulling priorities in their lives to remain a loving, married couple. Huggo Nine years after Before Sunset, their highly-regarded sequel to Before Sunrise, director Richard Linklater re-teams with Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy for Before Midnight, which finds their characters together raising twin daughters. Jesse (Hawke) attempts to maintain a relationship with Hank, his teenage son from his first marriage, but their bond is strained even though Hank has just spent the summer with his dad and step-family. Meanwhile, Celine (Delpy) must make a difficult decision about her career.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nine years after the conclusion of Before Sunset, Jesse and Celine live in Paris as a couple, parents to twin girls conceived when they got together. Jesse is also struggling to maintain his relationship with his teenage son Hank, who lives in Chicago with Jesse's (now) ex-wife and who, after spending the summer with Jesse and Celine on a Greek island, is being dropped off at the airport to fly home. Jesse has continued to find success as a novelist, while Celine is at a career crossroads, considering a job in government. When Jesse drops his son, Henry ("Hank") off at the airport, he promises to visit him in the near future so he can see him perform at a school music recital. Henry is reluctant and tries to discourage his father from coming because it will upset his mother. Henry says he isn't worried about his mother getting upset about she & his father meeting face-to-face, but is worried about how it will effect himself. Jesse is left feeling confused. Outside the terminal, Jesse meets up with Celine and the two get in their car and drive home. As the camera pulls back from the driver's seat, we see that Jesse and Celine have twin daughters. 
 Before Sunset (2004)431) Nine years after Jesse and Celine first met, they encounter each other again on the French leg of Jesse's book tour. Early thirty-something American Jesse Wallace is in a Paris bookstore, the last stop on a tour to promote his best selling book, This Time. Although he is vague to reporters about the source material for the book, it is about his chance encounter nine years earlier on June 15-16, 1994 with a Parisienne named Celine, and the memorable and romantic day and evening they spent together in Vienna. At the end of their encounter at the Vienna train station, which is also how the book ends, they, not providing contact information to the other, vowed to meet each other again in exactly six months at that very spot. As the media scrum at the bookstore nears its conclusion, Jesse spots Celine in the crowd, she who only found out about the book when she earlier saw his photograph promoting this public appearance. Much like their previous encounter, Jesse and Celine, who is now an environmental activist, decide to spend time together until he is supposed to catch his flight back to New York, this time only being about an hour. Beyond the issue of the six month meeting, what has happened in their lives in the intervening nine years, and their current lives, they once again talk about their philosophies of life and love, this time with the knowledge of their day together and how it shaped what has happened to them. Huggo Jesse, a writer from the US, and Celine, a Frenchwoman working for an environment protection organization, acquainted nine years ago on the train from Budapest to Vienna, meet again when Jesse arrives in Paris for a reading of his new book. As they have only a few hours until his plane leaves, they stroll through Paris, talking about their experiences, views and whether they still love each other, although Jesse is already married with a kid. Moritz Muehlenhoff <jmm@inutil.org> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nine years have passed since the events of Before Sunrise, when Jesse (Hawke) and Celine (Delpy) had met in Vienna. Since then, Jesse has written a novel, This Time, inspired by his time with Celine, and the book has become an American bestseller. To help sales in Europe, Jesse does a book tour. The last stop of the tour is Paris, and Jesse is doing a reading at the bookstore Shakespeare and Company. As Jesse talks with his audience, flashbacks are shown of him and Celine in Vienna; the memories of their night together have clearly remained with him despite it being nine years later. Three journalists are present at the bookstore, interviewing Jesse: a romantic who is convinced the book's main characters meet again, a cynic who is convinced that they don't, and a third one who, despite wanting them to meet again, remains doubtful they actually do. They represent the three possible ways a viewer might guess what the aftermath of Before Sunrise might be, according to his or her own personality. Celine appears in the audience and sees him, and he, in turn, recognizes her. Jesse has a short time before his plane departs and invites Celine to share it with him. However, once the presentation is over, the bookstore manager reminds him he's got a plane to catch and must leave for the airport in a little more than an hour, and so just like in Before Sunrise, Celine and Jesse's reunion is constrained by time. Just like in the prequel, the characters are thus forced to make the best of what little time they have together, and this makes it easier for their conversations to become ever more personal, starting out with the usual thirty-something's themes of work and politics and then, with ever increasing passion, approaching their love for each other, just as their time together is running out. As they talk, each reveals what has happened since their first meeting. Both are now in their early thirties. Jesse, now a writer, is married and has a son. Celine has become an advocate for the environment, lived in America for a time, and has a boyfriend, a photojournalist. It becomes clear in the course of their talk that both are dissatisfied to varying degrees with their lives. Jesse reveals that he only stays with his wife out of love for his son. Celine says that she does not see her boyfriend very much because he is so often on assignment. Early in their conversation, they broach the subject of why they did not meet as promised, six months after their first encounter. It turns out that Jesse had returned to Vienna as promised, but Celine did not, because her grandmother had suddenly died before the scheduled date of the meeting. Because Jesse and Celine had never exchanged addresses, there was no way for them to contact each other, which resulted in their missed connection. Their conversation as they traverse Paris places them in various venues, including a caf, a garden, a bateau mouche, and Jesse's hired car for his stay in Paris. Their old feelings for each other are slowly rekindled, even with tension and regret over the missed meeting earlier, as they realize that nothing else in their lives has matched their one night together in Vienna nine years prior. Jesse eventually admits that he wrote the book in the distant hope of meeting Celine again one day. She replies that the book brought back painful memories for her. At one point, in the hired car, during a tense moment when Jesse is confessing his loveless, near sexless marriage, Celine reaches her hand out to touch Jesse but pulls back just as he turns to her. In the concluding scene, Celine and Jesse arrive at her apartment. Jesse had learned that Celine plays the guitar and persuades her to play a waltz song for him. The waltz (which was written by Julie Delpy herself) is revealed through the lyrics to be about their brief encounter. Jesse then plays a Nina Simone CD on the stereo system. Celine dances by herself to the song "Just in Time" as Jesse watches her. As Celine imitates Simone, she mutters to Jesse, "Baby ... you are gonna miss that plane." As the camera slowly pans in, Jesse smiles while nervously fidgeting with his wedding ring and ambiguously responds, "I know," leaving the viewer to guess whether he stays or leaves, just like the three journalists who interviewed Jesse at the beginning of the film. 