nm0007171:

 The Road to El Dorado (2000)541) Two swindlers get their hands on a map to the fabled city of gold, El Dorado. The story is about two swindlers who get their hands on a map to the fabled city of gold, El Dorado, while pulling off some sort of scam. Their plan goes bad and the rogues end up lost at sea after several misfortunes. Oddly enough, they end up on the shores of El Dorado, and are worshipped by the natives for their foreign appearances. Paolo Costabel <paolo@bluesky-vifx.com> The story is about two swindlers Miguel and Tulio, two wanted conmen who gets their hands on a map to the fabled city of gold, El Dorado. After they are shipwrecked in the New World with a scene-stealing horse. The pair follow a map to the secret city where their loyalty will be tested: do they return home rich men or continue to live in this paradise? Of course there are some obstacles: a high priest is locked in a power struggle with the benevolent chief and the perfunctory girlfriend puts the two friends at odds. But in the end, they must make a huge moral decision that leads to a swashbuckling conclusion. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} In 1517, Spanish-wanted street swindlers Miguel and Tulio's uncanny luck gets them a map to El Dorado, and a stowaway passage, albeit in Cortez's stocks destined for floggings and slavery in Cuba. They escape, thanks to the war horse Altivo; a storm brings them onto a Mexican shore fitting the map, so they enter the city, where High Priest Tzekel-Kan welcomes them as the prophesied gods, accidentally confirmed by a volcanic rumble. Only temple thief Chel sees trough their game, so she's allowed into the scam to steal the golden treasure. They abolish human sacrifices and learn the High Priest rivals for power with the Chief, so they play them against each other. Meanwhile, Cortez arrives and follows the tramps' trail. When Tzekel-Kan tricks Tullio into reintroducing sacrifices, the river of blood tradition requires to start the jaguar age, Miguel braves him, making a dangerous enemy who uses black magic having realized they're mortal. Now two major dangers attack the city and its"'patron gods". KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Road to El Dorado This is an animation and the voice actors are credited. The songs, by Elton John and Tim Rice, are usually known by titles other than their first lines: both are referenced. The movie opens with the legend of the creation of El Dorado, the city of Gold, by the Divinities, a thousand years ago (Song: 'El Dorado, The Magnificent' ('Our glorious city')). In Spain, 1519, Cortez (Jim Cummings) is preparing to set sail. Playing dice with Zaragoza (Tobin Bell), one of his crew - and with loaded dice! - are con-men Tulio (Kevin Kline) and Miguel (Kenneth Branagh), who win a map showing the location of El Dorado, but who are then discovered and, faking an argument between them to distract the crowd, flee: through a set of misadventures involving an escaped bull and a set of narrow streets, they end up inside two water-barrels which are loaded onto Cortez's ship. Discovered at sea, Tulio and Miguel are locked in the brig, but manage to escape with the aid of Altivo, Cortez's horse (Frank Welker), who fetches them the keys in return for an apple. They steal a boat, and (along with Altivo) try to reach land: when they do so, they realize they are at the first marker on the map (a stone shaped like an eagle's head) and so decide to follow the trail to El Dorado (Song: 'The trail that we blaze' ('Look out, New World, here we come'). En route they come across an armadillo, which they save and which accompanies them, and various other markers (the shadow of an eagle, a weeping face, a dragon, etc.) until they come to the final marker, a stone stele bearing an image of the Divinities of El Dorado and their steed, which closely resemble Tulio, Miguel and Altivo. Here Tulio angrily offers 'his half of the big rock' to Miguel: but they are interrupted by a girl, Chel (Rosie Perez), who is running away from El Dorado closely pursued by guards. The guards take everyone by a secret waterway-passage hidden behind the waterfall to the city of El Dorado, where they are met by Chief Tani (Edward James Olmos) and the High Priest, Tzekel-kan (Armand Assante). Hailed as gods (helped by a short start-and-stop of the local volcano) at the coming of the Age of the Jaguar, Tulio and Miguel are taken to their quarters in the temple atop one of the pyramids. Chel, who wants to leave El Dorado, agrees to help them with their scam. The Chief organizes a splendid party for everyone that evening (Song: 'It's good to be a god' ('I hardly think I'm qualified'), which Tulio and Miguel thoroughly enjoy, but they interrupt and stop Tzekel-kan's intended human sacrifice at dawn, also preventing too much of the gold being also tossed into a whirlpool (supposedly the gateway to the spirit realm of Shivalva). The gold is taken to the temple, (there is a cut to Cortez landing and finding the trail), and Tulio and Miguel negotiate a ship from Chief Tani, to be built in three days. At the temple, Tulio is becoming increasingly nervous about the success of the con: he is relaxed by Chel, whilst Miguel sneaks off to see the city (Song: 'The more I learn' (ibid)), where he makes friends with the people. Spotted by Tzekel-kan, Tulio is interviewed by him about how he wants his sacrifices: Tulio and Miguel are then challenged to an Aztec football match, which they win by substituting the armadillo for the ball: however, when offered the sacrifice of the losing team, Miguel reacts angrily, and dismisses Tzekel-kan. The two friends are now drifting apart: Miguel, in an interview with the Chief about the ship, reveals he really wants to stay, and Tulio, increasingly in love with Chel, wants to take her and the gold and leave. Tzekel-kan has however noted that Miguel has cut himself, and 'the gods do not bleed': using a book of magic potions, and the body of his acolyte (Duncan Majoribanks), he brings the giant stone statue of a jaguar to life and under his control. The jaguar pursues Tulio and Miguel across the city and through the volcano to the place of sacrifice above the whirlpool: using a variant of their escape in Spain, Tulio and Miguel trick Tzekel-kan and the jaguar so that both fall into the whirlpool. Tzekel-kan fetches up at the feet of Cortez, and agrees to show him the secret way to the city. In El Dorado, Miguel has decided to stay, and Tulio and Chel to go (Song: 'Friends never say goodbye' ('There isn't much I haven't shared')), and the farewell celebrations and the ship-load of gold are ready when news comes of Cortez's and Tzekel-kan's approach. Tulio decides the only way to save the city is to block the waterway-passage by crashing the ship into its roofs' supporting pillars: to provide extra impetus it is decided to overturn one of the great cisterns near the tunnel entrance. Unfortunately this starts to move faster than expected, and to get the ship clear Miguel has to dive from Altivo's back onto the ship to free the sail. The ship then races down the passage and destroys the roof supports as planned: Miguel, Tulio, Chel and Altivo (and the armadillo) hide to see Tzekel-kan faced with the blocked passage, and Cortez's anger. The guys are saddened at the loss of the treasure - it was SO MUCH GOLD! - but ride off to other adventures, unaware that Altivo still has his gold horseshoes and prefers to keep that fact to himself. (Credits' song: 'Here comes the night' (ibid)). 
 Chicken Little (2005)431) After ruining his reputation with the town, a courageous chicken must come to the rescue of his fellow citizens when aliens start an invasion. Ridiculed by the animal inhabitants of the peaceful Oakey Oaks community for his absurd notion that the sky is falling, the well-meaning young chicken, Chicken Little, promises to prove everyone wrong. However, one year later, there's still nothing on the horizon to justify Little's fears, when, out of the blue, the humiliated boy finally stumbles upon a real piece of evidence. Is Chicken Little and his loyal band of outcasts really on to something big this time? Nick Riganas After Chicken Little causes widespread panic, when he mistakes a falling acorn for a piece of the sky, the young chicken is determined to restore his reputation. But just as things are starting to go his way, a real piece of the sky lands on his head. Chicken Little and his band of misfit friends, Abby Mallard (a.k.a. Ugly Duckling), Runt of the Litter, and Fish Out of Water, attempt to save the world without sending the town into a whole new panic. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the town of Oakey Oaks, the citizens are thrown into a panic when Chicken Little sounds the schoolbell, proclaiming that the sky is falling. Leading the townsfolk to the village square, he claims that a piece of sky shaped like a stop-sign hit him in the head. However, there doesn't appear to be anything there, except some acorns. Chicken Little's father, Buck Cluck, assumes that maybe it was just an acorn, and that his son over-reacted. Buck apologizes for the 'false alarm,' but the townsfolk are not quick to forgive Chicken Little. A year later, Chicken Little is still ridiculed for his 'false alarm.' At school, tries to rely on his friends Abbey Mallard (considered an 'ugly duckling'), Runt of the Litter, and Fish out of Water. At school, Chicken Little and his friends endure a game of Dodge Ball, before being pushed around by Foxy Loxey, and her friend, Goosey Loosey. This leads to Chicken Little accidentally pulling the fire alarm, which leads to his Father coming to take him home. Chicken Little is still hurt that his Father seems let down by his previous actions, and decides to play for the school baseball team. However, his plans to make his Father proud are sidelined when Foxy Loxey becomes the team's champion, leading the team to the final game of the season. Chicken Little is called up to bat, but only after the roster is almost out of players. Everyone mocks Chicken Little, until he makes a surprise hit that stuns the other team. Chicken Little ends up winning the game, and it seems that his Father is finally proud of him. Later that evening, Little stares up at the sky, when suddenly, a star seems to plummet into his room. After recovering from the shock, Little is terrified to see that a piece of the sky has plummeted into his room...shaped like a stop sign! Worriedly, he calls his friends over, and they realized that the object appears to mimic it's environment. As Fish examines the back, a button causes the thing to hover. Fish happily jumps on it, and it flies up into the sky. Little, Abbey and Runt follow Fish's position to the baseball field, where suddenly, an alien spacecraft appears, out of which appear 2 alien creatures with tentacles and 3 glowing eyes. As they leave, the three enter the ship looking for Fish. Along the way, Little finds a floating orange mass of hair, that seems to sprout an eye. After walking away, the thing then sprouts 3 eyes and limbs, and secretly follows the group. The group eventually finds Fish, but Runt finds something even more terrifying: a map of their galaxy, with numerous planets crossed off, except for the next one: Earth! The group then rushes to get out of the spaceship, only to encounter the tentacled creatures that then give chase. The group rushes through town, intent to ring the schoolbell and warn everyone. Chicken Little manages to make it to the schoolbell, but stops when he remembers the humiliation he endured after his last false alarm. However, hearing his friends panicking as the aliens draw closer, he rings the bell. The sound causes the aliens to quickly retreat to their ship. The townspeople then follow Chicken Little, Abbey and Runt back to the baseball field, only to find nothing there. Buck also arrives, and the townspeople's mood about Chicken Little winning the ballgame that afternoon now turns (again) to annoyance at what seems to be another false alarm. Chicken Little tries to convince his Dad that it was real (along with his friends), but Buck admits he doesn't believe him. 
 The Secret of NIMH (1982)541) To save her ill son, a field mouse must seek the aid of a colony of rats, with whom she has a deeper link than she ever suspected. Mrs. Brisby, a widowed mouse, lives in a cinder block with her children on the Fitzgibbon farm. She is preparing to move her family out of the field they live in as plowing time approaches, however her son Timothy has fallen ill, and moving him could prove fatal. Mrs. Brisby visits The Great Owl, a wise creature who advises her to visit a mysterious group of rats who live beneath a rose bush on the farm. Upon visiting the rats, Brisby meets Nicodemus, the wise and mystical leader of the rats, and Justin, a friendly rat who immediately becomes attached to Mrs. Brisby. While there, she learns that her late husband, Mr. Jonathon Brisby, along with the rats, was a part of a series of experiments at a place known only as N.I.M.H. (revealed earlier in the story as the National Institute of Mental Health). The experiments performed on the mice and rats there boosted their intelligence, allowing them to read without being taught and to understand things such as complex mechanics and electricity. The rats and Mr. Brisby escaped from N.I.M.H. and came to live on the Fitzgibbon farm. The rats created a home for themselves under Mrs. Fitzgibbon's rose bush, creating an elaborate habitation of beautiful chambers, elevators, and Christmas lights. However, the rats are unhappy in their dependence on the humans, who they are stealing electricity from, and have concocted a plan to leave the farm and live independently. Because of her husband's prior relationship with the rats, they agree to help Mrs. Brisby move her home out of the path of the plow. However, the evil Jenner and his unwilling accomplice Sullivan, who wish to remain beneath the rose bush, yet plot to kill Nicodemus during the move. MIss Victoria It seems to Mrs. Brisby, the widowed head of a family of field mice, that her youngest son must die, either by the farmer's spring plough or of pneumonia in his flight to safety. In her quest for a cure she frees a young crow from some string in which he has foolishly tied himself, at the mercy of the farmer's cat Dragon. In return for her risking her life to save his, he takes her to the creature all birds know is the wisest: a great owl. Owls eat mice, but when this owl learns Mrs. Brisby's name he sets her on a path to earning a noble solution to her predicament - which is the secret of NIMH... Anonymous A fieldmouse named Mrs. Brisby must move her family to a safe location before the farmer plows the field where they live, but her invalid son Timmy cannot go outside due to his pneumonia. She enlists the aid of some highly intelligent, escaped lab rats that have built a subterranean society inside a rose bush near the farmer's garden. The rats, led by the wise Nicodemus, decide to help her physically move her house to repay a debt of gratitude to her late husband, who made possible the rats' escape from the laboratory. But things become complicated when some of the rats decide to use the situation to kill Nicodemus and make it appear to be accidental. Gibborino Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mrs. Brisby (Frisby in the original book) is a very shy, timid, and lonely mouse widow whose family is threatened by a premature warm spell, prompting the farmer to start his mowing early, endangering the cinder block she and her family call home. Normally she would simply pack up their things and move to a new spot in the field, but her younger son Timothy is too ill to be moved, forcing her to seek another alternative before it's too late. With the push of her local confidante, the Shrew, and the aid of a clumsy, love lorn crow named Jeremy, she goes to see the Great Owl, who, upon learning that she is the widow of a mouse named Jonathan Brisby, advises her to seek the aid of the mysterious rats who live in the rosebush outside the farmer's house. There, Mrs. Brisby learns of her deceased husband's past, and the secret of these rats, the Rats of NIMH, who agree to move her home before they abandon their underground colony for Thorn Valley, but Mrs. Brisby herself is endangered by the evil machinations of Jenner, a power hungry rat who seeks to overthrow the rats' leader Nicodemus so as to keep the rats in their underground colony, and will go so far as to endanger Mrs. Brisby's children to achieve his goals. Only Justin, the rats' gallant, Errol Flynn like captain of the guard, stands between Jenner and Mrs. Brisby, who must call upon the same courage her husband had if she is to save her family. ===================================================== Mrs Brisby is a widowed mouse who lives on a farm owned by a man named Fitzgibbons. She and her 4 children, Martin, Theresa, Cynthia and Timmy live in a cinderblock in one of Fitzgibbons' fields. Every year, before Fitzgibbons plows the field to plant his crops, the family moves to their summer home to avoid the tractor. Nearby is another mouse, Dr Ages, who is the family doctor. Brisby visits Ages to get a remedy for Timmy, who has come down with pneumonia, potentially delaying the summer move. Fitzgibbons decides one day to begin plowing the field early. Brisby desperately tries to disable the farmer's tractor and freezes while climbing up the mechanism. Auntie Shrew intervenes and pulls out the tractor's gas line, halting the machine. While Mrs Brisby sobs over her predicament, Auntie tells her to be braver for her family's sake and suggests she visit the Great Owl, the wisest creature in the forest. Brisby is hesitant, since owls eat mice, but she goes. With the help of a new found friend, Jeremy, a crow hoping to meet Miss Right, and whom Mrs Brisby untangled from a pile of string he was trapped in, she meets with the fearsome owl, who merely tells her that she must move her family. Mrs Brisby explains the complication with her son Timmy and the owl tells her he has no solution. As he leaves, he learns her last name and becomes more helpful because her husband, Jonathan, was well known and respected throughout the woods. The Owl tells Mrs Brisby to go to the colony of rats that live in the farmer's rose bush and ask them for help. He specifically tells her to have the rats move her house to "the lee of the stone", the protected side of a large rock in the field that Fitzgibbons avoids when plowing. Mrs Brisby sneaks into the rose bush and finds that the rats have built a very modern colony that makes use of electricity that they pilfer from Fitzgibbons. She also meets Dr Ages there, whom at first tells her the rose bush is off-limits but is astonished that she had met with the Great Owl and lived. They are discovered by the rats' captain of the guard, Justin, who takes them to the rats' Senate room. As they enter, a charismatic rat, Jenner, is railing to the council about the plan of the rats' leader, Nicodemus, who wants to abandon the rose bush and move to a location called Thorn Valley where they'll found a new colony based on their own labors, rather than stealing supplies from the farmer. Jenner is opposed to the idea and even suggest that they wage war against any humans who attempt to drive them out. Justin and Ages make Mrs Brisby's case to the council, who agree to the request because she is Jonathan Brisby's wife. In a sinister private meeting with his associate, Sullivan, Jenner plots to have Nicodemus killed during the operation and make it look accidental. Justin takes Mrs Brisby to meet with Nicodemus. A very old, kind and wise leader, he tells Mrs Brisby the rats' history: they were all lab animals imprisoned in NIMH, the National Institutes of Mental Health. Injected with experimental compounds, the rats developed intelligent brains and were able to escape their cages, along with several mice. During their escape, all but two of the mice, Jonathan and Mr Ages, were sucked into the ventilation system by strong air gusts. When the party were trapped by a vent grating, Jonathan was small enough to crawl through and open the grate. The rats subsequently owed Jonathan their lives and he continued to work with them while they built their colony. Some months prior to Mrs Brisby's visit to the rose bush, Jonathan had been killed by Fitzgibbons' ornery and fearsome cat, Dragon, whom the rats had been trying to drug. Nicodemus gives Brisby a large red amulet and tells her that it has great supernatural powers when someone shows true courage of the heart. Nicodemus says that the rats will be happy to repay their life debt to Jonathan's family and will move her home. For the operation to succeed, Dragon will have to be drugged. Mrs Brisby, feeling she should participate, volunteers to spike Dragon's feeding dish. The only way into Fitzgibbons' kitchen is through a small hole under a sideboard, a hole too small for any rat. The plan goes well until Mrs Brisby runs back and is trapped by Fitzgibbons' son. Justin leaves her, having to supervise the operation, promising to come back for her. While she's trapped in a bird cage, Brisby overhears Fitzgibbons on the phone with NIMH, who want to come to his farm and capture the rats. Brisby realizes the situation is now more desperate and escapes the bird cage by knocking out its small water cup. At the site of the Brisby home, the rats have constructed an elaborate system of ropes and blocks and tackles to lift the cinderblock. While the block is being swung towards the stone, Jenner cuts the anchoring lines with his sword and the block falls, narrowly missing Nicodemus, however, the heavy gears and rope fall on him, killing him. Jenner declares the operation a failure and suggests they leave when Mrs Brisby arrives. Justin tells her that her family is alive but Nicodemus is dead. She suddenly remembers her urgent news that NIMH will be at the farm tomorrow and tells the rats they must leave tonight. Jenner refuses to believe her and tells the rats that he will take over leadership of the colony. When Mrs Brisby insists she's telling the truth, Jenner strikes her and notices that she's wearing the amulet. Attempting to seize it from her, Justin intervenes and fights with Jenner until he wounds him. Jenner admits that he'd caused the accident that killed Nicodemus, saying that the plan to move the colony would fail. As he moves in to kill Justin, Sullivan kills Jenner with a thrown dagger and succumbs to his own wound, inflicted by Jenner himself when he'd given his own sword to Justin during the fight. Moments later, Mrs Brisby sees that her house has begun to sink into the mud, taking her children with it. A futile attempt to rig a new roping system fails and Brisby herself vainly pulls at the remaining ropes as the house sinks under the surface. Justin rescues her, holding her back. As she looks on in horror, the amulet suddenly bursts from the mud, brightly glowing, and places itself around her neck. Using the power that Nicodemus spoke of, she raises the house from the mud and moves it to the lee side of the stone. Brisby's children are safe and she faints from exhaustion. The next morning, with Timmy on the mend from his pneumonia and the now-abandoned rose bush being inspected by NIMH, Jeremy arrives with mounds of string that he'd been collecting to build a love nest and finds the Brisby home already moved and even camouflaged by the natural vegetation. He asks Brisby for the amulet, however, she'd given it to Justin before they'd left the rose bush. While he laments that he wasn't able to help move the house, a female crow suddenly flies into him. The two become immediately infatuated. While Brisby's daughter wraps her mother's hands which were burned by the amulet, Auntie Shrew arrives for a visit, bringing groans from Martin as Jeremy and his new love fly off. 
 Hercules (1997)651) The son of Zeus and Hera is stripped of his immortality as an infant and must become a true hero in order to reclaim it. Hercules, son of the Greek God, Zeus, is turned into a half-god, half-mortal by evil Hades, God of the Underworld, who plans to overthrow Zeus. Hercules is raised on Earth and retains his god-like strength, but when he discovers his immortal heritage Zeus tells him that to return to Mount Olympus he must become a true hero. Hercules becomes a famous hero with the help of his friend Pegasus and his personal trainer, Phil the satyr. Hercules battles monsters, Hades and the Titans, but it is his self-sacrifice to rescue his love Meg which makes him a true hero. Kristi Connolly <kristic@nlc.net.au> After the monstrous Titans were imprisoned by the powerful Zeus, a baby was born to Zeus whom he names Hercules. But when Hercules is suddenly stolen from Mt Olympus by Pain and Panic, the henchmen of the villainous Lord of the Underworld Hades, he is stripped of his godly appearance but keeps his godly strength. Raised among the mortal world as a human, Hercules is confused about where he belongs. Hercules is told that if he proves to be a true hero on Earth, his true form as a god will be restored. So he learns from a satyr named Philoctetes all the ways of being a hero. But his journey towards his return home as a god is suddenly put to a halt when he crosses paths with a beautiful Dame named Meg, who works in secret for Hades. Falling in love while defending a town, Hercules soon realizes that it is his destiny to save both the Mortal world and Mt. Olympus from Hades, who plans to overthrow Zeus to rule Olympus forever. Blazer346 Zeus, ruler of the Greek gods on Olympus, has great plans for his newborn son Hercules, but Zeus's brother Hades, whom the Fates warned the kid is destined to frustrated his plans for revenge for his banishment to rule the underworld after the Titans' defeat, sends demons Panic and Pain to magically render him mortal and eliminate the threat. Luckily the klutzes fail to do it properly, and fearing grim Hades's wrath leave the infant, whose strength was preserved, on earth. Unaware of his divine origin, Hercules is raised by Amphitryon and Alcmene, then learning his true heritage trained expertly by the satyr Philoctetes and receives from Zeus a mount for an Olympian: the flying horse Pegasus. eager to earn a place on Olympus, he champions humanity, fighting off monsters and falls in love with beautiful Meg, unaware she was sent by Hades but also falls for him. After Hercules helps defeat Hades's usurpation of Zeus's throne it's truth time for all. KGF Vissers After Zeus fights and sends the Titans to the underworld, he becomes the ruler of Mount Olympus, home of all greek gods. Hades is sent to rule the underworld, but he makes plans to throw Zeus out of Mount Olympus with the Titans' help. The three Fates warn him that his plans would be endangered if Hercules, Zeus newborn child, is still around by the time he tries to take over Mount Olympus. Hades sends Pain and Panic to turn Hercules into a mortal and kill him, but they fail in their attempt and leave him on earth with his divine strength to be raised as a human. Hercules grows up but later learns he is the son of gods, and in order to return to Mt. Olympus he must turn into a "true hero". He is trained by Phil the satyr and becomes the most famous hero in ancient Greece after battling monsters of all kinds. He even saves Mt. Olympus from Hade's take-over, but he only becomes a god again after he offers to exchange his life in order to save Meg, his love, from Hades' underworld and shows that a true hero must have a strong heart and not only physical strength. Marcos Eduardo Acosta Aldrete Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based on both the legend of Hercules and Heracles. On Mt Olympus, Zeus and his wife are celebrating the birth of their son, Hercules. The Lord of the Underworld, Hades, is also invited, though is not at all pleased with the birth of Hercules. Returning to the Underworld, Hades meets up with the 3 Fates, who tell Hades that in 18 years, when the planets align, if he unleashes the Titans (who were imprisoned by Zeus), he will defeat Zeus and rule over all. However, there is a possibility that Hercules could stop him. Hades assigns his minions, Pain and Panic, to turn Hercules mortal, and kill him. Armed with a potion, the two kidnap Hercules, and take him to Earth. Hercules drinks almost every drop except one, when a childless couple disturbs the two minions' plan. The two decide to tell Hades that they killed Hercules, but figure leaving him on Earth as a mortal will keep him from interfering in Hades' eventual plot. As Hercules is almost completely mortal, he cannot return to Mt Olympus. However, the childless couple have taken him in, and raise him as their own. However, not being completely mortal, Hercules is ostracized from the rest of society by his immense strength. As he approaches his teenage years, his father tells of how they found him, with a medallion bearing the symbol of the gods. Hercules sets off for the Temple of Zeus to find answers. Once inside the temple, the enormous statue of Zeus comes to life, first scaring Hercules, but then explaining how he is the young boy's father. Zeus then explains that if Hercules can become a True Hero, he'll be able to return to Mt Olympus and rejoin them. Zeus then provides Hercules with a winged horse named Pegasus, and sends them off to find Philoctetes. Hercules and Pegasus find Philoctetes (who is nicknamed 'Phil') on a deserted island. Having become a grouchy, old satyr, Phil is at first reluctant, but finally relents. After an intense period of training, Hercules grows from a scrawny teenager to a buff young man. At Hercules' insistence to try what he has learned, Phil, Hercules and Pegasus head for the city of Thebes, which is plagued by a number of disasters and problems. On the way there, they are sidetracked by Meg, who appears to be menaced by a centaur. Hercules grows somewhat enchanted with her, before Phil gets them back on track to Thebes. After they leave, Meg meets with Hades, and his assistants, Pain and Panic. Meg was actually trying to get the centaur to side with Hades, but claims Hercules spoiled her plans. Upon hearing this, Hades angrily grabs his assistants, realizing they have lied to him. Pain and Panic manage to convince Hades that since Hercules is mortal, they can still kill him. In Thebes, Hercules tries to convince the citizens that he is a hero, but no one is willing to believe him. Suddenly, Meg appears, and tells of two small boys trapped under a rock in a nearby canyon. Hercules saves the little boys (actually Pain and Panic in disguise), but then has to contend with the 3-headed beast called the Hydra. After finding out that cutting off one head produces 3 more, Hercules ends up crushing the beast with a rock slide. The defeat of the Hydra causes the citizens of Thebes to acknowledge Hercules as a hero, and further anger Hades. Hades continues to send beasts and creature against Hercules, but each and everyone is defeated, further making Hercules a hero in the eyes of the citizens. Statues and merchandise are soon rampant with Hercules' face, and Hercules thinks that his fame will allow him to return to Mt Olympus. However, upon visiting the Temple of Zeus again, Zeus explains to Hercules that fame does not equal heroism. When Hercules asks to know what he can do, Zeus refuses to explain further. Back in Thebes, the conversation has upset Hercules, who wonders if he even has what it takes to be a hero. While in his home, Meg appears, and gets Hercules to come with her for an evening rendezvous. However, Meg's intentions are to secretly find Hercules' weakness, but as the night goes on, she begins to find him charming. The mood is broken when Phil and Pegasus show up to take Hercules home. During the flight away, Phil ends up getting hit by a tree, and falls off Pegasus. When he comes to, he sees Meg talking to Hades, with their conversation sounding as if Meg has been two-timing Hercules. In truth, Meg refuses to go along with Hades plan, claiming that Hercules has no weakness...which leads Hades to believe that she IS that weakness. Back at Thebes Stadium, Phil tries to convince Hercules of what he saw, but Hercules angrily hits Phil. Phil, hurt by his protege's backlash, gets up and leaves. Once Phil is gone, Hades appears, and offers Hercules an ultimatum: if Hercules gives up his powers for 24 hours, Hades will allow Meg to go free, with the provision that the deal will be voided if any harm comes to her. Hercules goes through with the deal, only to have Hades then tell Hercules how Meg was working for him. Now drained of his strength, Hercules can only watch as Hades lets loose the Titans that Zeus had imprisoned years earlier. Hades sends a giant cyclops to Thebes to destroy the City. Even though Hercules is drained of his strength, he still tries to stop the creature. Fearing that he'll be killed, Meg and Pegasus find Phil, who they convince to return and help his student. With Phil's help and some ingenuity, Hercules ends up blinding and finishing off the cyclops, but in the process, Meg is gravely injured. Her injury causes Hades' deal to expire, and Hercules receives his strength back. With Phil watching over Meg, Hercules and Pegasus fly to Mt Olympus, where the Titans have all but over-powered Zeus and the other gods. Hercules helps turn the tide of battle, and ends up taking care of the Titans, and Hades angrily retreats to the Underworld. When Hercules returns to Thebes, Phil reveals that Meg has died. Upset by this, Hercues descends into the Underworld to get her back. Hercules makes a deal with Hades, that he will take Meg's place if he rescues her from the River of Death. Hades accepts the deal, sure that Hercules will die before he can save her. It seems Hercules will die, but upon reaching Meg, he suddenly begins to glow yellow, having achieved god status by risking his life to save her. Hercules manages to get Meg out of the River of Death, much to Hades ranting and protestations, several of which cause Hercules to send him flying into the river, where the dead attempt to drown him. Hercules, Pegasus, Phil and Meg then fly to Mt Olympus where the gods are waiting to welcome Hercules back, now that he has become a 'True Hero.' However, Hercules chooses to stay on Earth, but still be able to visit his family. The film ends as one of the gods creates a constellation in the sky of Hercules, making Phil swell with pride that he was able to train a legend and a god. 