nm0011719:

 One Day at a Time (19751984)Summaries The misadventures of a divorced mother, her family, and their building superintendent in Indianapolis. This sitcom follows recently divorced mother (Ann Romano) and her two teenage daughters (Barbara and Julie) as they start a new life together in Indianapolis, They are befriended by the building superintendent (Dwayne Schneider), who treats them like family. Together, these four main characters face life's challenges together. Kate Tripper It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Inside Moves (1980)Summaries Handicapped after an unsuccessful suicide attempt, a man finds common ground in the troubled souls at a local dive bar. After a failed suicide attempt leaves him partially crippled, Roary begins spending a lot of time at a neighborhood bar full of interesting misfits. When Jerry the bartender suddenly finds himself playing basketball for the Golden State Warriors, Roary and the rest of the bar regulars hope his success will provide a lift to their sagging spirits. Will Jerry forget his friends? What about his junkie hooker girlfriend and her pimp? Peter L. Blaskowski <pblask@lilly.com> Directed by Richard Donner and featuring an Oscar-nominated performance by Diana Scarwid , Inside Moves tells the inspiring story of Roary ( John Savage ), a former sports star left crippled by a failed suicide attempt. Hanging out in a neighborhood bar full of colorful misfits, Roary forges an unforgettable bond with the bartender, Jerry ( David Morse ), an injured basketball player. Together with the rest of the bar regulars, Roary sets out to help Jerry triumph over adversity and fulfill his potential, in this powerful celebration of the human spirit. Also starring Academy Award winner Harold Russell . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Manimal (1983)Summaries A man who can change himself into any animal fights crime. Jonathan Chase was a British college professor at New York University who had the unusual ability to transform into any kind of animal. He used his powers to battle crime alongside pretty policewoman Brooke and Vietnam-war pal Ty. Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Facts of Life (19791988)Summaries Mrs. Edna Garrett, the Drummonds' former housekeeper, teaches a group of girls at a boarding school how to tackle issues throughout teenage life and later adulthood. A group of girls attending a boarding school experience the joys and the trials of adolescence under the guiding hand of housemother Edna Garrett, the Drummonds' maid on Diff'rent Strokes. Later in the series, she is promoted to school dietitian, and four of the girls move into new quarters above the cafeteria. She eventually leaves the school and opens her own business, with help from the girls. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 