nm0008888:

 Cappuccetto Rosso (2007 TV Movie)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Caf Meineid (19902003)Summaries Caf Meineid Soup. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Of Light (2009 TV Movie)Summaries Ophelia is looking for death. She is desperate and tired of life. The reason: Her father passed away just some days ago. She does not accept, that he is gone and wants him back. Because of that she starts some experiments to come close to him: Je jumps from a high bridge, out of a fast driving car, but each time gets injured only a little bit. When she drinks a mix of some deadly pharmaceutical substances, she goes to sleep in a frozen lake. Here she dives in into a world of beautiful pictures, happy memories and light. Sissi Kugler It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sommerferien (1998)Summaries The Blue Fairy is the leader of the young fairies. Together with her companions, she is going to find the lost treasure. She is supported by the old wise fairies. On their travels they discover many magic secrets and get to know many different fairy clans. The various clans are specialized in various disciplines. The young fairies learn how to deal with danger, difficult situations, fights and other challenges. Sissi Kugler It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 