nm0009897:

 Drawers (2015)321) Deniz ends up in hospital and has to face the ghosts of past. She manages to discover herself and the hidden secrets in her family drawers. Deniz, 33, ends up in a hospital after a traumatic night and has to face the ghosts of her past: Soon after the divorce of her parents, she is left behind at the age of five. Her father's control on her childhood's sexual discovery, drove her into a life full of parties, men and sex. After 25 years of her painful but liberating journey and finally months of hospital recovery, she manages to discover herself and furthermore the hidden secrets in her family drawers... Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. DRAWERS examines the tormented universe of teenage sexuality through the eyes of Deniz, a Turkish girl who is born to actor parents in the early 70s, and rebels against her fathers obsessively controlling nature by throwing herself into a life full of drugs, sex and partying. This self-destructive hedonism takes its toll and Deniz end ups in hospital. Drained and alone she is finally forced to confront the demons of the past. With each new drawer that she pries open, crippling memories spring out. Will she sink under their weight or survive? Written by co-director M.Caner Alper, DRAWERS paints a stark and troubling picture of family life in Turkey, a Muslim country that prides itself on being modern yet is profoundly patriarchal. In this supremely hypocritical world only men decide what a woman can do with her body. 
 Loves with Gravity (1995)Summaries Five short stories based on 'Love' and 'Tolerance' themes. Each of the short films moves along their own lines and ultimately converges in the concepts of love and tolerance. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Yesilam: Bir Sinema Hayvani (2021 )Summaries Showcasing Turkey of the 1960s, while it follows a film producer who will tell the story of survival in Yesilcam as he experiences the golden age of Turkish cinema. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Losers of the Dark City (2000)Summaries Mine and Kursat is a married young couple. their neighbour is fall in love with Mine and he always follows her. By the way to get rid of Mine's husband, the psycho neighbour makes some plans. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 