nm0007347:

 The Twilight Zone (19851989)Summaries A collection of tales which range from comic to tragic, but often have a wicked sense of humor and an unexpected twist. An updated version of the famous 1959 television series created by Rod Serling. Each week presents one to three tales about some unusual situation that turns out to be even more unusual than initially suspected. Whether the tone of the story is horror, suspense, or humor, there is always a surprise twist at the end. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Otherworld (1985)Summaries Thrown into another dimension, a family must keep ahead of a tyrannical state's hunters while searching for a way home. The Sterling family goes on vacation to Egypt and visits one of the pyramids. However, they get lost while wandering around in the labyrithine interior of the pyramid. When they finally make it out of the pyramid, they discover that they're no longer on Earth. Instead, they've somehow been transported to another planet. And the natives (run by an autocratic dictator) aren't very friendly... Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> While exploring the Egyptian pyramids, the Sterling family become lost inside the labyrinths. After finding their way out, they find that they are in a parallel universe. The Earth they wind up on is called Thel, ruled by the Church of Artificial Intelligence, and kept in line by ruthless Zone Troopers. Making their way through the various Provinces on the planet, the Sterlings make their way toward the province of Imar, capital of Thel and home to Signpost Astrologers who may be able to help them find their way back to their universe. Brian Barjenbruch It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Us (1991 TV Movie)Summaries In 1972, Jeff Hayes was tried and convicted of killing a wife of a wealthy businessman. 18 years later, a detective reopened the case and discovers a necklace that was labeled as missing evidence and he discovers Jeff was innocent all along. Though he is pardoned and released from prison, he finds it very hard adjusting to normal life, especially with his bitter father, Jack, who originally believed him to be guilty. Jeff's wife, Ellen, who thought he died in prison, is shocked to learn that he is still alive. She has her own problems with rebellious teenage son Cary, who is at odds with her second husband, Paul. Jeff then tries to mend fences with Jack, as well as with Cary and Ellen. Kyle J. McElravy It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Alice (19761985)Summaries The misadventures and trials of an aspiring singer and her co-workers at a greasy-spoon diner. A greasy-spoon diner in Phoenix, Arizona is the setting for this long-running series. The title character, Alice Hyatt, is an aspiring singer who arrives in Phoenix with her teen-age son Tommy, after the death of her truck-driver husband. Alice is hired at a diner owned by Mel Sharples, a gravel-voiced, male-chauvinist fry cook. She waitresses at Mel's Diner while awaiting her big break. Her fellow waitresses are raucous redhead Flo and nave Vera. Flo is later replaced by Southern blonde Belle, who is soon replaced by spunky curly-haired Jolene. Alice and her friends experience several interesting years together at Mel's Diner, which is frequented by quirky truckers, repairmen, and other blue-collar types, and by several Hollywood celebrities who appear as themselves. Kevin McCorry <mmccorry@nb.sympatico.ca> After her husband Don's death, Alice Hyatt is on her way to Hollywood with son Tommy to become a singer when her car breaks down in Phoenix, Arizona. She has no money so she takes a job at Mel's Diner. Mel Sharples is a loud, cheap man who pays very little. Alice's co-workers are the man-hungry Florence (Flo) Jean Castlebury and the ditzy but lovable Vera Louise Gorman. Flo leaves for a hostess job and is replaced by Belle Dupree, another aspiring singer who only stays around for about a year before attaining her dream; she's replaced by sarcastic ex-truck-driver Jolene. Many interesting people were regular customers, such as Henry and Earl. In later seasons, Vera married to the lovable Elliot. CODY It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 