nm0003633:

 Head Games (1996 Video)Summaries A psychologist for inmates has knowledge of a secret, experimental brain implant, designed to change convicts' behavior so that they will not remember or repeat their crimes and, therefore, be able to return productively to society rather than remain in an increasing prison population. The procedure, however, suffers some imperfections: Three killers are at it again. Kim Williams <KDWms@webtv.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Any Given Sunday (1999)651) A behind-the-scenes look at the life-and-death struggles of modern-day gladiators and those who lead them. When a devastating hit knocks a professional football legend and quarterback Cap Rooney out of the game, a young, unknown third-stringer is called in to replace him. Having ridden the bench for years because of a string of bad luck stories and perhaps insufficient character, Willie Beaman seizes what may be his last chance, and lights up the field with a raw display of athletic prowess. His stunning performance over several games is so outstanding and fresh it seems to augur a new era in the history of this Miami franchise, and forces aging coach Tony D'Amato to reevaluate his time-tested values and strategies and begin to confront the fact that the game, as well as post-modern life may be passing him by. Adding to the pressure on D'Amato to win at any cost is the aggressive young President/Co-owner of the team, Christina Pagniacci, now coming into her own after her father's death. Christina's driving desire to prove herself in a male dominated world is intensified by her focus on the marketing and business of football, in which all coaches and players are merely properties. Anonymous Four years ago, the Miami Sharks won the Pantheon Cup. This year, they are at best a middling team on a three game losing streak. With a 7-5 record with four games left in the season, they are still in the hunt for a playoff spot. That playoff spot becomes more difficult to achieve as in the fourth to last game, it against the Minnesota Americans, their top two quarterbacks are injured - including veteran first stringer Cap Rooney - leaving the QB duties for the rest of the season to third string Willie Beamen, who may be more emotionally and experientially ill-prepared for the role than he is technically. That inexperience and immaturity manifest themselves in acts of showboating on the field, leading to issues between him, the other players, and thirty year head coach, Tony D'Amato, who wants to see some discipline on the field. Tony already faces problems off the field with new owner/general manager, Christina Pagniacci, the only female owner in the league. She inherited the team from her father Art Pagniacci after his passing. While Tony and Art had a gentlemen's agreement type of relationship, Christina, who grew up calling Tony "Uncle Tony", isn't afraid to flex her muscles to make the team a success, she seeing the team's coaching future in the younger offensive coordinator, Nick Crozier. Her ultimate goal is to move the team to the larger market of Los Angeles, timely in her issues with how little she has seen Miami Mayor Tyrone Smalls put into maintaining the aging stadium or that there has been no talk about replacing it. The team, however, has to be a success for her to have the money to do so. Back on the field, Cap, who believes he will be healthy enough to play in the playoffs, comes to the realization that if Willie got them to the playoffs, he may be the favored starter in the playoffs, especially seeing to Cap's time off and age. Cap's health issue is minor compared to that of linebacker Luther Lavay, which highlights the differences between the team's doctors, Harvey Mandrake and Ollie Powers who sit on opposite sides of the player welfare versus overall team success at all cost debate. Huggo A star quarterback gets knocked out of the game and an unknown third stringer is called in to replace him. The unknown gives a stunning performance and forces the aging coach to reevaluate his game plans and life. A new co-owner/president adds to the pressure of winning. The new owner must prove her self in a male dominated world. MVBD26 <mvbd26@hotmail.com> An aging football coach finds himself struggling with his personal and professional life while trying to hold his team together. A star quarterback has been knocked out of the game and a naive football player replaces him only to become exposed to the world of sports and become a danger to himself and to his players. Meanwhile, the coach finds himself constantly at battle with the team owner's money and power hungry daughter intent on moving the team out. Mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Miami Sharks, a once-great American football team, are now in turmoil and struggling to make the AFFA (Associated Football Franchises of America) playoffs in the year of 2001. They are coached by Tony D'Amato who is a thirty year veteran. During the first game shown, which is the thirteenth game of the season, both the starting quarterback Jack "Cap" Rooney (Dennis Quaid) and the second-string quarterback Tyler Cherubini are injured and forced to leave the game due to poor offensive line play in blitz pickup. (This leads to a recurring theme that "on any given Sunday, anything can happen.") The ailing and increasingly desperate Sharks are forced to call upon third-string quarterback and former seventh-round draft pick Willie Beamen (Jamie Foxx). Beamen is visibly nervous and makes a number of errors illustrating his lack of knowledge regarding the team's playbook. During one play he lines up under the guard instead of the center, and he later in the game he audibles to a play which does not exist. He throws up in the huddle, which begins a ritual that he follows every game, reminiscent of Hall of Fame Buffalo Bills quarterback Jim Kelly. While the Sharks lose this game by a small margin, Beamen plays well and gains confidence. During the next game Beamen begins to get comfortable with the game and quickly learns the offense. However, he dislikes the Sharks' conservative offense and much to the dismay of both Coach Tony D'Amato (Al Pacino). Beaman begins to change the plays in the huddle, not realizing the disrespect this shows to his coaches. Beamen displays his raw athletic talent and starts to run and pass extremely successfully and leads the sharks to the playoffs after winning the last three of the last four games of the season, bringing the Sharks to 9-7 on the year. Beaman's new found success results in a growing narcissism and arrogance. He becomes "Steamin'" Willie Beamen, the new poster boy for the AFFA, and receives numerous lucrative advertisement deals, including a music video. His new-found success, and inability to handle it, leads to tension within the Sharks locker room and the front office. D'Amato confronts Beamen to ask why he has been changing the plays, to which Beaman responds selfishly. After displaying to D'Amato that Beamen is not capable of leading the team, D'Amato tells Beamen that it is likely that 'Cap' Rooney will probably be fit and available for the playoffs, demoting Beamen back to the bench. Beaman fails to understand the team concept as he is filled with self-pity about how his career has been until he got a chance to play. A rift forms between Beaman and D'Amato after D'Amato tells him just how far he still has to go to fulfill his potential and lead the team. After learning of his demotion he alienates the rest of the team, to the point that he gets his car sawed in half at a party, and the Sharks are blown out at home in a game that could have given the Sharks home field advantage in the playoffs. Beaman contemplates and amends his selfish behavior. In the final game, Miami manages a come-from-behind win in the final seconds against the Dallas Knights, winning the first round of the playoffs. The final game sees Cap return to start as quarterback and he plays strongly until being injured by a hit. His replacement, Beaman, apologizes for his actions to the team in the huddle on the game-winning drive. Off-screen, Miami beats Minnesota for their conference championship and then loses to San Francisco in the Pantheon Cup Championship 32-13 (reminiscent of Super Bowl XIX). At D'Amato's final press conference as head coach, all feuds have been resolved or at least put on hold and he leaves on a positive note, being thanked by owner Christina Pagniacci (Cameron Diaz) and the media for his contributions to the team. D'Amato is then expected to announce his retirement, but then drops a bombshell and announces that he has been hired as Head Coach and General Manager of the expansion team Albuquerque Aztecs. He adds that he signed Willie Beamen as his starting quarterback and franchise player, after the Sharks refused to extend Beamen's expiring contract mid-season. As the scene ends, Christina and the other executives are angrily asking Crozier how he could have let Beamen finish the season without re-signing him to a longer contract for the Sharks. Despite the initial hysteria among the media and owners, the general consensus is that this is the best solution because D'Amato and Crozier (backed by Christina) cannot co-exist. This would also possibly allow Cap Rooney to remain Miami's starting quarterback for the next season and retire on his own terms, instead of risking being demoted to backup. 
 Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (1999 )541) This series follows the Special Victims Unit, a specially trained squad of detectives in the N.Y.P.D., who investigate sexually related crimes. In the criminal justice system, sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous. In New York City, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as the Special Victims Unit. These are their stories. John Craig Based out of the New York City Police Department's 16th precinct in Manhattan, Law and Order: Special Victims Unit delves into the dark side of the New York underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit (SVU for short), investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes including rape, pedophilia, and domestic violence. They also investigate the abuses of children, the disabled and elderly victims of non-sexual crimes who may require special handling, all while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own personal lives. Its stories also touch on the political and societal issues associated with gender identity, sexual preferences, and equality rights. While the victim is often murdered, this is not always the case, and victims frequently play prominent roles in episodes. The unit also works with the Manhattan District Attorney's Office Sex Crimes Bureau as they prosecute cases and seek justice for SVU's victims and survivors with precision and a passion to win and bring closure to the intense investigations. The series often uses stories that are "ripped from the headlines" or based on real crimes. Such episodes take a real crime and fictionalize it by changing some details. This show delves into the dark side of the New York City underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit, investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes, while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own lives. Brian Barjenbruch Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based out of the New York City Police Department's 16th precinct in Manhattan, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit delves into the dark side of the New York underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit (SVU for short), investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes including rape, pedophilia, and domestic violence. They also investigate the abuses of children, the disabled and elderly victims of non-sexual crimes who may require special handling, all while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own personal lives. Its stories also touch on the political and societal issues associated with gender identity, sexual preferences, and equality rights. While the victim is often murdered, this is not always the case, and victims frequently play prominent roles in episodes. The unit also works with the Manhattan District Attorney's Office Sex Crimes Bureau as they prosecute cases and seek justice for SVU's victims and survivors with precision and a passion to win and bring closure to the intense investigations. The series often uses stories that are "ripped from the headlines" or based on real crimes. Such episodes take a real crime and fictionalize it by changing some details. Originally the show focused around the detective pairing of Elliot Stabler (played by Christopher Meloni ) and Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay ). Stabler is a seasoned veteran of the unit who has seen it all and tries his best to protect his family from the horrors he sees every day. His partner Benson's difficult past as the child of a rape victim is the reason she joined the unit. The series also focused on the secondary detective pairing of John Munch (played by Richard Belzer ) and Brian Cassidy (played by Dean Winters ). Munch is a veteran of the job as a transfer from Baltimore's homicide unit, who brings his acerbic wit, conspiracy theories, and street-honed investigative skills whilst Cassidy is new to the job is young but eager to learn from his fellow detectives. Both Benson/Stabler and Munch/Cassidy often received support from Detectives Monique Jeffries (played by Michelle Hurd ) and Ken Briscoe (played by Chris Orbach ). However, when Cassidy transferred to Narcotics after just thirteen episodes in, Jeffries was then partnered with Munch for the remainder of Season One and Briscoe was eventually phased out. At the beginning of season two, Munch was then permanently partnered with Detective Odafin "Fin" Tutuola (played by Ice-T ), whose unique yet sometimes vulgar sense of humor and investigative experience make him a formidable match for Munch. In Season 13, there were big cast changes happening with Stabler having retired in the aftermath of the Season 12 finale, until he reappears in season 22, leading him to join NYPD's Organized Crime Control Bureau. Detectives Nick Amaro and Amanda Rollins joined the team filling the void left by Stabler. Amaro brought empathy to his cases while dealing with stressful home life, while Rollins had dogged persistence and instincts to help her close cases, but also secrets that could derail her career. Season 16 was another period of change with the introduction of Dominick "Sonny" Carisi, Jr ( Peter Scanavino ) at the beginning and leaving of Amaro at the end. Carisi brought a fresh outlook and distinctive style of investigation to the squad and was training to be a lawyer. Following Carisi's move to the DA's office in season 21, Vice Officer Katriona "Kat" Tamin (played by Jamie Gray Hyder ) joined the team after assisting on several cases, eventually getting promoted to detective. At the start of season 23, Tamin and Garland both resign from the NYPD after becoming disillusioned with the system's failures and systematic bias within the department, with Tamin being replaced by Detective Joe Velasco (played by Octavio Pisano ). These detectives were supervised by veteran Captain Donald Cragen (played by Dann Florek ) who oversaw the team for seasons 1-15. Cragen's tough but supportive approach to the team's complex cases guides the squad through the challenges they face every day. During season 15, both Munch and Cragen retired from the NYPD, leaving Benson, after being promoted to Sergeant, to take control of the unit; she would later be promoted to Lieutenant at the start of season 17 and then Captain at the start of season 21. Also introduced in season 16 was Deputy Chief William Dodds (played by Peter Gallagher ), who served as commanding officer for the Special Victims Units in all five boroughs of New York. Dodds also departed the series at the start of the season, allowing new deputy chief Christian Garland (played by Demore Barnes ) to take his place. Dodds' son Mike (played by Andy Karl ) transferred into Special Victims as Sergeant in season 17, becoming Benson's second-in-command until his death at the end of the season; Fin later passes the Sergeant's exam during season 18 and is officially promoted in Mike's place in season 19. Also on the team's payroll is former FBI Special Agent Dr. George Huang (played by BD Wong ) and Medical Examiner Dr. Melinda Warner (played by Tamara Tunie ). From Season 4 Huang became the resident psychiatrist for the Special Victims Unit, Huang helps keep the officers sane in a field that could drive ordinary people mad. He has also served as the squad's resident criminal profiler, and his insights into the criminal mind have often helped the officers to crack the toughest perps, while Warner has become an integral part of the Manhattan Special Victims Unit, and her personal skills have contributed to the unit's high success rate in closing cases. Huang and Warner would both depart at the end of season 12 after being reassigned to Oklahoma City, but has returned for occasional guest appearances. The Special Victims Unit did not receive a full-time assistant district attorney until season two when Alexandra Cabot (played by Stephanie March ) was assigned to work with the detectives. After Cabot's departure in season five, she was replaced by Casey Novak (played Diane Neal ), who remained as the A.D.A. until the end of season nine. Kim Greylek (played by Michaela McManus ) became the permanent A.D.A. in the season ten premiere until Cabot made a return midway through that season when Greylek departed. Cabot remained the A.D.A. through the second half of season eleven. After Cabot's departure, the A.D.A. void was filled by Sonya Paxton (played by Christine Lahti ) and Jo Marlowe (played by Sharon Stone ) until the conclusion of season eleven. Gillian Hardwicke (played by Melissa Sagemiller ) served as the SVU ADA during season twelve. In season thirteen, both Cabot and Novak returned as ADAs. From the beginning of season fourteen, ADA Rafael Barba (played by Ral Esparza ) was SVU's prosecutor, until leaving halfway through season nineteen. Chicago Justice's Peter Stone (played by Philip Winchester ) became SVU's ADA after Chicago Justice (2017) was canceled after only one season. In the season 21 premiere, Carisi eventually became the SVU's ADA after finally passing the bar and becoming a lawyer. 
 Searching for Bobby D (2005)Summaries Four young filmmakers raise money for their project by telling potential investors that DeNiro is on board. Now they have to find him... Searching for Bobby D is a comedy about four New Yorkers, the film's star Johnny Argano, Tommy, Mike, and the only non-Italian in the group Jerome who are all stuck getting the worst parts as New York actors. They are all sick of it and want to move up in the world. But things begin to look up when Johnny's cousin Leo says a rich guy in Pennsylvania loves movies and would be willing to put up some money for the film for which Johnny has written a script. Desperate, the boys decide to take a road trip down to Pennsylvania, but soon enough the boys come to realize Leo is still a complete goof and that he's told their potential investor that Robert Deniro has signed on to appear in the film. KipWellsFan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 