nm0003680:

 Kingdom of Heaven (2005)431) Balian of Ibelin travels to Jerusalem during the Crusades of the 12th century, and there he finds himself as the defender of the city and its people. It is the time of the Crusades during the Middle Ages -- the world-shaping 200-year collision between Europe and the East. A blacksmith named Balian has lost his family and nearly his faith. The religious wars raging in the far-off Holy Land seem remote to him, yet he is pulled into that immense drama. Amid the pageantry and intrigues of medieval Jerusalem, he falls in love, grows into a leader, and ultimately uses all his courage and skill to defend the city against staggering odds. Destiny comes seeking Balian in the form of a great knight, Godfrey of Ibelin, a Crusader briefly home to France from fighting in the East. Revealing himself as Balian's father, Godfrey shows him the true meaning of knighthood and takes him on a journey across continents to the fabled Holy City. In Jerusalem at that moment--between the Second and Third Crusades--a fragile peace prevails, through the efforts of its enlightened Christian king, Baldwin IV, aided by his advisor Tiberias, and the military restraint of the legendary Muslim leader Saladin Ayubi. But Baldwin's days are numbered, and strains of fanaticism, greed, and jealousy among the Crusaders threaten to shatter the truce. King Baldwin's vision of peace--a kingdom of heaven--is shared by a handful of knights, including Godfrey of Ibelin, who swear to uphold it with their lives and honor. As Godfrey passes his sword to his son, he also passes on that sacred oath: to protect the helpless, safeguard the peace, and work toward harmony between religions and cultures, so that a kingdom of heaven can flourish on earth. Balian takes the sword and steps into history. Sujit R. Varma In 1184, French village blacksmith Balian just lost his wife through suicide grief-stricken by their child's death; the crusader Lord Godfrey, Baron of Ibelin, reveals himself as Balian's father and offers him a crusader life, which the youngster spontaneously rejects but after the local priest taunts him 'till his sword strikes fatally accepts, fleeing the French bishop's bloody justice and seeking divine forgiveness as promised to crusaders in Jerusalem. On the way, Balian is instructed the skills of war and chivalric honor code and dubbed a knight in Messina by his father, who was fatally wounded fighting off the bishop's men. After shipwreck on the Levantine coast, Balian soon proves himself a superior knight as fighter and noble idealist in the loyal service of leper King Baldwin, whose pragmatic right hand, the Count of Tiberias, fails to convince Balian the ruthless knight Reynald de Chatillon and his traitorous master, candidate-heir to the throne Guy de Lusignan, must be stopped by all means before they plunge the crusader kingdom in a fatal war against the noble, militarily far superior Saracen King Saladin. When Tiberias is proven right, he leaves for Cyprus, brave Balian stays to defend besieged Jerusalem against impossible odds. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the film begins, a title card opens the story, detailing its setting and historical backgrounds: "It is almost one hundred years since Christian armies from Europe seized Jerusalem. Europe suffers in the grip of repression and poverty. Peasant and lord alike flee to the Holy Land in search of fortune or salvation. One Knight returns home in search of his son." In a remote village in France in 1184, Balian ( Orlando Bloom ), a blacksmith and former warrior, is haunted by his wife's (Nathalie Cox) recent suicide after losing their unborn child. He is also shunned by nearly all of the villagers, except for the lord of the village, the lord Bishop, and his blacksmith apprentice. One day, a group of Crusaders arrive at the small village and one of them approaches Balian, introducing himself as his father, Baron Godfrey of Ibelin ( Liam Neeson ). Godfrey, asks Balian to return with him to Jerusalem. Balian refuses and the Crusaders leave. The town priest ( Michael Sheen ), Balian's younger and corrupt half-brother, attempts to claim Balian's property. To achieve this, he reveals that he had arranged for the Crusaders to come and take Balian away with them and ordered Balian's wife beheaded before burial (a customary practice in those times for people who committed suicide which would prevent them from ascending to Heaven), in an attempt to convince Balian to leave to the Holy Land. During the encounter, Balian, finally fed up with his half-brother and outraged by the revelation of the beheading of his late wife, kills him. It's also reveled throughout the film that Balian is a typically non-violent person, using violence to protect the innocent people and and in self-defense, but it was in that moment of the film where he had reached his breaking point and killed his half-brother out of rage for him and his decision to mutilate his dead wife's body. Balian, then, follows after his father in the hope of gaining forgiveness and redemption for him and his wife. After he catches up to his father, Godfrey instructs him in swordsmanship. Then, soldiers sent by Godfrey's brother and led by Godfrey's nephew arrive to arrest Balian. Godfrey refuses to hand him over and during the subsequent fight most of Godfrey's men are killed and Godfrey himself is mortally wounded. It was revealed earlier in the film that Godfrey's brother and nephew plan to kill him and his men, in order to claim the title of Baron of Ibelin for themselves. In Messina, Godfrey knights Balian and orders him to serve the King of Jerusalem and protect the helpless then succumbs to his injuries. On Balian's journey to Jerusalem, his ship is run aground by a storm, leaving Balian and a horse as the survivors of the wreck. When Balian releases the horse from the wreckage it flees in panic. Tracking the horse into the desert, Balian is confronted by a Muslim cavalier and his servant. A fight over possession of the horse follows and Balian slays the horseman, but spares the servant, asking him to guide him to Jerusalem. Upon their arrival in Jerusalem, Balian gives the horse to the servant and releases him. The man then tells him his slain master was an important knight amongst the Saracens. After being accepted as the new Lord of Ibelin by Godfrey's retainers, Balian soon becomes acquainted with the main players in Jerusalem's political arena: the leper King Baldwin IV, Tiberias ( Jeremy Irons ), Marshall of Jerusalem, Princess Sibylla, King Baldwin IV's sister, and Guy de Lusignan ( Marton Csokas ), Sibylla's arrogant, prejudiced, and scheming husband, who supports the anti-Muslim activities. It is revealed is Sibylla is unhappily married to Guy, after having been made aware of his true nature. As a man who is obsessed with attaining glory and fortune for himself, it is implied that in his ruthless climb to prominence in the royal court and also to the throne of Jerusalem, Guy only married Sibylla for the purpose to be next in line to rule as King of Jerusalem, rather than for out of genuine love for her. He could even kill Siyblla's own son from her previous marriage in order to ensure that he would be King immediately and also in response to Siyblla doing something that would jeopardize his plans. He is determined to rule after Baldwin's death and seeks to provoke a war that will allow him to dispose of the Muslims and claim the Kingdom for the Christians. As the new Baron of Ibelin, Balian settles in his new land of Ibelin. Using his skills as a blacksmith, he earns the respect of his knights and subjects by building an irrigation system. Sibylla travels to meet him, and the two become secret lovers. Guy and his co-conspirator Raynald of Chtillon ( Brendan Gleeson ) massacre a Muslim trade caravan with the aid of the Templars. Saladin, leader of the Muslim forces attacks Kerak, Raynald's castle, to bring him to account for his crime. Balian decides to protect the villagers as they attempt to enter the castle from Saladin's cavalry. Though outnumbered, Balian and his knights charge Saladin's cavalry, allowing the villagers time to flee to the castle; Balian's knights are soon defeated resulting in their capture. In the enemy camp, Balian encounters the 'servant' he freed, Imad ad-Din, learning he is actually Saladin's Chancellor, who then releases Balian to enter Kerak. Saladin arrives with his army to besiege Kerak and King Baldwin IV approaches with his. The two rulers successfully negotiate a Muslim retreat and Baldwin swears that he will punish Raynald for his crimes. The exertion of these events cause Baldwin to collapse, weakened beyond recovery. Baldwin asks Balian to marry Sybilla ( Eva Green ), knowing that the pair have affection for each other, but Balian refuses to be associated with the necessary murder of Guy. After Baldwin dies, Sibylla's six-year-old son Baldwin V becomes King of Jerusalem. It quickly becomes apparent that he is also infected with leprosy. Grief-stricken and unwilling to condemn her son to a life behind a mask, Sibylla gives him poison. Sibylla succeeds her son and names Guy King of Jerusalem. Guy releases Raynald asking him to give him a war, which Raynald does by murdering Saladin's sister. When Saladin sends an emissary to demand the return of his sister's body, the heads of those responsible, and the surrender of Jerusalem, Guy answers by decapitating the emissary and sending his head back to Damascus. In 1187, council war is agreed upon "because God wills it" and against sound advice they march into the desert away from adequate water supplies to fight Saladin, leaving Jerusalem unguarded except for Balian, his knights, and the townspeople. Saladin's army attacks the Crusader army near to the city of Hattin, and at the Battle of Hattin, the Crusader army is annihilated. Guy and Raynald are captured; Saladin executes Raynald, and then marches on Jerusalem, sparing Guy out of tradition but stating that he is not worthy of this. Back at Jerusalem, Balian prepares the defenses, challenging the Patriarch's advice to flee, and then knights a number of men-at-arms because "making a man a knight makes him a better fighter." Knowing they cannot defeat the Saracens, they hope hold their enemies off long enough for the Saracens to offer terms and, in the process, remaining true to himself and showing the example of his late father, Godfrey, inspires the people within the city with the importance of consciousness, humanity, heroism, inclusion of people outside of their Christian faith, performing acts of goodness that God desires for them to do, and the ideal of being anything they want to be that others denied them of before. After three days and having proven their resolve, Saladin offers terms: Balian surrenders Jerusalem when Saladin offers all the inhabitants safe passage to Christian lands. Balian points out that when the Crusaders conquered Jerusalem a hundred years previously, they massacred the Muslim inhabitants, but Saladin assures him that he is "not those men". After considering his terms and reflecting on everything that had happened, he surrendered Jerusalem to Saladin. As the two begin to return back to their respective sides, Balian stops and asks Saladin, "What is Jerusalem worth?" He stops, replies "Nothing", and returned walking back to the Muslims. His comment meant that Jerusalem as a city is worth "nothing". As Saladin continues walking back, he stops again, looks at Balian, and delivers his second answer, "Everything." His second answer meant that he believes that Jerusalem is worth "everything" to everyone, where, although they may belong to a different religious faith, they are bound together their shared faith and devotion to God and can live together in peace and harmony as friends or as a family. Satisfied with his answers, Balian returns back to Jerusalem. As he returns to the city, Balian tells the inhabitants Saladin's terms and that all will be safely escorted to the sea. Furthermore, he says "if this is the kingdom of Heaven, let God do with it what He will". The people inside the city cheered and celebrated for Balian and the promise of living a kingdom of Heaven anywhere they go with anyone they'll meet, Christian or no. Afterwards, Balian encounters Sybilla and tells her that her brother's kingdom was in his head and his heart (reflecting back to the moral teachings of her brother and the Knight Hospitaller), which can never be surrendered and lost. Sybilla asks him what she'll do now, since that she is still the Queen of several cities outside of Jerusalem. Balian suggests for her to renounce her claim as Queen and if she does, he will come for her and they'll go away together. As the Christians were getting ready to leave the city, the disgraced and humiliated Guy, after having been released by Saladin, confronts Balian one last time and challenges him to a fight. Balian defeats and ultimately spares him. Defeated, Guy, now with nothing left to lose, begs Balian to kill him. He ultimately spares him and said: "When you rise again... if you rise... rise a knight." As the Christians leave the city, Balian bids farewell to his Christian and Muslim friends. Imad returns the horse to Balian, saying it was not a good horse anyway and asks him if God didn't love Balian, how could he have accomplished so much. They wish each other peace in the other's language. While Balian said his farewells to his friends, Saladin and the Muslims settle in their new home. Saladin's forces destroy many of the Christian books and replace the cross on the top of the church with a crescent. Privately, Saladin is shown refusing to step on the stones carved with crucifixes, and later picks up a cross and gently puts it back on a table. In the marching column of Christian citizens, Balian finds Sibylla, who has renounced her claim as Queen of Jerusalem and other cities and also has officially separated from Guy. They hold each other's hands, as they smile at each other and walking towards to the sea. Balian returns back to his village in France. As he walks around his house, he reflects on how much time has passed by and how much he is now a reborn man. Then, a column of English knights ride through the village, looking for Balian, whose legendary reputation has spread throughout Europe as the defender of Jerusalem. Balian replies that he is the blacksmith, and the man identifies himself as King Richard I of England, and they are commencing a new Crusade to retake Jerusalem from Saladin. Balian responds that he is still the blacksmith and Richard and his knights rides off. Balian is joined by Sybilla, and passing by the grave of Balian's wife, they leave the village for good and ride towards a new life together. An epilogue states the following: "The King, Richard the Lionheart, went on to the Holy Land and crusaded for three years. His struggle to regain Jerusalem ended in an uneasy true with Saladin. Nearly a thousand years later, peace in the Kingdom of Heaven remains elusive." 
 The Lobster (2015)651) In a dystopian near future, single people, according to the laws of The City, are taken to The Hotel, where they are obliged to find a romantic partner in forty-five days or are transformed into beasts and sent off into The Woods. A love story set in a dystopian near future where single people are arrested and transferred to a creepy hotel. There they are obliged to find a matching mate in 45 days. If they fail, they are transformed into an animal and released into the woods. R. Byma Set in a dystopian, future, single people are sent to a hotel where they must find a partner in 45 days or get turned into a wild animal of their choice. David's wife has just left him, after 11 years of marriage, and he is sent the hotel. His chosen animal, should he not find a partner, is a lobster. grantss In a dystopian society, David, whose wife has just left him, is sent to the hotel for singles in the country. The strict hotel rules are meant, in a clinical fashion, to foster love, as everyone in this society, straight or gay, is to be paired up romantically. There are harsh punishments for anyone breaking the rules. And like the others, if David does not find love at the hotel within forty-five days, he will be surgically transformed into the animal of his own choice - David's being a lobster - this transformation not meant to be a punishment but rather another opportunity to find love as another species. Bob, the dog that David brings to the hotel, was in fact David's brother in his human life. David will discover that his search for love is dependent on the other people at the hotel, each who has his or her own agenda in what to do if true love cannot be found within their time limit. Unaware of it upon his arrival at the hotel, David will also learn that there are a bunch of anarchists who live in the woods, many of those being escapees from the hotel. The anarchists do not tolerate coupling in any form within their group, except as a ruse whenever they need to assimilate themselves into city life. But as one cannot automatically turn on the emotional taps to find true love at the hotel, one cannot automatically turn those taps off if being among the anarchists. Huggo Only a short period of forty-five days separates the chronically unattached and the recently single from a swift and inescapable transformation into one's preferred animal, in a bleak dystopia where the laws of attraction are a matter of life or death. Inevitably, as the freshly dumped architect, David, enters the luxurious rehabilitation facility--the Hotel--he, too, has to find a suitable mate or a dangerously insecure future into the wild awaits. There, a new set of rules govern the seditious individuals who chose personal liberty over serious commitment; however, what happens if love creeps into the otherwise impregnable community of self-exiled loners? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the near future in what is presumably Ireland, the film opens with a woman driving down a road until she reaches a field with two small donkeys. She gets out of her car and shoots one of the donkeys until it is dead. We meet David (Colin Farrell) as he checks into the Hotel with his brother, who has been turned into a dog. In the City, people are given 45 days to find a romantic partner or else they are to be turned into an animal of their choice. David meets with the Hotel Manager (Olivia Colman) and says he would like to be turned into a lobster since they live to be 100 years. During breakfast, David observes three women - the Heartless Woman (Angeliki Papoulia), who is said to have no emotions; the Biscuit Woman (Ashley Jensen), who is always seen with a small pack of biscuits; and the Nosebleed Woman (Jessica Barden). David becomes acquainted with two men - Robert (John C. Reilly), who speaks with a lisp; and John (Ben Whishaw), who walks with a limp. Later, during an assembly, John is called up to speak. He says that his father left his mother for another woman, and so she was turned into a wolf and brought to live in a zoo. He would visit her enclosure until he climbed in to give her a hug. The other wolves attacked him, leaving him with his limp, but two wolves stayed still, and he figured one of them was his mother. Throughout their stay, the singles attend dances to meet one another. They are also given extra time by going on hunts and finding "Loners" in the woods to tranquilize. The Heartless Woman is said to be the best hunter due to her cold and unfeeling nature. On the bus ride to the hunt, David sits next to the Biscuit Woman, who propositions him and then says she may jump out the window of her room. Masturbation is restricted at the hotel, and so the men can only receive moderate sexual stimulation (without orgasm) from the Maid (Ariane Labed). The Hotel Manager finds out that Robert was masturbating repeatedly, and she forces him to have his fingers burnt in a toaster as punishment. Meanwhile, John pursues the Nosebleed Woman by faking a nosebleed problem by banging his face against something. They eventually fall in love and are moved to a bigger room for the two of them. The Biscuit Woman jumps out her window and is left on the ground, bleeding and screaming in agony. David approaches the Heartless Woman and makes brash comments regarding the Biscuit Woman's demise. They then go into a jacuzzi together. The Heartless Woman pretends to choke on an olive from her martini and when David doesn't try to help her, she decides they are a good match. The two are then moved into the bigger bedroom, though David must continue pretending to be as heartless as she is. They run into John and the Nosebleed Woman, along with a little girl named Elizabeth (Laoise Murphy) assigned to be their daughter. John tells Elizabeth to give David a kiss, but he responds by kicking her in the shin so she can limp like her dad. One morning, the Heartless Woman tells David she killed his brother by kicking him repeatedly. She has blood on her leg. David pretends to be unmoved, but when he sees the dead dog in the bathroom, he starts crying, and the Heartless Woman slaps him for lying. She goes to tell the Hotel Manager, but, with help from the Maid, David tranquilizes the Heartless Woman and drags her into the transformation room to be turned into an unknown animal. David flees from the Hotel and goes into the woods where he meets a group of Loners; a rebel group against the establishment. The Loner Leader (Lea Seydoux) welcomes David, but tells him that any romantic interaction is forbidden and is punishable. David sees one man with bandages on his mouth. He is told that the man was given "the red kiss", in which he had his lips cut off, along with another woman who suffered the same fate, and they were forced to kiss each other. The worse punishment is said to be "the red intercourse", which one can only imagine as to how it goes. During his stay there, David falls for the Short-Sighted Woman (Rachel Weisz) (who narrates her encounters with David). He wins her over by catching and killing rabbits, and then cooking them in a way specific to her liking. David also encounters Robert, who wants to shoot him and bring him back to the Hotel, but the Short-Sighted Woman knocks him out. The Loners take weekly trips into the city pretending to be couples. David is paired with the Short-Sighted Woman, and they are able to go by as a real couple without trouble. It is also revealed that the Maid is working with the Loner Leader and gathering information from the Hotel. One night, the Loners break into the Hotel while David boards a yacht that John and his new family are in. David tries to break them up, but neither of them want to hear what he has to say, and he leaves the yacht. In the Hotel, the Loner Leader goes into the room of the Hotel Manager and her husband. She holds the Manager at gunpoint and asks her husband if he loves her. He says yes, but when given a gun to shoot her, the husband pulls the trigger, but the gun is empty. The Loners leave the two alone. The Loner Leader notices how close David and the Short-Sighted Woman have become. She then discovers the woman's journal and reads about her plan to escape with David into the City. The Loner Leader and the Maid take the Short-Sighted Woman into the City to have an operation that they claim will cure her vision, but in reality, they have her blinded. The woman is left to defend herself with a knife, which the other two women try to take away from her, but the woman stabs the Maid and leaves her to die. The Short-Sighted Woman eventually tells David about what the Loner Leader did to her. He is unsettled, but decides that he wants to stay with her, and helps her out with her other senses of touch and smell. Later, David attacks the Loner Leader and ties her up. He throws her in an open grave and leaves her to the mercy of some wild dogs. David and the Short-Sighted Woman flee into the City. They go into a restaurant and sit together for a while. David goes into the bathroom and takes a knife with which he attempts to blind himself. We never find out if he goes through with it. 
 The Martian (2015)651) An astronaut becomes stranded on Mars after his team assume him dead, and must rely on his ingenuity to find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive and can survive until a potential rescue. During a manned mission to Mars, Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies, he must draw upon his ingenuity, wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive. Millions of miles away, NASA and a team of international scientists work tirelessly to bring "the Martian" home, while his crewmates concurrently plot a daring, if not impossible, rescue mission. As these stories of incredible bravery unfold, the world comes together to root for Watney's safe return. 20th Century Fox During their mission in Mars, a team of astronauts is hit by an unpredicted storm and have to abort their mission and leave for Earth. During the evacuation one of the crew members, Mark Watney, is hit by a projectile due to the storm and is thrown away. The crew is forced to leave him thinking he died due to rupture in his space suit. However Mark survives and now has to find ingenious ways to make it till the next scheduled Mars mission fours years later with the remaining meagre supplies. Being a botanist he manages to cultivate food and survives by scavenging parts of previous missions. NASA soon learns about him and attempts a daring and dangerous mission to bring him back. Will they succeed in bringing him back alive? Only time will tell. Keith Francis After an exploratory mission goes awry, lone astronaut Mark Watney is left for dead on the hostile surface of Mars and must use his scientific ingenuity to homestead an enclosed habitat where he can survive. Meanwhile, the astronauts he left behind realize the severity of his plight and join forces with an international coalition of scientists to launch a rescue mission in defiance of NASA protocol.. In a not-so-distant 2035, the intrepid crew of the Ares III expedition safely lands on the arid red landscape of the distant planet Mars. However, when a sudden space-storm forces them to abort the ambitious mission, the injured botanist, Mark Watney, finds himself marooned on the Red Planet, left for dead by friends and colleagues. All alone on a lifeless rock--140 million miles away from Earth, and in the face of limited resources--the stranded astronaut must do everything in his power to survive, as unexpected satellite photos prove that Mark is still alive. Now, NASA's brilliant minds need to come up with an effective solution. Will the brave "Martian" return home? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the landing site of the shuttle Ares III, Acidalia Planitia, Mars, at a time in the near future, the crew of the Hermes; including Commander Melissa Lewis ( Jessica Chastain ), botanist Mark Watney ( Matt Damon ), IT guru Beth Johanssen ( Kate Mara ), pilot Rick Martinez ( Michael Pea ), flight surgeon Chris Beck ( Sebastian Stan ), and navigator and chemist Alex Vogel ( Aksel Hennie ); are gathering samples before re-entering their living facility, the HAB. The crew learns that a storm is approaching. The storm's intensity and high winds lead Commander Lewis to order a mission abort. Watney argues for waiting it out and brings up the rear as the crew heads toward the MAV (Mars Ascent Vehicle), the ship that will take them back to the orbiting Hermes, in their suits. Heavy winds and sand gusts surround them. A satellite dish breaks off and strikes Watney, knocking him out of sight of the rest of the crew. Lewis tries to guide the others to find Watney, but visibility is very poor and the storm is way too strong for them. They head back into the MAV without Watney and lift off. The pilot, Martinez, is barely able to keep the rocket from toppling but the launch from the planet is successful. Back on Earth, NASA Director Teddy Sanders ( Jeff Daniels ) holds a press conference to announce that while the Hermes crew succeeded in leaving Mars, Mark Watney was lost, and he is declared dead. Watney wakes up on Mars on what is Sol 21 (mission day 21) after the storm has passed. His oxygen is depleting rapidly, so he makes his way back to the habitat station. He's been impaled by part of an antenna, which still protrudes from his abdomen; the combination of the antenna and his own blood sealed the suit just enough to keep most of his air from leaking out. In a painful procedure, Watney pulls the antenna out, uses forceps to fish out a piece that broke off in the wound, then staples the wound shut. He sits down to make a video log, where he outlines the situation: he's alive, but he can't contact Earth or Hermes; it'll be four years before the next manned mission is launched; and with the food supply in the habitat meant for him and the other five crew members, he has almost a year's worth of food, or a little longer if he rations. Therefore, Watney determines that he has to grow three years' worth of food on a planet where nothing grows. Luckily for him, he's a botanist and devises a plan to grow potatoes. At NASA in Houston, Texas, Sanders has just returned from a memorial service for Mark Watney, where he spoke about Watney's dedication to exploration. Mars Mission Director Vincent Kapoor ( Chiwetel Ejiofor ) talks to Sanders about getting satellite time to locate Watney's body. Sanders refuses on the grounds that the satellite feeds are public and broadcasting pictures of Watney's corpse would be a political and budgetary disaster for NASA. Later, engineer Mindy Park ( Mackenzie Davis ) meets with Kapoor after she discovers evidence of activity in satellite photos of the Ares III site (low-resolution images apparently taken in a routine fly-by): the solar panels have been cleaned and the rover has moved. They bring in Sanders and Director of Media Relations Annie Montrose ( Kristen Wiig ) to show them that Watney is still alive. A few sols (Martian days) later, inside the habitat, Watney has planted potatoes using Martian soil and vacuum-sealed packets of the crew's feces as fertilizer (to his disgust). Needing more water for the potato crop, he burns hydrazine rocket fuel; a byproduct of the reaction is water. On his first attempt to ignite the hydrazine, he causes a moderate explosion, singeing his clothing and hair. Watney notes that this explosive tendency is the reason that NASA does not use pure hydrogen. As he continues to work on his food supply, he keeps going with the video logs and decides to use a rover to make it to the Schiaparelli crater that will be the landing site for Ares IV in four years. Since the battery-powered rover can't cover the whole distance, he modifies it, adding solar cells and an extra battery. To conserve battery power, the pod of plutonium used to get the crew to Mars in their original spacecraft serves as a heat source in the cabin. Watney uses the rover to find a Pathfinder probe that stopped transmitting in 1997; he hopes to use it to get in touch with NASA. He digs the old probe out of the sand, spreads its solar panels to charge the batteries, and discovers that it still works. Using hand-written signs for the Pathfinder's camera, he is able to send a message to NASA confirming that he is alive. Kapoor is able to receive the message because he and colleagues at the Jet Propulsion Lab (JPL), who built the Pathfinders, have pulled another Pathfinder out of storage, rounded up the engineers who worked on it, and got it working again. They manage to communicate with Watney, first by panning the Mars Pathfinder's camera to point at 'yes' or 'no' signs when Watney asks if his signal is being received, and then by panning around a hexadecimal clock that Watney has scratched out on the ground around his Pathfinder. NASA uses this system to tell him how to hack the rover's operating system so it can transmit text back to Earth. When Watney, finally able to type his messages chat-style, asks how the Hermes crew took the news that he wasn't dead, Kapoor regretfully tells him that the crew hasn't been told. Watney responds with obscenities (which are broadcast all over the world). Watney's story becomes a worldwide sensation. His communications with NASA are logged, and at the request of PR Director Annie Montrose he uses the Pathfinder's camera to take a spacesuited selfie (in a two-thumbs-up Fonzie pose) which Montrose doesn't like because she can't see his face. Kapoor reminds her that Mark can't remove his helmet near the camera, which is outside the HAB. Meanwhile, the crew aboard Hermes has spent the last couple of months quietly flying back toward Earth while keeping in touch with their loved ones. The flight director of Ares III, Mitch Henderson ( Sean Bean ), contacts the crew and informs them that Watney is alive, and that NASA has kept it from them for the last two months so as to not distract them from their mission. The news only makes them angry and guilt-ridden, but Henderson tells them that Watney has stressed repeatedly that it wasn't their fault and they had reason to believe that he was dead. The folks at NASA determine that they can reach Watney by Sol 868. The food he's growing plus the rations in the HAB will run out in a bit over 900 days. Sanders frets that the margin of error is too small. Back on Mars, things begin to go bad for Watney when the habitat's worn-out airlock explosively decompresses, throwing the airlock some distance while he's inside it and causing his helmet to crack and leak. He uses duct tape to seal the cracks and stumbles back to the habitat to discover his potato crop frozen and dead. With less food, he now figures he can last only a little more than 300 Sols, or slightly longer if he rations. NASA and JPL work overtime and quickly launch a probe to resupply Watney. To make their launch window they bypass routine inspections, and moments after launching, the probe's trajectory shifts severely and it swerves off course and explodes. Meanwhile in China, two directors from the Chinese National Space Administration, Zhu Tao ( Chen Shu ) and Guo Ming ( Eddy Ko ), witness the explosion and discuss helping NASA by offering their classified booster rocket technology to launch a supply craft. Guo Ming asks Zhu Tao why NASA has not already asked for their help and Zhu Tao reminds him that it is a top secret program that NASA would not have any knowledge of. They decide that in the interests of international scientific co-operation, they will contact NASA and offer their booster rocket. Rich Purnell ( Donald Glover ) an eccentric and absent-minded but brilliant astrodynamicist, devises a plan to accelerate the returning Hermes around Earth, gaining a gravitational boost and sending it back to Mars to get Watney. The Chinese rocket will resupply the Hermes for its extended voyage. Sanders vetoes this plan because it risks the lives of the five Hermes crew members and will extend their mission by hundreds of days, but Henderson secretly sends the plan and Purnell's course calculations to the crew. The crew talks it over; they understand that the surreptitious arrival of the plan means that NASA brass have rejected the idea. They assume that if they go back to Mars, the two military members, Lewis and Martinez, will be court-martialed for mutiny and the three civilians will never be allowed to fly another mission. Lewis calls for a unanimous vote, and they all agree to go back for Watney. Johanssen hacks the Hermes computers to prevent NASA from taking control and they change course, sending a cryptic message to Houston: "Rich Purnell is a steely-eyed missile man." Sanders is angry with Henderson, who he assumes sent the plan to Hermes. Henderson doesn't deny, but will not confirm his actions either. Sanders explains that his priority is for NASA to keep flying, but Congress is very sensitive to public opinion and the bad publicity that would result if Purnell's plan failed would likely reduce NASA's budget for years to come. He asks for Henderson's resignation when the mission is over. Then he's forced to announce that NASA is sending Hermes back to Mars to rescue Watney. Seven months pass on Mars. Watney has lost a lot of weight, has grown a lot of facial hair, and his teeth are rotting. He's started losing hope in his survival and rescue. He records a video log asking Commander Lewis to let his parents know of his fate. NASA sends him instructions to make extensive modifications to the rover, which Watney bemusedly performs. He packs up the rover and leaves the Ares III site; having spent 461 sols there; and heads for the Ares IV MAV, which was dropped on Mars well ahead of the Ares IV mission. It's a 3200-kilometer drive across a trackless and inhospitable Martian landscape. He stops every day for 13 hours to sleep and re-charge the rover's batteries with solar panels. During his excursion, he reasons that Mars is legally international waters; that is, it's subject to maritime law because it can't be claimed by any country on Earth. As he has not gotten explicit permission from NASA to take the MAV, and cannot get permission until after taking off, commandeering the MAV will make him a space pirate. He would like to be called "Captain Blondbeard." Mark also pontificates about how he's the first person to see the Martian landscape that he travels across and seems to be quite in awe of it. After the Hermes has swung around Earth and collected the supplies, they travel back to Mars. NASA and the rest of the world watch with anticipation; with 12 minutes' delay, no one on Earth can help by radio. Watney has to remove 5000 kg of weight from the MAV to make it light enough to reach Hermes' orbit. He jettisons most of the seats, all the navigation and control systems, and replaces the nose-cone airlock, a crucial structural piece and the single heaviest component, with a tarp. Martinez, flying the MAV by remote control, launches Watney into orbit. The MAV comes up too low to reach the Hermes spaceship. Vogel constructs a quickly-made sugar and oxygen explosive to blow the front hatch and cause escaping air to slow the huge ship down so they can match speeds and still get to Watney. Lewis herself decides to use the EVA MMA suit with a tether to reach Watney, but she can't get close enough. Watney punctures the palm of his glove to propel himself toward Lewis with the escaping air jet. ("Like Ironman!" he says gleefully.) He has very little control, so he misses her. However, he runs into the tether, which his momentum causes to wind around himself and Lewis, and the crew is able to reel them in. Lewis announces to NASA that they have Watney, and people all over the world cheer. (Crowds have gathered in Houston, Times Square, Beijing, and elsewhere, anxiously waiting to hear whether the rescue worked.) The crew hugs Watney and jokes about the stench resulting from his lack of showering for many months. Back on Earth about one year later, Watney begins Day 1 as an instructor to aspiring astronauts. He tells them of his struggle on Mars, confirming that he did in fact grow food using his own excrement and humorously says he doesn't want to discuss that aspect of the mission again. He tells them that if things should go south for them, they can either accept their fate or start solving problems, because that's how you survive; by overcoming one problem after another. During the closing credits, we see the characters years later as they watch the launch of Ares V, in which Martinez is the commander. Kapoor, Montrose, Park, and Sanders watch from NASA along with Guo Ming & Zhu Tau. Henderson is retired and golfing with his son. Lewis watches at home with her husband, while Vogel is at home with his family. Beck and Johanssen have gotten married and watch from the hospital with their new baby. 
 Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (2016)651) In a time of conflict, a group of unlikely heroes band together on a mission to steal the plans to the Death Star, the Empire's ultimate weapon of destruction. All looks lost for the Rebellion against the Empire as they learn of the existence of a new super weapon, the Death Star. Once a possible weakness in its construction is uncovered, the Rebel Alliance must set out on a desperate mission to steal the plans for the Death Star. The future of the entire galaxy now rests upon its success. Ryan Cullmann As the Rebellion spreads its influence among people, the Galactic Empire builds a super weapon capable of destroying an entire planet. A group of rebels disobeys orders and take a shuttle to go on a mission to steal plans that hide secrets on how to destroy this weapon of mass destruction. In a short time period right before the events of A New Hope, we find ourselves in the middle of a galactic war between the Rebel Alliance and the Empire. With a desperate goal of retrieving the secret plans for the weapon of mass destruction: The Death Star, we follow a group of rebel spies whose hope is to restore peace to the galaxy. henden_jr After the rise of the Galactic Empire in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith (2005) and before the Battle of Yavin in Star Wars (1977) , Rogue One (2016) follows the outcast Jyn Erso and how she came to join the Rebel Alliance. Joining the Alliance, Jyn finds herself in the middle of the ultimate conflict between the Rebels and the Empire: her father Galen has built a terrifying super-weapon: The Death Star, a battle station capable of destroying an entire planet. Will Jyn and the Rebels be able to save her father from the Empire and cripple their super-weapon, or will it be too late? Johnny Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with the traditional text: A LONG TIME AGO IN A GALAXY FAR FAR AWAY... but instantly leaps to the action, omitting the opening crawl. In the early years of the Galactic Empire, we see an Imperial ship landing on the planet Lah'mu. Jyn Erso ( Beau Gadsdon ) sees it and runs to warn her father, Galen Erso ( Mads Mikkelsen ) and mother, Lyra Erso ( Valene Kane ) . Lyra calls Saw Gerrera ( Forest Whitaker ) and tells him that "He's come for us". Galen says goodbye to his daughter and tells her that he loves her, calling her "Stardust", as he heads off alone to face the Empire. Jyn and her mother run to the foothills behind the farmhouse. They stop and Lyra asks Jyn if she knows where to go, meaning that Jyn is to proceed on her own. She then takes off her necklace, which has a clear crystal orb on it, attaches it around Jyn's neck, and as a way of saying goodbye tells her to "Trust the Force". Outside, Galen meets Orson Krennic ( Ben Mendelsohn ), a high-ranking Imperial military officer, who tries to get Galen to come back to work for the Empire. He asks about his family and Galen lies that his wife is dead. When Orson tells his stormtrooper bodyguards to check the house, Lyra appears and draws a weapon on Krennic; they have a standoff. Lyra shoots Krennic, hitting his arm, and is killed. A stormtrooper toy is discovered and Krennic tells his guards to find Galen's daughter (who stayed out of sight but witnesses the incident). Jyn runs away and hides in a prepared bolt-hole under a rock in a cave. Saw Gerrera eventually finds and rescues her. Fifteen years later, in the Ring of Kafrene, an adult Jyn ( Felicity Jones ) is held in a cell. Meanwhile, commanders of the Rebel Alliance, led by Mon Mothma ( Genevieve O'Reilly ), a senator of the Old Republic Senate-turned-Imperial Senate, discuss the Empire's plan to create a giant weapon capable of destroying entire planets. On the planet Jedha, Bodhi Rook ( Riz Ahmed ), a pilot who has defected from the Empire and wants to join the Rebels, arrives and is apprehended by the local forces there. On the planet Wobani, Jyn is being transferred with other prisoners. Suddenly, Rebel forces break in and free them. Wanting to escape, Jyn attacks the Rebels and tries to flee but is stopped by K-2SO (voice: Alan Tudyk ), an Imperial enforcer droid who's been re-purposed to work for the rebellion. On the moon Yavin 4, the location of the Rebel base of operations, Mon Mothma and other Rebel leaders talk to Jyn about her father. She says that she last saw her dad 15 years ago. The Rebels also question her about Saw Gerrera and tell her that he is an extremist causing problems in Jedha. The Rebels say that finding Saw and the captured pilot is paramount to find out what the Empire is plotting. They offer her a deal: find Saw, and she is free to go. As Jyn boards the ship taking her to Jedha with K-2SO and the pilot Cassian Andor ( Diego Luna ), Cassian is told to kill their target (Galen Erso) and not perform any extraction. At Jedha, Bodhi is confronted by Saw, who now has prosthetic legs and uses a supplemental oxygen mask. Saw doesn't believe Bodhi's story and interrogates him harshly, eventually bringing in a Bor Gullet, a tentacled creature that terrifies Bodhi and can apparently read his mind. Aboard an Imperial Star Destroyer, Krennic discusses with Grand Moff Tarkin ( Guy Henry ), the Imperial governor of the outlying areas and overall commander of the Imperial Navy, the "ultimate weapon" they are creating. Krennic urges that they perform a test of the weapon. Meanwhile, Jyn, K-2SO, and Cassian arrive at Jedha. K-2SO is told to wait at the ship, and while Cassian scouts the area, Jyn is approached by Chirrut Imwe ( Donnie Yen ), a blind warrior who notices her necklace and the quality of the stone. Later, when Jyn and Cassian roam the city, they notice snipers and the area quickly erupts into a battle. Rebel and Empire forces fight and, while Jyn and Cassian take care of the stormtrooper, K-2SO arrives and defeats the last set of stormtroopers that arrive on the scene. As they leave the area, they run into another squad of stormtroopers who want to detain them. Chirrut tries asking the stormtroopers to let them go but is attacked by the stormtroopers. Showing excellent skill despite his visual impairment, Chirrut defeats the stormtroopers with a little help from Baze Malbus ( Wen Jiang ), but they are captured by Saw's crew. While Cassian, Chirrut, and Baze are in a cell, they quickly notice that Bodhi is in the cell next door. Jyn is brought directly to Saw. Saw is surprised to see Jyn, but Jyn instantly confronts him about abandoning her when she was 16. Saw replies that he did it to give her her best chance and suspects Jyn of being told to head here to kill him. Jyn says that she wants nothing to do with the rebellion at all. On board the the new weapon, Tarkin makes the decision to test the station's superlaser on Jedha and a course is plotted to go there. Saw shows Jyn a hologram sent by her father. Her father says in the message that he went with the Empire to give the rebels their best chances and that the weapon they were building is called the Death Star. He says that he made a fail-safe in the death star by placing a trap within it that will cause a chain reaction, destroying it. He also apologizes to a tearful Jyn and tells her to fight for him and to finish what he started: "Save the rebellion and save the dream." Suddenly, the Death Star attacks Jedha, firing the station's superlaser onto the surface and destroying millions of square miles. Chirrut, Bodhi, and Baze head to the ship while Cassian gets Jyn. Despite Jyn's help, Saw acknowledges his weakness and tells her to leave him. Everyone else escapes in the ship with K-2SO while Jedha is destroyed and Saw is crushed to death. With their test successful and Jedha gone, the Imperial leaders rejoice. However, Governor Tarkin decides to claim all the credit, shutting out Krennic as director of the project. Tarkin threatens further action against Krennic should he protest against his or the Empire's policies. On the ship, Cassian is secretly given instructions to kill Galen if they find him. The people on the ship discuss Jyn's report of the hologram but, as she left it behind in Jedha, there is no proof to convince the Alliance. She convinces them, however, to head to Eadu to find Galen. On Eadu, an Imperial mining planet with constant darkness and rain, the crew crash-lands their ship. As Cassian and Bodhi head out, Jyn questions Cassian's motives. Upon hearing K-2SO say that Cassian's weapon was in sniper mode, she heads out, followed by Chirrut and Baze. Nearby, at the Eadu Mining Facility, Krennic is interrogating Galen and six other engineers working for the Empire because he believes one of them is secretly working for the rebels. When Krennic threatens to kill everyone, Galen steps forward and confesses. Krennic still kills the other engineers. While this is happening, Cassian has his rifle sights on Galen but, eventually, does not pull the trigger. Meanwhile, Jyn has climbed a long ladder to the platform where Krennic and her father are. Jyn calls out to her father just as rebel forces arrive in X-Wing fighters and cause an explosion and a fight. When she regains consciousness, Jyn finds her father in critical condition. She tearfully reunites with her father before Galen passes away and Cassian pulls her from his body as they head out of Eadu. On the ship, an angry Jyn questions Cassian on his motives and he replies that everyone has lost something for the rebellion, and that she only truly started to care because of her father. Krennic arrives on the planet Mustafar and reports to the Emperor's chief enforcer, Darth Vader ( Spencer Wilding and Daniel Naprous ; voice: James Earl Jones ). Krennic believes he deserves to meet directly with the Emperor to talk about the station's completion and destructive potential. Vader becomes agitated, having heard the reports about Jedha and Eadu, claiming that the space station has begun to cause problems and that utmost secrecy must be maintained. The destruction of Jedha will be attributed to a mining accident and Krennic must investigate further to see if Galen Erso had compromised the security of the station in any way. When Krennic asks if he's still in charge of the project and if Vader will speak to the Emperor, Force-chokes Krennic for a few moments before stalking off. At a meeting back on Yavin 4, the rebel leaders, among them Senator Bail Organa ( Jimmy Smits ) and General Dodonna ( Ian McElhinney ), are doubtful of Jyn's story and her credibility. Jyn proposes to infiltrate the Empire's data storage facility on Scarif and get the plans for the Death Star, ending her argument by saying rebellions are built on hope. She fails to get approval, as Mon Mothma opposes any strike against Scarif and the other rebel leaders agree it's too risky. Senator Organa then leaves to travel back to his homeworld of Alderaan to have a talk with his adopted daughter to try to help and seek out a former Clone War veteran who may help out the Alliance. Outside, Cassian approaches Jyn about the mission -- a dozen other rebel fighters have decided to join them. With their crew in tow, they use the call sign 'Rogue One' and head to Scarif to find the Death Star plans themselves. At Scarif, Bodhi uses his old Imperial passwords to get through the gate in the force field that protects the planet and get permission to land. K-2SO, Jyn, and Cassian head into the facility to get the plans while the other rebels plant explosives around the landing pads on the perimeter of the facility's island atolls. Director Krennic arrives on Scarif around the same time to review transmissions involving Galen Erso as well as Governor Tarkin. The rebels quickly detonate explosives all over the island. With a full-on battle emerging, the rebel fleet arrives -- the leaders had a change of heart. (There's a cameo scene of R2-D2 and C-3PO in which C-3PO comments on the rebels going to battle.) The rebels' first challenge is to slip through the gate in the force field before the Imperial forces close it and block their access to the surface of the planet. In the access room for one of the storage units, Jyn and Cassian enter the data storage area to find and extract the plans to the Death Star while K-2SO stays back by the console to help with the search and guard their backs. While they search for the plans, K-2SO fights off stormtroopers. They eventually identify the plans under the code name of the nickname Jyn's father gave her -- Stardust. When they find the files, K-2SO notes the force field and tells them to deliver the plans by getting the physical media themselves -- it's in a structure that's designed to be accessed by mechanical arms -- and then climbing all the way to the top of the tower to transmit the data. Stormtroopers then overpower him, and K-2SO dies, permanently locking the door to the control room with Jyn and Cassian inside -- where Krennic has spotted them. Outside in the battle, the rebels are able to take down several AT-AT's, and Bodhi manages to find a way to the control switch to turn on communications. He is unable to turn the switch on during the battle, so Chirrut risks his life, walking over to the switch and turns it on. He is, however, shot on the way back and dies in Baze's arms, telling him that he will always be one with the force. In the data storage area, Jyn and Cassian do some dangerous jumping and climbing to grab the cassette holding the Stardust file, but they're intercepted by Director Krennic. Although they take out the stormtroopers and shoot Krennic, the wounded Krennic shoots Cassian (who falls), while Jyn narrowly escapes. Bodhi gets communications working and notifies the fleet that the force field has be be disabled for the information to be transmitted. He is killed by a grenade bomb thrown by a stormtrooper as he finishes. Baze is inspired by Chirrut's sacrifice and fights until he is also killed by a grenade bomb held in the hands of a fallen stormtrooper. Jyn finally makes her way to the top of the tower and sees the command console for transmitting data to the rebels. The console prompts her to re-calibrate the antenna, and she does, not knowing that Krennic is headed up. The tower is hit by shots from a duel between rebel and empire fighters and Jyn nearly falls off. Jyn tries to send the data but is intercepted by Krennic. He claims that she will die and her rebellion will die with her but a surprisingly alive (though heavily injured) Cassian appears and shoots Krennic, who falls. Above the planet, the Rebel fleet engages several Imperial star destroyers. When one is disabled, Admiral Raddus orders a Corvair Hammerhead to force the ship into another star destroyer, which plummets into the gate, deactivating the shield, allowing transmissions off the planet. Jyn starts the transmission, sending the Death Star plans to the Rebels. As the plans are received, the Death Star arrives from hyperspace. Governor Tarkin watches the carnage from the space battle and aims the Death Star at the base on Scarif. While Scarif is about to be destroyed, the Rebel fleet retreats to note the sacrifice of the Rogue One. Jyn and Cassian, having transmitted the plans, hold hands and embrace on a beach as the beam obliterates them and the facility. On board Raddus' ship, the Rebels frantically copy the plans to a data card. The ship is boarded by Darth Vader himself, who ignites his light saber and effortlessly wades through a squad of Rebels trying to stop him, deflecting blaster bolts and using the force to shove them aside. The plans are passed to another rebel soldier behind a jammed hatch. As the last of the squad are massacred, a smaller ship, Tantive IV, is launched and speeds away while Vader looks on. On the Tantive IV, the data card is brought to the bridge by Captain Raymus Antilles, where a familiar figure clad in white receives it: a young Princess Leia ( Ingvild Deila , voice: Carrie Fisher ). When asked what was sent, the Princess only smiles and answers "Hope." Tantive IV jumps to hyperspace. 