nm0004948:

 Bosch (20142021)Summaries An L.A.P.D. homicide detective works to solve the murder of a thirteen-year-old boy while standing trial in federal court for the murder of a serial killer. Harry Bosch is an irreverent homicide detective in Los Angeles. Like any good protagonist he has problems with authority, follows his gut and bends a few rules while achieving the best solved case rate in all of California. Whatever situations the writers put him into he will undoubtedly be entertaining as he pursues justice. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Guests (2014)Summaries When Charlie and his family move to a warmer climate for the sake of his ill father's comfort, he finds himself teetering between battles of the thought of losing his father and a conflict he has with a ferocious bully at school. When Charlie (Modern Family's Rico Rodriguez ) and his family move to a warmer climate for the sake of the comfort of his ill father ( Matthew Modine ), he finds himself teetering between battles of the thought of losing his father and a conflict he has with a ferocious bully ( Tanner Buchanan ]) at school. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ray Donovan (20132020)Summaries Ray Donovan, a professional "fixer" for the rich and famous in Los Angeles, can make anyone's problems disappear except those created by his own family. Set in the sprawling mecca of the rich and famous, Ray Donovan does the dirty work for LA's top power players as the go-to guy who makes the problems of the city's celebrities, superstar athletes, and business moguls disappear. This powerful drama unfolds when his father is unexpectedly released from prison, setting off a chain of events that shakes the Donovan family to its core. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Zoe Gone (2014)Summaries A detective tries to help a teenager find her kidnapped baby. Sixteen-year-old Jennifer Lynne's life is turned upside down when she gives birth to baby Zoe. Being a teen mom is not what she had planned for high school. Her boyfriend Randy refuses to step up and her mother Alicia is not interested in raising another child. But when Zoe is kidnapped, Jennifer's maternal instincts kick in and she will stop at nothing to find her baby. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 