nm0001951:

 Tank Girl (1995)431) A girl is among the few survivors of a dystopian Earth. Riding a war tank, she fights against the tyranny of a mega-corporation that dominates the remaining potable water supply of the planet. Tank Girl (Rebecca) and her friends are the only remaining citizens living in the wasteland that is Earth, where all the remaining water is controlled by Water and Power, the mega corporation/government that runs the territory. While incarcerated at W + P, Tank Girl and her new friend Jet Girl break out and steal... a tank and a jet. After meeting some mutant kangaroo/humans, and rescuing her little girl (adopted by her friends), the kangaroos and the girls kick Water and Powers' butt. David Flaherty <flaherty@infohouse.com> The plot revolves around the fact that Tank Girl and her rebel group are attacked by Water & Power, a powerful force that controls the remaining water on a dystopian Earth, led by Kesslee. A young girl named Sam is abducted and the story revolves around TG's quest to save her and seek vengeance against those who killed her crew with the help of Jet Girl, the rippers and Booga, who has a noticeably different personality than in the comics. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Unlike the strip's non-linear, stream of consciousness, absurdist cut-and-paste sort of structure, the film has a standard timeline. The plot revolves around the fact that Tank Girl and her rebel group are attacked by Water & Power, a powerful force that controls the remaining water on a dystopian Earth, led by Kesslee (Malcolm McDowell). A young girl named Sam (TG's boyfriend's daughter, as it's revealed in The Making of... book) is abducted and the story revolves around TG's quest to save her and seek vengeance against those who killed her crew with the help of Jet Girl (Naomi Watts), Sub Girl (Ann Cusack), the rippers and Booga (Jeff Kober), who has a noticeably different personality than in the comics. 
 The Juniper Tree (1990)44) Margit and her older sister, Katla, flee their homeland after their mother is killed for practicing witchcraft. Needing a place to stay, Katla casts a spell over a young farmer named Jhann which makes him fall in love with her. Margit and her older sister, Katla, flee their homeland in Iceland after their mother is killed for practicing witchcraft. Needing a place to stay, Katla casts a spell over a young farmer named Jhann which makes him fall in love with her, ensuring the wellbeing of herself and Margit. Jhann's son, Jhas, sees through Katla's plan and pleads for his father to make her go away. To help Jhas in his struggle, Margit's mother appears to Margit in visions and provides a magic amulet of protection for the boy. Will Jhas be able to rid his family of Katla or will she continue to control them with her witchcraft? Todd Rose Set in medieval Iceland, Margit and her older sister Katla flee for safety after their mother is burned to death for witchcraft. Finding shelter with Johan and his resentful young son, Jonas, the sisters help form an impromptu family unit that's soon strained by Katla's burgeoning sorcery. yusufpiskin Bjrk made her dazzling film debut in this monochromatic medieval fantasy, in which she channels a witchy, supernatural energy. A feminist retelling of the Brothers Grimm fairy tale, director Nietzchka Keene shoots the otherworldliness of Iceland on 35mm: enjoy it in this stunning restoration. yusufpiskin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dancer in the Dark (2000)651) An East European girl travels to the United States with her young son, expecting it to be like a Hollywood film. 1964 in small town Washington state. Selma Jezkov, a Czechoslovakian immigrant, and her preteen son Gene live in a rented trailer owned by and on the property of married Bill and Linda Houston, he the town sheriff. Beyond Bill and Linda, Selma has a small group of friends who look out for her, including her primary confidante, Kathy, with who she works, and Jeff who wants to be her boyfriend. Jeff regularly waits outside Selma's workplace long before the end of her shift to drive her home, despite she always refusing in not wanting to lead him on. Her primary job is working on the Anderson Tool factory assembly line, but she does whatever she can to earn money. What only Kathy knows among Selma's friends is that she is slowly going blind, her medical condition being genetic. Selma is barely able to see, just enough to do her job. Her primary reason for moving to the US and for working all the time is to earn enough money for an operation for Gene when he turns thirteen, he who doesn't know anything about his mother or his own degenerative eyesight. None of Selma's friends, not even Kathy, know about the money for Gene's operation. Beyond this sole goal of the operation, Selma allows only one indulgence in her life, anything having to do with musicals, which she loves, it an escape from the problems of her life. Kathy often takes her to the cinema to watch old musicals, Kathy who has to describe to Selma what is happening on the screen much to the other patrons' chagrin. Selma also has the lead of Maria in a community theater production of "The Sound of Music". Close to having enough money for the operation, Selma is in a race against time before she loses enough of her sight not to be able to work or participate in the musical production. What may also threaten Selma's goal of the operation for Gene is some financial problems facing Bill. He feels pressured to provide Linda with the comforts of life to which she is accustomed that he believes she requires in their marriage to be satisfied, and as such he is reluctant to tell Linda of those financial problems. Huggo Selma, a Czechoslovakian immigrant, lives in a small American town with her young son Gene. She works in a local factory and enjoys musicals, watching them and acting in them. However, due to an hereditary condition, she is going blind and her main aim is to save enough money so that her son's eyesight can be saved. grantss Selma has emigrated with her son from Central Europe to America. The year is 1964. Selma works day and night to save her son from the same disease she suffers from, a disease that inevitably will make her blind. But Selma has the energy to live because of her secret! She loves musicals. When life feels tough she can pretend that she is in the wonderful world of musicals...just for a short moment. All happiness life is not able to give her she finds there... Fredrik Klasson <fredrik.klasson@telia.com> Selma is a Czechoslovakian immigrant, a single mother working in a factory in rural America. Her salvation is her passion for music, specifically, the all-singing, all-dancing numbers found in classic Hollywood musicals. Selma harbors a sad secret: she is losing her eyesight and her son Gene stands to suffer the same fate if she can't put away enough money to secure him an operation. When a desperate neighbor falsely accuses Selma of stealing his savings, the drama of her life escalates to a tragic finale. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Selma is a young Czech mother living in Washington state in the early 1960s. How she loves musicals! Alas, she is going blind, and this is threatening her job (not to say her limbs) at the local factory, where she is friends with Cathy, who is a bit flummoxed by Selma's increasing workload, which includes pinning hairpins to unbent cardboard as a side job. Selma lives with her understandably ungrateful 12-year-old delinquent son in a mobile trailer on the property of a local sheriff and his happy-go-lucky wife. One day, the sheriff reveals a dark secret to Selma, and being the type to cement friendships, she tells him a secret, too: that she is going blind. Life spirals downard for her after this revelation, but Selma is resolute in protecting her friend's secret. Cathy, who grows increasingly frustrated with Selma's decisions, comes to realize Selma's methodology was right after all, and in the gripping final moments of the film, she tells Selma that she did right. This is a curious, highly depressing, yet exhilarating film (with various experimental camera techniques) about the power of friendship and maternal love -- not to be watched alone! 
 Lon: The Professional (1994)761) Mathilda, a 12-year-old girl, is reluctantly taken in by Lon, a professional assassin, after her family is murdered. An unusual relationship forms as she becomes his protge and learns the assassin's trade. After her father, step-mother, step-sister and little brother are killed by her father's employers, the 12-year-old daughter of an abject drug dealer manages to take refuge in the apartment of a professional hitman who at her request teaches her the methods of his job so she can take her revenge on the corrupt DEA agent who ruined her life by killing her beloved brother. J. S. Golden Leon (played by Jean Reno) lives in New York and is a professional hit man. One of his neighbors, Mathilda (Natalie Portman), is a 12-year old girl with family problems, one of which is that her father is a petty criminal. One day, a drug kingpin, Stansfield (Gary Oldman), kills her entire family due to something her father did. Mathilda turns to Leon for help...and revenge. grantss Reclusive, taciturn, and lethally efficient, the plant-loving New Yorker and professional hitman, or "cleaner", Lon, sees his world turn upside down, when the entire family of his tough twelve-year-old neighbour, Mathilda, is wiped out by a corrupt DEA agent. Having no one else to turn to, the streetwise teenager worms her way into Lon's otherwise quiet life, going as far as to make a preposterous deal with her new surrogate father: in exchange for Lon's extensive knowledge in the cruel art of killing, Mathilda will do the housework. Now, a fervent desire to avenge her little brother is the only thing that keeps Mathilda going. However, has she what it takes to taste the ambrosial juice of retribution? Nick Riganas Mathilda, a twelve-year old New York girl, is living an undesirable life among her half-family. Her father stores drugs for two-faced cop Norman Stansfield. Only her little brother keeps Mathilda from breaking apart. One day, Stansfield and his team take cruel revenge on her father for stretching the drugs a little, thus killing the whole family. Only Mathilda, who was out shopping, survives by finding shelter in Lon's apartment in the moment of highest need. Soon, she finds out about the strange neighbour's unusual profession - killing - and desperately seeks his help in taking revenge for her little brother. Lon, who is completely unexperienced in fatherly tasks, and in friendships, does his best to keep Mathilda out of trouble - unsuccessfully. Now, the conflict between a killer, who slowly discovers his abilities to live, to feel, to love and a corrupt police officer, who does anything in his might to get rid of an eye witness, arises to unmeasurable proportions - all for the sake of a little twelve-year old girl, who has nearly nothing to lose. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Lon is an Italian immigrant who fled Italy after having committed a crime there. He now resides in New York City and is working for the mob boss "Uncle" Tony. He lives with his favorite plant in a small apartment in the city next door to a girl he occasionally speaks to whose father is a drug dealer working with crooked DEA officers. One day when she's out getting groceries the crooked agents murder her entire family in a botched drug deal and upon discovering the massacre upon her return home she walks to the end of the hall to Lon's apartment who lets her into not only his home, but into his life as well. Soon enough he's teaching Mathilda, a young girl, how to be a professional hitman in order for her to learn enough to get revenge on the crooked cops who murdered her family. But when she goes in for revenge and is captured by the crooked agents, Lon comes and saves her and so begins the ultimate theme in the movie: Will Lon and Mathilda live happily ever after now that she's opened up his heart, or will the crooked cops have something to say about it? Joseph Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lon (Jean Reno) is a hitman (or "cleaner" as he would rather be known) living a solitary life in New York City's Little Italy. Most of his work comes from a mafioso named Tony (Danny Aiello), who operates from the "Supreme Macaroni Company" retail store. Lon spends his idle time engaging in calisthenics, nurturing a houseplant that early on he describes as his "best friend", and (in one scene) watching old Gene Kelly musicals. Lon is highly motivated and efficient. He kills plenty of bodyguards (Ed Ventresca) so that a fat guy called Fatman (Frank Senger) receives a phonecall threatening him. A dumb blonde (Ouin-Ouin) walks away non-noncommittally and says she will call him later, not wanting to get involved in the matter. On a particular day on his way home, he sees Mathilda Lando (Natalie Portman), a twelve-year-old girl with a black eye and smoking a cigarette, living with her dysfunctional family in an apartment down the hallway. Mathilda's father (Michael Badalucco) attracts the ire of corrupt DEA agents, who have been paying him to store cocaine in his residence, after they discover that he has been stealing some of the drugs for himself. A cadre of DEA agents storm the building, led by a ragged and drug-addicted Norman Stansfield (Gary Oldman). Stansfield shoots Mathilda's entire family with a shotgun; the whore-looking mother (Ellen Greene), the aerobic-obsessed elder sister (Elizabeth Regen) and the friendly little brother (Carl J. Matusovich)- missing Mathilda only because she is out shopping when they arrive. An elderly lady (Jessie Keosian) comes back inquiring what the rackas is about, and Stansfield shoots the glass behind her, but considers her harmless so he lets her be, just barking at her "go back inside". When Mathilda returns with the groceries she was sent to buy and notices the carnage, she calmly continues down the hallway past the open door of her family's apartment, and receives sanctuary from a reluctant Lon. One of the agents () looks at Mathilda, quizzingly, as she has to insistently ring the bell on and on before Lon lets her in. Stansfield realises that there's a little girl missing because of a family photograph he's found. When the news reaches the door guard, he approaches Lon's apartment, wondering whether the girl who was accepted there was the missing girl. Lon prepares himself to shoot him, watching through a hidden peephole, but at that moment, Mathilda turns on the TV with some Transformers cartoons, which convinces the guard that he saw another girl who had nothing to do with the situation. Len offers some consolation to Mathilda, making her smile when he argues than pigs smell well and are better than many people, and make-pretends that the puppet pig he's using is talking to her. Mathilda, who soon discovers that Lon is a hitman, begs him to become her caretaker, and to teach her his skills as a "cleaner": she wants to avenge the murder of her four-year-old brother, the only member of her family that she actually loved. In return, she offers herself as a maid and teacher, remedying Lon's illiteracy. Mathilda says that he could have let her to die outside that door, but as he opened it, now he's responsible for her well-being. At first, Lon refuses point blank: being a "cleaner" is not a job for girls, and then he alleges that she's not made for that. To answer to that, Mathilda shoots some pigeons with one of the guns Lon is cleaning. Lon hesitantly accepts her offer and the two begin working together, slowly building an emotional attachment, with Lon becoming a friend and father figure. They leave Lon's apartment, and Lon begins to settle some rules. Mathilda carries Len's plant, accepting everything, and convinces the hotel clerk (George Martin) that she's preparing for an audition, and that she won't practice after 10. When the hotel clerk asks Lon to fill up the registration form, Mathilda jumps right in and says "You know how much I love registering. Can I do it, daddy?" Lon breaths, and apprecciates that Mathilda is resourceful. The hotel clerk congratulates Lon because he's got a good daughter, but he's got a 17-year-old who can't do anything. Len leaves his plant at reception. He checks everything in the room, the exits, the windows, while Mathilda fills up the form. As they work together, Mathilda admits to Lon several times that she is falling in love with him, in spite of him making her drink a glass of milk every day. Tony has been keeping Lon's money, instead of it being put into a bank. As Lon was illiterate, he didn't want to have to deal with it. Lon asks if he could give it to somebody; Tony tells him that he's like a bank, only that there's no paperwork involved, but that he's got all the accountancy in his mind, and that is security enough. Tony wants Lon to renew work, as training won't earn him any money. Lon prevents Mathilda from flirting with a guy (Michael Mundra), a cute teenage boy a little older than herself - she replies that they were only sharing a cigarette - to which Lon answers that he wants her to quit smoking. Lon adds that she should stay away from him, as he looks like a weirdo. Lon walks to work. Mathilda tells the hotel clerk that she's fed up of practicing her instrument and that Lon is not her father, but her lover. Mathilda walks back to her old flat. She slips past a police guard and picks up a teddy bear and a stack of bills hidden under a loose floor plank. She has to hide, because the FBI is questioning Stansfield, who is being a jackass about the people he killed in the line of duty. He shouts to the FBI guy that kids should be at school, and also shouts his office number. Mathilda follows Stansfield by taxi to the police station. Mathilda is watching cartoon Transformers again when Lon arrives with blood dripping down an arm and a pink dress for her. The hotel clerk arrives with two men, and throws Leon and Mathilda out. In another hotel, Lon takes a shower and stitches a wound in the chest, where he's been hurt. Mathilda wants to pay Lon to kill her brother's killers, but Lon doesn't want to. He tells her that life changes after the first time you kill somebody. She wants to play Russian roulette with him. She threatens him with killing herself - and at the last second he pushes the pistol away. Mathilda and Lon go talk with Tony. As Mathilda increases her confidence and experience, she locates Stansfield, follows him to his office in the DEA building. She attempts to kill him, only to be ambushed by Stansfield in a bathroom. Lon finds a note she left him declaring her intentions and rushes to the federal building. He rescues her, killing two of Stansfield's men in the process. Stansfield is enraged that the "Italian hitman" has gone rogue and is killing his men. He confronts Tony and threatens him, eventually beating him into surrendering Lon's whereabouts. Later, as Mathilda returns home from grocery shopping, an NYPD ESU team, sent by Stansfield, takes her hostage and attempts to infiltrate Lon's apartment. Lon ambushes the ESU team and takes one of their members hostage, rapidly bartering him for Mathilda's freedom. As they slink back into the apartment, Lon creates a quick escape for Matilda as he reassures her and tells her that he loves her moments before they come for him. In the chaos that follows, Lon sneaks out of the apartment building disguised as a wounded ESU officer, almost unnoticed except for Stansfield. Stansfield follows Lon into the hotel lobby and shoots him from behind. Looming over the dying Lon, Stansfield jeers him haughtily. However just before he gives out, Lon places an object in Stansfield's hands, which he explains is "from Mathilda". Opening his hands, Stansfield recognizes it as grenade pin. He rips open Lon's vest to discover several grenades on his chest. Stansfield lets out a brief "Oh, shit" before a massive explosion destroys the hotel lobby. Mathilda heads to Tony's place as she was instructed to do by Lon. Tony will not give Mathilda more than a few dollars of the fortune Lon had amassed, which was being held by Tony. His reasoning is that she is not old enough to receive the large amount of money and that school should be her priority until she's older. When Mathilda asks Tony to give her a 'job', and insists that she can 'clean' as Lon had, Tony sternly informs her that he 'ain't got no work for a 12-year-old kid!' Having nowhere else to go, she is then seen going to Roosevelt Island using the Roosevelt Island Tramway. The next day, she returns to school in NJ. Seemingly readmitted to the school, Mathilda walks into a field in front of it with Lon's houseplant in hand, she digs a hole and plants the houseplant in the grounds of the school, as she had told Lon he should, "to give it roots." 