nm0007102:

 Andhadhun (2018)541) A series of mysterious events change the life of a blind pianist, who must now report a crime that he should technically know nothing of. Akash a blind pianist is preparing for a London concert.Sophie's scooter bumps into Akash and upon finding he a pianist she takes him to her restaurant Franco's run by her father and offers him a job.Akash meets 70s actor Pramod Sinha at the restaurant who asks him to do a private concert of his songs at his residence to surprise his wife Simi. Next Day upon reaching his house a shocking surprise is waiting for Akash. alex.mjacko@mypeepul.com A pianist who pretends to be blind for inspiration, witnesses a murder and has to deal with the murderer wife of the victim and her boyfriend. During his ordeal he loses his eyesight for real and struggles save his life from the murderous duo. Akash a piano player pretending to be blind he meets Sophie who gives him a break to play at her father's restaurant.Inspired with his talent former actor Pramod Sinha invites him to his house to play on his wife's Simi's birthday.Upn reaching Akash finds Pramod is dead and he pretends of being unaware of things around.But trouble starts when Simi suspects that he is not blind. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A farmer hunts a pesky seemingly visually impaired hare in a cabbage field beside a highway. As the hare hides behind a milestone on the highway the farmer spots it and takes aim with his gun. Akash (Ayushmann Khurrana) is a talented but seemingly blind pianist in search of inspiration. He spends his time fervently attempting to complete a musical piece which is an example of his finest art. The only people seemingly aware of his innocuous presence initially are a neighboring kid who keeps testing him in attempts to see if he is truly blind, and a pet cat named Rani. Akash is knocked over while crossing the road one day by Sophie (Radhika Apte) whose father owns a diner. Sophie is awed by Akash's talent and gets him a gig at the diner where he is noticed by yesteryear actor Pramod Sinha (Anil Dhawan). Pramod is married to Simi (Tabu) and to commemorate their wedding anniversary, invites Akash over to his apartment for a private performance for himself and his wife. Sophie drops him back to his flat, whereupon it is revealed that Akash can see, as he watches Sophie drive away. Sophie is oblivious to this, however, and the two develop a relationship. When Akash reaches Pramod Sinha's flat, Simi opens the door and is reluctant to let him in, but does so when she sees that her neighbor is watching them. Simi, convinced that Akash is blind, allows him to play the piano inside. Akash begins, but immediately notices a body nearby. However, he feigns ignorance and continues to play the piano to maintain his charade of blindness. Akash excuses himself and goes to the bathroom whereupon he sees Inspector Manohar (Manav Vij) hiding but acts as if he is unaware of him, since he is assumed to be blind. On his return to the piano, he manages to identify the body as that of Pramod Sinha. Simi and Manohar (who were lovers) clean the body up silently and put it in a suitcase to be disposed off while Akash resumes playing the piano - supposedly unaware. In a flashback, it is revealed that Pramod had lied to his wife about a supposed trip to Bangalore, but had, in reality, gone to bring anniversary gifts as a surprise for his wife. Afterwards, Akash attempts to report the murder but is unable to, as he discovers that Manohar is an inspector in the police station. As Inspector Manohar would know Akash was aware the whole time, Akash finally ends up lying about the boy living downstairs, and accusing him of killing his cat Rani to change the reason of his approaching the police. Simi manages to kill the neighbor who had also noticed Manohar's entry into the flat, once again in the unwitting Akash's presence, who is forced to continue his charade of being unaware of either of the murders. Both Manohar and Simi continue to browbeat Akash, perpetually testing him to ascertain if he was really blind. Akash finally cracks when Simi manages to pour poison in his coffee in front of him, in an attempt to ascertain if he was really blind. Akash then insists that he doesn't want any problems, and just wants to leave for a concert in London. He then tells Simi that he faked the blindness as part of a social experiment in one of his pursuits for inspiration as an artist. However, he begins to choke, realizing that a sweet that Simi had given him earlier was poisoned. Retching, he collapses. Sophie comes by, and sees that the neighboring child had recorded a video of Akash moving and seeing his way about like a normal person. Furious and heartbroken, she leaves him. Akash wakes up and, realizing that he cannot see, fervently washes his eyes. He realizes he has been blinded and demands that Simi restore his sight. Simi tells him to focus on his art and that no one would believe his story of her guilt on the two murders since he was a blind man, and leaves. After a discussion with Manohar, they decide that blinding Akash would not be enough as he could still reveal details, and Manohar comes back to finish the job. After a tense struggle, Akash escapes out to the road, faints and comes to in a shady clinic, which is revealed to be a front for illicit organ harvesting. Dr. Swami (Zakir Hussain) and his two assistants decide to spare Akash and help him in his quest for gaining money required to reverse his blinding. They kidnap and subdue Simi and blackmail Manohar into bringing one crore rupees to a specified location. At this point several twists come about. The assistants tie Akash up with Simi to claim all of the money for themselves. They then extort the money from Manohar, who shoots one of them but gets trapped in an elevator by the other. Manohar, trapped, then ends up accidentally shooting himself, leaving his fate uncertain. The money extorted from Manohar is eventually revealed to be fake money. Meanwhile, a desperate Akash removes Simi's blindfold after she helps him to free himself. Akash, blind but guided by Simi, attempts to escape while Simi frees herself and attacks him. Dr. Swami enters and the two of them subdue Simi. Dr. Swami and Akash tie Simi in the trunk of a car and begin driving. Dr Swami reveals his plans to harvest Simi's organs for six crore rupees and pay for Akash's cornea transplant, but Akash is morally perturbed by the notion. Dr. Swami drives away with Akash, with Simi bound in the trunk. Two years later, in Europe, a travelling Sophie meets Akash (still apparently blind with dark glasses) at one of his gigs in Europe, where he tells her the entire story. Akash then tells her that after Dr. Swami had driven away with him, Simi awakened in the trunk and started making noises. Dr. Swami dismisses Akash's scruples, stops the car and goes to the trunk of the car, where he is swiftly overpowered by Simi. Simi then takes control of the car. Akash, thinking that it is still Dr. Swami at the wheel, continues to try to convince him to let Simi go. Hearing this, Simi drops Akash off and drives off but changes her mind and turns around, intending to run him over. At this point, the hare (from the beginning of the movie) slams into her windshield, causing her to lose control and crash. The car explodes, killing Simi with it. Sophie hears the entire story and commiserates. She tells Akash that he should have harvested Simi's organs and gotten his sight back. Akash, however, doesn't say a word and leaves with the help of his stick, which has a rabbit carved on its handle. Once out of sight, he uses the stick to smartly swat a can out of his path. 
 Haider (2014)431) A young man returns to Kashmir after his father's disappearance to confront his uncle, whom he suspects of playing a role in his father's fate. Vishal Bhardwaj's adaptation of William Shakespeare's 'Hamlet', Haider - a young man returns home to Kashmir on receiving news of his father's disappearance. Not only does he learn that security forces have detained his father for harboring militants, but that his mother is in a relationship with his very own uncle. Intense drama follows between mother and son as both struggle to come to terms with news of his father's death. Soon Haider learns that his uncle is responsible for the gruesome murder, what follows is his journey to avenge his father's death. Anonymous Set in the year 1995 in the valley of Kashmir, the movie is Vishal Bharadwaj's own adaptation of William Shakespeare's Hamlet. A humanitarian and peace-loving doctor who does his profession with honesty is doing his duty in saving the life of a militant. For this act of harboring a terrorist the army and the police department arrest him and lodge him in their control with no traces left of his identity. The doctor's son tries his best to find out his father, but is shocked to find the reality of the incidents that happened to this effect, about his mother and his paternal uncle. What happens thereon makes Haider's melancholia. PipingHotViews Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Vishal Bhardwaj's adaptation of William Shakespeares 'Hamlet', Haider - a young man returns home to Kashmir on receiving news of his fathers disappearance. Not only does he learn that security forces have detained his father for harboring militants, but that his mother is in a relationship with his very own uncle. Intense drama follows between mother and son as both struggle to come to terms with news of his fathers death. Soon Haider learns that his uncle is responsible for the gruesome murder, what follows is his journey to avenge his fathers death. 
 Life of Pi (2012)651) A young man who survives a disaster at sea is hurtled into an epic journey of adventure and discovery. While cast away, he forms an unexpected connection with another survivor: a fearsome Bengal tiger. In Canada, a writer visits the Indian storyteller Pi Patel and asks him to tell his life story. Pi tells the story of his childhood in Pondicherry, India, and the origin of his nickname. One day, his father, a zoo owner, explains that the municipality is no longer supporting the zoo and he has hence decided to move to Canada, where the animals the family owns would also be sold. They board on a Japanese cargo ship with the animals and out of the blue, there is a storm, followed by a shipwrecking. Pi survives in a lifeboat with a zebra, an orangutan, a hyena and a male Bengal tiger nicknamed Richard Parker. They are adrift in the Pacific Ocean, with aggressive hyena and Richard Parker getting hungry. Pi needs to find a way to survive. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil An aspiring Canadian author interviews the Indian storyteller Pi Patel to hear the firsthand account of his adventures. Pi recounts his upbringing in French-occupied India, where his father owned a zoo. When Pi's family business fails, they embark on a sea voyage to Canada to begin a new life. One night aboard their Japanese cargo ship in the middle of the ocean, a violent and deadly storm hits and sinks nearly all that Pi holds dear. He survives in a lifeboat with several of their zoo animals, including a fearsome Bengal tiger. In a struggle to survive, Pi and the tiger forge an unexpected connection that gives him daily motivation to live. Life of Pi is a tale of faith, hope, and the fight to survive. ahmetkozan A writer, looking for a story idea, is visiting with South Asian-Canadian Pi Patel. They were brought together by Pi's deceased father's longtime friend Francis, who Pi calls Mamaji, who knew Pi's family when they lived in Pondicherry, India, where the writer met Mamaji. Mamaji felt Pi telling the writer his story would be karmic as the writer was a Canadian in French India, and Pi an Indian man in French Canada. Pi proceeds to tell him his life story, which starts in Pondicherry as the son of zookeepers, the zoo property where he grew up: how he was given his full name of Piscine Molitor Patel largely on Mamaji's suggestion which included Mamaji teaching him how to swim, why at age eleven he made a concerted and extraordinary effort to shorten his name to Pi, his concurrent belief in several religions as he was growing up which affected his relationships not only with humans but what he wanted it to be with the animals at the zoo, and his mid-teen burgeoning relationship with a dancer named Anandi just before his family decided to make the move to Canada. But the largest and most fascinating part of his story concerns how he ended up on a lifeboat in the middle of the Pacific with the zoo's Bengal tiger named Richard Parker, and the progression of their time and understanding of each other during that close connection, Richard Parker to who he attributes his survival despite they being initial adversaries as a human and a wild carnivorous beast. Huggo In search of a better future in a new country, after deciding to give up the family zoo in India, Santosh and Gita Patel board a Japanese freighter bound for Canada with their sixteen-year-old son, Pi, his older brother, Ravi, and a few valuable animals. Then, as a violent tempest hammers the vessel, tragedy strikes, and suddenly, Pi finds himself swept away by the furious ocean, aboard an open lifeboat. However, Pi is not alone. With his life hanging by a thread, the young survivor has to share the boat with a spotted hyena, an injured zebra, a female orangutan, and a ferocious Bengal tiger. As the days turn into weeks and the weeks drag into months, Pi must try every trick in the book to keep his justified fears at bay and learn how to coexist with the majestic but menacing animal. Do man and beast stand a chance at survival? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Pi Patel (Irrfan Khan), an immigrant from Pondicherry in India living in Montreal, Canada, is approached by a local novelist (Rafe Spall) who has been referred to him by his "uncle" (a family friend), believing that Pi's life story would make a great book. Pi relates an extended tale: His parents had named him Piscine Molitor after a swimming pool in France. He changes his name to "Pi" (the mathematical symbol,) when he begins secondary school (Gautam Belur), even repeating numerous digits of pi, because he is tired of being taunted with the nickname "Pissing Patel". His family owns a local zoo, and Pi takes an interest in the animals, especially a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker because of a clerical error. Pi tries to feed the tiger, endangering himself to being attacked, and to teach him the reality of the tiger's nature as a carnivore, Pi's father, Santosh Patel (Adil Hussain) forces him to witness it killing a goat. He is raised Hindu and vegetarian, but at 12 years old, he is introduced to Christianity and then Islam, and starts to follow all three religions as he "just wants to love God." When asked if he is also Jewish, he replies that he lectures in Kabbalah at the university. When Pi is 16 (Ayush Tandon), his father decides to close the zoo and move his family to Canada, and sell the zoo animals, to ensure a good future for his children. They book passage with their animals (to be sold in North America) on a Japanese freighter named the Tsimtsum. On board the ship, Pi's father gets into an argument with the ship's cook (Gerard Depardieu) when he speaks to Pi's mother, Gita Patel (Tabu) rudely. One night, the ship encounters a heavy storm and begins to sink while Pi is on deck marveling at the storm. He tries to find his family, but a crew member throws him into a lifeboat; from the rough sea, he watches helplessly as the ship sinks, killing his family and its crew. After the storm, Pi finds himself in the lifeboat with an injured zebra, and is joined by an orangutan, named Orange Juice, who lost her offspring in the shipwreck. A spotted hyena emerges from the tarp covering half of the boat, and kills the zebra. To Pi's distress, the hyena also mortally wounds the orangutan in a fight. Suddenly Richard Parker emerges from under the tarp, and kills and eats the hyena. Pi finds emergency food and water rations on the boat. He builds a small raft of flotation devices so that he can stay at a safe distance from the tiger. Realizing that he must feed the tiger to protect himself, Pi begins fishing, with some success. He also collects rain water for both to drink. At one point, he makes a board ladder for the tiger to climb back into the boat after it had jumped off to hunt fish. In a nighttime encounter with a breaching whale, Pi loses much of his supplies. Faced with starvation, he eats raw fish. After many days at sea, Pi realizes that he can no longer live on the tiny raft and trains the tiger Richard Parker to accept him in the boat. He also realizes that caring for the tiger is keeping him alive. After weeks longer at sea, near the end of their strength, they reach a floating island of edible plants, supporting a forest, fresh water pools, and a large population of meerkats. Both Pi and Richard Parker eat and drink freely and regain strength. But at night the island transforms into a hostile environment, with the fresh water turning acidic, digesting all the dead fish that died in the pools. The tiger returns to the lifeboat at night. Pi finds a human tooth inside a plant flower and concludes that the plants are carnivorous, requiring them to leave the island. The lifeboat eventually reaches the coast of Mexico. Finally back on land, Richard Parker stumbles away from Pi and stops at the edge of the jungle. Pi expects that the tiger will turn toward him and acknowledge him, but instead he looks into the jungle for a while and goes in. Pi, too weak to follow, lies in the sand. He is rescued by a group who carry him to hospital, but he weeps that the tiger had walked away without him. In hospital, insurance agents for the Japanese freighter come to hear his account of the incident. They find his story unbelievable, and ask him to tell them what "really" happened, if only for the credibility of their report. He answers with a less fantastic but detailed account of sharing the lifeboat with his mother, a sailor with a broken leg, and the cook. In this story, the cook kills the sailor to use him as bait and food. In a later struggle, Pi's mother pushes him to safety on a smaller raft, and the cook stabs her as she falls overboard to the sharks. Later, Pi returns to grab the knife and kills the cook. In the present, the writer notes parallels between the two stories: the orangutan was Pi's mother, the zebra was the sailor, the hyena was the cook, and Richard Parker, the tiger, was Pi himself. Pi asks him which story the writer prefers; he chooses the one with the tiger because it "is the better story", to which Pi responds, "And so it is with God". Glancing at a copy of the insurance report, the writer notices a closing comment about the remarkable feat of surviving 227 days at sea, especially with a tiger - meaning that the agents chose that story as well. 
 Drishyam (2015)431) Desperate measures are taken by a man who tries to save his family from the dark side of the law, after they commit an unexpected crime. Vijay Salgaonkar runs a cable TV network in a remote and hilly village of Goa. He lives a happy life with his wife Nandini and two daughters. A 4th grade dropout & an orphan, Vijay has worked his way towards success with his sheer hard-work & street smartness in order to provide for his family who mean the world to him. A man of few means & needs; Vijay believes life is to be lived simplistically - his wife, while she loves him devoutly, wants Vijay's thrifty & miserly behavior to end and wants the world for her family. If there's one thing that Vijay cannot live without, it is his passion for watching films. Such is his 'filmy' obsession that he doesn't mind staying up all night at his office binging on TV movies! In a bizarre turn of events; a teenage boy goes missing; he is the son of a headstrong & no-nonsense cop; IG Meera Deshmukh and the Salgaonkar family is the prime suspect! Will a humble & middle class man, be able to protect his family from oppression of the powerful? How the family weathers the storm that ensues during the violent investigation forms the rest of the story leading to an unexpected & shocking climax. Dhruvi Dokania Vijay Salgaonkar a cable operator in small Goan village lives with his wife and two daughters, He is very much crazy about films and could spend a whole night watching it, His teenage daughter Anju goes for a college camp where her MMS is shot by Sam Deshmukh son of IG Meera Deshmukh and Business Tycoon Mahesh Deshmukh.One night Sam comes to Anju's house and blackmails her wanting to have his way on her but gets killed by her mother Nandani. When Vijay returns home he is shocked to see the events and uses his knowledge to dispose the body of Sam. But he is always under suspicion from his rival Inspector Gaitonde. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Vijay Salgaonkar (Ajay Devgn) is an orphan who dropped out of school after his 4th grade. Now he is a contented businessman running a cable TV service in Goa. He is married to Nandini (Shriya Saran), and have Anju, his adopted daughter (Ishita Dutta), a class twelve student, and Anu (Mrunal Jadhav), a class six student. His only interest is watching films. He has gained fame in his area for helping people out with the help of methods he learns from films. During a nature camp which Anju attends, a hidden cell phone camera records Anju removing her clothes and showering in the bathroom. The culprit, Sameer "Sam" Deshmukh (Rishabh Chaddha), is the son of Inspector General of Goa Police, Meera Deshmukh (Tabu). Sam comes to blackmail Anju for sexual favors. Nandini pleads with Sam to leave their family alone, but Sam refuses to delete the video clip unless his sexual demand is fulfilled. In an attempt to break the offending cell phone, Anju takes a swing at Sam with a lead pipe, but she strikes him in the head instead, killing him immediately. They bury his body in a compost pit in the backyard, which is witnessed by Anu. In the morning, when Vijay returns from work, Nandini tells Vijay about the incident and he devises a way to save his family from the police. He removes the broken cell phone and disposes of Sam's car, which is seen by the corrupt Sub-Inspector Laxmikant Gaitonde (Kamlesh Sawant), who has a grudge against Vijay. The next day, Vijay takes his family out on a trip to Panjim, where they visit an Ashram, watch a movie, and eat at a restaurant. Meera, realizing that her son has gone missing, starts an investigation. After a preliminary investigation, Meera calls Vijay and family for questioning. Having predicted that the police would come calling eventually, Vijay coaches his family on how to face the interrogations without raising suspicion. When questioned individually, the family sticks to their individual stories and the police are unable to find a crack in their alibis. Vijay produces bus tickets, movie tickets, lodging and restaurant bills as proof for the family's visit to Panaji. Meera questions the owners of the establishments they have been to and their statements prove Vijay's alibi. Meera realizes that on the day of the incident, Vijay had taken the tickets and the bill, made acquaintance with the owners and had gone for the trip with his family the next day, thus proving his alibi and making the owners unwittingly tell the lie. Meera has the Salgaonkar family arrested, and Gaitonde uses brute force to beat the truth out of them though Vijay, Nandini and Anju resist. Meanwhile, Meera finds out about Sam and his video of Anju from Sam's friend, Alex. Eventually, Anu gives in and reveals that she has seen a body being buried in the compost pit. After digging the compost pit, the authorities find the carcass of a dog. Vijay reports to the media that Gaitonde physically abused both his daughters, causing an angry Gaitonde to attempt an attack on Vijay, but Vijay's in-laws retaliate, and a mob rises up to beat up Gaitonde. The Sub-inspector is suspended, Meera resigns from her post, and the entire investigating team of the Police Station is transferred out, with the case now requiring authorization from the court. When Nandini asks Vijay about what he did to the body, he refuses to tell her, saying that the information is safe with him. Meera and her husband Mahesh (Rajat Kapoor) meet Vijay at a seaside to ask forgiveness for their rude and violent behavior and to get a confirmation whether their son is alive or not. They also reveal that they would be leaving for London to live with their relative. Finally, Vijay cryptically confesses to killing Sam . Vijay also asks for forgiveness, and explains to them that he would go to any lengths to protect his family. Vijay signs a register at the newly constructed local police station. The new police inspector threatens Vijay that he shall find the body. As Vijay leaves with smile, a flashback reveals that he has buried Sam's body under the floor of the new police station, while it was under construction. 