nm0002790:

 The Game (1997)431) After a wealthy San Francisco banker is given an opportunity to participate in a mysterious game, his life is turned upside down as he begins to question if it might really be a concealed conspiracy to destroy him. Nicholas Van Orton is a very wealthy San Francisco banker, but he is an absolute loner, even spending his birthday alone. In the year of his 48th birthday (the age his father committed suicide) his brother Conrad, who has gone long ago and surrendered to addictions of all kinds, suddenly returns and gives Nicholas a card giving him entry to unusual entertainment provided by something called Consumer Recreation Services (CRS). Giving in to curiosity, Nicholas visits CRS and all kinds of weird and bad things start to happen to him. Anonymous Michael Douglas plays Nicholas Van Orton, a Scrooge-like San Francisco investment banker following in his father's Scrooge-like footsteps. On Nicholas's 48th birthday (the age at which his father committed suicide), his younger, free-spirited brother Conrad (Sean Penn) blows into town and gives Nicholas a special gift for "the man who has everything" -- a ticket to CRS (Consumer Recreation Services), a company that constructs games custom-fit for each participant to provide, as CRS salesman Jim Feingold (James Rebhorn) cryptically puts it, "whatever is lacking." Nicholas's secure life begins a downhill slide as CRS masterminds a series of elaborate pranks, harmless at first, that quickly become malicious and life-threatening. Stripped of financial resources and convinced that he can trust no one, Nicholas begins to wonder if CRS is a front for a more covert operation, and if the game is in fact an attempt to steal his fortune and leave him for dead. Determined to fight back alone, Nicholas infiltrates CRS in order to "pull back the curtain and meet the wizard." Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nicholas Van Orton (Michael Douglas) is a successful businessman living alone in a large mansion outside San Francisco, California, but his success has come at the cost of his family life. When the movie opens, he is divorced, distant from his caring ex-wife and cold toward his only living relative, his kid brother, Conrad (Sean Penn). Nicholas goes about life in a cold, detached manner and seems incapable of expressing emotion or caring for anyone outside of himself. On Nicholas's 48th birthday, Conrad shows up unannounced at a local restaurant that Nicholas frequents where he presents him with an unusual gift: a voucher for a "game" offered by a company called Consumer Recreation Services (CRS). Conrad promises that it will change his brother's life. (The idea of Consumer Recreation Services seems to be borrowed directly from the G.K. Chesterton story "The Tremendous Adventures of Major Brown"). The nature of the game is unclear at first, but it appears to be a sort of live action role-playing game that integrates directly into the player's real life. Nicholas has doubts about CRS, but he meets fellow bankers who enjoyed the game. He goes to CRS's offices to apply and is irritated by the lengthy and time-consuming series of psychological and physical examinations required. After a full day of tests and a physical examination, Nicholas is informed that the game company cannot serve him. However, Nicholas soon discovers that this is false and the game has begun. The game focuses on a key moment of Nicholas' life when, as a child, he witnessed his father committing suicide by leaping off their family home, the same home Nicholas lives in. Significantly, Nicholas' father took his life on his 48th birthday, the same age as Nicholas is now. Soon Nicholas begins to believe that his business, reputation, finances, and safety are at risk. He encounters a waitress, Christine (Debra Kara Unger), who appears to have been endangered by the game. Nicholas contacts the police to investigate CRS, but they find the offices abandoned. Eventually, Conrad appears to Nicholas and apologizes, claiming that he, too, has come under attack by CRS. With no one else to turn to, Nicholas finds Christine's home. He soon discovers that she is a CRS employee and that her apartment was staged. Christine tells Nicholas that they are being watched. Nicholas attacks a camera, and armed CRS troops begin to swarm the house and fire upon them. Nicholas and Christine are forced to flee. Christine tells Nicholas that CRS has drained his financial accounts by using the psychological tests to guess his passwords. In a panic, Nicholas calls his bank and gives a verification code to check his account balance-zero. Just as he begins to trust Christine, he realizes she has drugged him. As he loses consciousness, she admits that she is actually part of the scam and that he made a fatal mistake by giving up his verification code. Nicholas wakes up to find himself entombed alive in a cemetery in Mexico. He escapes from his confinement and makes it to a local U.S. consulate where is is forced to sell his gold wristwatch to get the money to escape. Nicholas returns to San Francisco where he finds his mansion foreclosed and most of his possessions removed. He retrieves a hidden gun and seeks the aid of his ex-wife. While talking with her and apologizing for his neglect and mistreatment, he discovers that Jim Feingold (James Rebhorn), the CRS employee who had conducted his psychological tests, is an actor working in television advertisements. Nicholas locates Feingold and forces him to find CRS's real office, whereupon he takes Christine hostage. Nicholas demands to be taken to the leader of CRS. Attacked by CRS troops, Nicholas takes Christine to the roof and bars the door behind them. The CRS troops begin cutting through the door. Christine realizes that Nicholas's gun is not a prop and is terrified. She frantically tells Nicholas that the conspiracy is a hoax, a fiction that is just part of the game, that his finances are intact, and that his family and friends are waiting on the other side of the door. He refuses to believe her. The door bursts open, and Nicholas shoots the first person to emerge: Conrad, bearing an open bottle of champagne. Devastated, Nicholas leaps off the roof, just as his late father did. Nicholas's life passes before his eyes as he falls. He smashes through a glass roof and lands on a giant air bag. Emergency medical technicians carefully remove him, and he finds himself in a ballroom full of his friends, family, and every person involved in his Game; it really had been just a game all along. Conrad is alive and well, and explains that he initiated the game to get his brother to embrace life and not to end up like their father. Nicholas bursts into tears, relaxes, and begins to enjoy the party once his shock has dissipated. When he sees that Christine has left the party, he follows her outside to her cab. He asks her to dinner, and she offers to share a coffee with him before her flight takes her to her next game assignment in Australia. 
 Hulk (2003)541) Bruce Banner, a genetics researcher with a tragic past, suffers an accident that causes him to transform into a raging green monster when he gets angry. Bruce is an ordinary Gamma expert who one day gets blasted with radiation and somehow survives. But in the process a monster was born. Now whenever he gets angry he grows bigger and stronger until he is no longer Bruce Banner. He becomes The Hulk Bruce Banner, a brilliant scientist with a cloudy past about his family, is involved in an accident in his laboratory causing him to become exposed to gamma radiation and Nanomeds (a tiny life form that is supposed to heal wounds, but has killed everything with which they have made contact). Confused and curious about his survival, Banner discovers that since the accident, whenever he becomes angry, he transforms into a giant green monster destroying everything in sight in an act of rage. Bruce's mysterious past and the answer to why the radiation had this effect becomes revealed to him as his birth father David Banner intervenes with hopes to continue experimenting on him. ahmetkozan Bruce Banner is different from everyone else. While working on a new technology to accelerate the healing process in animals, he is exposed to gamma radiation. Instead of killing him, the radiation turns him into the Hulk, a nearly mindless green behemoth. General Ross is tasked to contain the monster before it can endanger San Francisco, California. Peter Lin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bruce Banner (Eric Bana) is a research scientist at a Berkeley, California laboratory. His work focuses on using nanomeds and gamma radiation to cure cancer and other diseases. Unfortunately, all of their experiments end in the test animals exploding. He works with Betty Ross (Jennifer Connelly); they were recently romantically involved but have broken up because Bruce was too withdrawn emotionally. Although neither of them know it, their fathers worked together on an Army base in New Mexico, in the late 1960s. David Banner (Paul Kersey) was a driven research scientist intent on unlocking the secrets of regeneration of tissue so that humans could regrow lost limbs. Sgt. Ross (Todd Tesen) shut down Brian's experiments when he learned he had been experimenting on himself. David was aware of the risks and already feared that he had passed on some genetic mutation to young Bruce. Bruce was a quiet, troubled child who was comfortable only in the presence of his mother, Edith (Cara Buono). After being fired, David sabotaged his equipment which resulted in an explosion on base. He then went home, fought with Edith and tried to kill young Bruce. Instead he accidentally killed Edith. David was arrested and incarcerated in a mental hospital. Bruce was placed with foster parents. He has repressed his memories of his parents, and because Bruce works under his foster parents' name (Krensler), Betty's father doesn't recognize him. Ironically, Ross oversees the research Betty and Bruce perform. Glenn Talbot (Josh Lucas) used to work for the same lab as Betty and Bruce but has since moved on to a private corporation, Atheon. He returns to the lab, flirts with Betty and offers her and Bruce an unlimited budget if they will bring their research to his corporation. They both refuse but Bruce's anger begins to rise anyway. Later that day, an experiment goes horribly awry. Bruce is exposed to massive doses of nanomeds and gamma radiation. Unlike the other test subjects, however, he doesn't die. In the hospital he is visited by a strange man who had earlier begun to work at the lab as a janitor. Although Bruce doesn't recognize him, it is his father (Nick Nolte). His father suggests that Bruce has secret reserves of power hidden within him, then disappears. After being released from the hospital, Bruce returns to work. He hears a phone message from Betty in which she discusses a meeting she had with now-General Ross (Sam Elliot) about Talbot's offer. Bruce's rage spirals out of control and he transforms into the Hulk, a superhumanly powerful, green-skinned creature. He destroys the lab and throws the gamma radiation generator into the parking lot. When he sees his father observing his rampage, the Hulk leaps away in confusion. Because Bruce was the last person in the lab, he is under suspicion for destroying it and is placed under lockdown by Ross. Betty goes to see David. He tells her as well about Bruce's power before curtly showing her the door. Upset, Betty drives to her cabin in the mountains. David has created a trio of superpowered gamma dogs using equipment purloined from the labs. Using a scarf she left behind, he gives the dogs Betty's scent and sends them to kill her. He then calls Bruce to tell him he has done so, to coax the Hulk out of him. Just then Talbot arrives to confront Bruce. Ross has ordered Talbot to leave Betty and Bruce alone, enraging Talbot. He tries to beat Bruce but manages only to anger him enough to cause another transformation into the Hulk. Hulk beats Talbot badly then escapes the Army guards to find and protect Betty. At the mountain cabin, he fights and kills the gamma dogs. Exhausted, he transforms back into Bruce before Betty's eyes. The next morning, the Army arrives and sedates Bruce. Betty, unsure of what to do, had called her father during the night. By now Ross knows who Bruce is. He has Bruce and Betty taken back to the New Mexico base where David and he had worked earlier. Betty and Bruce walk the grounds in an attempt to understand how Bruce became who he is. Before any real breakthrough can be made, Ross' superiors place Bruce in Talbot's care. Talbot has assured them he can find out what causes Bruce to become the Hulk, and harness that power for the military. Betty leaves the base. Talbot taunts Bruce then knocks him out. Bruce is placed in an isolation tank so Talbot can perform tests on him. As Talbot probes, however, he unleashes the Hulk. The Hulk breaks free of the tank and begins to wreak havoc on the Army base. In the process, Talbot is killed. Ross decides to free Hulk from the base and then destroy him outside. The Hulk destroys four Army heavy tanks and leaps off into the desert to hide. Ross and his forces find him and he leads the Army on a chase throughout the Southwestern United States, battling briefly with a small unit of Comanche choppers. Firing on a series of rock towers to bury him, the Hulk escapes and heads in the direction of San Francisco. There he proceeds to wreak havoc in the city until Betty arrives and calms him down. He transforms back into Bruce. David uses the restored gamma radiation generator and nanomeds to make himself into a superhuman being. He is now able to adopt the physical properties of anything he comes in contact with. He contacts Betty and agrees to turn himself in to Gen. Ross if he will be allowed to see Bruce. Ross agrees. Father and son meet in an abandoned warehouse. David tries to persuade Bruce to accept his power and join him but Bruce refuses. David taps into a powerline and becomes living electricity. Bruce transforms into the Hulk and the two men battle. They eventually wind up at a secluded lake. David decides to absorb all of Bruce's power for himself. However Bruce's power is so immense, David cannot contain it all and explodes. As that happens, the Army drops a bomb on the site, destroying it. Bruce's body is never found. Ross keeps in touch with Betty and hopes that if Bruce were ever to contact her, she would tell him. But he knows she wouldn't. In a South American rain forest, an American doctor provides inoculation shots to the needy. Mercenaries attack his camp to confiscate the supplies. As his eyes begin to glow green, Bruce warns them not to make him angry. 
 The Matrix Reloaded (2003)651) Freedom fighters Neo, Trinity and Morpheus continue to lead the revolt against the Machine Army, unleashing their arsenal of extraordinary skills and weaponry against the systematic forces of repression and exploitation. In this second adventure, Neo and the rebel leaders estimate that they have 72 hours until Zion falls under siege to the Machine Army. Only a matter of hours separates the last human enclave on Earth from 250,000 Sentinels programmed to destroy mankind. But the citizens of Zion, emboldened by Morpheus conviction that the One will fulfill the Oracles Prophecy and end the war with the Machines, rest all manner of hope and expectation on Neo, who finds himself stalled by disturbing visions as he searches for a course of action. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} In the second chapter of the Matrix trilogy, Zion falls under siege to the Machine Army. Only hours before 250,000 Sentinels destroy the last human enclave on Earth--and its growing resistance--Neo ( Keanu Reeves ) and Trinity ( Carrie-Anne Moss ) choose to return to the Matrix with Morpheus ( Laurence Fishburne ), unleashing their arsenal of extraordinary skills and weaponry against the forces of repression and exploitation. Now, at the confluence of love and truth, faith and knowledge, purpose and reason, Neo must follow the course he has chosen if he is to save humanity from the dark fate that haunts his dreams--The Matrix Reloaded. Neo, Morpheus, Trinity, and the rest of their crew continue to battle the machines that have enslaved the human race in the Matrix. As their quest unfolds, Neo learns more about his superheroic abilities, including the ability to see the codes of the people and things around him. Now, more humans are waking up out of the Matrix and attempting to live in the real world. As their numbers grow, the battle moves to Zion - the last real-world city and the center of human resistance. Sujit R. Varma Roughly six months after the original "Matrix", Neo begins to have nightmares about Trinity plunging to her death. Meanwhile, the rebels have returned to the city of Zion to learn that 250,000 sentinels are digging towards them to seek Zion and wipe out the human resistance. The Oracle gives Neo instructions to find the Keymaker and seek out the source. If Neo fails the mission, then the rebellion will be crushed, and the machines will win the war. keyser_soze2 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Green code-rain starts pouring down the screen, first forming the words "The Matrix", then "Reloaded". The image zooms further in, there's coding everywhere, making out a jungle of shapes. We seem to be inside some kind of machinery, and after pulling out we see the shape of a clock. The image transforms into a time clock and a group of security guards clock out and leave for the night. Outside a figure in black on a matching motorcycle comes flying through the air. She leaps from the bike, makes a backward flip in mid-air and the bike lands with a crash on the guardhouse causing a major explosion. The figure lands elegantly in front of the explosion. As she removes her helmet we see it is Trinity ( Carrie-Anne Moss ). The guards in the parking lot attack her, but she easily fights them off. The picture crumbles into coding like dust, and when restored we're very high up on the side of a building. Trinity bursts through the window, guns in hand. She turns on her back in mid-air, an agent is pursuing her and jumps after, head first. They exchange gunfire, falling to the streets below in slow motion. Eventually Trinity is shot in the chest. Something (impossible to see who or what) crashes into a car by the sidewalk. Neo ( Keanu Reeves ) wakes up. He looks over at Trinity lying in his arms, sleeping peacefully, then gets out of bed. We see the Nebuchadnezzar from outside as it hovers through the sewers and lands. Inside are Link ( Harold Perrineau ) and Morpheus ( Laurence Fishburne ) in the cockpit. "Sir, Are you sure about this?" Link asks. Morpheus tells him that if he is to continue as operator on his ship Link must trust him. "Yes, sir. I will sir," says Link. Morpheus glances at him. "I mean I do, sir." In the mess hall sits Neo, pondering. Trinity sits down opposite him. "Still can't sleep?" she asks. Neo shakes his head and takes a sip from his breakfast. "You wanna talk?" Trinity offers. "They're just dreams," Neo reassures. "If you're afraid of something..." "I just wish... I wish I knew what I'm supposed to do, that's all. I just wish I knew." "She's gonna call, don't worry," assures Trinity. Link pops his head in and Trinity asks "Are we ready to go?" "We're already late," he replies. In a dark room underground Niobe ( Jada Pinkett Smith ) is addressing a crowd of other ship crews about the imminent threat to Zion. The machines are digging and will reach Zion in 72 hours. Naturally Morpheus and crew arrive fashionably late, making sure to draw attention by making an argument right away that there is nothing to fear, for he believes the prophecy will come true very soon and end the war. "But first the Oracle must be consulted." Accordingly, Morpheus asks for a volunteer ship to remain in broadcast depth while the Nebuchadnezzar returns to Zion to recharge and make repairs, despite Commander Lock's direct orders for ALL ships to return. Captain Ballard ( Roy Jones Jr. ) of the Caduceus volunteers "just to see what Lock does to you." He gives Morpheus 36 hours. Meanwhile someone knocks on the entrance door. The corrupt ( Paul Cotter ) opens a small hatch on the door and a head in silhouette is seen against the headlights of a car. The stranger asks for Neo. The guard claims not to know who he's talking about and the stranger hands him an envelope telling him to give it to Neo. "You see he set me free." It's beyond doubt the voice of Agent Smith ( Hugo Weaving ). Neo, having sensed something, comes up asking what's going on. "How did you know someone was here?" one of the guards asks. "He wanted me to give you this," and hands Neo the envelope. Into Neo's palm drops an earpiece worn by agents. "Agents are coming," warns Neo. They flee, leaving Neo to handle the threat. The three agents recognize Neo as "the anomaly", but proceed anyway on the basis that he is after all "only human." Neo pauses momentarily while blocking a blow, "Hm. Upgrades." He fights them off with ease. When the battle is over Neo crouches down, the ground ripples and he shoots to the skies (as he did in the very end of the prequel). At the scene of the battle, Smith walks up and states that it all "went as expected". Facing him is another Smith, "Yes." "It's all happening exactly as before..." "Well, not exactly..." They smile. Morpheus and Trinity are driving to an exit as Morpheus calls Link and asks what happened. Link says a bunch of agents showed up and that suddenly the "coding got all weird." He has never seen anything like it. Morpheus then asks where Neo is now. "He's doing his Superman-thing." Like Link said, Neo is soaring through the clouds. Then he stops and heads back down to the ground. He lands in an old building and enters an abandoned apartment, which we recognize as that of the Oracle. "Where are you?" he whispers. The Nebuchadnezzar approaches Zion. Link communicates with one of the gate operators and they are let inside. Once landed The crew exits the ship and are met by Captain Mifune ( Nathaniel Lees ) and three A.P.U. escorts. "Are you here to escort me to the stockades, captain?" asks Morpheus. "I'm just here to keep the peace," assures Mifune. Commander Lock wants to see Morpheus and accordingly the escorts take him to him. "What's with them?" Neo asks. "Lock and Morpheus?" asks Trinity back. Neo nods. "Niobe." "Captain Niobe?" "Mhm. She used to be with Morpheus, now she's with Lock." "What happened?" "Morpheus went to the Oracle, after that everything changed." "Yeah, she can do that." Trinity, Neo and Link start gathering their luggage when a teenage boy ( Clayton Watson ) comes running enthusiastically towards them. "How does he always know?" Trinity asks Neo in a hushed voice. "Doesn't he have anything better to do?" wonders Neo. "You know what they say about the life you save..." answers Trinity. "I didn't save his life," Neo claims. The kid, now right in front of them, welcomes them home and offers to carry their bags. Both Neo and Trinity decline. "You can carry these..." says Link. "Sure, Link." As they all walk towards the elevators the kid starts going on about how he will be old enough to join a crew next year and that he wants to serve aboard the Nebuchadnezzar. His main reason for this is that Neo saved him. "You saved yourself," assures Neo. Meanwhile Lock ( Harry Lennix ) tells Morpheus off for asking a ship to stay behind, when they all had been ordered back to Zion. Morpheus defends himself with his belief that they must have the Oracles advice and that Neo will be the key to ending the war. Lock on the other hand has no confidence in the prophecy and is only concerned with having all the firepower available for when the machines reaches Zion. The kid mentions a gathering that evening, a bigger one than anyone can remember. It is a popular belief that something big will happen. Councillor Hamann ( Anthony Zerbe ) enters in the middle of the discussion. He asks their opinion on what is to be said about the situation to the people at the gathering that evening. Lock believes they should know as little as possible, they wouldn't want to start a panic. Morpheus thinks the truth should be told and that there will be no panic because there is nothing to fear. They enter the elevator and after a few seconds of silence Link gets off telling the kid to come with him. "These two have other things to do." As soon as the elevator doors closes Neo and Trinity drop their bags and make out passionately. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" asks Neo. "I'm thinking this elevator is too damn slow," replies Trinity. But before long they are interrupted by the elevator doors opening and are received by a crowd of people. They carry offerings, asking Neo to look over their sick children etc. Neo thanks them for their gifts and says he'll try. Trinity lowers her head in disappointment and starts to walk away. Neo asks her not to go, but Trinity answers, "It's okay. They need you." "I need you," he pleads. "I know, there's time," she assures him and walks away. Meanwhile, Link arrives at his apartment where his girlfriend, Zee ( Nona Gaye ), is waiting with her sister-in-law, Cas ( Gina Torres ), her niece ( Alima Ashton-Sheibu ) and nephew ( Joshua Mbakwe ). "Uncle Link!" the little ones exclaim as he walks through the door. After welcoming him home, Cas and her kids leave. Zee is not happy at all. Link serving on Morpheus' ship terrifies her. All other ships are home twice as often as the Nebucadnezzar. She has also already lost two brothers to that ship and is afraid she will lose him too. "It's not fair," she says. "You think Cas thinks it's fair that I'm here and Dozer's not?" Link argues. He also says nothing will happen to him, Morpheus says it will all be over soon. The important thing is that he's home now and they hug. Evening comes and everyone is gathered in Zion's temple cavern. Counselor Hamann is standing on a cliff high above the masses, as he gives the opening prayer and introduces Morpheus, who then steps up and gives his speech. He confirms the rumors of the machines digging, and convinces everyone that there is indeed nothing to be afraid of. "We are still here!" is his main argument and tonight they will make so much noise as to show the machines that they are not afraid. The music starts and everyone starts dancing as if it really was their last night on earth. As he leaves the podium, Morpheus runs into Niobe and they flirt mildly before Lock call her to his side. Meanwhile Neo and Trinity meet up in the outskirts of the caves. "I was thinking. Everyone's here..." says Neo. "Follow me." answers Trinity. While everyone else parties like never before, Neo and Trinity are alone at last and they make passionate love to each other and have the sex of their lives! However, Neo suddenly gets a flash of his dream where Trinity is shot and falls into his fears of losing her. Trinity asks what is wrong, but he only answers that he is afraid of losing her. She grasps his hand, "Do you feel this? I'm never letting go." They hold each other tightly and remain silently in each others arms. Eventually everyone goes to bed and the lights are shut down. Back in the Matrix Bane ( Ian Bliss ) and another member of the Caduceus crew are fleeing for their lives from something. They have reached an exit and have a message from the Oracle. Bane goes last and just before he can get out Smith jumps through the skylight and plunges his hand into Bane's chest. "Oh, God" shivers Bane in terror. "Smith will suffice," says the former agent satisfied. Black fluid of sorts spreads all over Bane's body from where Smith has his hand, and once covered he is another Smith-clone. The clone then puts the phone to his ear and leaves the Matrix. Neo wakes up and goes outside his apartment gazing over the city. Councillor Hamann approaches him and offers his company. Neo accepts. Hamann asks if Neo has ever been to the engineering level. He has not, so they go. Once down there Hamann tells Neo about his wondering if they, the free humans, aren't in a sense plugged into these machines. They do after all depend on them. Neo answers that they control these machines, that if they wanted to they could shut them down, destroy them. But, Hamann points out there is the catch. If they did turn them off, what would happen to their water supply, heat etc.? But in the end he has no point to his musings and they leave it at that. It's morning and Ballard knocks on a door in Zion and Trinity opens. "Is Neo here?" Trinity opens the door further and Neo appears. It's a message from the Oracle. Against Lock's orders Morpheus takes off with ship and crew to have Neo meet with her. Before departure Zee tries to urge Link to wear her lucky necklace. He reluctantly agrees, not believing in that stuff, and they kiss. As the party go their ship Bane/Smith sits in nook of the tunnel, cutting his hand with a knife. When the quartet pass him, he sneaks up behind them, knife in hand. He is discovered though when the kid from before comes running. "Neo!" Bane/Smith hides the knife behind his back and claims he just wanted to say good luck. The kid has to say goodbye to his hero too before he leaves and give him something from one of the orphans. "He said you'd understand." It's a metal spoon. Lock is outraged at Counselor Hamann for giving the Nebuchadnezzar clearance to leave. He did so because he believes their survival depends on more than how many ships they have. Neo enters the Matrix near the designated address, which is in Chinatown. He enters a small room from the street and at the back of the room sits an Asian-looking man in corresponding clothes, meditating. To Neo, who sees everything in coding, the stranger radiates a golden light. "Welcome," he says. "I am Seraph." He will take Neo to the Oracle. "But first I must apologize." "For what?" wonders Neo. "For this," says Seraph ( Collin Chou ) and attacks. After some kicking, punching and blocking, Seraph is satisfied. He had to make sure Neo really was the One, as the Oracle has many enemies. "You could have just asked," claims Neo with a smile. "You do not really know someone until you fight them," answers Seraph. He then shuts the door to the street, pulls out a key that he turns in the key hole and opens the door again. It no longer leads to the streets of Chinatown, but to a white hallway lined with green doors. "These are back doors," Neo concludes. Seraph confirms. "Where'd they go?" Link wonders in the real world. They walk down the hall till Seraph stops and opens another door. This one leads to an isolated courtyard where the Oracle ( Gloria Foster ) sits waiting on a bench. Neo approaches her and she asks him to sit down. He politely declines. "Suit yourself," she says and shrugs. Neo sits down after all. "I felt like sitting." "Of course." "Let's get the obvious out of the way," the Oracle starts. "You're not human, are you," Neo says. "Doesn't get more obvious than that." "If I had to guess I'd say you were a program of the machine world. And so is he," Neo looks at Seraph. "I guess the most obvious question is, how can I trust you?" The Oracle answers that he has to choose whether to trust her or not. "Candy?" she offers him. "You already know if I'm going to take it?" "Wouldn't be much of an oracle if I didn't." "Then how can I make a choice?" The Oracle replies that he has already made the choice and only needs to understand it. "But why are you here?" wonders Neo. The Oracle points out a flock of crows and explains that at some point a program to govern them as well as all other things. The programs that do their job are invisible, as opposed those who do not. The latter manifest as what humans refer to as ghosts, vampires etc. "When a program faces deletion it can either choose to hide out here or return to the Source. Where you must go." "The machine mainframe." "You've seen, haven't you? The The door of bright light." Neo confirms. "What happens when you walk through it?! "I see Trinity. Something bad happens and Trinity starts to fall." "Do you see her die?" "No" "You've got the sight now Neo." Neo wants to know why he can not see what happen to Trinity, but the answer he gets is simply that we cannot see past the choices we do not understand. "Are you saying I have to choose whether Trinity lives or dies?" "No, Neo. You've already made the choice." Neo refuses to accept this, he can not do such a thing, but he has to. "Why?" "Because you are the One." If Neo doesn't go to the Source all of Zion will perish, and to get there he will need the Keymaker, an exile program currently held captive by the Merovingian an old and dangerous program. Seraph comes over saying they must leave and so he and the Oracle leave through the back door. Just as the door closes Smith appears. Apparently Neo and he are connected somehow. He explains that when Neo destroyed him he was supposed to be deleted, but he refused to obey the rules and has now become "unplugged". Then there is the question of purpose and Smith-clones start coming towards them, each elaborating on the importance of purpose. When the "original" Smith and Neo are surrounded by clones, Smith tries to turn him into another clone, but with some effort Neo manages to resist and pulls Smith's hand out of his chest. All Smiths attack. A lengthy fight ensues, more clones joining in continually. In the middle of it all an agent comes to the scene only to be turned into yet another clone, but not before recognizing Smith in surprise. Eventually Neo abandons the fight and all the clones go their separate ways. Back in the real world Neo is unplugged. "It was Smith," says Morpheus. Neo confirms and that he has found a way to copy himself. In Zion the council and all crews are gathered. Lock explains their current situation and tactics. The council have limited confidence in these tactics. They then ask if there has been word from the Nebucadnezzar. There has not. Hence the council asks for two volunteer ships to go search for them, against Lock's protests. Captain Soren ( Steve Bastoni ) stands up immediately. No other reacts to the request. Bane/Smith suggests to Ballard that they should volunteer, but Ballard just tells him to shut up. Eventually Niobe declares her willingness to search for the missing party, to Lock's surprise and horror. He tries to forbid her to go, but she is determined, because some things never change and some things do. Neo, Trinity and Morpheus arrive at a French restaurant in the Matrix, where thy find the Merovingian ( Lambert Wilson ) and his wife, Persephone ( Monica Bellucci ), at the head table as if they were king and queen. As a "trafficker of information", as he calls himself, the Merovingian knows why they are there. The question is, according to him, do they know? He says they are there because they were told to, declares he has no intention of letting go of the Keymaker and tells them to tell the Oracle from him that "her time is almost up." He also explains to them what he holds as the one truth, namely the forces of causality. As he has said all he feels like sharing he cuts the negotiations short and excuses himself to the men's room. Neo, Morpheus and Trinity are escorted to the elevator by the Merovingian's henchmen. When the elevator stops and the doors open they see Persephone waiting for them. "If you want the Keymaker, follow me," she says dryly and takes them to the men's room (where the Merovingian is not). "Why are you doing this?" Neo asks. Her answer is that she has come to resent her husband. She will take them to the Keymaker on one condition: that Neo kiss her as if she were Trinity, she wants to remember what love feels like. Trinity protests by pulling a gun at Persephone, but as they need the Keymaker she has no choice but to back down and look on in anguish. As soon as Persephone is satisfied she fulfills her promise. She leads them through the kitchen of the restaurant and to a door at the other end. This she opens with a key similar to that of Seraph's. This takes them to the great hall of a chateau. Persephone further leads the party to a small study where two shady men are sitting guard. She shoots one with a silver bullet and tells the other to tell his master what she has done or die like his friend. "He's in the lady's room," Persephone shouts after the vampire as he scurries off and opens a secret door to the dungeons, where they find the Keymaker ( Randall Duk Kim ). As they re-enter the main hall, the Merovingian and his henchmen burst through the front door. He is shocked by his wife's actions and fail to understand her reasons. She plainly explains that it is just like he said: cause and effect. The Merovingian claims there is no cause for this, but Persephone points out the lipstick he is still wearing (not on his lips...) and leaves. The Merovingian immediately order the Twins ( Neil Rayment and Adrian Rayment ), who turn out to have the ability to turn into spectrals, to get the Keymaker back. The Keymaker flees right away and Trinity and Morpheus follow him, leaving Neo to handle the henchmen. They put up more of a fight than the agents, but are still not much of a match for the One. Disappointed the Merovingian and company leave the way they came, closing the door behind them. This causes the connection between the restaurant and castle to break and when he re-opens the door Neo finds himself high up in the mountains. He therefore runs the way the Keymaker went. Meanwhile, the Keymaker connects the door at the end of a hallway to a parking lot, but Trinity fails to close the door before one of the Twins gets an arm between the door and the door frame. Thus the other twin can merely glide through in spectral form, prompting Trinity to fight him (Morpheus holds the door), but she loses and the Twin pulls a knife to her throat. Morpheus has no choice but to let the other Twin through. In the meantime, the Keymaker acquires a car and Trinity runs over and gets in the driver's seat while Morpheus holds the Twins at bay. Morpheus gets in the car and they flee. As they drive away one of the twins closes the door in Neo's face. Neo crashes through the door anyway, but is again in the mountains. He calls Link who can only tell him he's in the mountains. Neo then inquires how Trinity and Morpheus are doing. They are in trouble, Link tells him, and gives him directions to their whereabouts. In the city Morpheus and Trinity are zooming through the streets trying to shake off the pursuing Twins who have acquired a car of their own. Morpheus calls Link for help and it turns out the only way is onto the freeway. By now, a load of police cars are on their tail. "You always told me to stay off the freeway," says Trinity. "Yes, that's true." "You said it was suicide." "Then let us hope that I was wrong." Elsewhere in the Matrix, Niobe calls Link to tell him they have come to get them out. "Just follow the sirens..." says Link. On the freeway, the Twins are now in front of Morpheus and co. and as soon as they run out of ammo, the one not driving takes spectral form and lands himself in the backseat of the other car, next to the Keymaker. Morpheus tries to fight him off, to little avail. Then Agents show up; one lands on the hood of Trinity's and Morpheus's car and rips off the roof. Morpheus, though held down by the Twin, fires at him, but this helps no more than it ever has before. Trinity hits the brakes so that the Agent is flung off. Morpheus continues to struggle with the Twin and eventually gets hold of a sword which he thrusts through his seat, forcing the twin to let go of his solid self and get left behind. He is immediately picked up by his brother. "We are getting aggravated." "Yes, we are." Another Agent has caught up with our heroes and fires away as well hitting them with his car. They manage to lose him though, by leaving the freeway in a way that causes the Agent to crash into the railing. They are now on a bridge over the freeway and come to a full stop. "Trinity, get him out of here," orders Morpheus. "Come on!" she shouts to the Keymaker and they jump off the bridge onto a truck below carrying a load of motorcycles. Morpheus stays behind to handle the Twins. He does this by causing their crash and shooting the gas tank. Trinity and the Keymaker obtain a motorcycle and continue towards their exit. It is not long however before an Agent takes control of a semi-truck, forcing Trinity to turn around. Police follow and are soon transformed into more Agents. Morpheus comes towards them on the roof of another semi-truck and grabs the Keymaker. Trinity is no longer being pursued and escapes, as it is the Keymaker the Agents want this time. An Agent therefore attacks Morpheus instead, and they battle on top of the semi. After a while Morpheus, is thrown off, but Niobe catches him on the hood of her car. The Agent approaches the Keymaker. "You are no longer necessary." "We do only what we're meant to do," says the Keymaker. "Then you're meant for only one more thing. Deletion." replies the Agent . Just as the Agent is about to terminate the Exile, Mopheus jumps on him, throwing him off. This only prompts the Agent to relocate to the driver's seat of the same semi-truck, and forces Niobe to leave. Further back another Agent is in control of another semi-truck and turns the truck, aiming for the other truck and a head-on collision. "Neo, if you're out there, I could use some help," prays Mopheus to himself. "What is that?" wonders Link about something on the screen. Neo comes flying through the air, grabbing Morpheus and the Keymaker in the nick of time. In Zion, they learn that the machines drilling through the earth are currently being slowed down by iron, which means they will be in Zion in little over nine hours. Soren, Niobe, Morpheus and their crews are gathered with the Keymaker. He tells them what they must do. Neo must go through the door that leads to the source, but to keep the entire building from exploding, the electrical network providing energy to 27 square blocks must be disabled. Niobe and Ghost ( Anthony Brandon Wong ) must therefore take out a power station while Soren and his crew deactivate the emergency network. This will give a five-minute window during which Neo must open the door. "All must be done as one. If one fails, all fail," the Keymaker instructs. Back in the real world, while waiting for it to be time for him to go, Neo makes Trinity promise not to enter the Matrix. She agrees. Niobe and Ghost succeed, but Soren and his crew are killed by Sentinels just before they accomplish their mission. Link and Trinity discover that they aren't moving and so Trinity has to go in to finish their job. As Neo sees the lights go out he, Morpheus and the Keymaker enter the hall of back door, where they are met by Smith. Trinity enters the Matrix and all happens as in Neo's dreams. In the hallway Neo and Morpheus are assaulted by a horde of Smiths. They try to take Morpheus' body for their own, but Neo prevents it. In the heat of the battle the Keymaker sneaks around by using alternate doors and opens the one they seek just as the power grid fails again, thanks to Trinity. Neo grabs Morpheus and flies through the door. Unfortunately the Keymaker is gunned down by Smiths as he closes it again, and dies. Before taking his last "breath," he tells Morpheus which door to take to get home and gives Neo the key he needs to open the special door. Simultaneously an Agent is heading for Trinity without her knowledge. Neo enters the door of light. He is now in a room where the walls are made up of old-fashioned television screens. In a chair on the other side of the room sits the Architect ( Helmut Bakaitis ), the one who designed the Matrix. Neo asks why is he there. The Architect explains that Neo is an anomaly he has been unable to remove. "You haven't answered my question," Neo points out. The Architect confirms and mentions that he caught on faster than the others... The screens, showing Neo and expressing his thoughts, all express bewilderment by what the Architect means. "The Matrix is older than you know," the Architect explains. Apparently this is the sixth version. Neo has trouble accepting, but concludes that "either no one told me or no one knows." "Precisely." The anomaly is essential to the equations the Architect builds the Matrix from. "Choice, the problem is choice," Neo realizes. Just then Trinity is surprised by an Agent. She is no match for him and soon hits the floor. The Architect describes the first Matrix, which was perfect and therefore failed. The Architect tried again, making it reflect the human nature, but in vain. The problem was discovered by "an intuitive program, initially created to investigate certain aspects of the human psyche." The Oracle discovered (according to the Architect, by chance) that the humans had to be given choice. This leads them to Zion and Neo is with the Architect because it is about to be destroyed, a fact Neo cannot accept.The Architect simply points out that it is for the sixth time and they are getting better and better at it. Trinity continues to battle the Agent, but is slowly being defeated. The Architect explains that Neo must now return to the Source so that the "prime program can be launched. Then he must choose 23 people to rebuild Zion. If he does not the Matrix will crash due to system failure, killing everyone connected. As Zion is about to be destroyed that would mean the end of the human race. Neo points out however that machines need humans to survive. "There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept," the Architect claims. He doubts however that Neo will accept the extinction of all humans. The Architect elaborates that the five predecessors were designed to develop an attachment to their fellow human beings. Neo, on the other hand has a more specific aim for his affections. "Trinity!" Neo exclaims in a whisper. The screens are showing her predicament, and the Architect reveals that she entered the Matrix to save his life. The Architect presents Neo with two doors. The one to his right leads to the Source, and the one on the left to Trinity and the downfall of man. The old man can tell that Neo's feelings are blinding him from the "fact" that Trinity will die either way. As the Oracle predicted, Neo goes to his left, only stopping to threaten the Architect that he better hope they don't meet again. "We won't," is the only reply. Back in the real world Morpheus is just coming out of the Matrix. "We have a problem, sir," says Link. "Oh, no," exclaims Morpheus as he sees Trinity connected. Trinity is still battling the Agent and jumps through the window and falls, the Agent close behind, and he shoots her as predicted in Neo's nightmares. Neo, flying faster than ever, catches her just in time, the agent hitting the car, crushing it. Neo lands on a rooftop with her and lays her down. She appears fatally wounded. Neo removes the bullet by manipulating the code of the Matrix, but Trinity's heart stops. Neo refused to accept her death. Reaching through the code of the Matrix, he compresses her heart and restarts it. She awakens with a start and they kiss passionately. "I guess this makes us even," she whispers. Morpheus fails to understand why the prophecy has not come true. Neo tells him and the others that they have 24 hours to save Zion and that the prophecy was just another form of control, a lie. Morpheus has major trouble accepting this, but before they can contemplate this complexity, their proximity alert sounds. The sentinels are just outside of EMP range. "It's a bomb," says Neo. They flee. Keeping its distance, the sentinel they detected spins itself rapidly and releases a tow bomb that collides with the Neb. From a safe distance the crew see the Nebuchadnezzar blown apart by the powerful weapon. "I have dreamed a dream, but now that dream has gone from me," Morpheus says, heartbroken. The Sentinels pursue them immediately and the humans run for their lives. Suddenly Neo stops. "Something's different," he says "What?" asks Trinity. "I can feel them." As the Sentinels descend on them, Neo stops them in mid-air, as if he were emitting an EMP. As soon as all the Sentinels are down he collapses. Just then the ship Hammer comes to their rescue. Aboard, Neo is lying unconscious in sickbay, Trinity at his side. In the conference room, the crew of the ship tell Morpheus and Link about the counterattack on the digging machines. It all sounded good, but someone screwed up. An EMP triggered before they were in position and five ships were incapacitated. It was a slaughter. No one knows how it happened. The sole survivor now lies unconscious in the sickbay of the Hammer with Neo. It is Bane. Continued in " The Matrix Revolutions (2003) ." 
 The Punisher (2004)541) An undercover FBI agent becomes a vigilante and sets out to unleash his wrath upon the corrupt businessman who slaughtered his entire family at a reunion. Special agent Frank Castle had it all: A loving family, a great life, and an adventurous job. But when his life is taken away from him by a ruthless criminal and his associates, Frank has become reborn. Now serving as judge, jury, and executioner, he's a new kind of vigilante out to wage a one man war against those who have done him wrong. Mystic80 After a undercover operation where Bobby Saint, son of corrupt businessman Howard Saint, is killed. FBI agent Frank Castle retires. Howard Saint holding Castle responsible for the death of his son butchers Franks family during a family reunion and leaves Frank for dead. Burnt out and taunted by memories of his murdered family, Frank sets out to avenge his family, and he becomes a judge, jury and executioner known as "The Punisher", as Castle sets out to punish Howard Saint and his associates in a one man war, as Castle is not willing to give up until those responsible are dead and until he has his revenge. Daniel Williamson Frank Castle is a man who has seen too much death. On his final assignment, Castle plays his undercover role perfectly, but the operation spins out of control and a young man, Bobby Saint, is inadvertently killed. Inflamed by the death of their son, the Saints are willing to risk their newfound legitimacy on a wholesale mission of blood-vengeance. Castle's worst nightmare is about to come true, as Howard Saint and his lieutenants unleash hell at the Castle family reunion. But Castle, to his everlasting torment, survives. Until this moment, he has spent his entire life adhering strictly to the law. However, experience has taught him that the law cannot adequately penalize the people who murdered his family. Drawing upon all he has learned in twenty years, Castle sets in motion a plan to punish the murderers. austin4577@aol.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. One night in Tampa, Florida, Mickey Duka leads the young Bobby Saint to an arms deal. The deal is brokered by a man named Otto Krieg, who speaks with an accent due to his knowledge of six languages. The exchange goes bad when FBI suddenly burst into the scene, and agitated, Otto pulls out a gun. The police fire back, killing everyone except the cowardly Mickey, who is terrified when he sees Bobby's body. The bodies are taken away, but Otto Krieg stands up unharmed, and speaks with an unaccented voice that he hates the undercover jobs he's always been taking. Arnold Creed is really Frank Castle, a FBI agent who is just retiring. This case had been his last, and he was upset at the death of the young man. The police are ill at ease when they discover who the young man is, Robert Saint, son of crime lord Howard Saint. When the news reach the Saint family, the second son Johnny orders Mickey to be bailed out. Mickey is taken by the Saints to a club and beaten. He explains to Quentin Glass that Bobby went to the meeting of his own free will, and that Otto Krieg, the man responsible for the deal, is dead. Howard is still unsatisfied, and kills another man who was supposed to be responsible for his son in front of Mickey. Meanwhile, Frank returns to his family, his lovely wife Maria and young son. Frank knows he has been neglecting them and forcing them to move constantly, but he promises London would be the last place to move to. Before that though, they will go to a family reunion in Puerto Rico. Howard Saint goes to confirm his son's body, and when the police proved unwilling to share information with him, he orders his own men to find out everything about Arnold Creed. At the funeral of his son, Quentin informs Howard that Krieg was a fake, that his real name is Frank Castle. Howard orders him killed, but his wife Livia adds that the whole family must also die. Howard agrees, while Johnny decides to go to Puerto Rico with the other assassins. The assassins arrive just in time for another family outdoor beach party. Frank has gone inside with his father to look at some modified guns, they hear the gunshots. Though they fire back, they are unable to rescue anyone. The assassins completely slaughter the family, and although Maria and her son manage to escape in an SUV and drive away, the assassins eventually catch up and run them over on a pier. Frank, distracted by a knife fight with one of the goons, arrives too late. The assassins return, and Johnny beats and shoots Frank himself, telling him "My father and mother send their regards". Quentin then torches the place, and they leave Frank for dead, not knowing that the explosion actually blasted Frank into the water. They return to the Saints & Sinners club, where they toast to "a score settled", and Howard gives Livia a pair of diamond earrings to celebrate. Quentin slow dances with Livia as Howard watches, then Livia strips off her dress for Howard when they are alone. Candelaria, one of the Castle family's friends, rescues Frank. After Frank recovers Candelaria takes him back to the Castle house. Frank picks up the guns his father had been showing him, as well as a T-shirt with a skull logo that his son had given him. Filled with anger, he is determined to have revenge and returns to America. He returns to Tampa and move into a poor run down apartment building, where he starts modifying guns, the apartment he lives in, and his car. Frank's actions catch the interest of his friends, the opera- and food-loving fat Bumpo, the piercing-covered skinny video gamer Spacker Dave, and the lovely Joan, who works as a waitress and is friends with Bumpo and Dave. One evening, Frank drives off in his car. He kidnaps Mickey and using a blowtorch, steak and popsicle, tricks him into revealing all he knows about the Saints. Mickey starts screaming (which badly scares Frank's neighbours). Mickey eventually gives in, telling him that Howard Saint relies on two Cubans, the Toro brothers, who control all gambling and prostitution up and down the Gulf coast. They give the money to Howard, who transports it to his bank in the Grand Caymans and "washes it". Frank releases Mickey, who discovers he was never really hurt, and freely talks about the Saints - whom he claims he hates; Mickey has been forced into their servitude. With the information about the family's schedule and their closest friend Quentin Glass, Frank starts following them and taking photos. He learns about Howard's golf schedule, Livia's movie nights, Johnny's women and cars lifestyle and Quentin's secret homosexual trysts. Afterward, he drags his own gravestone out of the graveyard and plants it in Howard's golfing spot with the date of his death removed. Frank meanwhile confronts his former police colleagues in front of several reporters, asking why nobody was arrested for his family's death after five months. Learning that the police were too afraid of taking the Saints head-on, Frank takes matters into his own hands. He sneaks into the Saints' bank building, gets past two guards and gets to the vault. He hits one man unconscious and orders two others counting cash to fill up a suitcase with money. The rest of it he throws out the window, which draws in a noisy crowd trying to catch the money. Frank, dressed in a long black coat and the skull t-shirt, confronts two of Saint's armed guards and kills them, he escapes easily into the crowd. The Tampa TV news reports the bank incident and identifies Frank. Bumpo and Dave look up Frank's history on the Internet and find his resume. Meanwhile, Howard is furious at the news, and receives a warning from the Toro brothers that if they lose more money they will be switching bankers. Back in Frank's apartment, an angry former boyfriend bangs on Joan's door demanding to be let in. Bumpo and Spacker are scared, but Frank easily disarms the man and sends him away. Joan thanks him and says they are sorry for what happened to his family. Setting his vengeance in motion, Frank breaks into Livia's car and calls Quentin on her phone with a device to disguise his voice. He blackmails Quentin Glass for $5000, saying he has photos "Mr. Saint would not want to see", telling Glass to come to a hotel. Frank parks Livia's car illegally near the same hotel, and gets a ticket. Howard, looking for Quentin and failing, is told by Micky that the man was at the Winston hotel. He later spots Livia and Quentin talking and laughing together and becomes more suspicious. Quentin denies being at the hotel. The next day, as Frank eats at the diner Joan works at, a man comes in with a guitar case. They eye each other suspiciously, then the newcomer, Harry Heck, starts singing a Johnny Cash-type ballad. Harry says he wrote it for Frank and the song will be played at his funeral. Frank leaves the cafe and is chased by a gun-firing Heck. Frank is saved by special steel panels he's installed in his old Pontiac GTO, but still crashes. After a brief standoff, he kills Heck. Aboard a cigarette speedboat moored at a jetty Johnny finds a Claymore bomb with the sign "Front Toward Enemy". Johnny jumps off the boat just in time as it explodes, Frank is standing on an overlooking hill. Howard is agitated enough to start throwing things around, and the Cubans march into his office. The two sides argue, Howard says they've had a good partnership but the business was one without insurance so he refuses to cover their losses. Before the brothers leave he warns the them that if they don't like it he has more guns than they do. Howard tells Quentin to call "The Russian." Dave asks Frank to help because Joan's hostile ex-boyfriend is back. At first he closes the door on him, but reopens it seconds later and goes to the apartment, where he finds Joan and Bumpo there preparing a meal. They invite him for the meal, and after saying what they're all thankful for, they eat. Afterward, Dave and Bumpo leave for dessert, and Joan tries to tell Frank to move on with his life and comes close for a kiss. He tells her he is not what she's looking for, and leaves. Joan goes to help make the "Iced Florentine" dessert and dance to opera music. Frank opens a bottle to have a drink alone in his apt when suddenly a very large blond man appears. The music drowns out the fight between Frank and "the Russian". Frank is beaten badly by the seemingly indestructible foe. The fight eventually leads into the others' apartment, terrifying Joan and the others. Frank manages to throw a pot of boiling water in the Russian's face and while stunned, Frank pushes himself and the man downstairs. Frank is able to move but the large man lies still, his neck broken. Frank stands up briefly but passes out due to his own injuries. The three neigbours try to patch Frank up. Meanwhile downstairs, four of Howard's hitmen discover the body of "the Russian" and head upstairs. Joan and Frank hide in a secret room under the floor, while Spacker and Bumpo remain to deal with the men. Quentin questions the two and tortures Dave, cruelly yanking out all his piercings with pliers. Dave refuses to say where Frank is. Quentin finally believes him, and after leaving one of his men to report should Frank return, he leaves. Johnny calls his father to report the Russian is dead and Castle is missing. Quentin is somewhere else. Livia tells Howard she is going out until 10, it is her Thursday movie nite. When Frank recovers he kills the guard with a paper cutter blade, then asks Dave why he would help him. Dave answers because they're neighbours and family. Bumpo takes him to the hospital, while Frank prepares his weapons, much to Joan's dismay. Frank also writes a "declaration of intent" where he invokes the motto of his old drill sergeants, "Si vis pacem para bellum" ("If you want peace, prepare for war.") and states that the justice he's pursuing is not criminal, but punishment. Joan asks how he's any different then the Saints, Frank replies "they have something to lose". Joan realizes part of Frank's idea was to be killed in battle. Frank breaks into Livia's car again and takes her diamond earrings from her handbag. He sets up another blackmail meet with Quentin. Mickey, under Frank's orders, shows Howard the ticket on Livia's car at the Winston hotel. Howard remembers that Quentin was also there at the time, and suspicious, heads to Quentin's home. Meanwhile, as Quentin leaves his mansion, Frank breaks in. Howard goes in later and discovers Livia's earring in Quentin's bed. When Quentin returns, Howard greets him at the stairs, startling the man. Howard tells him a story of how Jim Bowie of Alamo fame accused another of cheating by breaking into their home, moving their furniture, and throwing a knife in the middle between the people involved. As he talks he moves Quentin's furniture and throws a knife on the coffee table. Quentin claims rightly that he never took a cent from Howard. When Quentin refuses to pick up the knife, Howard swipes him with it. Snapping about how Quentin thought him an idiot because Howard treated him like his brother, Howard stabs Quentin to death. Frank drives off. When Livia returns home, she sees Howard throwing her things on the floor. He tells her he knows about "her and Quentin", that she was with his best friend. Upon seeing Quentin's body by the doorway, and when shown the parking ticket by the Winston Hotel, she tells him that Quentin was gay. Howard doesn't believe her, only slapping her and dragging her out to the car. He reminisces about their history and her former prostitute status before they arrive at bridge overpass. He throws her over the side, where she is quickly run over by a train. Howard goes to his club, where he offers his men a reward for the one who kills Frank. Alone in his office, Johnny asks where Quentin and Livia are, but his father outright lies to him. In a forest, Frank prepares himself for battle. He has a sawed-off shotgun, bow and arrows, M16 with grenade launcher, his father's modified 1911 Colt .45s, several small anti-personnel mines, a bulletproof vest and the skull tee. He kills Howard's guards, then sets bombs to several cars and sneaks into the club. From upstairs one of the men orders champagne by pressing a mic button. Frank sets a bomb in the bucket he sends up the dumbwaiter. When the bomb goes off, Frank rushes in, shooting anyone still left alive. Frank also takes a few point blank shots into his vest. He finds Johnny trapped and injured, and forces him to hold onto a mine with a deadman switch. Then he goes out and finds Howard, telling him he killed both his sons as from behind in the building, Johnny screams as the bomb goes off. The two men standoff cowboy style, Frank wins the draw, wounds Howard, and shows him the photos of Quentin's affair as well as Livia's other earring. Frank taunts Howard that he made the man kill his best friend and wife. Then he ties Howard by the feet to the back of a car and sets the car in motion through the parking lot, setting off the bombs he planted earlier. From the sky the fires form a shape of a skull as Howard slowly burns to death. Back at home, Frank is about to commit suicide and shoot himself when a memory of a blond women - Marie - stops him. He decides to set himself a new path and leave. Meeting up with Joan, he tells her that she is right, good memories could save a life. He leaves, telling her he has a gift for all three of them. When Dave is released from hospital, they find wads of cash left for them. High on a bridge a Frank voiceover claims that Frank Castle is dead, he is now the "Punisher." 