nm0010271:

 Dogman (2018)Summaries A timid dog groomer living in a poor suburb sells cocaine on the side and stays out of trouble, while trying to deal with his unstable, violent acquaintance who is a menace to the whole neighborhood. Marcello, a small and gentle dog groomer, finds himself involved in a dangerous relationship of subjugation with Simone, a former violent boxer who terrorizes the entire neighborhood. In an effort to reaffirm his dignity, Marcello will submit to an unexpected act of vengeance. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Suburra: Blood on Rome (20172020)Summaries In 2008, a fight over land in a seaside town near Rome spirals into a deadly battle between organized crime, corrupt politicians and the Vatican. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Diaz: Don't Clean Up This Blood (2012)Summaries A reenactment of the final days of the 2001 G8 Summit. July 2001. 200,000 protesters, consisting mainly of anti-globalization activists and anarchists of the Black Bloc) try to prevent the G8 summit from taking place in Genoa. The authorities, determined not to let them achieve their aim, give a free hand to the anti-riot police in the matter of repression. The Police superintendent decides a nighttime raid upon the Diaz school, used as a sleeping quarter and a center for those providing media, medical, and legal support work. The film tells about the ordeal put through by all those who slept or worked there, courtesy of the barbarous Police forces, complete with furious baton attacks and shameless humiliation following arrests. Guy Bellinger It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sole cuore amore (2016)Summaries The story of a friendship between two young women Eli and Vale struggling with everyday probrlems in the suburbs of Rome. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 