nm0005327:

 I Know What You Did Last Summer (1997)651) Four young friends bound by a tragic accident are reunited when they find themselves being stalked by a hook-wielding maniac in their small seaside town. After an accident on a winding road, four teens make the fatal mistake of dumping their victim's body into the sea. But exactly one year later, the dead man returns from his watery grave and he's looking for more than an apology. Anonymous When four friends accidentally hit and kill a man on a road at night, they start to panic and decide to dump the body into the sea. A year later, they all try to settle down again, but one of the friends receives a note in the post, with the words 'I know what you did last summer'. As each of the friends gains their own reminder, they finally accept the one thing they feared the most; someone knows what happened that night, and now they're out for revenge. FilmFanUK After Helen Shivers (Sarah Michelle Gellar) wins a beauty pageaent, Julie James (Jennifer Love Hewitt), Barry William Cox (Ryan Phillippe), and Ray Bronson (Freddie Prinze Jr.) are celebrating along with graduation on the 4th of July. The four friends go to a party and decide to head out to the beach in the middle of the night. Barry, who is intoxicated, decides to let Ray drive his car back home from the beach. On their way home, they hit and apparently kill a man who is walking in the road. While thinking what to do with the corpse, Julie's friend Max Neurick (Johnny Galecki) arrives. Julie tells him that everything is fine so he leaves. While dumping the body in a nearby sea, the body becomes alive and tries to attack Helen. They dump the corpse in the ocean and agree to never discuss again what had happened. Tristan Williams It's the fourth of July and four friends Julie, Ray, Helen, and Barry are celebrating along with graduation. On their way home they hit a pedestrian walking down a curved corner. They make a pact to keep it a secret in hopes of saving their futures. While dumping the body in a near by sea, the body becomes alive and tries to attach Helen. They throw him in and never return to that site. One year later, Julie returns home from college for summer break. In the mail she receives a letter stating that "I know what you did last summer." Julie freaks out and gathers up her old friends who are now separated, miserable and not speaking. They all decide to find out who saw them that fateful night and in the process of tracking the suspect down, the body count goes up. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It's the 4th of July, 1996 and four high school seniors, Julie (Jennifer Love Hewitt), her boyfriend Ray (Freddie Prinze Jr), Julie's best friend Helen (Sarah Michelle Gellar) and her boyfriend Barry (Ryan Phillippee) decide to have some fun on their last summer as kids. So they party and get drunk and go to an isolated beach by their town. While on the beach, they discuss their futures beyond their small town, as well as discuss an urban legend regarding a young couple who find a hook attached to their car door. Since Ray is the only one of them that is sober, he is tasked with driving them back home. The ride soon gets out of control when Barry spills alcohol in the car, distracting Ray, who accidentally hits a random stranger on the road. The incident soon turns ugly when the group begin to argue over what happened. The police won't believe it as an accident, since there's alcohol spilled in the car, and the car belongs to Barry. The situation grows worse when a vehicle appears in the distance. This turns out to be another local teenager, named Max (Johnny Galecki). Julie distracts him by saying they just had car trouble, and he drives on. Once he's gone, the talk turns to disposing of the body to hide what happened. Julie feels that they should tell what they did but Barry, drunk and in a violently-upset rage, demands that no one be told, with Helen taking Barry's side. They take it down to the nearby docks and dump the body in the water, with Barry making everyone swear to take the secret to their graves. One year later and now a freshman in college, Julie goes home for the summer. While at home, her Mom gives her a letter that was received, but it has no return address and is not postmarked. Inside, she finds a folded piece of paper with a message: "I Know What You Did Last Summer!" Panicked over their secret having gotten out, Julie goes to Helen's sister Elsa (Bridgette Wilson), to inquire for Helen's number in New York. However, Elsa soon reveals that Helen went to college in New York and then came back, now working in their family's store. They then go to see Barry. Barry claims that no one can know, and as the three discuss that fateful night, Barry recalls how Max drove by, and he was the only person there that night. Barry immediately suspects him, and the three head down to the nearby docks. Barry claims he'll 'talk' to Max in private, but Barry gets carried away, threatening Max with an ice pick, telling him to leave them alone, even though Max claims he has no idea what Barry is talking about. While down at the docks, Julie finds Ray working off a fishing boat down there. He tries to patch things up regarding their now-broken relationship, but she runs off. Back inside Max's workplace, unseen by anyone, Max is killed when an unseen person uses the ice pick that Barry had threatened Max with. Later that evening, Barry goes to a local gym to workout. In the locker room, he hears a sound. Looking around the locker room, Barry finds nothing until he returns to his locker. He soon finds a Polaroid photo of his BMW, with a message written on the back: "I Know." Barry also finds that his jacket is gone. Rushing out of the locker room, Barry see his car turn on, and back off down the road. Barry gives chase, only to have the driver attempt to run him down. The driver, wearing a dark fisherman's rain slicker and wielding a large ice hook, gets out of the car and stands over him. Barry ends up in the hospital, but is unable to tell the police anything about the person's identity, other than that he wore a black rain slicker, and carried an ice pick. In his hospital room, the four friends talk about what happened, with Barry still strongly against revealing what they did. Julie then reveals that she has been doing some investigating, and reveals that the name of the person they struck was David Egan. Feeling that maybe Egan survived and is staying with a local relative, Julie and Helen head out to the Egan's residence deep in the inland swamps. Julie and Helen arrive at David's house where they find David's moody older sister, Missy (Anne Heche). Missy explains that David's death devastated their family, as Julie and Helen act under the guise that their vehicle has broken down. While both of them originally think that Missy may be the killer, talking with her, they soon write her off their suspects list. However, Missy does explain that someone came after her brother had died, claiming to be his friend. When the girls ask for this person's name, Missy believes it to be 'Billy Blue'. Helen returns to her home that night, and prepares for the 4th of July parade the next morning. She does not notice the fisherman sneaking into her house through the back door, going upstairs and hiding in her bedroom closet. Waking up the next morning, she is horrified to find that someone has slashed her hair in the night, and written 'Soon' on her vanity mirror. Helen then calls Barry and Julie to come over quickly. On her way over, Julie hears a strange sound coming from the back of her car. Upon reaching Helen's, she hears something in the trunk and opens it, to reveal Max's dead body, with crabs crawling over him! Julie rushes in to tell Barry and Helen, but when they return, the crabs and Max's body have disappeared from the trunk. Barry assumes Julie was hallucinating, but she swears she did see Max's dead body. Julie, Helen, and Barry confront Ray about the recent events, which Barry thinks that Ray is behind it. Ray strongly denies being the one and claims that whoever knows is after him too for he received a similar letter. Julie decides to revisit Missy to ask her more questions about David Egan and about the visitor 'Billy Blue', while Helen and Barry go to participate in the 4th of July parade. During the parade, Barry keeps an eye out for the killer, but notices that there are several people wearing the dark rain slickers running about. Chasing one, Barry leaves Helen on one of the parade floats. As it passes by a 2-story building, she notices a shadowy figure in a black rain slicker, reveal an ice pick in a threatening way as the float passes by. Meanwhile, Julie arrives back at Missy's house in hopes to convince her that her brother is still alive, and to secretly find out more about who the stranger called Billy Blue was. Missy tells Julie that her brother is dead, and presents her with a suicide note that was left by him which reads 'I will never forget last summer'. Julie thinks that the handwriting matches that of the note she received, and tries to convince Missy that her brother is not dead. However, Missy soon grows upset by Julie's ravings, and orders her to leave her property. At the annual Croaker Pageant, Helen is in attendance as her reign as the Croaker Queen is about to come to an end. Barry is watching from an upstairs balcony, but as the pageant goes on, Helen lets out a yell when she sees the killer pull Barry into the shadows! Rushing upstairs with a police officer, they look around but find no sign of the killer or Barry. The officer thinks Helen imagined it, and offers to take her home. On the way there, the officer cuts through an alley and finds someone working on their truck engine, which has stalled across the street. The officer gets out to investigate, only to come face-to-face with the killer, who kills the officer with the ice hook. Helen manages to break out of the police car, and rushes for her family's store, where her sister Elsa lets her in. Helen demands that Elsa lock all the doors, but before Elsa can finish the job, the killer enters through a side door and slashes her to death. The killer then stalks after Helen, chasing her out of the store, down an alley, and near a pile of used tires where she is killed steps away from the 4th of July parade that is going on. Meanwhile, Julie has returned to town does some further research into the death of David Egan. A year before the 'accident,' David and his girlfriend Susie were involved in a car crash not far from where the film's 'accident' scene occurred. David survived, but Susie died. The research mentions that Susie had a father, named Ben Willis. Julie then figures it out: They did not kill David Egan that night! Her assumption is that David had been found along the road by Ben, who killed him and disposed of the body. But before Ben could get home, the four crashed into him during their joyride that night. Julie then decides to tell Ray who is working down by the docks. She explains her theory, but he doesn't believe it. As they talk, she suddenly notices the name of the boat he works on Billy Blue! Julie panics, thinking that Ray may actually be the murderer and takes off running, only to be chased by Ray before a fisherman stops him, and puts her onto his boat. As she looks around the boat, she finds one room that contains photos and other articles about her, Helen, Barry and Ray... and realizes that she is on Ben's boat! Ben has set the boat adrift and intends to kill Julie, who leads him on a cat-and-mouse chase through the ship. Eventually, Julie winds up in an ice room to store fish, and finds the corpses of Helen and Barry. Ray manages to come to his senses, and takes a small motorboat, catching up to Ben's boat. In the end, Ray manages to use the ship's rigging to save Julie, causing Ben to lose his arm in which he carried the hook, and plummets over the side. All that is found of Ben is the severed arm with the hook in the hand. When the Police question Julie and Ray about why Ben would have wanted to kill them, they claim they have no idea. A year later, Julie is enjoying another year of college, and is getting ready to return to her hometown to see Ray. As she prepares to take a shower, her college roommate says that there was a letter left for her. Fearing the same thing as before, Julie is relieved to find that it is an invitation to a pool party. Returning to the showers, the hot water has caused the room to steam up. As Julie heads towards one shower stall, she stops upon seeing writing on one of the doors, which reads: "I still know." The last shot is Ben, crashing through the glass shower door at the camera (aka Julie), the ice pick now embedded in the stump of his missing arm. 
 Scooby-Doo (2002)44) After an acrimonious break up, the Mystery Inc. gang are individually brought to an island resort to investigate strange goings on. The Mystery Inc. gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years, until they each receive an invitation to Spooky Island. Not knowing that the others have also been invited, they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways. Fred, Daphne, Velma, Shaggy and Scooby soon realize that they cannot solve this mystery without help from each other. Doug_Funnie Well Zoinks! They're back together again!! After two years apart, Mystery, Inc. are back together and ready to solve the mystery of Spooky Island. Spooky Island is a resort run by one Mr. Emile Mondavarious, who is having troubles with what he believes are real spooks. This is bad for business, when it gets around and threatens to send the guests scattering back to the mainland. Mondavarious convinces the gang that they are needed and should work together. But is the island really haunted, or is there just a sinister individual behind all the ride malfunctions and creepy, crawly creatures? If so, who could it be? SindyMac Mystery Inc. (Daphne, Fred, Velma, Shaggy, and Scooby Doo) has broken up; on the grounds of who has been solving their cases. After two years seperated, they are mysteriously joined together to solve a case on Spooky Island. A theme park owned by a man named, Mondavarious. He needs their help, figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober. But it seems they are brought back as one for more than just solving a case. Rachel <DaphShagFredVelmScoob> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I Still Know What You Did Last Summer (1998)431) The murderous fisherman with a hook is back to once again stalk the two surviving teens, Julie and Ray, who had left him for dead, as well as cause even more murder and mayhem, this time at a posh island resort. Ever since killing the Fisherman one year ago, Julie James is still haunted by images of him after her, causes her relationship with Ray Bronson to suffer further. When her best friend Karla Wilson wins free tickets to the Bahamas, Julie finds this a perfect opportunity to finally relax. But someone is waiting for her. Someone who she thought was dead. Someone who is out again for revenge. FilmFanUK Two years after the horrible incident, Julie is back in college and is worse than ever having dreams about the killer. She gets comfort from a new friend named Will. Julie's other friend Karla tries to hook the two of them up and when she wins a trip to the Bahamas, she knows that it is perfect. But Ray is still in the picture and Julie only goes as friends. Karla, her boyfriend Tyrell, Julie, and Will take flight right before Ray encounters the fisherman again. He tries to tell Julie not to leave but it is too late. Now in the Bahamas Julie is starting to lighten up and have fun. Then suddenly things start going terribly wrong when a storm hits the Island and people start to disappear. Ray takes a boat to the island to warn Julie but will he make it on time to save Julie again from the fisherman? Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Julie James had just spent a harrowing summer running for her life and dealing with the brutal murders of Helen Shivers and Barry Cox, by a vengeful fisherman named Ben Willis. One year later, Julie has fled her hometown to attend college in Boston, and left the painful memories behind her. Karla Wilson (Brandy), Julies spunky friend and roommate, wins an all-expenses-paid Bahamas vacation for four on the Fourth of July weekend, if she can name the capital of Brazil. She answers "Rio", and is told that she is correct. Julie wants to invite her boyfriend Ray on the trip, but he declines. He's hurt by her refusal to visit him in Southport, where the murders took place the previous summer. Thus Julie, Karla, Tyrell, and their new friend Will Benson, head to the Bahamas. When they get there, they find that the other hotel guests are leaving because hurricane season has begun. Soon, several murders occur at the resort, and Julie is forced to tell the others about her past. Suspicion falls on the voodoo-practicing porter Estes, who is trying to protect them. It is revealed that the vacation was arranged especially for Julie, and Karla didn't really win anything because she answered the Brazil question incorrectly. Estes leads them to a graveyard site where Ben Willis' family is buried, and there is one tombstone that has Julies name, and the years written on it in blood, with an open hole, where Ben plans to dump her body in after he kills her. It turns out that another person of the Willis' family is alive. Will Benson is in fact Ben Willis' son, and he drags Julie away from the others after killing Estes, Tyrell and Nancy. Will takes Julie to his family's graveyard and introduces Julie to his father, Ben Willis. Julie didn't know Will was related to Ben Willis. The survivors attempt to hide in a small building, but this does not work. Ray arrives just as Ben catches up with Julie and Will. In the fight between Ray and Will, Ben accidentally stabs his son with his own hook. Then Ben Willis is shot with Ray's gun by Julie. Afterwards Ray and Julie are home, in their newly-purchased house. As Julie enters her bedroom and sits down on the bed, she looks in the mirror, leaning against the bottom part of her wall, and notices the fisherman under her bed. The film ends with Ben Willis grabbing Julie by the ankles and pulling her under her bed. 
 She's All That (1999)55) A high school jock makes a bet that he can turn an unattractive girl into the school's prom queen. She's All That is your typical high school prom king and queen story and the run in defending the star status in the upcoming election. High school hottie, Zack Siler is dumped by his prom-queen girlfriend, the equally attractive and extremely popular, Taylor Vaughan who fell for a second-hand world reject TV soap star who she met over the spring break. Having been publicly dumped, Zack defends his discomposure by stating that Taylor is all make-up and wonder-bra and he can make any ordinary girl a prom queen with a similar package. His high-school buddy, Dean Sampson, engages him in a bet following this statement and picks the geeky looking Laney Boggs out of the crowd as the girl Zack must transform into the new prom queen. Zack agrees since he has no option, but as time passes and Laney begins to transform, Zack begins to find her attractive. While all that falls beautifully in place, it's not your typical fairy-tale. Throw in Dean Sampson to complicate the situation, as when he first made the bet he never thought that Zack could rise to the challenge but looking at how Laney has transformed, it looks like Zack could be on a winning streak. Sofea Shah Freddie Prinze Jr. stars as a high school hottie who makes a bet with a fellow classmate that he can turn geeky Rachel Leigh Cook into a Prom Queen. Problems arise when hot shot Prinze becomes involved and in love with the transformed Cook. Buffy <SurferBetty@worldnet.att.net> High school favourite Zach Siler is dumped by his prom queen shoe-in girlfriend for some slimey TV soap star. On the rebound he takes a bet from his best friend that he can take up with mousey bespectacled Laney Boggs and get her voted prom queen instead. Great friend, impossible task. Though once Laney scraps her glasses, does her hair, and gets into decent rags, Zach finds himself taking rather a lot of notice of her. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} A modern-day version of George Bernard Shaw's Pygmalion, where Zack Siler, is a Los Angeles high school hunk who's been dumped by his popular, but mean-spirited, girlfriend Taylor Vaughn for a famous volleyball player. Frustrated, Zack accepts a bet from his friends that he can turn Laney Boggs, a geeky girl into the school's prom queen. Naturally he falls in love with her which leads to other complications from each other's friends and enemies alike. Matt Patay It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 