nm0011425:

 Tesseract (2005)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Tesseract draws a line between photographer Eadweard Muybridge's obsession with photographing movement and his act of jealous murder in 1873. Muybridge's life and work became a fracturing of time where duration is sliced, mechanized, and stopped from flowing - this was a temporal insanity that led to cinema itself: the re-animation of the frozen image. Muybridge's form, a spatial layout of time, is used here in film. The screen is split into panels, a moving photographic layout, fracturing our perspective of time, and the narrative of Muybridge's life. tesseract : a four dimensional cinema-cube stretching through time. 
 Ghostwritten (1999)Summaries A reclusive young idealist suffers violent consequences when he refuses to continue ghost-writing for a corrupt old man. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Give & Take (I) (2013)Summaries Ellie is an idealistic, young actress living in NYC. She's a very giving person, so when her husband, Mitchell, gets a job offer back home in Buffalo, Ellie reluctantly agrees to the move. Mitchell loves Buffalo, so Ellie looks for happiness there, too. She joins a little theatre company and, unwittingly, winds up emotionally involved with the director, James. Ellie just keeps on giving and others keep on taking! James casts Ellie in a theme park show and tells her it will be lots of fun, and she'll get to do it eight times a day! He neglects to mention the grueling physical challenges involved. The show finally puts Ellie over the edge and, at last, she learns to take care of herself. She returns to Mitchell, but on her own terms this time. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Operation Delta Force 2: Mayday (1997 TV Movie)Summaries A ship captained by the father (Dale Dye) of the leader (Michael McGrady) of Delta Force is taken hostage by terrorists. As might be expected the force is sent in to stop them. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 