nm0002343:

 Shooter (I) (2007)541) A marksman living in exile is coaxed back into action after learning of a plot to kill the President. After being double crossed for the attempt and on the run, he sets out for the real killer and the truth. Bob Lee Swagger, one of the world's great marksmen and the son of a Medal of Honor recipient, is a loner living in the Rockies. He's left the military, having been hung out to dry in a secret Ethiopian mission a few years before, when he's recruited by a colonel to help find a way that the President of the US might be assassinated in one of three cities in the next two weeks. He does his work, but the shot is fired notwithstanding and Bob Lee is quickly the fall guy: wounded and hunted by thousands, he goes to ground and, aided by two unlikely allies, searches for the truth and for those who double-crossed him. All roads lead back to Ethiopia. <jhailey@hotmail.com> A top Marine sniper who previously abandoned the military after a routine mission gave way to tragedy is double-crossed by the government after reluctantly being pressured back into service in Training Day director Antoine Fuqua's adaptation of Stephen Hunter's novel Point of Impact. There was a time when Bob Lee Swagger (Mark Wahlberg) was the best trigger-man in the military, but after growing disillusioned with the system, he disappeared without a trace. When high-profile government officials locate him at his remote mountain retreat following an extensive search, Swagger is coerced back into service in order to stop a determined assassin from taking out the President of the United States. In the process of carrying out his mission, however, Swagger suddenly realizes that he has been betrayed when he becomes the subject of a nationwide manhunt. Now wounded and desperate to reveal the culprits behind the conspiracy before it's too late, Swagger sets into motion a revenge plan that will send shock waves rippling to some of the most powerful and corrupt leaders in the free world. Having seen his spotter buddy Donnie Fenn die as disloyal brass abandoned them on mission, US marines champion sharpshooter Bob Lee Swagger resigned to live in the Wyoming Rockies, alone with his dog. Colonel Isaac Johnson uses his fellow Medal of Honor reputation and patriot appeal to lure Bob back for a short mission: working out how a 'suspected' sniper could kill the president, speeching at a Philadelphia venue. After his report, the other speeching guest of honor, Ethiopian archbishop Desmond Mutumbo, is killed 'by accident'. A local cop fails to eliminate Bob, who is shot twice and handcuffs rookie special agent Nick Memphis to steal his FBI car, which he drives after a long chase into the river. Unable to treat his wounds beyond cleansing burns, he drives to Donnie's widow Sarah Fenn in Kentucky. She helps sew him up and assists his search for the culprits, later joining forces with Nick, who faces dishonorable discharge or worse but smelled a rat and dares dig for the nasty truth on Johnson's White House ploy, rescued by Bob before a torture team was to dispose of Nick. Taking on the schemers proves dangerous for all. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the film opens, US Special Forces sniper Bob Lee Swagger (Mark Wahlberg) and his scout Donny Fenn (Lane Garrison) lie in wait in the hills of Ethiopia, ready to deliver covering fire for a US convoy heading back to base through hostile country. They pass the time with small talk, and Donny looks at a photo of his wife, Sarah (Kate Mara). Far below, a lone truck carrying a machine gun in the back speeds towards the American convoy. Swagger takes out the shooter and driver, each with a single shot to the head. It seems like the mission is over as the Americans make their way down the road until a horde of hostile militia appear, firing on the soldiers. Donny relays target information while Swagger systematically picks off numerous hostiles, allowing the US forces to escape. Protecting the convoy has revealed the sniper's position, and soon the two snipers are under heavy fire. Back at base, their commanding officer is more concerned about avoiding detection, as the Americans aren't supposed to be in the country, and Swagger and Donny are abandoned, left to fend for themselves, left for dead. An enemy helicopter begins to strafe their position. Donny is killed. Swagger fires futilely at the helicopter with his sniper rifle until he uncovers a Barret 50 caliber VBM82A3 SASR, and returns fire on the helicopter, bringing it down in flames. The smoke engulfs the screen as the helicopter crashes and explodes. Three years later Swagger is a private citizen, living in the mountains, a recluse from the world that abandoned him. Unshaven and long haired, he lives alone; his only companion his dog, trained to open the fridge and take out a cold beer for Swagger as he returns to his cabin. Sharing a slurp of the beer with his dog, Swagger turns on his PC and the Internet, looking at news of a world that mostly has him shaking his head. At a military office, the wheelchair-bound Michael Sandor (Rade Serbedzija), Colonel Isaac Johnson (Danny Glover), Jack Payne (Elias Koteas), and Louis Dobbler (Jonathan Walker) are planning an op: Sandor recommends Swagger, and they discuss his past... this lost soul, covert-ops hero now turned loner, seems perfect for their needs. Bouncing up the woodland track, Johnson and his men drive out to meet Swagger. Alerted by his barking dog, Swagger is alerted as the men approach his cabin. Johnson introduces himself to Swagger, flaunting his own Medal of Honor. Tension mounts, as Swagger is not interested in talking, and when Payne tries to lure the dog to him, Swagger warns him off. Tension escalates as Payne reaches slowly down towards his gun and Swagger readies a hidden blade. Johnson calms the situation, convincing Swagger to give him five-minutes. Payne and Dobbler wait outside as Johnson explains their presence: they have received information about a planned assassination attempt on the president and, with a mole in one of their agencies, they've turned for help to Swagger. One of their few intelligence clues is that the assassin's shot will be taken from over a mile, a shot which only a few men are capable of doing. Still Swagger wants nothing to do with the plan, but Johnson insists. The president will travel to three different cities, and Johnson wants Swagger to travel to each and scout potential places for a sniper. Feelings of patriotism, or perhaps habit begin to change Swaggers mind. Still, as Johnson prepares to leave, Swagger takes a picture of as he admires their truck's engine. As they drive back down the mountain, Swagger's professional suspicion is understood by Johnson and his men they know he didn't take a picture of the engine, but of their license plate. But he's agreed to their plan. Swagger sets up a can of beef stew and practices the beyond a mile shot, nailing it with complete accuracy. Swagger cuts his hair and trims his beard. As he cleans his guns he tells his dog that he'll be gone for a couple of days. True to his word, Swagger scouts each location in turn, reporting back to Johnson that the likely location is Philadelphia. Johnson wants Swagger there to help catch the assassin. Spooling forward to the day of the speech, snipers are everywhere, along with federal agents, one of whom is rookie FBI Special Agent Nick Memphis (Michael Pena). Swagger stands in a nearby office with Johnson, Payne, and Dobbler, and a pudgy Philadelphia Police Department cop, Officer Stanley Timmons (Alan C. Peterson). Johnson claims the shooter is in a church tower nearby, and says that they will take him down just after the president begins to speak, but Swagger's eye is taken by the fact that Timmons' gun is not properly holstered. The president is scheduled to speak immediately after the Archbishop of Ethiopia, who is accepting an award. As the president approaches the stand, Swagger urges Johnson to have his men take down the shooter immediately, but at that moment events lurch forward: the Archbishop is shot in the head, and Timmons suddenly shoots Swagger in the shoulder. Swagger falls out of a window, landing hard on a glass ceiling below. Timmons leans out and shoots Swagger in the stomach, driving him through the glass ceiling. As Payne's team men pack up their things he chews out Timmons for not finishing off Swagger. They leave behind Swagger's sniper rifle and a bullet. Payne orders Timmons to finish Swagger off. As Swagger flees, he stumbles into Memphis, asking for his help. Memphis draws his gun but Swagger flips him over hard on the ground. He handcuffs Memphis to a gate, telling that he was set up and Timmons is in on it. Grabbing Memphis's gun, Swagger drives off in his car. Timmons catches up to Memphis, and alerts the cops that Swagger has stolen an FBI car. Now everyone is searching for Swagger, and he drives into a car wash to hide from the helicopters. While his car is being washed, Swagger hops in the back seat and cuts a hole to the trunk, where he grabs a medic kit and tends to his wounds. Speeding out of the car wash he is seen again by the cops and a chase ensues. The back end of his car is smashed by a pickup truck, causing him to spin around and Swagger finds himself directly in front of a line of police officers. Throwing the car into reverse as the cops open fire on him, Swagger drives through a construction site and directly into the Delaware River. The cops recover the car, but no Swagger. He is pulled alongside a boat, and makes it underneath a bridge. From there, he hot-wires a truck and takes off. Meanwhile, FBI agents watch a news report of the assassination attempt and of Swagger's escape. They are all not happy that Swagger overpowered Memphis so easily, even though Swagger is highly trained and Memphis is three weeks out of the academy. While meeting with his superior officer and other agents, Memphis tells them what Swagger said to him, but they all say that he didn't hear anything. Memphis will be put up for review. Swagger drives to a store and knocks out the power so that the store owner cannot recognize Swagger, then goes inside and buys supplies. Swagger drives to an empty car repair station and makes an IV for himself using the supplies. Swagger drives all night to Kentucky, where he goes to Sarah's home. She's startled by him coming by, since she's seen the news about what happened. Sarah lets him come inside, and he apologizes for not coming to meet her after Donny died. She did receive his letter though, along with flowers each year on the anniversary of Donny's death. Swagger gives Sarah a list of things to get, and sends her out to get them. She eventually buys everything, and he quickly instructs her how to treat his bullet wounds before passing out. Even though shes not a nurse, she does a decent job of cleaning him up. Meanwhile, Memphis looks further into the assassination attempt and discusses it with fellow agent Alourdes Galindo (Rhona Mitra), who tells him to stop looking into it. The facts don't add up for Memphis: For one thing, Swagger is a top-notch sniper capable of impossible shots, and Memphis doesn't think Swagger wouldn't have missed the President (the assumed target) in the conditions at the time if he'd been the one who did it. Also making him suspicious is the fact that the ballistics report came in literally ten minutes after the shooting, while the scene was still locked down and before the pursuit of Swagger could even begin. Furthermore, the story that Officer Timmons gave is questionable: he claims that he saw a rifle barrel sticking out a window, but Memphis knows that no sniper does that. They instead sit back further in the room, and shoot from there, which reduces the risk of getting hit by return fire from enemy soldiers. As if that weren't enough, he's told that Officer Timmons was shot and killed by a "mugger" just hours after the shooting, making him think that Timmons was indeed in on the frame-up and was killed to keep quiet. Memphis goes to all of the locations that Swagger went to, and goes to the church tower where he sees specific markings in the dust. He's convinced that Swagger isn't the guy they should be after, since he would not have missed the president and hit the Ethiopian Archbishop. Memphis also goes online to a gun chat room, where he finds out exactly what kind of gun was used in the assassination attempt. During this time, he begins to notice that people are watching him. Swagger eventually gets better, and tells Sarah that he's going to go after the guys who set him up. Sarah informs him that news reports are saying that Swagger killed his dog and tried to kill the president, with pictures released of him scouting out each location. Swagger is pissed that they killed his dog and plans to see this through to the end. He blames himself for Donny's death, but Sarah slaps him in the face and tells him that Donny fully knew what he got into. Sarah gives Swagger Donny's first sniper rifle and volunteers to help him. Their first course of action is to find Memphis. Sarah wears a disguise and meets Memphis in a public place, handing him the photographs of Johnson's license plate. Swagger watches across the street, but is seen by police who think that he's suspicious. Two cops approach him, one with an attack dog. After Sarah and Memphis leave, Swagger throws coffee into a cop's face and makes the dog attack the cop. He then throws the cop and dog through a window while beating the crap out of the other police officer. He ditches his jacket and walks away. Memphis sneaks into a restricted area of the FBI office and tries to find information about the license plate number, but he's blocked out and requires a delta level clearance. Galindo tells him that he's going to be fired if he keeps looking into this, and starts to notice the faults as well in the facts of the Philadelphia shooting. She winds up telling him how to get the security clearance though. Dobbler informs Johnson about the internet chat room, and someone trying to access delta level security information. They realize that Memphis is looking where he shouldn't, and plan to take him out. As Memphis is walking on a bridge, he is abducted by masked men in a van. Memphis is severely beaten, and the men put him in a rig that will make him shoot himself. Swagger shoots each man one by one using Donny's rifle, and frees Memphis, who knows that Swagger was set up and agrees to help him. Johnson hears that Memphis didn't die and knows that he's now working with Swagger. He orders his men to look deep into Swaggers past. Memphis drives them to Tennessee, where they visit an old humorous marksman expert. Swagger asks the expert who could make a shot beyond a mile that's still alive. Apart from Swagger, there's one man. The sniper used to be sadistic, just shooting to wound and killing everyone who tried to help the wounded. He must have killed hundreds of people. He was in a building that was destroyed, and some believed him to be dead. The sniper is Michael Sandor, the handicapped Russian that's working with Johnson. Johnson knows that Swagger is going to look for the shooter, and so lets Sandor act as bait to lure Swagger out. Dobbler found that Swagger has sent flowers to Sarah each year, and believes that she helped him. Johnson orders them to get her. Swagger and Memphis go to a big hardware store and buy lots of supplies. They then drive out to the woods where they make napalm, pipe-bombs, and gas bombs. Swagger teaches Memphis to use a sniper rifle, and makes him practice while he sets off bombs nearby. Meanwhile, Sarah thinks that someones in her house and takes out her shotgun. A henchman appears with a silenced pistol, but is blasted through the chest by Sarah. Payne sneaks up behind Sarah and makes her put down the shotgun. He asks her where Swagger is, and beats her up. Elsewhere, Johnson meets with corrupt senator Charles Meachum (Ned Beatty) and gets his approval to fly in over twenty soldiers to kill Swagger. Swagger and Memphis find where Sandor is, and plan an attack. Memphis remains in position near the forest while Swagger moves closer to the cabin. He sneaks up behind a guard and stabs him in the back, then sets up some bombs. He stabs another guard through the chin, and again places more bombs. Swagger makes quick work of the third guard, and shoots the fourth in the head. Sandor is all alone now, and reveals to Swagger what really happened. The president was never in any danger and the archbishop was the target, because he was going to talk about Americans committing genocide to build an oil pipeline. The best way to kill the archbishop was to make it look like a failed attempt on the president. Swagger unwittingly was part of the genocide, since back in Ethiopia, Donny and him were covering the soldiers that murdered the villagers. Swagger asks about Johnson, but Sandor doesn't know what his real name is, though he does know that he works for Meachum. Soldiers surround the cabin, and Memphis warns Swagger. Sandor pulls out a pistol and shoots himself in the head. Swagger orders Memphis to set off the pipe-bombs, and then the gas bombs. Two soldiers come into the house, and Swagger shoots both dead. Memphis sets off the bombs, and Swagger shoots his way out of the cabin. Memphis covers Swagger, and a big shootout ensues. Swagger makes it to Memphis, and a helicopter shows up to kill them. Swagger thinks back to Donny's death, and fires upon the helicopter. Both men run a safe distance and set off the napalm bombs, blowing up the remaining soldiers and destroying the helicopter. The incident is covered up though, since all the bodies were removed before the authorities show up. Memphis calls the FBI field office and talks to his superior officer, informing him that he has Swagger in custody. He talks long enough for them to trace the call. Swagger then calls Johnson, who tells him that he wants to meet. Johnson reveals that he has Sarah, and Swagger reveals that he recorded Sandor's confession about everything. Johnson agrees to meet, but wants to see him coming from a long way off. Swagger requests that Meachum be present. The meeting is in the snowy mountains where Johnson, Meachum, Payne, and Sarah are present. Payne rigged a shotgun to his hand and is holding Sarah at gunpoint. They see Swagger walking towards them in the distance, and he is immediately shot in the chest by a hidden sniper. Johnson and Meachum are pleased, but their hidden snipers are shot through the head one by one. Turns out Swagger was posing as a hidden sniper while Memphis was walking towards Johnson. Memphis pulls out his armor and continues to walk towards them. Swagger aims carefully, and destroys Payne's shotgun while blowing off his thumb. Payne laughs in shock, and then Swagger blows off his arm. Memphis disarms Johnson and Meachum, and Swagger finally approaches them. Sarah grabs a pistol and shoots Payne to death. Meachum offers Swagger a job, but he refuses. Memphis calls in the FBI to come to their location, and Swagger burns Sandor's recording. Memphis tells him that it proves he's innocent, but Swagger knows that whoever turns over the recording is dead. No one there is innocent, and so they wait for the FBI to show up. Some time passes, and Swagger is brought to a meeting in the Department of Justice. Present are the Attorney General, Johnson, Memphis, and Sarah. Memphis shakes Swaggers hand and slips him unseen by others in the room. In front of him is his sniper rifle, and Swagger's hands are freed. He asks if the rifle has been tampered with by the FBI or any other authority, but it hasn't. He turns to Memphis, asking whether he believes in Swagger's innocence whether he trusts him with his life. Memphis answers yes, and Swagger loads a bullet into the rifle, aims at Memphis, and pulls the trigger to a resounding "click", as nothing happens. The truth of the situation is clear: before he left to scout locations, he removed the firing pins from all his weapons (including the rifle in front of him that was supposedly used in the shooting). It was impossible, then, that he had used his weapon to kill the Ethiopian Archbishop. Clearly innocent, Swagger and Memphis then argue that the real guilty parties in the room is Johnson, tying him to the mass grave in Ethiopia. But the Attorney General has no jurisdiction over crimes Johnson may or may not have committed in other countries. Johnson is allowed to leave, telling Swagger that he had won again. The Attorney General frees Swagger, convinced that he's innocent. He tells Swagger that sometimes justice isn't fair but we don't live in the Old West anymore where you can clean things up with a gun. They exchange knowing looks. Some time later, Johnson celebrates his victory with Meachum and Dobbler in a remote cabin. Meachum and Johnson laugh about winning again, and Meachum plans to move Johnson out of the country to fix another problem they have. As Dobbler begins to explain his next mission, blood splatters on his face. A dead guard falls down directly in front of him. Johnson realizes that Swagger is there, but is shot through the chest. He dies very painfully. Dobbler turns off the lights, and Meachum orders him to get the car. Meachum's SUV explodes, and the men panic. Swagger moves underneath the cabin, and Dobbler tells the remaining bodyguard that Swagger is under the floor. Swagger shoots Dobbler through the knee from under the floor, and shoots the guard to death from below. He then enters the cabin, where Dobbler pleads with Swagger to spare his life since he didn't do anything. Swagger shoots Dobbler in the chest and approaches Meachum. "I'm a Senator: You can't do this!" cries Dobbler, as Swagger blows his brains out with a pistol, before placing it in Johnsons hands. Swagger breaks the gas line of the cabin, and as Swagger leaves, the cabin explodes. The film ends with Swagger, Sarah behind the wheel, driving into the distance. 
 X-Men Origins: Wolverine (2009)431) The early years of James Logan, featuring his rivalry with his brother Victor Creed, his service in the special forces team Weapon X, and his experimentation into the metal-lined mutant Wolverine. Two mutant brothers, Logan and Victor, born two hundred years ago, suffer childhood trauma and have only each other to depend on. Basically, they're fighters and killers, living from war to war throughout U.S. history. In modern times, a U.S. Colonel, Stryker, recruits them and other mutants as commandos. Logan quits and becomes a logger, falling in love with a local teacher. When Logan refuses to rejoin Stryker's crew, the Colonel sends the murderous Victor. Logan now wants revenge. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Hunted down like prey and always on the run, the mutant half-siblings, James Logan and Victor Creed, roam this earth for nearly two centuries. Having survived an endless string of devastating wars thanks to their incredible regenerative and self-healing abilities, the brothers, eventually, will part ways when Colonel William Stryker offers them a chance at redemption. However, against the backdrop of a personal loss, Logan will also confront an even bigger challenge--one that brings him head-to-head with the ugly face of retribution, and a technologically enhanced mighty adversary. Has the wild Wolverine the tools to vanquish him? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1845 in North-Western Territory, British North America, young James Howlett ( Troye Sivan ) sees his father John Howlett ( Peter O'Brien ) killed by his friend Victor Creed's father, Thomas Logan ( Aaron Jeffery ). In an act of vengeance, James kills the elder Logan using bone claws which have grown out of his hands due to the stress of the incident. With his dying breath, Logan tells James that he is also his son. James runs out of the house, followed by Victor, who finds him and promises his younger brother that he'll look out for him. James and Victor ( Michael-James Olsen ) run away, pursued by a torch-wielding mob. In the years that follow, adult brothers James ( Hugh Jackman ) and Victor ( Liev Schreiber ) are seen fighting together in the American Civil War, World War I, World War II, and eventually the Vietnam War. Their regenerative powers keep them from being killed in the battlefield and they both age considerably slowly compared to non-mutants. James is forced to act as a check on Victor's increasing rage and ferocity. In Vietnam, Victor kills a superior officer after being stopped from raping a girl, and James and Victor are sentenced to death by firing squad, though their unique regenerative abilities keep them alive. While they are incarcerated, Major William Stryker ( Danny Huston ) approaches the two mutants and offers them membership in Team X, his elite group of mutants. The team consists of mutants Fred Dukes ( Kevin Durand ), who possesses super strength and invulnerability; John Wraith ( Will.i.am ), who can teleport; Chris Bradley ( Dominic Monaghan ), a.k.a. Bolt, who can control electricity and possesses telekinetic abilities; expert marksman Agent Zero ( Daniel Henney ); and mercenary Wade Wilson ( Ryan Reynolds ), an amazing swordsman who never stops talking. The brothers join the group and are sent to the team's first mission: Invade the headquarters of a diamond trafficking operation in Lagos, Nigeria, to retrieve a meteorite. When Stryker asks the diamond smuggler about the source of the meteorite, the smuggler tells him that it came from a remote village further into Nigeria. The team goes there and Stryker and the team brutally interrogate the local people to learn where the meteorite was found. James is disgusted by the murders committed by his teammates and abandons the group over Victor's persuasions and protests. Six years afterward, James -- now going by his last name, Logan -- is a lumberjack living with his girlfriend Kayla Silverfox ( Lynn Collins ). Meanwhile, Victor hunts down and murders Bradley, who works at a circus; Victor mentions that Wade is already dead. Stryker locates Logan and claims that someone is killing members of the now-disbanded team. Stryker asks Logan for help, but is refused. Shortly after, Silverfox is murdered by Victor. Wolverine hunts down his half-brother, but is easily defeated. Stryker once again asks Logan for help, and Logan agrees. Stryker has Logan's skeletal system reinforced with adamantium, a virtually indestructible metal retrieved from the meteorite source found by Team X in Nigeria. Before the procedure, Logan asks for his new dog tags to say "Wolverine," a reference to a story that Kayla told him. After the procedure, Stryker orders Wolverine's memory to be erased, but Wolverine overhears this and flees. Stryker orders Agent Zero to hunt him down and take his head off. An elderly couple, Travis ( Max Cullen ) and Heather Hudson ( Julia Blake ), see Wolverine -- who escaped in the buff -- enter their barn. They're wary but welcoming, giving him food and clothing, including a leather jacket of their son's -- and their son's motorcycle. The next morning, both are shot dead by Zero. Wolverine takes out several HMMWVs, a helicopter and Zero himself, telling Stryker over Zero's radio, that he'll hunt him down. Stryker warns Wolverine that if he chooses to go after the answers he seeks, he won't like what he finds. Wolverine locates former associates John Wraith and Fred Dukes (who is now massively obese from a guilt-driven eating disorder), seeking to learn the location of Stryker's new laboratory. After beating Dukes in a boxing match, Wolverine learns the disbanded team had been capturing young mutants for Stryker. One of them, Remy LeBeau ( Taylor Kitsch ), also known as Gambit, escaped the island laboratory and knows its location. Dukes tells Logan that his brother Victor is actually working for Stryker, capturing and killing mutants for him. Meanwhile, Stryker captures a teenaged Scott Summers ( Tim Pocock ) with Victor's aid. Wolverine and Wraith locate Gambit in a New Orleans bar. Wolverine talks to Gambit while Wraith keeps watch outside, but Gambit suspects Wolverine was sent to recapture him and, using his ability to charge objects with kinetic energy, throws several playing cards at Wolverine that send him flying through a wall. Outside, Wolverine sees Victor has killed Wraith and taken a sample of his blood. Wolverine fights Victor, only to be interrupted by Gambit. Victor escapes, and after a brief struggle, Gambit agrees to take Wolverine to the Stryker's secret mutant prison/laboratory. The facility turns out to be Three Mile Island. Once there, Wolverine confronts Stryker and learns Silverfox is still alive; Victor faked her death with hydrochlorothiazide. She was keeping track of the mutant to free her sister, Emma Frost ( Tahyna MacManus ), who is also in the prison. Wolverine is devastated by this betrayal. Now having no quarrel with Stryker, Wolverine departs. Victor, angered that Stryker let Wolverine go, demands the adamantium procedure. Stryker, however, tells him that he won't survive the procedure and in an act of rage, Victor tries to kill Silverfox, her power of persuasion failing to influence Victor despite her physical contact with him. Wolverine hears Silverfox's screams and attacks Victor. Finally having the chance to kill Victor, Wolverine chooses not to give in to his animal instincts and instead knocks him out. Silverfox shows Wolverine to the holding cells, and he frees the mutants there; among them are Emma Frost and Scott Summers. Panicking, Stryker prematurely activates his newest creation, Weapon XI ( Scott Adkins and Ryan Reynolds ), a bald, pale-skinned and deformed Wade Wilson, lacking a mouth and with patterns on his skin marking his adamantium bone structure. As the rescue party approaches an exit, it is blocked by Weapon XI, who is under Stryker's control. Wolverine tells them to find a new exit as two long blades extend from Weapon XI's arms. The blades are similar to Wolverine's claws, but more like katana swords, Wilson's weapon of choice. Wolverine realizes that this monstrosity is actually Wade Wilson. "Looks like Stryker finally found a way to shut you up," he quips. Weapon XI, also called Deadpool, is a mutant Frankenstein's monster, with the abilities of several of the killed and captured mutants: Summer's optic blasts, Wraith's teleportation, and Wolverine's healing ability. During the escape, Silverfox is mortally wounded. The other mutants escape through the facility's tunnels, guided by Scott who is unable to tell them how he knows the way out. Emerging from the tunnel, the party encounters a helicopter. Riding in the helicopter is a familiar figure: Professor Charles Xavier ( Patrick Stewart ), who has guided them to safety and offers them a home at his school. Meanwhile, the fight between Wolverine and Weapon XI moves to the top of one of the nuclear power plant's cooling towers. Weapon XI overpowers and prepares to decapitate Wolverine, but Victor returns to aid his brother. Wolverine and Victor, now working together, are able to decapitate Weapon XI, sending its head, still firing optic blasts, down into the cooling tower. Wolverine coldly informs Victor that despite his help, their relationship is over. Victor reminds him that as brothers, they can never be finished, and jumps off the the cooling tower. The damage from the optic blasts causes the cooling tower to collapse, but Wolverine is rescued by Gambit. Wolverine asks Gambit to ensure the prisoners are safe, while he returns to find Silverfox, who stayed behind because she was wounded. As he carries her to safety, Stryker shoots him in the back with an adamantium bullet. Wolverine charges Stryker to kill him but is shot in the head, knocking him unconscious. Stryker approaches Silverfox and prepares to shoot her as well but she uses her powers of persuasion to order Stryker to first throw away the pistol and then walk away until his feet bleed. She then dies from her injuries. Gambit returns to assure Wolverine that the mutants are safe, but due to amnesia caused by the brain damage the adamantium bullets inflicted, Wolverine does not remember anything (this was Stryker's intention, knowing that even the adamantium bullets could not kill Logan but will cause amnesia). Gambit tries to get Wolverine to come with him, but he declines. Gambit wishes Wolverine good luck before departing, and Wolverine flees the scene as the ambulances and police arrive. The film has several additional scenes during and after the credits. The first of these scenes plays a few seconds into the credits, and depicts William Stryker walking down a road. Due to Silverfox's order, the toes of his shoes are torn and bloody from walking for so long. A military vehicle drives up behind him and he is apprehended by military police for questioning about the death of General Munson. (Stryker murdered the general earlier in the film in order to protect his vendetta against mutants.) Depending on which theater the movie was shown in, one of two possible endings then appears following the credits. In the first ending, Weapon XI's hand reaches out from the rubble of the nuclear complex to touch his severed head. Deadpool's mouth is now open and he says "Shhhhhhhh" to the audience. The second alternate ending shows Logan drinking at a bar in Japan. The bartender asks if he is drinking to forget; Logan replies that he's drinking to remember. 
 Stargate SG-1 (19972007)Summaries A secret military team, SG-1, is formed to explore other planets through the recently discovered Stargates. General Hammond summons Colonel Jack O'Neill out of retirement to embark on a secret rescue mission. O'Neill confesses that he disobeyed orders to destroy the Stargate on Planet Abydos, and that scientist Daniel Jackson may still be alive. Arriving on Abydos with his team, O'Neill meets up once again with the scientist, who has discovered a giant elaborate cartouche in hieroglyphics. All signs point to the fact that this is a map of many Stargates that exist throughout the galaxy - a development that makes the dream of the SG-1 team to travel throughout the universe in time a reality. Sean Fitzgibbons It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 X-Men: Apocalypse (2016)761) In the 1980s the X-Men must defeat an ancient all-powerful mutant, En Sabah Nur, who intends to thrive through bringing destruction to the world. Since the dawn of civilization, he was worshiped as a god. Apocalypse, the first and most powerful mutant from Marvel's X-Men universe, amassed the powers of many other mutants, becoming immortal and invincible. Upon awakening after thousands of years, he is disillusioned with the world as he finds it and recruits a team of powerful mutants, including a disheartened Magneto, to cleanse mankind and create a new world order, over which he will reign. As the fate of the Earth hangs in the balance, Raven with the help of Professor X must lead a team of young X-Men to stop their greatest nemesis and save mankind from complete destruction. 20th Century Fox When the first mutant En Sabah Nur, who was worshiped as a god In Egypt, awakes in the present days, he learns how the world has been transformed in his absence. He decides to bring the Apocalypse to the world and recruits four powerful mutants to assist him in the destruction of the weak. Now the only chance to save the world depends on Professor Charles Xavier and a team of young mutants. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Since the dawn of existence, there has been an ancient being named En Sabah Nur who is believed by many to be the world's very first mutant. Awakened in 1983 after thousands of years in a deep slumber, he plans to rule the world and wipe out mankind with help from four new recruits (Storm, Psylocke, Angel and Magneto). With the fate of the world in uncertainty, Professor Xavier along with Raven, Hank and old ally Moira McTaggert, must lead a new generation of X-Men to fight the deadliest enemy they've ever faced. Blazer346 In 3600 BCE the mutant En Sabah Nur rules ancient Egypt until he is entombed alive. After being resurrected in 1983, he believes humanity has lost its way. Aiming to destroy and remake the world with the help of four evil followers, he recruits Ororo Munroe and upgrades her power. In East Berlin shape-shifting mutant Raven discovers Kurt Wagner, while En Sabah Nur recruits Psylocke and Angel, and enhances both of their powers. Can Professor Charles Xavier's students defeat Apocalypse and save the world from destruction? After the catastrophic events in X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014) , and with humanity still divided on whether the super-humans among us pose a threat or not, the all-powerful En Sabah Nur--or Apocalypse, the world's first mutant--awakens from the depths of an era where gods walked among the mortals. Disenchanted with the modern early-1980s world, Apocalypse enlists the help of the mighty mutants--Angel, Ororo Munroe, Psylocke, and a pained Magneto--to destroy our corrupt Earth, and from the ashes, witness the rise of a new world order. Now, with so much at stake, the shape-shifting Mystique and Professor Charles Xavier's loyal team of defenders are mankind's last hope. Will the X-Men live to fight another day? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nile Valley, 3,600 B.C. The people of Egypt are bowing down and chanting the name of En Sabah Nur (the ancient Egyptian language for 'Apocalypse'), a powerful being. He is brought into his pyramid by his Four Horsemen - Pestilence (Warren Scherer), Famine (Rochelle Okoye), Death (Monique Ganderton), and War (Fraser Aitcheson). They are set to begin a process to transfer En Sabah Nur's consciousness into the body of a younger successor (Oscar Isaac). As the sun hits the top of the pyramid, the process begins. Outside, the citizens of Egypt turn on their leader and send massive pillars sliding down into the pyramid to kill En Sabah Nur and the Horsemen. The Horsemen fight back against the other Egyptians as the pillars begin to destroy the pyramid. Death manages to form a protective shield on the successor before she and everyone else is crushed. The process is complete, but En Sabah Nur remains trapped beneath the rubble. We jump to Ohio in the year 1983. A high school classroom is discussing the events of 10 years earlier when Erik Lensherr/Magneto (Michael Fassbender) attacked the peace summit in Paris, and Raven Darkholme/Mystique (Jennifer Lawrence) stopped him. One student, Scott Summers (Tye Sheridan), complains that his eyes are hurting. A classmate mistakes it as him winking at his girlfriend. The teacher tells Scott to report to the principal's office but he retreats to the bathroom and hides in a stall. The classmate enters and threatens to beat him. Scott then opens his eyes and releases a powerful blast that knocks the other kid against the wall and causes significant damage to the walls and ceiling. In West Berlin, a bunch of people are gathered in a secret location to witness the mutant Angel (Ben Hardy) fighting a large fat mutant (possibly Blob). After taking him out, Angel prepares for his next challenger. Some men bring in the challenger locked inside a box. He is Kurt Wagner/Nightcrawler (Kodi Smit-McPhee). Nightcrawler is able to teleport as far as he can see, but within the cage where they fight is an electrical lining that prevents him from escaping. Meanwhile, Raven has made it in and she increases the voltage in the cage. Nightcrawler manages to take Angel down and pin him against the cage, frying Angel's wings. With Raven's help, Nightcrawler escapes the place. Lensherr now lives in Poland under the name Henryk Gorzky. He works at a metal foundry and has a wife, Magda (Carolina Bartczak), and a daughter, Nina (T.J. McGibbon). Erik tells Nina a bedtime story that he heard from his parents. She asks him what happened to them, and Erik explains how his parents were taken from him. Scott's brother Alex/Havok (Lucas Till) takes him to Xavier's School For Gifted Youngsters with bandages over his eyes to prevent another incident. Scott meets Hank McCoy/Beast (Nicholas Hoult), who is now a teacher, and then bumps into Jean Grey (Sophie Turner), a telepathic mutant. Alex brings Scott to Charles Xavier (James McAvoy). Scott removes his bandages to hit a target, but he ends up splitting a tree that Charles's grandfather planted. Highly impressed, Charles says Scott is enrolled. Meanwhile, Raven brings Nightcrawler to a location where a mutant named Caliban (Tomas Lemarquis) is helping other mutants create fake IDs and passports. Nightcrawler gets his picture taken so that Raven can take him to the U.S. In Egypt, an archeologist named Moira MacTaggert (Rose Byrne) discovers a hidden underground chamber that leads to the resting place of En Sabah Nur. A group of his followers recite a chant that revives him in his fully powered Apocalypse form. The followers are buried by the ensuing explosion, while Moira manages to get out. The explosion triggers an earthquake that can be felt throughout most of the continent and in Europe, including in Erik's workplace, where a large vat of molten metal falls and nearly crushes a man but Erik manages to manipulate it to save the man. At night, the students at school feel that something is wrong. Charles tells them all to stay in their rooms. He goes into Jean's room where he finds she's trembling and moaning. Charles looks inside her head and sees what she is dreaming of: she sees visions of chaos and destruction. Jean awakens and claims she saw the end of the world. She fears her powers, but Charles assures her that her power is great. Back in Egypt, Ororo Monroe/Storm (Alexandra Shipp) uses her power of weather manipulation to create a brief sandstorm that allows her to rob two men. They chase after her, which Apocalypse sees after witnessing her power. He follows the men as they prepare to cut off her hand. Using his own power, Apocalypse decapitates three other men with sand, while he traps the last man within a nearby wall. Elsewhere, Erik tells Magda that they need to leave after feeling he has been exposed. They call for Nina, but she is not in her room or in the yard. Erik hears a noise in the woods, which he and Magda follow. Nina is being held by an officer leading a group of other officers. They confront Erik regarding the incident at the factory, as well as his attack on the White House a decade earlier. He confesses to it and pleads for Nina to be let go. She is released and goes back to her mother. Erik joins the other officers, but Nina yells at the men to not take her father away. The sound of her voice (she's a mutant) causes the birds flying up above to attack the officers. One officer with a bow and arrow accidentally releases it, impaling both Nina and Magda. Erik runs to his family and cries. He takes off Nina's necklace and uses as a high-powered projectile to kill all the men. Charles and Hank go to Cerebro to find out what happened with the earthquake. He locates Moira in Egypt, clearly still in love with her. Charles and Alex take a trip to Langley at the CIA headquarters to visit Moira. She doesn't remember knowing Charles since he wiped her memories, but she still knows who he is. Moira explains that she was investigating En Sabah Nur's whereabouts and history, going into detail about his motives and followers, the Horsemen, and how he would give them special powers to aid him in destroying whatever they wanted. Ororo then brings Apocalypse to her home. She has a poster of Mystique, whom she considers to be her hero. Apocalypse places his hand on the TV to catch himself up on the last few thousands of years. Based on what he's seen, he determines that man has lost his way, and the world must be cleansed in order to be saved. He places his hand on Ororo and gives her powers added strength. Raven brings Nightcrawler to the school. He meets Jubilee (Lana Condor), Jean, and Scott (who now has red-tinted crystal eyeglasses that help him see without hurting anyone). They decide to hang out at the mall and watch "Return of the Jedi." Apocalypse and Storm then go to Caliban's facility to look for more powerful mutants. Caliban draws his gun on Apocalypse, but he turns it and the bullets to dust. As they step closer, Caliban is defended by Psylocke (Olivia Munn), a mutant with her own metal sword and a psychic katana. Clearly impressed, Apocalypse gives her an upgraded power. Psylocke leads Apocalypse and Storm to their next recruit. They find Angel in an abandoned building, where he is drinking and blasting Metallica, clearly not the same fighter he was before. Apocalypse turns his wings into metal with bladed feathers. Peter Maximoff/Quicksilver (Evan Peters) is watching a news report on Magneto. His mother comes downstairs and he pretends to have been playing the video game Mrs. Pac-Man. She knows what he was really watching and why he was watching it. Erik returns to the factory to confront his co-workers since they spoke to the police. He prepares to kill them all until Apocalypse, Storm, Psylocke, and Angel emerge. Apocalypse sinks the men beneath the ground and brings Erik to Auschwitz where he first used his powers and where he lost his family. Apocalypse encourages him to manipulate the metal in the earth, and to use his anger to fuel his energy. Erik begins to destroy the other buildings around him as Apocalypse vows to build a better world. Charles brings Raven, Hank, Alex, and Moira down to Cerebro to locate Erik. Charles finds him as Magneto once again, now having joined Apocalypse and the Horsemen. As Magneto speaks to Charles, Apocalypse sees the opportunity to link his mind to Charles's, which also lets him get into Cerebro and connect to anyone he wants. Apocalypse manipulates officials around the globe to launch all of their nukes into space so that no one, human or mutant, can stop him. Charles is overwhelmed by Apocalypse's power. He orders Alex to destroy Cerebro, which he does. The others pull Charles out of the room, only to encounter Apocalypse and the Horsemen appearing before them. Magneto pulls Charles in his chair and takes him. Alex releases a blast that causes a powerful explosion. Outside, Quicksilver arrives in time to do a power run through the school and evacuate everyone before the entire school is destroyed. However, he failed to save Alex, which Scott finds out about just as he and his friends return. He breaks down at the revelation. A chopper then descends to the ground. Moira approaches them, thinking they are part of another agency, until the leader steps out and removes his mask. It's William Stryker (Josh Helman). His men fire a sonic blast that incapacitates everyone, except for Scott, Jean, and Nightcrawler. Jean manages to keep them hidden by manipulating the mind of one of Stryker's men. Stryker captures Raven, Moira, Hank, and Peter. Nightcrawler teleports himself, Scott, and Jean into their chopper, but he cannot get anyone out because of the electrical lining within. Stryker takes everyone to his facility and traps Moira and the mutants in a room. Hank has re-mutated to Beast since he left his meds at home. Scott, Jean, and Nightcrawler sneak by the guards until they are spotted, forcing Nightcrawler to teleport them again. Simultaneously, Apocalypse brings Charles and the Horsemen to his old home and uses Charles to send a message to everyone on the planet, but Charles manages to get a hidden message to Jean to help her. In the cell, Peter admits to Raven that Magneto is his father, and he was hoping to be able to tell him. The three then come across a room with a chamber that has something locked up, angry and growling. As the guards approach, Jean opens the chamber, unleashing Weapon X ...aka WOLVERINE (Hugh Jackman). He gets his metal claws out and slaughters all the guards until he reaches an exit. Jean stops Wolverine and gently removes his brainwashing mechanism. She taps into his mind and gives him back the memories she could reach. Without a word, Wolverine retreats outside. The three then reach the cell, and Scott blasts the cell door open to release Moira and the mutants. Apocalypse destroys part of Egypt to recreate his own pyramid, and then gets Magneto to manipulate the magnetic poles to cause global destruction. Apocalypse then tells Charles he has the most important role in his plan. He wants to transfer his consciousness into Charles so that he can control everyone on the planet. Moira and the mutants fly toward Cairo to rescue Charles and defeat Apocalypse. Raven tells the others about her old team, and how she and Hank are the only ones left. Jean tells Raven she's a hero, but she doesn't see herself that way. The team reaches Cairo for the showdown. Beast and the young trio prepare for battle while Quicksilver and Raven (morphing into her natural Mystique form) head toward Magneto. She urges the trio to not hold back on their powers. Mystique and Quicksilver reach Magneto in the middle of his destruction, trying to convince him to fight for the good, with Mystique assuring him he has more family than he realizes. Quicksilver is about to tell Magneto of their relation, but he holds it back. Storm, Angel, and Psylocke come down and fight. Storm hurls lightning toward Scott, which he deflects with his beams. Psylocke uses her blades against Beast. Angel goes for a rematch with Nightcrawler. Nightcrawler traps Angel and heads into the pyramid to get Charles out in the middle of the transfer process. They and the other heroes make it back into their jet, but Angel and Psylocke reach them and try to break in. Nightcrawler gets everyone out of the jet as it crashes to the ground, killing Angel while Psylocke jumps to safety. An infuriated Apocalypse catches Quicksilver as he uses his super-speed to get some punches in, but Apocalypse traps his foot in the ground and breaks his leg. He orders Psylocke to execute him. Psylocke uses her katana to slash Apocalypse's throat. He grabs her by the neck, revealing Mystique in disguise. Storm watches as Apocalypse is killing her hero. The others are in a building for safety. Charles realizes he is still connected to Apocalypse and decides to fight him in their shared consciousness. Charles initially appears to have the upper hand, but Apocalypse overpowers him and starts trying to kill him. Magneto then turns on Apocalypse after realizing what side he's meant to fight on. As he holds Apocalypse off, Charles reaches Jean and gets her to tap into the fight with her mind. She manages to unleash her full Phoenix Force power to overwhelm Apocalypse. As he weakens, he tries to escape, but Storm uses her lightning to prevent him for leaving. Apocalypse's form deteriorates until he is finally disintegrated. After the battle, Psylocke quietly walks away. The team returns home. Erik and Jean help rebuild the school to its original form. Ororo asks Peter if he'll tell Erik he is Erik's son. He says he will eventually. He and Ororo decide to stick around. Although Charles asks Erik to stay, he chooses to leave, but he remains friends with Charles. Charles then goes to the Danger Room where Mystique is about to train Scott (now Cyclops), Jean, Storm, Quicksilver, and Nightcrawler into becoming true X-Men. A simulation then begins in which the students must battle Sentinels. After the end credits, a team of agents are at Stryker's facility. One man takes a sample of Wolverine's blood and puts it in a briefcase... which belongs to the Essex Corporation. 