nm0005653:

 Django (1966)431) A coffin-dragging gunslinger and a half-breed prostitute become embroiled in a bitter feud between a Klan of Southern racists and a band of Mexican Revolutionaries. Squelching across a God-forsaken ghost town near the US/Mexican border, always dragging a heavy coffin, blue-eyed Django, a drifting, mud-spattered, former Union soldier, saves runaway Mara from certain death. But, the wooden container with the mysterious content has already caught the attention of the racist ex-Confederate officer, Major Jackson, and his gang of white supremacists, and before long, things get nasty. Now, the guns have the final say, and as if that weren't enough, Jackson's sworn enemy, General Hugo Rodrguez, and his feared revolutionaries, enter the picture, wanting to have a piece of the action. Can Django, the taciturn stranger with the lighting-fast right hand, take on two armies of murderous henchmen, and live to tell the tale? Nick Riganas Walking through the desert dragging a coffin, a lonely cowboy rescues Maria from a group of bandits. That cowboy is Django, and he arrives in a muddy ghost town ravaged by those bandits, where only the saloon and the brothel, owned by Nataniele, are open. Soon, Major Jackson, who charges protection fees from the dwellers, rounds his gang up to face Django. Then a mercenary and acquaintance of Django, Gen. Hugo Rodriguez, arrives in town, and Django proposes a bold plan to steal the gold from Jackson and split between them. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the Mexico-United States border 100 years ago in the year 1866, a drifter (Franco Nero), wearing a Union army uniform and dragging a coffin, witnesses Mexican bandits tying a runaway prostitute, Mara (Loredana Nusciak), to a bridge and whipping her. The bandits are dispatched by henchmen of Major Jackson (Eduardo Fajardo) - a racist ex-Confederate officer - who prepare to kill Mara by crucifying her atop a burning cross. The drifter, who identifies himself as Django, easily shoots the men, and offers Mara protection. The pair arrive in a ghost town, populated by Nathaniel (Angel Alvarez), a bartender, and five prostitutes. Nathaniel explains that the town is a neutral zone in a conflict between Jackson's Red Shirts and General Hugo Rodrguez's (Jos Bodalo) revolutionaries. Jackson and his men arrive at the saloon to extract protection money from Nathaniel. Django verbally confronts two of the Klansmen when they harass a prostitute, and ridicules Jackson's beliefs. Django then shoots his men, and challenges Jackson to return with all of his accomplices. Afterwards, he goes upstairs and seduces Mara when she thanks him for his protection. Jackson returns with his entire gang. Using a machine gun contained in his coffin, Django guns down much of the Klan, allowing Jackson and a handful of men to escape. While helping Nathaniel bury the corpses, Django visits the grave of Mercedes Zaro, his former lover who was killed by Jackson. Hugo and his revolutionaries arrive and capture Jackson's spy, Brother Jonathan. As punishment, Hugo cuts off Jonathan's ear, forces him to eat it, and shoots him in the back. Later, Django proposes to Hugo, who he had once saved in prison, that they steal Jackson's gold, currently lodged in the Mexican Army's Fort Charriba on the other side of the border. Nathaniel, under the guise of bringing prostitutes for the soldiers, drives a horse cart containing Django, Hugo and four revolutionaries, two of whom are named Miguel and Ricardo, into the fort, allowing them to massacre many of the soldiers; Miguel uses Django's machine gun, while Django, Hugo and Ricardo fight their way to the gold. As Django and the revolutionaries escape, Jackson gives chase, but is forced to stop when the thieves reach American territory. Django asks for his share of the gold, but Hugo, wanting to use it to fund his attacks on the Mexican Government, promises to pay Django once he is in power. That evening, when Ricardo tries to force himself onto Mara during the post-heist party, a fight erupts between Django and Ricardo, resulting in the latter's death. Hugo allows Django to spend the night with Mara, but he chooses another prostitute. Django has the prostitute distract the men guarding the safe house containing the gold, and enters the house via the chimney. Stealing the gold in his coffin and activating his machine gun as a diversion, Django loads the coffin onto a wagon. Mara implores Django to take her with him. The next morning, Djiango and Maria arrive at the bridge where they first met. Django tells Mara that they should part ways, but Mara begs him to abandon the gold so they can start a new life together. When Mara's rifle misfires, the coffin falls into the quicksand below. Django nearly drowns when he tries to recover the gold, and Mara is wounded by Hugo's men while trying to save him. Miguel crushes Django's hands as punishment for being a thief, and Hugo's gang leave for Mexico. Upon arrival, the revolutionaries are massacred by Jackson and the Mexican army. Django and Mara return to the saloon, finding only Nathaniel there, and Django tells them that, despite his crushed hands, he must kill Jackson to prevent further bloodshed. Jackson learns that Django is waiting for him at Tombstone Cemetery and kills Nathaniel, but not before the latter hides Mara. Django, resting himself on the back of Mercedes Zaro's cross, pulls the trigger guard off his revolver with his teeth and rests it against the cross, just as Jackson's gang arrive. Believing that Django cannot make the sign of the cross with his mutilated hands, Jackson shoots the corners of Zaro's cross. Django then kills Jackson and his men by pushing the trigger against the cross and repeatedly pulling back the hammer. Leaving his pistol on Zaro's cross, Django staggers out of the cemetery, ready to start a new life with Mara. 
 The Heroin Busters (1977)Summaries An Italian policeman goes undercover to break up an international heroin smuggling ring and butts heads with a hot-tempered Interpol agent assigned by his agency to do the same task. A cold-blooded cop (Fabio Testi) goes undercover to take down an international drug syndicate, but when Interpol agent (David Hemmings) joins the investigation, the case takes a deadly detour into depravity and violence. Can the two tough detectives trapped in a criminal underworld stay alive long enough to ignite a citywide massacre?. wxjuh It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cy Warrior (1989)Summaries Part man. Part robot. All ass kick. Unaffected by extreme heat and cold, impervious to bio-weapons and totally obedient, Cyber Warrior One will be the soldier of the future for the U.S. military. There's just one problem - he has a heart. Frank Zagarino plays Trecibi, a cyborg created in secret by the U.S. military to serve as the perfect assassin. However, unwilling to go along with this plan, the good-natured Trecibi escapes one day and runs into a young boy who immediately befriends him and lets him hide in his family's house. The boy's adult sister quickly falls for Trecibi, who charms her with his good looks, constant mechanical noises and childlike innocence, so the siblings try to teach him how to act more like a normal human and blend in. Unfortunately, a black ops assassination squad led by a ruthless, sadistic and foulmouthed man named Hammer is sent to locate and destroy the cyborg, even if it means killing a whole bunch of innocent people just for being in the way. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Man Called Rage (1984)Summaries In a post-apocalyptic world, a soldier of fortune enters "The Forbidden Land" to find uranium that will help save mankind. However, a rival adventurer is also after the uranium, but for his own ends. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 