nm0003879:

 Valparaiso (2011 TV Movie)Summaries 21:07 GMT, somewhere in the English Channel: a supertanker, the "Magnificent", 400,000 tonnes of crude oil, 350 meters long, runs aground on the Casquets reef. The rocks tear through the double hull and the ship is going to sink, causing yet another oil slick. In Brussels, Emma Caglione, a young Green member of the European Parliament, works hard with the official commission of inquiry: Emma soon discovers that the cargo of crude oil had just been acquired secretly by "Oil&Co", a multinational group whose number 3, Balthazar Pards, is her father... Anonymous Balthazar Paredes, former supertanker captain, is on his way up at Oil & Co. His idealistic daughter, Emma, is an MEP investigating an oil spill implicating the multinational giant. Divided by politics, yet united by love, father and daughter spend a doomed seaside weekend together. Emma furiously flies herself home in a light aircraft...and dies when it crashes. Shattered, Balthazar takes up Emma's investigation where she left off and discovers the worst. Not only is Oil & Co deeply involved in dumping nuclear waste at sea, but her death was no accident. tv5monde.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Le Code (2021 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Les amants naufrags (2010 TV Movie)Summaries Too much in love, overly possessive, there's no doubt in Stan Mirkine's mind: his wife is cheating on him. Mathilde is unfaithful. And Stan's suspicions cast him into a hellish spiral of jealousy until the inevitable occurs: Stan kills his rival. But what if Stan had been misled by his paranoia... Or even by a frame-up? If so, who is pulling the strings? Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Quand je serai grande... Je te tuerai (2017)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 