nm0005150:

 The Young and the Restless (1973 )Summaries Set in Genoa City, this is the long-running soap that tells the story of the struggle behind the business, and sex-savvy Abbott and Newman clans. Set in Genoa City, Wisconsin, this soap opera focuses on the saga between two wealthy families in the cosmetics industry: the Newmans and the Abbotts. Head the Newman clan is Victor Newman, the arrogant, cavorting billionaire and his wife Nikki. Running the Abbott show is Jack Abbott, the irresponsible playboy and CEO, and his sister Ashley. Most of the show is centered on the competition between the two companies: Newman Enterprises and Jabot. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Arli$$ (19962002)Summaries Arliss Michaels is the head of a sports agency and will do anything for his very famous clients. Arliss Michaels is not a sports agent, he is a sports super agent. To his team of associates, the athletes he represents and the world around them, he is God. He is like Jerry Maguire, but without a conscience. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Touched by an Angel (19942003)Summaries Monica (Roma Downey), Tess (Della Reese), and Andrew (John Dye) are a trio of angels sent to Earth to tell depressed and troubled people that God loves them and hasn't forgotten them. Angels are dispatched from heaven to inspire people who are at crossroads in their lives. Monica (Roma Downey), an angel who at times still needs some guidance with her Earthly assignments, reports to Tess (Della Reese), her tough, wise, and always loving supervisor. Joining them is Andrew (John Dye), who, in addition to his duties as the Angel of Death, helps out as a caseworker on various assignments. The angels may not bring answers to every problem, but they always deliver a message of hope. DANIEL It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Are You Afraid of the Dark? (19902000)321) A group of teenagers get together in the woods, and tell ghost stories. A group of teens calling themselves "The Midnight Society" spends each episode sitting around a campfire swapping scary stories. Creepy, but never gory or excessively frightening, common subjects included haunted houses, what goes on behind the neighbor's walls, and other things that go bump in the night. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Gary, a young Canadian teen with a love for magic and the supernatural, hosts a weekly club in the woods at night called "The Midnight Society", where a group of friends get together and take turns sharing scary stories. Kiki is the strong and sharp-witted member, David is the shy and quiet member, Betty Ann is the resourceful and clever member, Eric is the goofy youngster member, and Kristen is the pretty and dramatic member. They're accepting a new initiate, Frank, a tough and quick-tempered teen who completes the club. To introduce a story, members toss a handful of sugar into a blazing campfire, reciting the words, "submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society, I call this story..." followed by the story's title. David harbors a crush on Kristen, while Frank reveals a more emotional side to himself through his unspoken fear of the dark. The club develops a love for two reoccurring characters in their scary stories: a sleazy and greedy but kind-hearted magic shop owner named Mr. Sardo, and a creepy, eccentric and mean-spirited (albeit dapper and well-spoken) gentleman named Dr. Vink (not to be confused with "Dr. Fink", and he's NOT a "nutbag!") Later on, the Midnight Society welcomes three new members after David, Kristen and Frank move away. Samantha (going by "Sam") is a beautiful girl-next-door type who Gary develops a crush on, while Tucker, Gary's pesky but well-meaning little brother, joins up, too. Stig, a chubby boy with bad hygiene, shares one of the most popular and well-received scary stories. Sam begins dating Gary after a tenuous friendship that blossoms during Sam's telling of a story about a vampire in an Ontario children's hospital. As the members age out, Tucker takes over the Midnight Society, introducing his own members: a fat boy with a poetic soul and talent for music named Andy, a wealthy and pretty blonde named Megan, a childish and boisterous tomboy named Vange, and a tough extrovert named Quinn. They conclude their Midnight Society club with a story about a ghostly nurse haunting the house of an elderly gentleman. 