nm0009064:

 Adult Life Skills (2016)431) Anna (Jodie Whittaker) is comfortable living in her mom's garden shed making funny videos all day, but as she approaches 30, she starts feeling the pressure to move on and "grow up" without compromising her youthful spirit. Anna is stuck: she's approaching 30 and living like a hermit in her mum's garden shed, avoiding fully living her life due to the fact that she is crippled by the loss of her twin brother. She spends her days making videos using her thumbs as actors - thumbs that bicker about things like whether Yogi Bear is a moral or existential nihilist. A week before her birthday her Mum serves her an ultimatum - she needs to move out of the shed, and move on with her life. However, when her school friend comes to visit, Anna's self-imposed isolation becomes impossible to maintain. Soon she is entangled with a troubled eight year old boy obsessed with Westerns, and the local estate agent whose awkward interpersonal skills continually undermine his attempts to seduce her. Michael Berliner Anna is deeply grieving the death of her twin brother, and retreating into herself. It takes her mother's nagging, her grandmother's wisdom, Brendan's infatuation with her, and a troubled little boy going through the same life-altering experience she did to get her out of the rut. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Anna is stuck: she's approaching 30, living like a hermit in her mum's garden shed (nicknamed Shed Zeppelin or Right Shed Fred, depending on which one of the signs the viewer believes) and wondering why the suffragettes ever bothered. She spends her days making videos using her thumbs as actors. Thumbs that bicker about things like whether Yogi Bear is a moral or existential nihilist. Bad how-to guides, space travel stories, and a detective show where she and twin brother Billy actually look alike (they both have the same bad hair and a mustache). But Anna does not show these videos to anyone and no one knows what they are for. Anna is unmotivated and after Billy's death, depressed. She gets up and goes to work each day, although it is not clear just what it is that she does. There is a list of jobs on a whiteboard. An envelope shows her address as a town in Yorkshire, England, and the viewer can likely assume based on Anna's history that the address is current. Anna is pretty, if she would just try. She has a platonic friend Brendan who as the local estate agent is helping her find a place to live, as well as spending time with her on fun activities. Brendan denies being gay but others suspect he is; his awkward interpersonal skills continually undermine his attempts to seduce her. A week before her birthday her Mum serves her an ultimatum she needs to move out of the shed, get a haircut that does not put her gender in question and stop dressing like a homeless teenager. Naturally, Anna tells her Mum to BACK THE F-OFF. For one thing, her mum also lives with her own mum. However, when her school friend Fiona comes to visit, Anna's self-imposed isolation becomes impossible to maintain. Soon she is entangled with a troubled eight year old boy named Clint obsessed with Westerns. Clint wears a cowboy hat and says he is named for Eastwood. He seems to want to be a cowboy, and he's a little on the naughty side, rarely smiling but mostly accepting of his situation, though he wants his mum. Clint's mum is seriously ill and has to be taken to hospital. His dad does demolition work and is gone a lot, so Anna and her family end up taking care of him. Mostly Anna. She needs to learn responsibility. This is a story about confronting the things we are most scared of a story that explores the universal themes of being lost and finding yourself, making peace with who you are, and regaining self-confidence and dignity. 
 She's Wild Again Tonight (2015)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Our Last Tango (2015)Summaries The life and love story of Argentina's famous tango dancers Maria Nieves Rego and Juan Carlos Copes, who met as teenagers and danced together for nearly fifty years until a painful separation tore them apart. "Our Last Tango" is a story of love between the two most famous dancers in tango's history. And the story of their tremendous love of tango. Mara Nieves Rego (81) and Juan Carlos Copes (84) met when they were 14 and 17, and they danced together for nearly fifty years. In all those years they loved and hated each other and went through several painful separations, but always got back together. Now, Juan and Mara are willing to open up about their love, their hatred, and their passion. In Our Last Tango Juan and Mara tell their story to a group of young tango dancers and choreographers from Buenos Aires, who transform the most beautiful, moving and dramatic moments of Juan and Maria's lives into incredible tango-choreographies. These beautifully-shot choreographies compliment the soul-searching interviews and documentary moments of the film to make this an unforgettable journey into the heart of the tango. Kral, German Mara Nieves and Juan Carlos Copes are the best-known couple in the history of tango and have shaped the dance like no other. They danced together passionately, loved and hated each other for almost 50 years, until one day they separated. And that left a huge gap in the tango scene - Now, almost at the end of their lives, they talk about their story for the first time. Kral, German It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Evil Next Door (2020)Summaries A dad moves into a new house with his son and girlfriend. When he's out of town working, the son makes a new "friend" next door. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 