nm0001303:

 Watchmen (2009)431) In 1985 where former superheroes exist, the murder of a colleague sends active vigilante Rorschach into his own sprawling investigation, uncovering something that could completely change the course of history as we know it. It's 1985 in an alternate reality. The Watchmen - comprised of the Comedian, Dr. Manhattan, Nite Owl II, Ozymandias, Rorschach and Silk Spectre II - are a disparate band of masked superheroes, modeled after the Minutemen, who were masked superheroes of a generation earlier, most of who are dead or afflicted by the ravages of life. The Comedian belongs to both groups. Despite the activities of the Watchmen leading to the west winning the Vietnam War which in turn has kept Richard Nixon in the White House, Nixon has now outlawed masks, resulting in the Watchmen disbanding and going into retirement, most hiding their Watchmen past under their human identities. However, the Comedian, in his human persona of Eddie Blake, and Dr. Manhattan - former physicist Jon Osterman who obtained his superhero powers through a scientific accident which almost killed him - now work for the government. Dr. Manhattan's powers in particular have kept a watch over nuclear proliferation, as he is able to stop any nuclear attack. Regardless, the Cold War is at its height with recent Soviet posturing regarding nuclear bomb buildup. In her human persona of Laurie Jupiter, Silk Spectre II is Dr. Manhattan's assistant and lover, as much as they can be in Dr. Manhattan's now non-human state. Meanwhile, Ozymandias has come out to the world as wealthy genius Adrian Veidt, capitalizing on his Ozymandias identity to better the world, and Rorschach continues to work as a vigilante, although one wanted by the law despite he the reason that many criminals are behind bars. When Blake is murdered, Rorschach, as the only one still on the streets, believes the murderer is out to kill all the Watchmen, despite any number of people wanting to kill the Comedian for being a misogynist. Evidence points to it perhaps having something to do with an imminent attempt of nuclear annihilation. Rorschach has to convince his colleagues, who he has not seen since their superhero days, of the validity of his theory for them to come out of retirement, which is no easy task. If they do, which will require them to overcome external forces which seem to be conspiring against them, they will have to discover both who killed the Comedian and why before they befall the same fate as him and/or before the mastermind is able to exact his larger grand plan. Huggo "Watchmen" is set in an alternate 1985 America in which costumed superheroes are part of the fabric of everyday society, and the "Doomsday Clock" - which charts the USA's tension with the Soviet Union - is permanently set at five minutes to midnight. When one of his former colleagues is murdered, the washed up but no less determined masked vigilante Rorschach sets out to uncover a plot to kill and discredit all past and present superheroes. As he reconnects with his former crime-fighting legion - a ragtag group of retired superheroes, only one of whom has true powers - Rorschach glimpses a wide-ranging and disturbing conspiracy with links to their shared past and catastrophic consequences for the future. Their mission is to watch over humanity... but who is watching the Watchmen?" T-Hen Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "Watchmen" is set in an alternate 1985 America in which costumed superheroes are part of the fabric of everyday society, and the "Doomsday Clock" -- which charts the USA's tension with the Soviet Union -- is permanently set at five minutes to midnight. When one of his former colleagues is murdered, the masked vigilante Rorschach, washed up but determined, sets out to uncover a plot to kill and discredit all past and present superheroes. As he reconnects with his former crime-fighting legion -- a ragtag group of retired superheroes, only one of whom has true powers -- Rorschach glimpses a wide-ranging and disturbing conspiracy with links to their shared past and catastrophic consequences for the future. Their mission is to watch over humanity... but who is watching the Watchmen? ========================================== Before the credits, a mid-60's man in a bathrobe, puffing on a cigar, sits alone in his apartment watching PBS' The McLaughlin Group discuss a potential nuclear war with Russia. A tall slim figure breaks into the room. The two start to fight. After they trade blows the assailant is clearly getting the upper hand, and he hurls the man in the bathrobe out the window of his high-rise. He is killed when he hits the ground, and a smiley face button soon lands on the pavement next to his body. The opening credits show historical pictures as Bob Dylan's "Times They are a Changin" plays. Masked, costumed vigilantes fight crime in America. In the 1930s and '40s, the vigilantes formed a group called the Minutemen to "finish what the law couldn't." The original lineup was heroic and helped catch criminals and win World War II. But they often suffered early and violent deaths in action, or became suicides, or were arrested for breaking the law themselves, or in one case were committed to an asylum. We see a blue, other-worldly man shaking hands with President Kennedy; later we see a cigar-puffing man who might be the bathrobed man at the start of the movie (a bit younger) holding a rifle on the "grassy knoll" after Kennedy has been shot. And, in the glass of the helmet of the astronaut on the moon's surface, we do not see an American flag; we see the blue man again with a camera. A second generation of heroes has formed, called the Watchmen. We see them being photographed -- as the movie goes on, we will learn that these are the Comedian (a burly guy with a simple mask over his eyes and chomping on a cigar), Laurie Jupiter (the new Silk Spectre), Dr. Jon Osterman (Doctor Manhattan, the naked blue humanoid, with true superpowers), Adrian Veidt (Ozymandias, whose costume is like that of a Greek god), Daniel Dreiberg (the new Nite Owl, looking somewhat like Batman), and Rorschach (in a trench coat and hat with a knitted mask that completely covers his face and displays constantly changing ink blots). TV news reports that Nixon has been elected to a third term. By the 1980s, public opinion has turned against costumed heroes, who are considered a dangerous alternative to the police. It is October 12, 1985. Investigating the murder of the man who fell to his death at the start of the movie, who we now know is Eddie Blake, Rorschach enters the crime scene apartment with a sophisticated grappling gun. Searching the apartment, he discovers the uniform, weapons and memorabilia of the Comedian, a former member of both the Minutemen and the Watchmen. We hear the voice over of what Rorschach will write in his journal: "Tonight, a comedian died in New York. Somebody knows why." He has to beat up a couple of policemen to get out of the building. Meanwhile, Daniel Dreiburg is at the home of Hollis Mason, the original Nite Owl. The two have regular meetings and talk about old times. Hollis says that it all started with the gangs. The Minutemen were a masked response to the masked gangs. They discuss the Comedian's death and Rorschach's vigilante activities. Nixon's policies don't allow masked vigilantes, but this hasn't stopped Rorschach. As Daniel leaves, they see a report about Rorschach and the policemen on television. Daniel leaves in the rain and goes home, where he finds that Rorschach has broken into his home, and is in his kitchen. Rorschach shows Daniel the smiley face button that he found where the Comedian was killed. They go down to the Nite Owl lab, under Daniel's home, where Rorschach speculates that someone is killing the superheroes. Daniel says "The Watchmen are over" and that Rorschach could give it up since no one knows who he is. In his journal, Rorschach speculates that nuclear war is coming. The rich and brilliant Adrian Veidt is being interviewed. The reporter observes that only Adrian and Hollis ever revealed their true identities. Adrian talks about developing renewable energy sources, and that if he could eliminate fear of not having enough, war would be obsolete. Daniel is watching the interview, and he warns Adrian that someone may be after the Watchmen. Adrian is not worried. Adrian speculates that a being like Dr. Manhattan, with his powers that can control atomic structure, might be able to stop much of a nuclear strike, but not all of it. The next evening, Rorschach sneaks into the US Army Rockefeller Military Research Center to warn Dr. Manhattan and Laurie Jupiter who live there in private quarters. Manhattan can normally see the future, but he says that he cannot see it now due to temporal interference caused by tachyons moving through time that may have resulted from a nuclear holocaust. He transports ("zaps") Rorschach outside the military facility in mid-sentence when he upsets Laurie; Rorschach challenges Laurie's judgement of the Comedian, who once tried to rape her mother. Rorschach refers to the incident as a "moral lapse". Manhattan then tells Laurie that he has been working with Adrian to solve the energy crisis in an effort to avert the war. Manhattan reads her mind, and observes her parents fighting (we see this same scene repeated twice more in the movie). He also tells Laurie that he knows she wanted to have dinner with him, but that she will instead be going out to dinner with Daniel. When Laurie arrives at the restaurant, Daniel is obviously smitten. They have dinner and talk about the old days. She observes that the Keene Act, which outlawed costumed vigilantism, has prevented them from going out as superheroes. Laurie confides that Jon (Dr. Manhattan) is becoming more remote. As she gets in a cab to leave the restaurant, Daniel observes that she is being watched by a "government escort". She responds that they don't want her upsetting the country's most valuable asset. At a cemetery, the Comedian is given a funeral with military honors, while Simon and Garfunkel's "Sounds of Silence" plays. Laurie is teleported to her mother's home by Dr. Manhattan, where she immediately throws up into the toilet. The older woman, Sally Jupiter, observes that she thought Laurie would have gotten used to that means of travel by now. "It beats flying coach," says Sally. She is drinking margaritas in the afternoon and reminiscing about her old Minuteman days, when she was the original Silk Spectre. She shows Laurie a pornographic comic that is based on Sally's super-hero of the 1940s (the original Silk Spectre). Laurie is appalled by her mother's behavior. In a flashback, Sally remembers the original Minutemen having a group photo taken in a wood-paneled club. Afterward, Sally goes to the billiards room to change out of her costume and the Comedian enters, making suggestive advances toward her. Sally tries to push him away but the Comedian brutally punches her and is ready to rape her when another member of their team, Hooded Justice, intervenes and beats Blake severely. Blake suggests that Justice gets off on beating men and Justice stops. Sally concludes the flashback with a cryptic observation about Eddie Blake. Back at the rainy cemetery, Dr. Manhattan and Daniel are there. Manhattan remembers that during the Vietnam War, the Comedian and Manhattan fought the Viet Cong and North Vietnamese Army, turning the tide of the war and allowing the United States to win. In a bar, as the war is over, a Vietnamese woman confronts the Comedian and tells him she is pregnant with his child. When the drunken Comedian refuses to take responsibility and insults her, she slashes his face with a broken bottle, causing a permanent scar. Infuriated, and over Manhattan's pleas for him to stop, the Comedian shoots and kills the woman. Blake then berates Manhattan for not stopping him, claiming that his failure to act shows that Manhattan doesn't really care about humanity. Adrian also watches the coffin being laid to rest and remembers a meeting of the Watchmen. He recalls that the Comedian was a sarcastic, misanthropic pessimist, while Ozymandias wanted to help humankind. The Comedian burns Adrian's display, saying that the threat of nuclear war trumps any efforts by the "Crimebusters" group Adrian wants to form. Daniel recalls a time when the Comedian and the Night Owl tried to calm a rioting group of protesters during a police strike; the comic gleefully fought with the protesters and shot tear gas at the people. Daniel, obviously bothered by the way lawlessness has engulfed the nation, asks the Comedian "What happened to the American Dream?" Amidst the destruction caused by the mob, the Comedian answers "It came true! You're lookin' at it." Blake also mentions that Congress was enacting new legislation that would outlaw costumed vigilantes. A tall, wizened man pays his respects and goes back to his flat by an adult movie theatre. He is "Moloch", a one-time "arch-enemy". In his home, he is assaulted by Rorschach, who wants to know why Moloch went to the funeral. Moloch says that Eddie Blake had broken into Moloch's house a week before, very drunk, and had cried and rambled about a list. Laurie and Jon are having an intimate erotic moment when Laurie realizes Jon has replicated himself. At first, she is put off by making love to two people at the same time, but then she realizes that a third Jon is working on the energy design at the same time. Angry at not having his full attention she throws an object through the blue figure's head. Laurie leaves as Jon teleports the machine to Adrian in Karnak, his Antarctic stronghold. Laurie goes to Daniel's house saying she has nowhere else to go. He is going to meet Hollis for their weekly session and invites her to join him. Jon dresses in a suit and tie (without physically touching his clothes) and zaps himself over to a TV studio for an interview. At the same time, while Dan and Laurie are walking to Hollis', they are confronted by a large gang of street thugs. Dressed in their street clothes, they defend themselves with vigor. Simultaneously, at the interview, Manhattan is accused of afflicting many of his former colleagues with cancer. His once very close girlfriend, Janie Slater, appears and reveals that she too is stricken, and she damns Jon in public. In the ensuing press scrum, Jon screams "leave me alone", and he zaps everyone out of the studio. Laurie and Daniel's fight with the thugs ends, and she decides not to continue on to Hollis'. Daniel and Hollis watch the end of Manhattan's interview on television. Hollis remarks that Manhattan was "crucified" in front of a national audience. Dr. Manhattan teleports himself to Mars. There he recalls many events in a haphazard order. Years ago he had a loving relationship with Janie; he reassembled a watch with his father; he was trapped in an atomic chamber by a time lock before a lab accident turned him from a human scientist, Jon Osterman, into Dr. Manhattan; how he fell in love with Laurie. Manhattan is slowly "resurrected" as a nervous system, a skeleton, and finally, a blue humanoid. TV news reports "The superman exists and he is an American". Dr. Manhattan is told he needs a logo, and he draws a circle with a dot in the middle on his forehead, a symbol of a hydrogen atom. President Nixon enlists his help to end the Vietnam war, which he does. The TV reporter now denies that he said the quote about Superman. Instead, he says, that his words are "God exists and he's an American". The flashbacks end, and Dr. Manhattan observes that he is tired of humans, and he begins to build a large, watch-like device on Mars. Laurie is confronted by government officials for "not doing her job" (appeasing Dr Manhattan both physically and emotionally) and allowing him to leave Earth. In a flashback, while dressed as the Silk Spectre, she meets the Comedian. Her mother intervenes and tells him to stay away from her daughter. Nixon, Kissinger and the war cabinet consider the recent events with the Soviet Union and prepare for war. Nixon seems willing to lose the East coast in a nuclear war with the Soviets, and he tells them to begin fueling America's bomber planes. Nixon says Dr. Manhattan has two days to solve the problems, and he "hopes he's on our side". Laurie tells the government officials that the only one who can bring back Jon is himself. Lee Iaccoca and other industrial leaders have a disagreeable meeting with Adrian. Adrian reminds them of his brilliance, and how he has had a desire to be like Alexander the Great and unify the world. He also says he's wealthy enough to buy them several times over and tells them they can leave. As Iaccoca apologizes, the elevator door opens, and a deliveryman starts shooting. Veidt eludes the bullets, one of which hits Iaccoca between the eyes, and subdues the shooter but the man swallows a poison pill, froths at the mouth, and dies. Laurie and Daniel discuss the attack as they lunch at the Gunga Diner. Daniel says that it is not safe for the former heroes, and as they leave the diner, he suggests Laurie move in with him, for safety. She agrees, and they leave the diner. We hear Rorschach's voice over, in which he says that he is watching them walk away, but not in his costume. Rorschach later reviews the ID card of the man who tried to kill Adrian. The man worked for Pyramid International and Rorschach remembers he had seen a letter from Pyramid earlier at Moloch's apartment. He returns to Moloch's apartment, but he discovers that Moloch is so recently dead that his cigarette is still smoldering. The police have the building surrounded and know that Rorschach is inside. Realizing he's been set up for the murder, Rorschach makes a torch out of a spray can and fights his way out of the building. Nonetheless, he is captured and unmasked. He is identified on the TV News as Walter Kovacs, age 35. Walter is jailed for the murder of Moloch until sentencing. The state psychiatrist, Dr. Malcolm Long, tells Walter that he won't want to be in the general population, because criminals he captured will want to get even. He gives Walter a psych assessment. As Walter looks at ink blots, he recalls moments in his life. At an early age, he sees his mother kissing a man. She slaps him and says that she "should have had that abortion." We also see a young Walter seriously injure much bigger kids who are taunting him. Walter resents being called "Walter" by the psychiatrist, and he talks about how evil society is. He recalls a seminal event, when he was a young Rorschach, and he uncovered the grisly murder of a 6-year old girl by a pedophile. Finding a cleaver at the scene of the crime, he brutally cleaves the murderer's head in two with multiple blows. He tells Long that "Walter died that night" and only Rorschach remains. Long leaves, saying "I can't help him." In prison, Walter is taunted by another inmate on the food serving line, and Walter splashes him with hot grease from a deep fryer, burning him horribly. Rorschach screams to the rest of the population "I'm not locked up in here with you, YOU'RE LOCKED UP IN HERE WITH ME!" Laurie snoops around in the basement of Daniel's building, and she finds the Night Owl's lab and his flying machine. She pushes a random button that activates the ship's flamethrower, starting a fire in the lab. Daniel comes down to help her put out the fire. He tells her that the ship is called "Archie" after Merlin's pet owl, Archimedes. He says that he inherited a lot of money from his father who was disappointed that he became a crime fighter. Daniel tells Laurie that Hollis was his hero. She tries on the night vision owl goggles, and she says that this must be how Jon sees. Daniel looks disappointed and goes upstairs. Laurie follows and tells him "Jon sees a lot of things, but he doesn't see me." The two make love on the sofa as Daniel observes that they may be going too fast. Laurie says that they have all the time in the world. A newscast in the background reports the buildup of Soviet tanks. Locked in his cell, Rorschach is taunted by a dwarf, Big Figure, a crime kingpin he had arrested 15 years earlier, now looking for revenge. Big Figure tells Kovacs that he can wait as long as necessary to get into his cell. Daniel has a strange dream in which he and Laurie are naked on a field under the stars. She pulls off their "skin" revealing their superhero costumes as a nuclear explosion goes off and vaporizes them. He awakens, and Laurie finds him staring at his Night Owl gear. The two decide to get into costume, take Archie out and "do something stupid". Archie flies around the city as they listen for police messages. They hear of a burning building and go to rescue a group of people trapped on an upper floor. Night Owl drops her into the burning building and then lines up Archie as she sends all of the trapped people into the ship, just a moment before an explosion would have killed them all. After dropping off the passengers, Daniel puts the flyer on autopilot and the two superheroes have steamy sex in the aircraft. Meanwhile, a prison riot is taking place. One of the dwarf's large henchmen attempts to grab Kovacs behind the bars. Rorschach grabs and binds the man's hands to the bars. Another henchman comes with a grinder and proceeds to first cut the others arms off and then cut open Rorschach's cell bars. We cut to Laurie and Daniel in the aftermath of their lovemaking. They decide to try to rescue Rorschach from prison. Back at the prison, Rorschach quickly subdues the grinder man against the cell toilet and the dwarf runs for his life. Back in costume, Silk Spectre and Night Owl land at the prison where a full scale prisoner revolt is in progress. Meanwhile, Rorschach heads straight for the psychiatrist's office and gets his mask. Silk Specter and Night Owl arrive and subdue dozens of prisoners with fists and kicks. We see the dwarf run into the men's bathroom to hide, as Silk Spectre and Night Owl find Rorschach. Before he leaves, he says "Excuse me, I have to visit the men's room". For a moment, we see Big Figure through the swinging door, and we see water and blood running on the floor after Rorschach leaves. Back in Daniel's basement lair, Night Owl and Laurie revel in the fun of their evening. Dr. Manhattan appears and zaps Laurie to Mars with him. As he says how beautiful it is, she doubles over and throws up. Night Owl and Rorschach go out again and find out that Janie Slater, who worked for Pyramid, hired Adrian Veidt's assassin. They decide to "follow the money". Sally calls Hollis, and Hollis tells her that the news is reporting Night Owl and Silk Spectre's rescue of the people trapped in the burning building. They revel in the joy of their proteges. Immediately afterwards, young thugs, knowing that Hollis was the original Night Owl, break into his apartment. He fights valiantly, but they kill him. Rorschach and Night Owl argue, but Rorschach offers his hand in friendship, and they agree to go out in costume looking for the person who tried to kill Adrian. They hear on the TV news that Hollis has been murdered, and Night Owl badly beats up a gang member, even though he is not sure who killed Hollis. On Mars, Manhattan tells Laurie what she is going to tell him, and she observes that "the most powerful thing in the universe" is "just going through the motions." She apologizes for sleeping with Dan, and remarkably, Manhattan seems unaware. He explains that "My red world here means more than your blue one," as his machine emerges behind them. In the War Room, Nixon orders Def Con 1 to send the bombers. Rorschach and Night Owl break into Adrian's office. Night Owl guesses that the password to Adrian's computer is "RamesesII" and they find out that Pyramid is owned by Adrian's company, Veidt International. In Antarctica, at Karnac, a group of scientists raise a toast to Manhattan's energy reactor, which is now online. Adrian, dressed as Ozymandias, compares the scientists to the Egyptian servants who were buried with their pharaoh, as he steps over their poisoned bodies. A moment later he has them disintegrated in a manner similar to Jon Osterman's accident. Back in NYC, Rorschach records his suspicions in his journal, which he drops through mail slot in the door of the "New Frontier" newspaper. On Mars, Laurie pleads for help for the Earth. Manhattan says that "The universe will not even notice" and that "Life is overrated". He wonders how things are better with another oil pipeline or shopping mall. She tells him to send her back to Earth to be "fried" with her mother and Daniel. She challenges Manhattan to "do that thing you do" and confront her with details of her life that she doesn't want to remember. Probing her memories, Manhattan reveals to her that her mother eventually had a romantic relationship with the Comedian, despite his previous attempted rape of her. Blake is revealed to be her biological father, and she is distraught, saying "My life is just one big joke." She smashes Manhattan's watch-like machine; Manhattan generates a protective field around them both, sheltering them from the debris. Manhattan tells her that he was wrong about undervaluing miracles. He notes that against "unfathomable odds" Laurie came from the coupling of Sally and the Comedian, "a miracle". The view pulls back from Mars, revealing that they are standing in a giant smiley face on the planet's surface. Rorschach and Nite Owl fly south to Karnac (in Antarctica) where Archie, having been underwater in New York for many hours, freezes from the water still in it & is suddenly rendered unpilotable, crash lands. Jimi Hendrix's "All Along the Watchtower" plays as Ozymandias watches Rorschach and Nite Owl hiking in the snow towards Karnac on one of dozens of televisions that are arrayed before him. Other televisions display newscasts and other information from around the globe. Rorschach and Nite Owl sneak in, thinking that he is unaware of their arrival. In fact, he is fully aware. They confront Ozymandias, attempting to subdue him in hand-to-hand combat, however, he easily defeats them both. Veidt confirms he is the mastermind behind the Comedian's murder, because he was "cracking badly" and had uncovered Ozymandias' plan. He also spent $2 billion to manipulate Manhattan into not seeing the future and leaving the Earth, arranged the framing of Rorschach, and also staged his own assassination attempt to place himself above suspicion. He explains that his plan is to unify the United States and Soviet Union and prevent nuclear war by "killing millions" in several of the world's largest cities, "to save billions." Veidt intends to use devices with Dr. Manhattan's unique energy signature to destroy the cities. The world will think Dr. Manhattan is behind all the deaths and will unite against him, thereby stopping the impending nuclear war. Rorschach and Nite Owl attempt to stop him, but Ozymandias tells them that he would only tell them his plan if they couldn't possibly prevent it. In fact, he had started the destruction 35 minutes earlier. On TV monitors, they see that the cities are being destroyed. Henry Kissinger tells Nixon that the energy signatures are not nuclear devices launched from the Soviet Union, they are from Dr. Manhattan. Laurie and Manhattan arrive at the ruins of New York City and see the results of Ozymandias's plan. Manhattan observes that the destruction was "made to look like I did it." They teleport to Karnak to confront Ozymandias. Ozymandias appears to obliterate Manhattan, and Laurie pulls out a gun and shoots him. He falls down the stairs, but then realizes that he caught the bullet and is completely unharmed. In a first surprise for Ozymandias, Manhattan reappears, telling Veidt that he was able to more easily and quickly reassemble himself, having learned how to do so from the first accident that claimed his life. "The world's smartest man poses no more threat to me than does its smartest termite." Ozymandias reveals a TV remote control, and all of the televisions are switched to a broadcast of Nixon blaming Manhattan for the destruction. After President Nixon states that the US and Soviets have allied, Dr. Manhattan realizes Ozymandias' plan is logical and revealing the conspiracy would only break the peace and lead again to nuclear destruction. Rorschach is unwilling to remain silent and angrily turns to leave, steadfastly believing that a crime has been committed and that the world must know about it. Manhattan says that he understands, "without condoning or condemning", how Adrian feels about killing millions of innocents to save the planet. Outside Rorschach is confronted by Manhattan. In despair, Rorschach takes off his mask, and he demands that Manhattan kill him; Manhattan finally obliges, leaving only a bloody outline in the snow. Daniel is a witness and cries out in anguish. Manhattan shares a final kiss with Laurie and departs for another galaxy that is "a little less complicated. Maybe I'll create some life there". After watching Manhattan kill Rorschach, Daniel comes back into the building and attacks Adrian, telling him that he has "deformed" mankind. Adrian takes the blows without emotion. Daniel and Laurie fly away in Archie. We hear the beginning of an episode of The Outer Limits as Laurie talks with her mother. She tells her mother that she knows the Comedian was her father, and they make amends. Daniel appears and says that Archie is all updated and ready. Daniel observes that "As long as people think that Jon is still watching, we'll be okay." Outside, life goes on. A newspaper editor in New York complains of nothing worthwhile to print because of the world-wide peace. He tells a young reporter, Seymour, that it's like living in a world-wide hippie commune where the only hamburgers available have a Russian variation: borscht. The reporter says that they could write a story about Ronald Reagan who may run for president. The editor dismisses this; "Americans don't want a cowboy in the White House." Instead, he tells Seymour he should print whatever he likes from a collection of crank mailings. The camera focuses on the mail basket containing Rorschach's journal. 
 American Gangster (2007)431) An outcast New York City cop is charged with bringing down Harlem drug lord Frank Lucas, whose real life inspired this partly biographical film. Following the death of his employer and mentor, Bumpy Johnson, Frank Lucas establishes himself as the number one importer of heroin in the Harlem district of Manhattan. He does so by buying heroin directly from the source in South East Asia and he comes up with a unique way of importing the drugs into the United States. As a result, his product is superior to what is currently available on the street and his prices are lower. His alliance with the New York Mafia ensures his position. It is also the story of a dedicated and honest policeman, Richie Roberts, who heads up a joint narcotics task force with the Federal government. Based on a true story. garykmcd In 1968, the loyal driver, bouncer and collector Frank Lucas witnesses the death of his boss and mentor Bumpy Johnson and finds that Harlem lost its leadership. Frank decides to import heroin direct from the source in Bangkok, establishing a logistic of transportation using the US military airplanes from Vietnam to USA. The quality of his product associated to the trade mark "Blue Magic" and the lower prices bring Frank Lucas to the position of number one distributor of heroin in USA. Meanwhile, in the Essex County, the incorruptible detective Richie Roberts that is studying for the Bar Examination is invited to join and head a Federal Investigation Force of Narcotics, seeking the leaders of the dealers in North America. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Bumpy Johnson (Clarence Williams III) and Frank Lucas (Denzel Washington) pouring gasoline on a Hispanic man in a dark alleyway at night and then lighting him on fire. As the man screams in pain, Frank shoots him. It is November 1968, New York City. Bumpy is a local gangster who operates and runs most of Harlem, and Frank his his right hand man. Bumpy is seen delivering frozen turkeys from a truck to local residents which makes him popular among the African American people of West Harlem. Later, during a walk with Frank, Bumpy enters a used appliance store where Bumpy tells Frank big business in taking over and there is no more room for the little guy. Suddenly, Bumpy collapses in the store from a heart attack and later dies. During his high profile funeral, we see other mobsters showing up to this funeral. Meanwhile, Richie Roberts (Russell Crowe) is a New Jersey detective who is taking classes to become a lawyer and hates public speaking. He and his partner find a million dollars in cash and they argue about turning it in, but Richie turns it in anyway. Because Richie won't keep any of the money for himself or let his fellow officers keep it. Frank is unhappy with the way the mob is being run and it seems he always has to pay another mobster named Tango. Tango is an old associate of Bumpy who wants control of Bumpy's old territory. It is also hard to find good drugs. Frank sees on T.V. that drugs are very cheap in Vietnam and so he buys a passport and goes to visit his cousin who owns a night club in Vietnam. Richie's marriage is failing because his wife says he doesn't spend enough time with their son. After they divorce, his wife says she and her son are moving to Vegas. Frank makes a deal with his cousin to bring heroin back to the U.S. by smuggling it in coffins of dead soldiers returning from Vietnam. He goes to Nam to talk to his future provider directly. Since there is no middle man, Frank can sell heroin cheaper than anyone else in New York; it is also pure heroin nicknamed "Blue Magic." Richie gets a phone call in the middle of the night from his partner, Javier, who is flipping out because he killed a guy in his apartment, claiming the man opened fire on him. They bandage the dead guy's neck to make it look like he isn't dead. Richie tells his partner that he needs help because he is hooked on drugs, which is why he killed the guy in the first place. His partner gets mad and jumps out of the ambulance. His partner says that it was Richie's fault to begin with, because he takes drugs to forget that everybody at the police station sneers at him. Frank at this point is doing very well. He owns several nightclubs and moves his brothers and mother from North Carolina to New York. He buys his mom a very nice house, a mansion with a huge garden and gives her a vanity for her bedroom that he'd had made from his own memories as a child in North Carolina. We see Richie trying to fight for custody but it turns out that his chances aren't that good because even though he's an honest cop he hangs out with bad people (e.g. his son's godfather) and likes to sleep with hookers. He even has sex with his lawyer. Frank gets his brothers to help him sell his drugs and gives them good money for doing their job. He yells at one of them for dressing too nice because he feels that if you dress too nice you draw attention to yourself. It is also at this point that he meets Eva (Lymari Nadal), a Puerto Rican Beauty Queen, and falls head over heels for her. Richie's partner overdoses on drugs which promotes Richie to start a Narcotics Unit and go after the big guys, not any small time dealers. They aren't too successful at first so Richie decides to start on the streets. He discovers Blue Magic and tries to figure out who could sell such powerful stuff so cheaply. He and his partner follow a large sum of money they'd given to a dealer and take the tunnel to New York to track it down. While trying to retrieve the money he runs into detective Trupo (Josh Brolin). Trupo doesn't like him much but still returns the money and tells Richie not to come back to New York again because this isn't his jurisdiction. One night Frank and his girlfriend go to a boxing match between Muhammad Ali and Joe Louis. He sits right up front and has better seats than some of the world's biggest entertainers. Frank also wears an expensive chinchilla fur coat and hat Eva had bought for him, and he has the opportunity to shakes hands with Joe Louis. Richie sees this and gets the license plate number from the limo Frank was riding in. Richie is not the only one who notices this: Trupo stops Frank's car crammed with drugs and takes them away, and tells him that he wants his share of the money he's making, $10,000 each month. When he arrives home, Frank throws the expensive coat which has put him under the spotlight into the fireplace to burn. Richie discovers that the man he saw was Frank Lucas and wants to bring him down. The only problem is Richie has no evidence that Frank is a drug dealer. Frank gets married to Eva and runs into detective Trupo, who wants ten thousand dollars a month to keep his mouth shut. Frank also deals with local competition mobster Nicky Barnes (Cuba Gooding Jr.) who is selling heroin under the name of Blue Magic, but Nicky has been cutting the supply and selling it himself while still using Frank's brand name. Frank and his wife almost get shot by an unknown. We never find out who it is, but we are lead to think that it was Nicky. One night Richie sees one of Frank's men almost kill his girlfriend. Instead of putting the guy in prison they have him wear a wire. This is where Richie learns how Frank gets heroin back into the U.S. Things don't look too good for Frank now. Since the war is over he can't get his drugs back into the U.S. Richie searches a U.S. plane but finds no drugs. He also teams up with Trupo who is mad at Frank for blowing up his car. Trupo searches Frank's house. Richie gets into an argument with some U.S. General because Richie is making it look like the U.S. military is smuggling drugs. Richie's men find drugs in coffins located at a warehouse and invade. There is a huge shoot out and they arrest Frank while he is at church. Richie and Frank finally meet and Frank says he doesn't give a fuck what happens to him. However, Richie offers him a deal: if he turns in all his off shore accounts and he gives in all the corrupt cops' names, he will have a more lenient sentence. Frank turns in other drug dealers and crooked cops and gets his sentence reduced because he is being so helpful to police. Richie also gives up custody of his kid and lets his wife take him to Vegas. Frank is released from prison in the 1990s. 
 San Andreas (2015)651) In the aftermath of a massive earthquake in California, a rescue-chopper pilot makes a dangerous journey with his ex-wife across the state in order to rescue his daughter. In San Andreas, California is experiencing a statewide earthquake that goes on record as easily the biggest earthquake in history. Dwayne Johnson plays Ray Gaines, a helicopter rescue pilot for the Los Angeles Fire Department, who is trying to find his daughter, Blake (Alexandra Daddario), who is in San Francisco amid-st the chaos. Ray's estranged wife, Emma, is forced to turn to Ray for help, as he is her last resort. Together they journey to save their daughter. ahmetkozan In Los Angeles, the Fire Department Air Rescue pilot Raymond "Ray" Gaines will drive his daughter Blake to San Francisco since she has joined the university. He is divorcing from his wife Emma that intends to move in together with her wealthy boyfriend Daniel Riddick. Meanwhile the researchers Dr. Lawrence Hayes and Dr. Kim Park from the Caltech travel to a dam to check their seismic studies and there is a strong earthquake collapsing the dam. Lawrence discovers that the San Andreas Fault is moving and will cause a huge earthquake in Los Angeles and San Francisco. Ray needs to travel to help the victims from the dam and Daniel offers to take Blake to San Francisco since he has a meeting in the city. Daniel brings Blake to his office and while waiting for him, she befriends the British architect Ben Taylor and his younger brother Ollie Taylor. When Ray is flying to the dam, there is an earthquake in Los Angeles and then the earthquake reaches San Francisco. What will happen next? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Chief Raymond Gaines, a former Afghanistan helicopter pilot and now a search-and-rescue pilot for the Los Angeles Fire Department, has to cope with a divorce and a painful family tragedy. When a sudden massive earthquake demolishes Hoover Dam, triggering a devastating string of quakes from L.A. to San Francisco by the entire length of the San Andreas fault, Ray will embark on a frenzied mission to rescue not only his estranged wife, Emma but also his trapped eighteen-year-old daughter, Blake. Inevitably, as scientists warn for yet another catastrophic seism, Ray needs to succeed in the most important rescue of his life, however, is there enough time? Nick Riganas Helicopter pilot Raymond Gaines leads a military veterans rescue team in the LAFD, including Joby O'Leary. Gaines grudgingly misses out on a weekend with his daughter Blake, who announces being engaged to leading architect Daniel Riddick and moving in with him at San Francisco. After Caltech seismologist Dr. Lawrence Hayes's team spots worrying quake-predicting data, his colleague Dr. Kim Park follows up at the Hoover Dam, where he dies as at breaks down. As Hayes warns on TV, the persisting parameters indicate the whole San Andreas Fault is going to quake as badly, wrecking metropolises LA and San Francisco. Picking up his ex Emma, Gaines abandons his duty to search for Blake, even after her cellphone breaking down suggests her probably already being buried. Luckily for her, she was saved from the subterranean car parking of duly fleeing Riddicks's HQ by applying British architect Ben Taylor, who has a crush on her, encouraged as in all by his dashing kid brother Ollie, so the trio heads for higher ground despite the dim chances of rescue and the likelihood of further collapses, unaware there rescue is on its way. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a girl, Natalie ( Morgan Griffin ), driving along the cliffs of San Fernando Valley, 16 miles (25.75 km) north of Los Angeles, when suddenly a rock slide pushes the car, causing it to fall and then hang at the edge of a cliff. Moments later, Los Angeles Fire Department helicopter-pilot Chief Raymond "Ray" Gaines ( Dwayne Johnson ) and his other colleagues comes to rescue the girl trapped in the car. Ray safely rescues the girl moments before the car falls off the cliff. In CALTECH, Dr. Kim Park ( Will Yun Lee ) receives data of minor earthquakes in Falco, Nevada and shows it to his colleague and seismologist Lawrence Hayes ( Paul Giamatti ). The minor quakes measure 2.0 to 2.6. Hayes is curious about why such minor quakes can happen even where there are no faults in Nevada. Hayes and Park decide to go to Nevada to find out. While Ray is calling his daughter, Blake ( Alexandra Daddario ), for an upcoming trip to San Francisco, he receives divorce papers. Recently, he was divorced from his estranged wife Emma ( Carla Gugino ) and she is now with her new boyfriend Daniel Riddick ( Ioan Gruffudd ). Meanwhile, at the Hoover Dam, Park along with Hayes is now testing a magnetic pulse of quake. Suddenly, his device detects a spike pulse and then a stronger earthquake triggers. It measures 7.0 - highest ever recorded there. As the dam starts to break, Park struggles to escape while Hayes tells the people still on the dam to get off. Park now exits the dam facility, however when he sees a girl afraid to move on the breaking dam, he stops to grab her and carry her out. The girl is rescued but Park is impaled by a rod in his right foot. The dam completely crumbles and Park is killed. The disaster leads to the flooding of towns. The earthquake is the strongest and most destructive ever recorded in Nevada's history. Back in California, Ray arrives at his family's house to plan for their trip. But Ray is called back to work to rescue disaster victims in Nevada. Daniel and Blake drive in to San Francisco for a meeting. While Daniel is having a meeting, Blake meets an English guy named Ben Taylor ( Hugo Johnstone-Burt ) - having an interview - and his brother, Ollie ( Art Parkinson ). In CALTECH, the reporter, Serena ( Archie Panjabi ) arrives and wants to interview Hayes about what happen in Nevada. Hayes states that they didn't know there was any fault line there. He says that they should be able to predict an earthquake. One of his colleague interrupts Hayes and presents him with data showing the pulse rates detected along the entire San Andreas fault. The pulse rates are higher than Nevada. Hayes then explains to them why the earthquake triggered in Nevada even with no fault line: his theory is to draw a fault line near Nevada and it connects to the end of the fault boundary. Hayes predicts that the whole San Andreas might trigger. In Los Angeles, Emma is having a lunch with Daniel's sister, Susan, in a high rise restaurant. After some conversation with Susan, Emma answers a call from Ray, in the helicopter en route for maintenance. Ray apologizes to Emma for what he did the other day. Their phone conversation is interrupted by the strong earthquake. Emma tells Ray that they're having an earthquake and he also notices that the freeway is crumbling. Ray instructs Emma to get to the roof for rescue. According to the CALTECH, the first major earthquake peaked at 8.5 and later 9.1. Not only in Los Angeles, but the whole of California and the quake is heading to San Francisco where Blake and Daniel are. While the ensuing destructive earthquake hits, the people inside the building panic in terror; some are injured. Emma tells Susan to get to the roof, but she goes to the exit and is killed in a crumbling floor. Emma makes it to the roof, with the floor and the surrounding structures crumbling around her. Emma manages to recover and emerges from the rubble. Finally, Ray rescues Emma and they barely escape as the surrounding structures collapse. The whole city is now completely devastated. Meanwhile in San Francisco, after Ben's interview, Blake borrows Ollie's book to write her number in it for Ben to call her. Blake and Daniel are leaving the building parking lot when the earthquake hits. They manages to escape but the ceiling collapses and they become trapped. The debris crushes part of the car, trapping Blake's leg under the driver's seat. Daniel goes to get help. As Daniel calls for help, the debris falls near him and kills a security guard. Daneil flees in terror instead of saving Blake. However, Ben and Ollie are struggling to save Blake as the debris above her continues to press the roof. By using the jack to lift the debris, the driver's seat pushes away but Blake's leg is still stuck. Finally Ben pops the car tires lowering the car and they rescue her. The trio get out of the building as the aftershock continues. The trio decides to go to the electronic store to contact Ray. At the store, Blake finds a phone and she calls her parents telling them that she's okay. Also, she tells them that Daniel left her. This makes Emma angry and she leaves a nasty message on Daniel's voicemail. Ray advises Blake that they will need to get out immediately and to go to the Coit Tower as a rendezvous. Ray and Emma quickly head to San Francisco to save their daughter. Meanwhile, Daniel is walking through the crowd in the street when suddenly another strong earthquake hits. The structure over the crowd collapses. In order to save himself, Daniel steals the safe spot of one of someone else and the victim is swept away by the debris. When Ray and Emma are en route to the city, the helicopter's engine fails, forcing them to make a crash landing into a superstore in Bakersfield. As they try to steal a vehicle, which is already stolen, the thief aims a gun at Ray but Ray manages to subdue the perpetrator and they drive away. With the help of Serena, Hayes is able to warn the people through news coverage of a much bigger earthquake about to hit San Francisco. He tells the people of San Francisco to get out now because their lives depends on it. After Ray and Emma obtain the vehicle, they drive till they meet an elderly couple who warns them to stop - it is the now-opened San Andreas fault rendering the road impassable. They drive back to the old couple's home. The couple happens to own an airplane which Ray exchanges for the stolen car. Ray and Emma manage to fly the plane to San Francisco. While on the plane, Ray recaps what happen with their daughter, Mallory, who died in a rafting accident. Ray regrets he could not save his daughter. This the underlying reason Emma wants a divorce. Then they fly to San Francisco. Blake, Ben and Ollie, walk through the crowded streets to Coit Tower - the agreed on meeting place. However, it is already engulfed in flames so they change the plan by going to the highest ground which is Nob Hill in order to signal Blake's family. Ray and Emma make it to San Francisco but they cannot land the plane because the airport has a lot of cracks and scattered planes. Ray and Emma have no choice but to sky dive into the stadium leaving the plane to crash into the Pacific Ocean when it runs out of fuel. Meanwhile, Blake, Ben and Ollie are walking through the deserted street when the strong earthquake hits. The earthquake measures 9.6, the largest recorded in history. Blake and Ollie quickly get to the side of the street ... but Ben goes to the opposite side. The glass shards, coming from the building, cuts Ben's leg. The remaining still-standing structures are destroyed, the ground ruptures, suspension bridges crumble, etc. At the same time, Ray manages to tell other people people to move to safety on the other side of the stadium as the structure crashes down. After the earthquake, Blake carefully removes the glass shard from Ben's leg and then they move to the highest ground. Ray and Emma drive a boat to the city where they see Coit Tower is on fire. Ray knows that Blake has gone somewhere else. They notice that the water is receding quickly, which means a tsunami is about to hit the city. As the trio receives the tsunami warning from the radio, it is too late for them to head to the highest ground. So, the trio quickly heads to Daniel's unfinished building. Ray and Emma, in the boat (and many other boats), manage to drive into the giant tidal wave. They make it to the top just before the wave crests though they are almost hit by a cargo ship that is carried along by the tidal wave. Daniel, happens to be on the Golden Gate Bridge when the wave strikes. He is crushed by a falling shipping container from the overturned cargo ship. The cargo ship slices the Golden Gate Bridge in half and the tidal wave continues to race towards the city. Sadly, most of the people on the ground are swept away by water and debris. The trio is in now in the building when the tidal wave hits. Ray and Emma drive the boat through the devastated town looking for Blake. Blake and Ollie sees her parents riding in the boat but they don't see Blake. Ollie then uses the laser pointer that he obtained from the electronics store to attract Blake's parents' attention. Now the parents see them, but before they can save them, the building starts to sink into the ground. Blake is separated from the two brothers as they make it up to the next floor. Blake is now trapped inside as the water continues to rise. Ray manages to get to his daughter, but now the exits are jammed. Blake then seems to have drowned and Ray struggles to get her body out. As the building is going to collapse, Emma crashes through the window in the boat and they quickly get out as the building finally collapses. Once outside, Ray continues to try and then successfully revives Blake - reunited with her family. The two boys are also rescued. Later, the five make it to safety in Marin County. The family along with Ben and Ollie watch the sunset on the destroyed and radically altered geography of the San Francisco Bay Area and they talk about the future. They also see an American flag is waving over the now-destroyed Golden Gate Bridge. 
 Gerald's Game (2017)541) A couple tries to spice up their marriage in a remote lake house. After the husband dies unexpectedly, the wife is left handcuffed to their bed frame and must fight to survive and break free. When a harmless game between a married couple in a remote retreat suddenly becomes a harrowing fight for survival, wife Jessie must confront long-buried demons within her own mind - and possibly lurking in the shadows of her seemingly empty house. Intrepid Pictures As a last resort to save their tattered marriage, Gerald and Jessie Burlingame set off on a weekend adventure at their secluded lakeside retreat, in the hope of rekindling the long-lost affection in their relationship. Everything is taken care of: the fridge is well-stocked, and there's not a soul in the area to disturb the couple, as Gerald intends on playing a harmless but kinky sex game with a pair of handcuffs and a lot of imagination. But instead, when an unforeseen situation leaves Jessie handcuffed to their sturdy wooden bed, an entirely different game will commence--one that requires perseverance, a clear mind, and above all, a strong will to survive. Nick Riganas After an attempt to reignite the passion in their marriage goes awry, Jessie is left handcuffed to a bed in a secluded house with her husband, Gerald, dead. Not only must she break free but she must avoid being killed by a wild dog that figures that Jessie is on the menu. Then she starts to hallucinate and reminisce. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jessie and Gerald arrive at an isolated lake house in Fairhope, Alabama, for some time away. While Gerald takes Viagra, Jessie feeds a stray dog outside, but when re-entering the house notices the door is left ajar. Jessie changes into a new night dress, placing the tag on a shelf above the bed, and practices sexy poses. Gerald takes a second Viagra and leaves his glass of water on the same shelf. He restrains Jessie with one handcuff on each wrist locked to the bedposts. She seems a bit surprised by this, but goes along. He begins to enact a stranger rape fantasy, telling her to scream for help, knowing no one will hear. She half heartedly plays along but soon becomes uncomfortable, telling him to stop and uncuff her; he replies, "What if I won't?" After a heated argument where he accuses her of not even trying to rekindle their relationship, Gerald dies of a heart attack, falling onto the floor, leaving Jessie in handcuffs. The dog enters and Jessie tries to scare it away, but it bites a chunk out of Gerald's arm and eats it. Gerald stands up and begins talking, but Jessie notices his body remains on the floor. He taunts Jessie about the truths of their strained marriage and his erectile dysfunctions. He then informs her that she has wasted hours already doing nothing, and she is beginning to suffer from of-hydration and fatigue. Jessie miraculously pulls a hand out of a cuff and breaks free. She gloats to Gerald, but then turns around and tells herself, the one still trapped, that it is easy to escape. Gerald and the self-assured Jessie tell things about herself and Gerald that she never had the courage to acknowledge. They trigger her to remember the glass of water above the bed, which she is able to reach but cannot bring all the way to her mouth. The hallucinations remind her of the tag she put on the shelf, which she rolls into a straw in order to reach the water. Jessie falls asleep, wakes up in the dark, and sees a tall, deformed, obscured figure who reveals a bag of various bones and trinkets. She closes her eyes saying "You're not real." But Gerald appears to say that the figure is Death waiting to take her. Gerald begins to call Jessie "Mouse", which unsettles her. This triggers a memory of her father, Tom, who affectionately referred to her as "Mouse." She is 12 years old, vacationing at a lake house with her family. As Jessie and her father sit alone outside to watch a solar eclipse, he suggests she sit on his lap, as she did when she was younger. Once on his lap, he masturbates. The handcuffed Jessie awakes to intense pain due to her circulation being cut off and cramping. Gerald and the confident Jessie are skeptical about her claims that she dealt with the pressure of keeping such a secret, and her claims that it had nothing to do with her marriage, even though she married a man just like her father. Gerald teases Jessie about the disfigured man she saw, who he calls "the man made of moonlight", and points out what he suspects is a bloody footprint on the floor. After the eclipse, her father tells her he was ashamed of what he did, and manipulates her into agreeing never to tell anyone. Jessie remembers cutting her hand that night, when she squeezed a glass too hard when her mother asked her about the eclipse. The adult Jessie smashes the water glass and cuts her wrist in a way that enables her to peel back the skin, allowing her bloody hand to slip through the cuff. She drags the bed to the key, unlocking her other hand. She drinks water and bandages herself, but then passes out on the floor from blood loss and fatigue. When she wakes, the "man made of moonlight" is at the end of the hall, and she gives him her wedding ring for his trinket bag. She makes to her car and drives away, but sees the man again in the back seat. The car crashes into a tree, but people from a nearby house come out. Six months later, Jessie is writing a letter to her 12-year-old self, struggling to write with her hand that needed skin grafts. Voice-overs and scenes describe how she had pretended to have amnesia over the whole ordeal of being trapped, avoiding painful questions. She used some of Gerald's life insurance to start a foundation for victims of sexual abuse. But each night the "man made of moonlight" still appears before her as she falls asleep. Her wedding ring was never found in the house, and she learned from the news that a man who has acromegaly, causing disfiguration of his head, is a serial killer who dug up crypts, stealing bones and jewels, and occasionally eating the faces of male corpses. This explains why he did not harm Jessie in the house and also why Gerald's face was disfigured. Jessie arrives at court as the moonlight man is being sentenced, and calls for his attention. Seeing also Gerald's and Tom's face where his face is, she says "You're so much smaller than I remember", and walks triumphantly out into the street with the sunlight gleaming down on her. 