nm0000409:

 George of the Jungle (1997)55) A man raised in the jungle by apes falls in love with a wealthy American heiress. Baby George got into a plane crash in a jungle, stayed alive and was adopted by a wise ape. Ursula Stanhope, US noble woman is saved from death on safari by grown-up George, and he takes her to jungle to live with him. He slowly learns a rules of human relationships, while Ursula's lover Lyle is looking for her and the one who took her. After they are found, Ursula takes George to the USA. Anonymous This is the story of a baby named George, who got into a plane crash in a jungle, stayed alive and was adopted by a wise ape. Life in the jungle is pretty sweet for George, until a beautiful, blonde American heiress, named Ursula Stanhope has traveled to Bukuvu from San Francisco is search of adventure. Her intended, Lyle Van de Groot, pursues her in hopes of capturing the legendary White Ape who is supposed to exist in the mountains. Ultimately, a romance blooms between Ursula and George, an extremely clumsy gorilla boy raised by an erudite ape. After they are found, Ursula takes George to the USA in San Fransisco. Meanwhile, Lyle and his devious trackers pursue schemes of their own to kidnap George's elephant "doggie." Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} A fun look at life for the "King Of The Jungle". In the opening animation, we learn that George is displaced from his family during a horrible plane crash that has only little boy George being lost from the rest of the passengers. Life in the jungle is pretty sweet for George, until our hero meets the lovely Ursula. Our adventure travels from the jungles of Africa to the jungles of San Fransisco. Dennis Carter <dencart2@connet80.com> Heiress Ursula Stanhope treks off to Africa for adventure, and to get away from fiance Lyle Vandergroot. He follows her anyway. Ursula is rescued from a lion attack by George, who whisks her to his jungle tree house. There they are smitten by each other. Returning with her to San Francisco, it is George's turn to be bewildered by the urban jungle. Meanwhile, Lyle and his devious trackers pursue schemes of their own to kidnap George's elephant "doggie." David Spalding <dspalding@usa.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Crash (I) (2004)541) Los Angeles citizens with vastly separate lives collide in interweaving stories of race, loss and redemption. Over a thirty-six hour period in Los Angeles, a handful of disparate people's lives intertwine as they deal with the tense race relations that belie life in the city. Among the players are: the Caucasian district attorney, who uses race as a political card; his Caucasian wife, who, having recently been carjacked by two black men, believes that her stereotypical views of non-whites is justified and cannot be considered racism; the two black carjackers who use their race both to their advantage and as an excuse; partnered Caucasian police constables, one who is a racist and uses his authority to harass non-whites, and the other who hates his partner because of those racist views, but who may have the same underlying values in his subconscious; a black film director and his black wife, who believes her husband doesn't support their black background enough, especially in light of an incident with the racist white cop; partnered police detectives and sometimes lovers, one Hispanic female and the other black male, the latter who is dealing with a drugged out mother that feels he isn't concerned enough about taking care of family; an East Asian man who is run over but who is hiding some valuable cargo in the back of his van; a Persian store owner, who feels he isn't getting satisfaction from American society when his store is robbed time and time again; and a Hispanic locksmith, who just wants to keep his family, especially his young daughter, safe in a seemingly unsafe world. Huggo Against the backdrop of bustling Los Angeles, a vivid tapestry of multifaceted people, coming from both sides of the tracks, unfolds. Detective Graham, and his partner Ria, investigate a potentially racially motivated crime, and Farhad, a desperate Persian shop owner, seeks protection in all the wrong places. Elsewhere in the city, District Attorney Rick and his wife, Jean, fall prey to a pair of carjackers linked, somehow, to Park, a Korean man. Then, prejudice affects Daniel Ruiz, a Hispanic locksmith, and bigoted veteran police officer, Sergeant Ryan, locks horns with his rookie partner, Officer Hanson, after crossing paths with TV director, Flanagan, and his wife, Christine. And, as racism, hostility, hatred, and fear become inextricably intertwined with the lives of everyone involved, over the next 36 long hours, they are bound to crash into each other. Nick Riganas Several stories interweave during two days in Los Angeles involving a collection of inter-related characters, a police detective with a drugged out mother and a thieving younger brother, two car thieves who are constantly theorizing on society and race, the white district attorney and his irritated and pampered wife, a racist white veteran cop (caring for a sick father at home) who disgusts his more idealistic younger partner, a successful Hollywood director and his wife who must deal with the racist cop, a Persian-immigrant father who buys a gun to protect his shop, a Hispanic locksmith and his young daughter who is afraid of bullets, and more. Martin Lewison <dr@martinlewison.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A black man, Detective Graham Waters, speaks dazedly about the nature of Los Angeles and the need for people to crash into each other. A Latino woman in the driver's seat of the car, Ria, mentions they were hit from behind and spun around. She gets out of the car and goes to the cop and the other driver, an Asian woman. The two women blame each other for the mishap and make racial jibes. The Latina identifies herself as a detective. Waters gets out walks toward more police cars and a crime scene. Another cop mentions they have a body. An intense stare crosses Waters' face as he looks at something. The scene flashes back to "Yesterday." At a gun shop a Persian man Farhad and his daughter Dorri are buying a handgun. The shop owner gets upset with the Persians speaking Farsi and the two men quickly begin exchanging angry insults. Farhad leaves fuming and Dorri tells the shop owner that she'll either take the gun or take their money back, stating that she hopes she gets the money back. She also selects a red box of free bullets as she takes the gun, despite the owner making a cryptic remark about the type of bullets she's chosen. Two young black men, Anthony and Peter, leave a restaurant. Anthony claims they were victims of racism and poor service, Peter laughs it off. Jean and Rick Cabot, a white couple, walk down the sidewalk. Jean notices the two black men, averts her gaze and clutches Rick's arm. Anthony takes it as a racial slight, but then the two young men suddenly draw handguns and carjack the Cabots' black Lincoln Navigator. Peter places a St. Christopher statue on the dashboard over Anthony's objections. Detective Waters and his partner Ria arrive at a crime scene. A uniformed cop tells them there was shooting between two drivers. The surviving white man is identified as an undercover cop named Conklin. The dead driver in a Mercedes is also a cop, a black man named Lewis. The investigators are unsure who started the shooting in the road rage incident. At the Cabots' house Jean is still upset, and even though a locksmith is already changing the door locks. Seeing that the smith has several tattoos and is Latino, she angrily tells her husband she wants the job done again the next day. Jean loudly claims the locksmith will sell the keys and they will be robbed again. The locksmith, Daniel, overhears and leaves two sets of keys on the kitchen counter as he leaves. Rick is running for District Attorney re-election and wonders how to use the car jacking to an electoral advantage while talking to his assistants. In a diner two Asian men talk about pickup of items. Nearby LAPD Officer John Ryan phones an HMO Adminstrator about his father's medical ailment, the administrator seems sympathetic but remains bureaucratic. When she mentions her name is Shaniqua, Ryan makes an angry comment and she hangs up. As he leaves the police station, a white van driven by the Asian man from the diner passes in front of Ryan. Ryan and his partner Officer Tom Hansen patrol and notice a black Navigator. Ryan follows but Hansen states it is not the same plates as the report. As they close up behind the SUV Ryans shines a light into the vehicle causing a woman to raise her head and look back. Ryan turns on the lightbar and pulls over the truck. The cops ask the well dressed black couple inside, Cameron, a movie director, and his wife, Christine Thayer, to get out. Cameron is overly polite and deferential, saying they are close to their home, Christine is slightly drunk and taunts the police. Ryan is angry and makes a point of slowly physically searching the woman, who is wearing a revealing cocktail dress. Hansen realizes his partner is out of line, Cameron remains quiet as his wife is groped. The cops finally let the Thayers go. Farhad is a shop owner himself. His wife Shirin complains the door doesn't close properly. Dorri loads the pistol and puts it in a drawer at the counter for easy access. At their home, Christine Thayer rips into Cameron for not standing up to the cops. Cameron attempts to rationalize why he didn't do anything as they erupt in a bitter argument. At his home Daniel talks to his 5-year-old daughter hiding under her bed. She is still afraid of bullets from the bad neighborhood they recently moved away from. To protect her from bullets, he gives her an invisible cloak, then lovingly puts her to sleep. He gets a page and goes out on another locksmith job. In the SUV, Anthony and Peter continue to discuss race and country music. As the two joke and talk, they pass a white van with the side door open, feel a thump and realize they hit something. Getting out they find an Asian man stuck under the vehicle. After discussing what to do with the "Chinaman," they roughly pull him out. Hansen talks to Lt. Dixon about changing partners. The lieutenant, a black man, tells Hansen that claiming Ryan is a racist will make the lieutenant look like a bad manager. If Hansen wants to change, he has to claim to have a flatulence problem himself and needs to ride alone. The two young men in the hijacked SUV drop the injured man in front of a hospital emergency room. Daniel replaces the lock but tells Farhad the door needs to be replaced. Farhad, who can't speak English very well, expects Daniel to fix the door, thinks the locksmith is cheating him, and argues about the bill. Disgusted, Daniel just tears up the bill and leaves. At a chop shop, the owner Lucien tells Anthony and Peter he can't buy the Navigator parts because of the blood stains, claiming that he'll wind up on the Discovery Channel after the police perform forensics tests. Graham and Ria are having sex when the phone rings. Ria is upset that Graham stops to answer it; it's his mother, asking where Graham's younger brother is and why he hasn't found him yet, knowing he's a criminal but denying he's a bad person. Annoyed by his mother's call, Graham tells her he's having sex with a white woman to anger her. Ria is insulted and upset that Graham treats his mother so poorly and informs him that she's both Puerto Rican and El Salvadorian. Graham hurls an insult and she storms out. Farhad returns and finds his shop trashed and covered with anti-Arab graffiti. He is devastated. Anthony and Peter walk and continue to discuss black people. Jean Cabot is angry her Mexican maid Maria hasn't emptied the dishwasher. Anthony refuses to take a bus, saying it is degrading, and claims he will never steal from another black. Ryan goes to see Shaniqua in person. Initially apologetic, he tries to explain his father's HMO doctor is incompetent and he wants a second opinion, but Shaniqua says it wouldn't be covered by the plan. Ryan gets upset and says his father was a victim of affirmative action and that she, as its beneficiary, should help him. Shaniqua is not impressed, and calls security to kick Ryan out. Shirin attempts to clean the graffiti at the vandalized shop dismayed that the haters didn't even know they were Persian rather than Arab. Graham goes to visit his mother. She lives in a small apartment and seems slightly daft, worried about the younger brother who has run away and been missing. Graham again promises to find him. Before leaving, he notices a bottle of sour milk in the fridge. Outside, Ria tells him Internal Affairs found something in the Mercedes. In the studio a white producer tells Cameron the black character in a scene didn't speak with enough ebonics. He's supposed to be "stupid" and doesn't talk ebonics enough to sound stupid. Cameron thinks the man is joking but it is made clear they have to reshoot the scene. The racial bigotry confronting Cameron is starting to overwhelm him. Christine arrives at the studio and tries to talk to Cameron about the previous evening; she concedes that he might have saved their lives, but he tells her to go home and leaves angrily. Christine is left in tears. An insurance man tells the Iranians they aren't covered for the vandalism because the door wasn't fixed - exactly as the locksmith had said. Farhad therefore blames Daniel and tries to find out his name to exact revenge. The Lock company receptionist refuses to give it and hangs up on him. Going out on shift, Ryan sees Hansen and wishes him well. He also prophetically warns Hansen that he may not know himself as well as he thinks he does. Ryan then cheerfully calls out to his new partner, Gomez, Hansen gets into a police unit by himself, and the dispatcher makes a fart joke. Ria and Graham go to the impound yard and are shown a spare tire in the Mercedes' trunk with $300,000 hidden inside. Farhad finds out Daniel's name using the crumpled up lock workorder. Arriving at an accident scene Ryan runs to a rolled car, someone is trapped inside. It is Christine Thayer and already scared, she becomes distraught when she recognizes Ryan, and refuses his help. Ryan insists harshly that he won't hurt her and tries to free her as there is spilled gas and a burning wreck nearby. The fire races toward the inverted car, other cops pull Ryan out as the car catches fire. He breaks free of his colleagues' grip and goes back into the car and cuts Christine free of her seat belt, pulling her out just before the vehicle explodes in a fireball. Christine is taken away badly shaken as she looks back at now heroic John Ryan. Flanagan, Rick Cabot's campaign manager, talks to Graham. He says they know the white cop has a history of shooting black men and Cabot wants to go public blaming Conklin for the shooting. Graham suggests the black cop was up to something suspicious. Flanagan brings up details about Graham's missing brother and some criminal charges against him which could be dropped He also hints at a good job with Cabot if Graham agrees with the story to blame the white cop. Graham reluctantly agrees and Cabot immediately announces the lie to the press. Driving alone his black Navigator, distraught from all the happenings, Cameron comes to a stop sign. Suddenly Anthony and Peter appear with guns drawn to carjack him. They are surprised he is black. This time, Cameron fights back and gets the gun away from Anthony, starts kicking him on the ground. Peter points his gun, threatening to shoot Cameron but he can't. A police car sees the scuffle from a distance and starts toward them. Peter runs off and Anthony and Cameron get in the SUV and drive off. After a short chase, two police cars corner the Lincoln. Anthony shrinks down in the passenger seat, afraid to get out, but Cameron does get out and confronts the police. Hansen is one of the responding officers and recognizes him; he tells the other cops the man is a friend, convincing them to back off and lower their pistols. Hansen, with the previous injustice clearly on his mind, is able to g. Finally the two are let go. Cameron gives Anthony his gun back and tells him he is an embarrassment as he drops him off. Farhad confronts Daniel in the driveway, pointing his gun at him and demanding money to repair the ruined store. Daniel tries to calm him down when his daughter runs out to protect him with her "invisible cloak." As she jumps into her father's arms, Farhad fires a shot from close range. Daniel screams in agony, holding his daughter, as Farhad stands stunned on the sidewalk. Daniel checks the girl and finds no blood. She is all right. Stunned and surprised he brings her inside leaving a bewildered Farhad in the street. Graham returns to the mother's place with fresh groceries. He places them in the fridge as she sleeps unaware. Jean Cabot talks on the phone to a friend, saying she doesn't understand why she is angry all the time. Hanging up she slips and falls down the stairs, lies whimpering on a landing. Hitchhiking back to town later that evening, Peter is picked up by the off-duty Hansen. They chat, but Hansen thinks Peter is mocking him and tells Peter to get out of the car. Peter begins laughing at the St. Christopher statue on the dashboard and reaches into his pocket to show his. A nervous Hansen thinks it's a gun, then draws his gun and shoots him dead. Shocked by what he did, he pushes the dead Peter out of his car on an isolated dark road. Back to the scene at the beginning, Graham arrives on the crime scene and sees his lifeless brother, Peter Waters, by the side of the road. Anthony has taken the step of riding a bus, without his faithful sidekick, but out the window he notices that a white van has the key left in the door. He drives off in it. At a hospital the same Asian woman shouting in the accident at the beginning arrives, desperately calling for her husband. Her husband, the Korean man in the white van who was run over by Anthony and Peter, is wounded, bandaged up but coherent. He tells his wife to quickly go cash a check in his coat pocket. Anthony brings the newly stolen white van to the same chop shop, where they find several Cambodian illegal immigrants chained up in the back. Lucien offers to pay Anthony $500 for each person. A look of remorse crosses Anthony's face. At a hospital, a grieving Mrs. Waters sees her dead son, Peter. She blames Graham for not finding his brother earlier as promised and states that Peter's last act was to deliver fresh groceries to her. The detective takes it stoically. Dorri comes to see her father Farhad. Placid, he says he found an angel and gives her the handgun. Dorri goes to check the red box of bullets. They are labeled ".38 Special Blanks". Rick and Jean talk on the phone. Jean is OK as the maid had taken her to the hospital and that she has a bad sprain. Maria brings her a cup of tea and the two women hug, Jean hugging Maria more intensely. Jean calls the maid her best friend. Hansen abandons his car after lighting it on fire. Cameron stops his car as it starts to snow lightly. He sees the burning car and goes to the fire to throw stuff on the flames. His phone rings, Christine is calling and they say they love each other, reconciling. Graham returns to the place his brother's body was found. He finds Peter's St. Christopher statue. Anthony lets the illegal Asian immigrants out in Chinatown. Leaving them $40 for some "chop suey", he drives off, feeling pleased with himself. Across the street a minor rear-ender occurs and we see Shaniqua get out of her car, berating the other driver. Snow falls as a crowd gathers around them. 
 The Mummy Returns (2001)761) The mummified body of Imhotep is shipped to a museum in London, where he once again wakes and begins his campaign of rage and terror. Many years ago, in Ancient Egypt, the Scorpion King led a menacing army, but when he sold his soul to Anubis, he was erased from history. Now he is only a myth...or is he? Rick and Evelyn O'Connell are still discovering new artifacts, along with their 8 year old son Alex. They discover the Bracelet of Anubis. But someone else is after the bracelet. High Priest Imhotep has been brought back from the dead once again and wants the bracelet, to control the Scorpion King's army. That's not the only problem. Imhotep now has Alex and with the bracelet attached to him, doesn't have long to live. Film_Fan This big-budget sequel from writer/director Stephen Sommers navigates much of the same cliffhanger territory as George Lucas and Steven Spielberg's Indiana Jones franchise. It is 1933, eight years after the events of The Mummy (1999). Legionnaire Rick O'Connell Brendan Fraser has married his Egyptologist girlfriend Evelyn Carnahan (Rachel Weisz) and the couple has settled in London, where they're raising their young son Alex (Freddie Boath). The family's domestic tranquility is shattered when the 3,000-year-old mummified corpse of Imhotep (Arnold Vosloo), which has been shipped to the British Museum, is resurrected once again to resume his evil quest for immortality. In the meantime, another ancient threat emerges in the form of the Scorpion King (professional wrestler Dwayne Johnson, aka. the Rock), a mighty warrior frozen in time with his supernatural army. In order to save his family, Rick is forced to seek a mythical pyramid of gold, facing marauding bands of pygmy skeletons, among other hazards. ahmetkozan Eight peaceful years after Imhotep's first reincarnation in The Mummy (1999) , Pharaoh Seti's evil high priest comes back from the dead once more, to disrupt the easy family life of the O'Connells and their eight-year-old son, Alex. As if that weren't enough, yet another destructive force--the ancient warlord, Scorpion King--breaths again, while in the meantime, a mystical artefact, the Bracelet of Anubis, seals the fate of both Evelyn and her innocent son. Now, it's up to brave Rick, Evelyn's brother, Jonathan, and the Medjay protector, Ardeth Bay, to save the day, as the world is on the brink of demise by hordes of millennium-old adversaries. Can they survive dark Anubis' wrath when the Mummy returns? Nick Riganas Another legend. Another monster. Another quest for the world! The Scorpion King. A legendary warrior who sold his soul to Anubis was erased from record in the ancient kingdom. His existence was lost to the sands, preserved only in mythology. But there is truth to the myth. In the desert of Ahm Shere, in a golden pyramid, sleeps the Scorpion King. And he, or whomsoever may kill him, may command the demonic and undefeatable Army of Anubis! Ten years after the cursed high-priest Imhotep was resurrected and defeated by Rick O'Connell and Evelyn and Jonathon Carnahan, he is resurrected once again by a mysterious woman Meela armed with the knowledge of centuries! Together, Imhotep and Meela have one goal: Defeat the Scorpion King and use his army to destroy mankind! Meanwhile, Rick and his wife, Evelyn, are busy raising their son, Alex. On the Egyptian New Year, Evie begins having dreams about ancient Egypt, which lead her straight to the Bracelet of Anubis. Meela's henchmem come for it, but Ardeth Bey appears as well. Ardeth explains the legend, the mythos, and the problem. Now it becomes a race against time to get to Ahm Shere. Will Rick defeat the Scorpion King and send the Army back to the underworld? Or will Imhotep do so and rule the world? Or worse... Is the Scorpion King so powerful that he cannot be defeated, and he himself will raise the Army for global victory? Maxamillian King The story is set in 1933, approximately 7 years after the events of the first film. Rick O'Connell is now married to Evelyn and the couple has settled in London, where they are raising their 8-year-old son Alex. When a chain of events finds the corpse of Imhotep resurrected in the British Museum, the mummy Imhotep walks the earth once more, determined to fulfill his quest for immortality. But another force has also been set loose in the world... one born of the darkest rituals of ancient Egyptian mysticism, and even more powerful than Imhotep. When these two forces clash, the fate of the world will hang in the balance, sending the O'Connells on a desperate race to save the world from unspeakable evil, and rescue their son before it is too late... MicroPisti <micropisti@freemail.hu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 3067 BC, a warrior known as the Scorpion King (Dwayne Johnson), led his army on a campaign to conquer the known world. After seven years of fighting, the Scorpion King and his army were defeated and exiled to the desert of Ahm Shere. One by one they died of heat exhaustion, leaving only the Scorpion King who swears an oath to Anubis, god of the underworld, exchanging his soul for the power to defeat his enemies. Anubis grants his wish, creating an oasis to hide the Scorpion King's pyramid and by giving him his army, an endless legion of demonic anthropomorphic jackal-headed warriors, to exact his revenge. The Army of Anubis sweeps across Egypt, destroying everything in its path, but once their task was finished, Anubis claims the Scorpion King's soul and his army. In 1933, Rick (Brendan Fraser) and Evelyn O'Connell (Rachel Weisz) are exploring a pyramid in the ancient Egyptian city of Thebes with their son, Alex. Within, they discover and collect the Bracelet of Anubis which sets off a trap causing Rick and Evelyn to narrowly escape the pyrmaid as it floods with water. Meanwhile, Alex encounters three looters who flee after the walls start to collapse. Back in London, Alex puts the bracelet on which mystically provides him with directions to the oasis of Ahm Shere. Since it is the year of the Scorpion, Alex has seven days to reach the oasis, or the bracelet would kill him on the eighth day the moment the rays of the sun shine on him; at that point the Scorpion King and his army will also reawaken. Later, Alex is captured by an Egyptian cult who have resurrected Imhotep: their purpose for doing so is to use Imhotep's power to defeat the Scorpion King, which would give him command of the Army of Anubis. The cult, led by Baltus Hafez (Alun Armstrong), the curator of the British Museum, includes a psychopathic warrior named Lock-Nah and Meela Nais, the reincarnation of Imhotep's love Anck-su-namun. The O'Connells set out to rescue Alex, accompanied by Evelyn's brother Jonathan and their old mate-in-arms, the Medjai Ardeth Bay. Rick's associate from his past adventures, Izzy, an airship pilot, provides transportation. The instructions are given to Alex in stages, and he leaves clues to the next location for his parents to find. Ardeth sends a message to a growing army of his fellow Medjai, intended to stop the army of Anubis as it awakens. Along the way, the O'Connells learn of their connections to Imhotep and the Scorpion King himself: in a past life, Evelyn was Nefertiri, daughter of Seti I and protector of the Bracelet of Anubis. Rick is a Medjai, trusted to protect Evelyn. Together with their son Alex, who is the path to Ahm Shere, they make up the three sides of a pyramid. In the meantime, Imhotep brings Anck-su-namun's soul back from the underworld and places it in Meela's body, restoring her completely. As the two groups arrive at the oasis where the Scorpion King's temple lies, the cultists are attacked by mummified pygmies and ambushed by Rick, Evelyn, Jonathan, and Ardeth. The cultists are all killed with the exception of Hafez, their leader. Lock-Nah is then killed by Ardeth, who leaves the group to assume command of the Medjai army. Rick saves Alex and manages to get him to the pyramid moments before the bracelet can kill him, and Alex is able to remove it. However, when Jonathan and Evelyn catch up, Anck-su-namun walks into the pyramid courtyard with Imhotep and stabs Evelyn in the stomach, killing her. Hafez takes the bracelet and uses it to release the Army of Anubis, whom the Medjai engage in battle. Imhotep's powers are stripped from him by Anubis, forcing him to fight the Scorpion King as a mortal. Rick enters the temple as Imhotep summons the Scorpion King, now in the form of a half-human, half-scorpion monster. Imhotep feigns allegiance to the King, who then focuses his wrath on Rick, killing Hafez when he stumbles in. Meanwhile, Jonathan distracts Anck-su-namun while Alex uses the Book of the Dead to revive his mother; and Evelyn engages in a battle with Anck-su-namun. At the same time, Ardeth and the remnants of the Medjai army defeat the first wave of Anubis warriors, only to discover what they fought was only the vanguard, and now the full force of Anubis' army is bearing down on them. Outnumbered, the Medjai prepare to make their last stand. Rick's battle is going badly, but he sees a series of illustrations on the walls depicting a person sharing the mark on his wrist. The illustrations reveal that the Scorpion King can be killed by the Spear of Osiris, which Jonathan has been carrying throughout the film. Although Jonathan's attempt to throw the spear results in Imhotep catching it and nearly delivering the blow himself, Rick is able to intercept it and stab the Scorpion King himself. He orders him (and his army) back to the underworld, turning both the Scorpion King and the Army of Anubis into sand, seconds before they hit the Medjai lines. Rick and Imhotep race to escape the now-collapsing pyramid temple. A chasm leading to the underworld appears, and Rick and Imhotep fall in, barely managing to cling onto the edges of the opening. Evelyn enters the room and manages to save Rick, but Anck-su-namun is unwilling to do the same for Imhotep. Shocked and heartbroken, Imhotep willingly casts himself into the chasm; meanwhile, as she flees, Anck-su-namun accidentally falls into a pit of scarabs and is suffocated. The family climbs to the top of the pyramid and meet up with Izzy. They escape unharmed and with a massive diamond that Jonathan pulled from the top of the pyramid. The group sets off into the sunset, a grateful Ardeth bidding them farewell. 
 The Mummy (1999)761) At an archaeological dig in the ancient city of Hamunaptra, an American serving in the French Foreign Legion accidentally awakens a mummy who begins to wreak havoc as he searches for the reincarnation of his long-lost love. An English librarian called Evelyn Carnahan becomes interested in starting an archaeological dig at the ancient city of Hamunaptra. She gains the help of Rick O'Connell, after saving him from his death. What Evelyn, her brother Jonathan and Rick are unaware of is that another group of explorers are interested in the same dig. Unfortunately for everyone, this group ends up unleashing a curse which been laid on the dead High Priest Imhotep. Now 'The Mummy' is awake and it's going to take a lot more than guns to send him back to where he came from. Film_Fan Doomed to suffer unimaginable torture for all eternity, the traitorous high priest of Pharaoh Seti I, Imhotep, is buried alive. Nearly three millenniums later, in 1926, the intrepid American adventurer, Rick O'Connell, the bookish British Egyptologist, Evelyn, and her brother, Jonathan, unwisely embark on a dangerous treasure hunt in the lost city of Hamunaptra, only to inadvertently set free Imhotep. Now, the slowly regenerating creature plans his revenge, hell-bent on unleashing ten devastating plagues upon Egypt, and, above all, reunite with his eternal lover, Anck-Su-Namun. Do Rick, Evelyn, and Jonathan have what it takes to thwart the ancient entity's evil plans? Can they stop the Mummy? Nick Riganas As punishment for killing Pharaoh Seti and touching his mistress Anck Su Namun, Egyptian priest Imhotep was cursed and mummified alive. But in 1923 he is inadvertently resurrected by treasure hunters and must be stopped before he can wreak his final vengeance on the world. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> In 1923, a group of archeologists stumble upon a tomb at Hamunaptra. Inside this tomb the group finds the body of Imhotep, Pharoah Seti's priest and one-time lover of Seti's mistress. However, when the group accidentally brings Imhotep back to life, the results are fatal. Emma B. In ancient Egypt, high priest Imhotep started a forbidden relationship with Anck Su Namun, Pharaoh Seti's Mistress. When Seti finds out about what's going on, Imhotep and his loved one stab him, but can't escape the trustworthy guards: Anck Su Namun chooses to commit suicide while Imhotep is bestowed with the Hom-Dai, the most feared curse of all: He is mummified alive in Hamunaptra, the city of the Dead. More than thirty-six centuries later, in 1923, to be exact, adventurer Rick leads Egyptologist Evelyn and her brother Jonathan to mysterious Hamunaptra. While Jonathan is keen on finding the legendary Egyptian treasures, Evelyn wants to search for the Book of the Living, which would clarify a lot in historical knowledge about the ancient Egyptians. Unfortunately, they and a rivaling group of careless American adventurers free Imhotep's mummy from his eternal prison. Now, with the ancient and quite agile high priest on the loose, the adventurers and scientists face not only a dangerous enemy, but also a massive threat to today's world: Imhotep wants to bring Anck Su Namun back to life by using Evelyn's body, but he also wants to rid the world of the disbelieving crowd of democracy-supporters to be able to enforce his tyrannic dictatorship. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Egypt, circa 1290 BC, high priest Imhotep engages in an affair with Anck-su-Namun, the mistress of Pharaoh Seti, despite strict rules that other men are forbidden to touch her. When the Pharaoh discovers their tryst, Imhotep and Anck-su-Namun murder the monarch. Imhotep is dragged away by his priests before the Pharaoh's guards can discover his involvement; Anck-su-Namun then kills herself, intending for Imhotep to resurrect her. After Anck-su-Namun's burial, Imhotep breaks into her crypt and steals her corpse. He and his priests flee across the desert to Hamunaptra, the City of the Dead, where they begin the resurrection ceremony. However, they are caught by Seti's guards before the ritual could be completed, and Anck-su-Namun's soul is sent back to the Underworld. For their sacrilege, Imhotep's priests are mummified alive, and Imhotep himself is forced to endure the curse of Hom Dai: his tongue is cut out and he is buried alive with a swarm of flesh-eating scarabs. The ritual curses him to become an immortal walking plague if he were ever to be resurrected. He is buried under high security, sealed away in a sarcophagus below a statue of the Egyptian god Anubis, and kept under strict surveillance throughout the ages by the Medjai, descendants of Seti's palace guards. If Imhotep were ever to be released, the powers that made him immortal would allow him to unleash a wave of destruction and death upon the Earth. In 1923, soldiers from the French Foreign Legion, led by American Rick O'Connell, make a final stand at Hamunaptra against an overwhelming force of Medjai warriors. The soldiers are massacred and O'Connell makes a final retreat inside the city, only to be cornered by a group of Medjai. However, they flee when Imhotep's evil presence manifests itself, leaving him to die in the desert. In 1926, Cairo librarian and aspiring Egyptologist, Evelyn Carnahan is presented with an intricate box and map by her bumbling brother Jonathan, who says he found it in Thebes. The map seems to point the way to the lost city of Hamunaptra, where all of the wealth of Egypt was supposedly stored; however, the museum curator, Dr. Bey, dismisses Hamunaptra as a myth, and accidentally damages the map. Jonathan reveals he actually stole it from an American (revealed to be O'Connell), who is currently in prison, and may be able to tell more about Hamunaptra. Rick tells them that he knows the location of the city from his days in the Foreign Legion. He makes a deal with Evelyn to reveal the location of Hamunaptra, in exchange for Evelyn saving Rick from being hanged. Evelyn successfully negotiates his release from the prison warden by offering him 25% of the found treasure; however, the warden insist on coming along in order to protect his investment. They board a ship to start their expedition to the city, where they encounter a band of American treasure hunters led by the famed Egyptologist Dr. Allen Chamberlain, and guided by Beni Gabor, a cowardly former Legion soldier who served with Rick and also knows the location of the lost city. During the journey, the boat is invaded by Medjai soldiers who are looking for Evelyn's box and the map. The expedition manages to fight them off, but the map is lost and the boat goes up in flames, forcing the entire party to go ashore. Rick, Evelyn and Jonathan are separated from the other treasure hunters and procure camels at a nearby market. Since Rick knows the way to the city, they arrive at Hamunaptra at the same time as the other party, but due to tensions between the two groups, they start exploring the city in separate locations. The Americans discover a chest between the legs of the statue of Anubis. They have it opened by several of their carriers, but the chest is booby-trapped and the carriers die from an acid spray. In the meanwhile, Evelyn is looking for the Book of Amun-Ra, a solid gold book supposedly capable of taking life away. Her team discovers a tomb buried directly below the statue of Anubis. Evelyn's box turns out to function as a key that opens the tomb; inside there is a sarcophagus. Suddenly, the prison warden runs by, screaming in pain. Unbeknownst to the rest, he had found a decorative scarab, but it contained a real scarab that entered his body and ate a way into his brain. The warden knocks himself into a wall and dies instantly. After a quiet evening outside, Rick and Evelyn get in a romantic mood, when suddenly, both groups are attacked by the Medjai, led by a warrior named Ardeth Bay. Rick forces a stand-off by lighting a stick of dynamite and threatening to blow everyone up. Bay warns them of the evil buried in the city, and gives them one day to leave. His groups then ride out. Rather than heed his warning, the two expeditions continue to work on their respective projects. The sarcophagus is opened, and contains the gory remains of Imhotep. The team of Americans, meanwhile, open the chest, in spite of a warning on its lid that threatens to kill everyone who takes its contents. They discover the black Book of the Dead, accompanied by canopic jars carrying Anck-su-Namun's preserved organs; each of the Americans takes a jar as loot, while Dr. Chamberlain takes the book, but Beni flees the scene out of fear for the curse. At night, Evelyn takes the Book of the Dead from the Americans' tent; her key also fits on it. She reads a page aloud, accidentally awakening Imhotep's mummified remains. Immediately, the first plague announces itself: a swarm of locusts invades the terrain, forcing everyone inside the city. The entire group is separated into smaller parties when a giant army of scarabs breaks loose, and eats everything in its path. One of the Americans gets lost, and is attacked by Imhotep, who takes his eyes and tongue while partially regenerating his body. Evelyn also encounters Imhotep, and he seems to recognize her as Anck-Su-Namun; however, Rick shoots him down before everyone flees the catacombs. They run into Ardeth and his group of Medjai warriors again. He berates them for resuccecting Imhotep, who will now bring along death and destruction. The only thing to do is flee the city, until a way can be found to kill him again. The entire group leaves, but Beni is left behind. He also encounters Imhotep, but successfully pleads for his life, and is allowed to become his slave. Both groups return to Cairo. Rick and the Americans plan to leave Egypt, but Evelyn decides to stay, reasoning that releasing the curse was their fault, so they have the responsibility to stop Imhotep. That afternoon, the next plague announces itself: water turning into blood, signaling that Imhotep is nearby. The group deduces that Imhotep will go after the four men who took the Book of the Dead and the canopic jars. Beni has indeed taken Imhotep to Cairo, helping him trace the Americans. Rick and Jonathan track down the American whose eyes were stolen; they find his desiccated body, and Imhotep slowly regenerating his own. Rick tries to kill Imhotep but he is invulnerable to weapons; only the presence of a cat in the room startles him, and he flees in a dust storm. Rick returns to his quarters as the second plague starts: violent hailstorms ravage the city. He locks Evelyn in her room to keep her safe from Imhotep, ordering the remaining two Americans to stand guard while he and Jonathan leave to warn Dr. Chamberlain. The doctor's chamber is empty, but they witness Imhotep killing Dr. Chamberlain in the streets, taking the Black Book and releasing a swarm of flies. Imhotep proceeds to Evelyn, entering the room and consuming the body of the American on guard. He enters the sleeping Evelyn's bedroom through the keyhole by transforming into sand, and tries to kiss her. Rick, Jonathan and the remaining American enter, and scare him away by threatening him with a cat. The group goes to the museum, hoping that the museum curator Dr. Bey may have some answers. They are astonished to find him together with Ardeth Bay. Dr. Bey reveals to also be a member of the secret society sworn to prevent Imhotep's resurrection (which is why he purposely tried to burn the map). He theorizes that Imhotep will fears cats (the guardians of the underworld) until he is fully immortal; he also thinks that Imhotep intends to resurrect Anck-su-Namun, using Evelyn's body to regenerate it. All of a sudden, a solar eclipse occurs, so they have to make haste. Evelyn hypothesizes that if the black Book of the Dead brought Imhotep back to life, the gold Book of Amun-Ra can kill the high priest once again. The group finds a tablet in the museum that describes the location of both books, and Evelyn deduces that the gold book must be buried beneath the statue of Horus. At that moment, a large group of natives, covered in boils and sores (the next plague) and under Imhotep's spell, surround the museum. The heroes leave the museum by car, but the remaining American is captured during the pursuit, and consumed by Imhotep. Finally cornered by his followers, the fully regenerated Imhotep offers Evelyn to come with him, in exchange for letting the others go. She agrees, but as they leave, Imhotep goes back on his words. Dr. Bey sacrifices his life by holding back the crowd of followers while the rest flee through the sewers. Rick, Jonathan and Ardeth enlist the help of Winston Havlock, a desillusioned WWI fighter pilot, to fly them over to Hamunaptra. Imhotep returns to Hamunaptra in a sandstorm, carrying Evelyn and Beni, pursued by Rick's plane. Imhotep uses his powers to cause a huge sandstorm, but distracted by Evelyn, he only succeeds in letting the plane make an emergency crash landing, killing only Winston. Rick, Jonathan and Ardeth enter Hamunaptra and discover a new area ful of Hamunaptra's famed treasures. They quickly get into a battle with Imhotep's resurrected mummy priests, so they make their way to the statue of Horus, where they find the Book of Amun-Ra. However, when cornered by the priests, Ardeth sacrifices himself to allow Rick and Jonathan to escape. Imhotep, in the meanwhile, has resurrected the mummified remains of Anck-su-Namun and is preparing to sacrifice Evelyn, when Rick and Jonathan interfere. Rick frees Evelyn from a group of mummies, while Jonathan reads an inscription on the book in order to kill Imhotep; unfortunately, this only summons a group of mummified guards, who go after Rick, while Evelyn is attacked by the resurrected Anck-su-Namun. Jonathan succeeds in finishing the inscription, giving him command of the guards just before they kill Rick; he commands the guards to kill Anck-su-Namun. Imhotep turns his anger towards Rick, while Jonathan and Evelyn succeed in opening the Book of Amun-Ra. Imhotep is about to kill Rick when Evelyn recites the counter-curse. Imhotep's immortal soul is taken from him, and he becomes mortal. Rick fatally stabs him, and rapidly decaying into a mummy again, Imhotep leaves the world of the living, vowing revenge. Beni, who was secretly dragging treasure outside, accidentally sets off an ancient booby trap. As Hamunaptra begins to collapse into the sand, Rick, Evelyn and Jonathan race towards the exit, with Jonathan accidentally dropping the gold book. Beni remains behind, and is trapped and eaten by a swarm of flesh-eating scarabs. The heroes escape before Hamunaptra disappears in the sand. Ardeth, who has unexpectedly survived, waits for them outside andthanks them for their help. They ride off into the sunset on a pair of camels laden with Beni's treasure. 