nm0003412:

 The Flag (2016)Summaries Harry Hambridge (Pat Shortt ) a down on his luck builder finds out his father raised the flag in the 1916 rising. The Flag now hangs in a British Army Barracks. He makes up his mind to get it. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Truth Commissioner (2016)Summaries A drama about a truth commissioner appointed to chair a South African style truth commission in Northern Ireland. Henry Stanfield is the new Truth Commissioner in Northern Ireland. Part of his job is to facilitate the peaceful sharing of power in Belfast. However, the investigation into the murder of a teenage boy, who acted as an informer, brings to light more buried secrets than either London or Dublin want to become known, and various people, both at home in Ireland and as far away as America, find out that old sins cast long shadows. Lonely, widowed diplomat Henry Stanfield, anxious to repair the rift with daughter Emma, is appointed the truth commissioner by the British prime minister and sent to Northern Ireland, a principal task being to determine the fate of Connor Roche, a youngster who disappeared twenty years earlier, presumed killed by the I.R.A. as an informer. The chief suspect, Michael Madden, is now living in America but Connor's sister Maria and mother welcome Henry's investigation as they believe there was a cover-up. He immediately spars with the chief constable and detects that his assistant Laura has had dinner with Jake Marston, who is a spy. Official witnesses are not always immediately helpful - including former Sinn Fein member, now politician Francis Gilroy and retired RUC chief James Fenton. To Henry uncovering the truth is paramount but so too is his effort to reconcile with his daughter. don @ minifie-1 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pure Mule (2005 )Summaries Each of the episodes is a self-contained story focusing on the weekend of one particular character from a Friday until a Monday morning. Set in a Midlands market town, which remains unnamed, the series weaves in and out of the stories of the various characters over the course of the series. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Eden (2008)211) A married couple's relationship begins to fall apart as their 10th wedding anniversary approaches. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This film is the screen adaptation of Eugene O'Brien's play of the same name. Set in a thriving Irish town, Eden tells the story of a week in the lives of Billy & Breda Farrell as they approach their 10th wedding anniversary. Breda is determined ... Full Descriptionthat the milestone will re-ignite the passion in their marriage. Billy, on the other hand, has developed an obsession with Imelda Egan, a pretty but unobtainable local young lass, and has convinced himself that the coming weekend will see them become lovers under the eyes of everyone. As the date draws closer, Billy's behavior becomes more and more chaotic, while Breda's frustrations crystallize and find more high-risk expression. Aidan Kelly and Eileen Walsh star. As their 10th anniversary approaches, Breda (Eileen Walsh) and Billy (Aidan Kelly) are trying to get over a rocky part of their marriage. Billy, who works for the phone company, spends most of his free time at the local pub and eyeing the much younger Imelda (Sarah Greene), who loves to party. Meanwhile, Breda discusses her marital problems with her best friend, Eilish (Lesley Conroy), who thinks Breda needs to go out more and have fun instead of just staying home and taking care of her two kids, Edel (Carolyn Murray) and James (Brendan Kelleher). Breda has big plans for the anniversary night, even making a new dress for the occasion, hoping it will inject much-needed romance into their stale marriage, but Billy keeps growing more and more distant. Although he promises that their anniversary will be special, he is worried that he will not be able to live up to his word. Directed by Declan Recks, EDEN, set in the Irish Midlands, is a poignant adult drama based on the two-character play by Eugene O'Brien, who also wrote the screenplay. The title is both a reference to the small town of Edenderry, where O'Brien is from, as well as the biblical Garden of Eden, where temptation was just within reach. Recks and O'Brien, along with Walsh and other members of the cast and crew, had previously worked together on the successful Irish television miniseries PURE MULE, and that experience helps give the film a feeling of closeness and warmth. Walsh, who was named Best Actress at the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival, is extraordinary in a role that her sister Catherine played in the original Abbey Theatre production, while Kelly is excellent as the torn Billy. The film is dedicated to Recks's father, Richie, who plays bartender Quenchers Quinn, and who died shortly after filming was completed. [D-Man2010] 