nm0004490:

 Les arcandiers (1991)Summaries Three Arcandiers (hustlers) set off in mid-winter in a rusty Mercedes to find a way to Brazil. With no money or luck their salvation would come from their meeting with hitchhiker Veronique, but they are destined not to realize it. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ao Fim da Noite (1991)Summaries Jorge is a disc jockey at a nightclub in Bairro Alto, Lisbon. But the owner of the nightclub, Queirs, is also involved in another less lawful but more profitable business: the diamond trade. Queirs is a cold and sophisticated man whose only weakness is an obsessive passion for a woman who has already betrayed him. jferreira93 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Betty Blue (1986)Summaries A lackadaisical handyman and aspiring novelist tries to support his younger girlfriend as she slowly succumbs to madness. Zorg is a handyman working at the seaside in France, maintaining and looking after the wooden bungalows. He lives a quiet and peaceful life, working diligently and writing in his spare time. He is in love with Betty, a young woman who is as beautiful as she is wild and unpredictable. After a dispute with Zorg's boss, they leave and Betty finds a place to stay at her girlfriend's house. The girlfriend's lover owns an Italian restaurant and there they find a job. She is obsessed to try to get one of Zorg's books published, but it is rejected, which makes Betty fly into a rage. Suddenly, Betty's wild manners start to get out of control. Zorg sees the woman he loves slowly going insane. Is his love for Betty strong enough, if even if it comes to the worst? Mattias Pettersson <seaman@sbbs.se> Leading an uneventful, simple, but carefree life, Zorg, an incurable dreamer and aspiring writer, toils away restoring beach houses to make a living. Then, suddenly, Betty--an explosive, unpredictable, and dangerously beautiful nineteen-year-old perfect stranger--enters Zorg's life, ushering in a new era of creative madness, intense passions, and feverish love. Indeed, lively Betty is like a breath of fresh air; however, as unbounded affection gradually turns into destructive desire, Zorg stands powerless before Betty's hideous transformation. But, to Betty, Zorg is everything. Can he live up to her expectations? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pauline at the Beach (1983)44) Marion is about to divorce from her husband and takes her 15-year-old niece Pauline on a vacation to Granville. She meets an old love... Fifteen year old Pauline and her older cousin, model-shaped Marion, go to the emptying Atlantic coast for an autumn holiday. Marion ignores the approaches of a surfer and falls for Henri, a hedonist who is only interested in a sexual adventure and drops her soon. Pauline's little romance with a young man (Sylvain) is also spoiled by Henri. Otto Oberhauser <Oberhauser@cc.univie.ac.at> It's near the end of summer. Both Parisiennes, married Marion, who is close to divorcing her husband of a few years, has agreed to act as the guardian for her fifteen year old cousin Pauline in staying at the family house a few miles away from the Normandy coast, they planning to spend most of their days at what should be the relatively quiet beach due to it being the end of the season. Pauline has already spent two months of her summer on vacation with her parents and thus is looking for a little liberation. Their first day at the beach, Marion and Pauline run into Pierre, one of Marion's old still single boyfriends who is teaching windsurfing, and one of Pierre's slightly older students, divorced Henri, the four who end up spending much of their time together, especially after Henri's adolescent daughter, Marie, heads home to her mother. One of their first conversations turns to the topic of love and sex, and what they see for themselves for their own circumstance. This discussion ends up being prophetic in how their interactions turn out. Pierre, who wants to fall madly in love, believes that it can only develop slowly, and has fallen in love with Marion all over again in seeing her after their five years apart. Marion, who also wants to fall madly in love, tends to be attracted to the unknown. As such, she finds Pierre too known a quantity, with Henri that man of mystery with who she is falling in love. Henri wants sex without commitment, he who will take the sex from whoever he is attracted regardless of their situation. And Pauline, who has never had a serious boyfriend, befriends similarly aged Sylvain, for who she does develop feelings. What happens between Pauline and Sylvain is not only affected by what Pauline gleans from that first night conversation, but also how the three adults deal with sex and love with each other. Huggo In the end of the summer vacation, the fifteen year old Pauline travels with her older divorced cousin, Marion, to her seaside house in Granville. While on the beach, Marion meets her old friend Pierre, who has a crush on her, and his new acquaintance Henri, who lives in Oceania and is spending vacation with his young daughter in the resort. In the night, they go to a casino and Marion has one night stand with Henri, feeling a great passion for him. However, Henri is a wolf and has no interest in having any commitment with Marion. Meanwhile Pauline listens and observes the behavior of the older people while she has a little but disappointing romance with a boy of her own age. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 