nm0007404:

 Aa Naluguru (2004)Summaries A man fights for his philosophy: that human relations are more important than money. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hello Brother (1994)Summaries A quiet and mature man meets with his twin - who is exactly his opposite. After giving birth to twin sons, Deva and Raja, Mrs. Varma is separated from Raja, goes into shock and gets confined to a wheelchair abroad. Years later, in order to get a matured and sober Deva married, she, Deva, and her husband return home. It is here that Deva's life will undergo drastic changes when he gets to meet his twin - the outgoing and precocious - Raja. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Maya Bazaar (1995)Summaries Maya Bazaar 1995 is a 1995 Indian Tamil film, directed by Keyaar and produced by Meena Panchu Arunachalam. The film stars Ramki, Urvashi, Suvarna Mathew, Visu, Vivek and Ajay Rathnam in lead roles. The film had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bharath Ane Nenu (2018)44) Bharat, an young graduate, becomes the C.M of Andhra Pradesh (pre-div) after his father demise without any political knowledge, faces challenges in the process of reform the society. Bharat, a graduate from the UK, the heir of a Chief Minister of a state in India takes up his father's throne after his death. His accountability and responsibility and him urging the people to be the same for a better society lands him in trouble politically. How he regains the faith and becomes a great leader must be experienced on screen. Vamshi Reddy Raised in London, Bharat is a typical youngster who's yet to figure out what to do in life after graduation when circumstances force him to become the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh. New to the place and with no political knowledge, Bharat learns the ropes quickly and governs efficiently. However, while he endears himself to the masses, he makes enemies out of the political class, including his own party members. With the people within and outside his party gunning for him, can the young CM succeed in effecting change in the society? Siddarth Reddy Bharat (Mahesh Babu), an Oxford University graduate returns to India due to his father's death who is the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh. After returning, on the advice of the party leader Varada Rajulu (Prakash Raj) to avoid political disturbances in the state he becomes the new Chief Minister. He finds that the entire system is corrupted and he stumbles upon it. Will he succeed in upholding the law and order in the state and run the government without any corruption forms the rest of the story. krishna vamsi It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 