nm0010767:

 Cupid (2009)Summaries A reworking of Rob Thomas' series "Cupid", which follows the adventures of a modern-day guy who may be a reincarnation of the fabled god of love. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Following (20132015)431) A brilliant and charismatic, yet psychotic serial killer communicates with other active serial killers and activates a cult of believers following his every command. The FBI estimates there are currently over 300 active serial killers in the United States. What would happen if these killers had a way of communicating and connecting with each other? What if they were able to work together and form alliances across the country? What if one brilliant psychotic serial killer was able to bring them all together and activate a following? Jack Former FBI agent Ryan Hardy is called back into action when the serial killer he put away 10 years ago escapes prison. Serial killer Joe Carroll has spent his time behind bars cultivating a following of aspiring serial killers. With the help of his loyal followers, Carroll plans to bring Ryan Hardy to his knees...one victim at a time. lorilynnreed Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. THE FBI estimates there are currently up to 300 active serial killers in the United States. What would happen if these killers had a way of communicating and connecting with each other? What if they were able to work together and form alliances as they left a trail of blood across the country? What if one brilliant and charismatic, yet psychotic serial killer was able to bring them all together and activate a cult of believers following his every command? Welcome to THE FOLLOWING, the psychological thriller from creator/executive producer Kevin Williamson (The Vampire Diaries, Dawsons Creek, the Scream franchise). 
 Law & Order: Criminal Intent (20012011)Summaries This series focuses on the NYPD's Major Case Squad, a force of detectives who investigate high-profile cases, whilst also showing parts of the crime from the criminal's point of view to the audience. This show centers on the NYPD's Major Case Squad (and the offbeat, Sherlock Holmes-like Detective Robert Goren) in its efforts to stop the worst criminal offenders in New York. It also puts a new twist to the "Law & Order" formula: now, in each episode, we see the crimes as they are planned and committed. Brian Barjenbruch Every crime has a history, and every perpetrator has a story. Some of them are presented here, as personal tensions develop, crimes are plotted and ultimately executed, sometimes planned, sometimes not, sometimes by obvious candidates, sometimes not so obvious. Whomever the perpetrator or the victim and depending on the severity of the crime in New York City, the matter could be handled by detectives of the Major Case Squad: a force of brilliant and skilled first-grade detectives who handle the most serious and the most complex crimes that New York has to offer. These are their stories. Scott It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Deadly Reactor (1989)Summaries In a post-apocalypse world inhabited by the Amish, a roving gang led by the corpulent Hog is making life miserable for the peaceful townspeople. Only one lone gunfighter dares to stand in their way. He never draws first - he's the reactor! Brian J. Wright <bjwright@acs.ucalgary.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 