nm0001147:

 Beverly Hills, 90210 (19902000)Summaries A group of friends living in Beverly Hills, California make their way through life from their school days into adulthood. Originally based around the lives of a group of high school students living in the wealthy Beverly Hills neighborhood, then later moving on to their college days as they got older. The kids become friends and enemies, fall in and out of love, and go through an endless series of crises as this small group somehow becomes personally involved in every newsworthy social issue from alcoholism to South African apartheid to pregnancy to AIDS. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mallrats (1995)541) Both dumped by their girlfriends, two best friends seek refuge in the local mall. Brodie Bruce, a Sega and comic book obsessed college student, and his best friend, TS Quint, are both dumped by their girlfriends on the same day, and to deal with their loss, they both go to the local mall. Along the way, they meet up with some friends, including Willam, a guy who stares at Magic Eye pictures, desprately trying to see the hidden image; Gwen, one of TS's ex-girlfriends; and Jay & Silent Bob, of Clerks fame. Eventually, they decide to try and win back their significant others, and take care of their respective nemesises (TS's girlfriend's father, and a store clerk who hates the two for not having any shopping agenda). MTRodaba2468 Mallrats gives us a viewing of a day in the life for two teenagers, T.S. and Brodie, as they wander around all day in a local mall while the girls who recently dumped them do the same. The two guys encounter characters like Jay, Silent Bob, 15-year old sex novel author Trish the Dish, 3-D visionally challenged Willam (the guy just wants to see the sailboat!) and many others. T.S. and Brodie have decided that they will attempt to win back the hearts of their ex-girlfriends before scumbags like Brodie's arch nemesis Shannon Hamilton get to have sex with them in very uncomfortable places, while Jay and Silent Bob attempt to wreck one of their ex-girlfriend's father's game show in the meantime. Zack H. T.S. and Brodie are two suburban high-school friends, both of whom are dumped by their respective girlfriends on the same day. They then go to the local mall to commiserate and hang out, as they often do. Meeting up with punk troublemakers Jay and Silent Bob (played by director Kevin Smith), they collectively hatch a plan to wreak mall havoc and win their loves back. Smith's film is filled with sophomoric and scatological humor, hip 'alternative' music, and pop cultural icons ranging from video games and film (Star Wars and Batman) to comics (including Stan 'The Man' Lee, as himself). Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story takes place in suburban New Jersey. TS Quint arrives at his girlfriend Brandi Svenning's, house to pick her up for a road trip to Florida. She meets him in the driveway and tells him she won't be able to go; she's been asked by her father to fill in for a woman who was supposed to appear on her father's TV show (an poor imitation of The Dating Game). Quint's offhand remark to the original contestant the night before resulted in her obsessively swimming laps at the local YWCA pool until she died from a brain embolism. Quint believes that Brandi is simply bending to the will of her overbearing father, who dislikes Quint to begin with. Quint had also been planning to propose to Brandi at Universal Studios in the Jaws spectacular. The couple have a serious argument that ends with Quint leaving. Meanwhile, in the basement of his own home, Quint's best friend, Brodie, is woken by his girlfriend, Rene. Brodie is largely indifferent to her presence & the two have a heated conversation where she finally dumps him for many reasons, mostly his lazy & shiftless attitude & his ignorance about how much she cares about him. Brodie has never introduced Rene to his mother and she resents having to climb in his basement window to spend the night with him. She throws him a break-up letter and climbs out the window over his protests. Quint goes to Brodie's house after leaving Brandi & the two try to figure out what to do with the rest of the day. Brodie tells Quint about his being dumped and the two discuss their relative situations. They finally decide to go to the local mall & hang out. They arrive at the mall & find out that a stage setup is being constructed. It turns out that Brandi's father is going to be staging his dating show in the mall for the public to see the taping and because a couple of television executives will be present, hoping he can impress them enough to further his career. Brodie suggests that he & Quint find a way to sabotage the show out of revenge. They find the mall's resident troublemakers, Jay and Silent Bob, in front of the pet store and enlist their help to wreck the stage setup and the show. However, the two already know they must find a way to either distract or take down the mall's top security guard, a hulking man named La Fours. Jay and Silent Bob's plans are all blundered, slapstick attempts that end in failure. They are constantly pursued by La Fours and the other mall cops and manage to escape much of the time. Though they draw up intricate blueprinted plans for their missions, they are thwarted every time. Meanwhile, Brodie and Quint try to reconcile with their respective former girlfriends. Brodie notices that Rene is being schmoozed by the general manager of a mall men's store, Shannon, whose ultimate plan is simply to get Rene into bed. Brodie manages to get Rene alone in the elevator and following a heated argument, they have sex. Rene is still not impressed enough to take Brodie back. When Shannon hears about the tryst, he takes Brodie into a back corridor of the mall and beats him up, saying that Rene's not interested and admits that he's only using her for sex. Quint is also unsuccessful at reconciling with Brandi, who shows up at the mall to dress for the dating show. Quint has a few conversations with Mr Svenning to try and convince him that he's a decent enough person to be dating Brodie, but Svenning is totally unconvinced. When Brodie joins the conversation, he plays a nasty trick on Svenning: he "stinkpalms" him, shaking his hand and handing him chocolate-covered pretzels after he'd inserted a few of his fingers in his own rectum. Svenning, however, had simply been stalling the duo and has them both arrested (they are rescued moments later by Jay and Silent Bob, who knock out their mall cop captors). Brodie suggests that to avoid further pursuit, that they go to a nearby flea market. While there, they seek the advice of a psychic, Ivannah, whose gimmick is to read people's fortunes topless. (She also has 2 nipples on her right breast, adding to her panache.) She gives Quint some advice; that he shouldn't give up trying to reconcile with Brandi, despite what her father thinks. The two return to the mall and reconnect with Jay and Silent Bob to enact a more elaborate plan of revenge. One of the mall's denizens is a 15-year-old student named Tricia. Tricia is conducting a study of the male sex drive and her research involves having sex with men aged 18 - 60. She has also videotaped them all with their consent. One of the people she'd slept with is Shannon. Brodie asks to borrow the tape she'd done with Shannon. Behind the scenes of the dating show, Jay has been sent to subdue two of the male contestants with marijuana. Brodie and Quint take their places on the show. A third contestant was missed by Jay. They also knock out Svenning's personal assistant. Svenning himself is sidelined by a case of diphtheria, which he'd caught from Brodie's stinkpalm prank, and spends most of the show vomiting. On the program, Quint, Brodie & the third contestant, Gill Hicks, will compete for a date with Brandi. Brandi asks them several pointed questions about their dating style and soon figures out that Quint and Brodie are behind the wall that hides them from her. Quint is able to win Brandi back with clever answers and the two reconcile on stage. Brodie takes the microphone from the host & points out Rene in the audience, telling her that Shannon is a lecherous bastard. While he's seized by the security guards, Silent Bob, who'd wired a VCR unit into the stage's monitor, plays Tricia's tape of Shannon having sex with her. Brodie announces that Tricia is an underaged girl and Shannon is arrested. Svenning is also arrested for the video being shown on local television, and for the scatological remarks the Brodie made as a contestant. Rene admits she loves Brodie and gets back together with him. He invites her to dinner at his house so she can meet his mother. The TV execs tell Svenning that they're not impressed with his show, calling it derivative and dull. They offer Brodie the chance to host his own talk show, which he enthusiastically accepts. The final montage shows Brodie on his own show; Brandi and Quint get married at the Jaws spectacular in Florida; Tricia's book is a bestseller for over a year; Svenning and his assistant are shown doing television in prison; Jay and Silent Bob set out West with an orangutan (a lead-in for their adventures in Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back). 
 Charmed (19982006)Summaries Three sisters discover their destiny, to battle against the forces of evil, using their witchcraft. They are the Charmed Ones. The three Halliwell sisters discover that they are descendents of a line of female witches. Each has a special ability (stopping time, moving objects, seeing the future), and they can also combine their abilities into the "Power of Three" to fight demons, warlocks, and other evils. <crow_steve@hotmail.com> Three sisters Phoebe Piper and Prue find out that they are descendents from a witch. And every generation are witches. The Halliwell sisters. Although they are very special and are called the charmed one's. Everyday is a battle against evil warlocks, demons and dark lighters. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Secret of NIMH (1982)541) To save her ill son, a field mouse must seek the aid of a colony of rats, with whom she has a deeper link than she ever suspected. Mrs. Brisby, a widowed mouse, lives in a cinder block with her children on the Fitzgibbon farm. She is preparing to move her family out of the field they live in as plowing time approaches, however her son Timothy has fallen ill, and moving him could prove fatal. Mrs. Brisby visits The Great Owl, a wise creature who advises her to visit a mysterious group of rats who live beneath a rose bush on the farm. Upon visiting the rats, Brisby meets Nicodemus, the wise and mystical leader of the rats, and Justin, a friendly rat who immediately becomes attached to Mrs. Brisby. While there, she learns that her late husband, Mr. Jonathon Brisby, along with the rats, was a part of a series of experiments at a place known only as N.I.M.H. (revealed earlier in the story as the National Institute of Mental Health). The experiments performed on the mice and rats there boosted their intelligence, allowing them to read without being taught and to understand things such as complex mechanics and electricity. The rats and Mr. Brisby escaped from N.I.M.H. and came to live on the Fitzgibbon farm. The rats created a home for themselves under Mrs. Fitzgibbon's rose bush, creating an elaborate habitation of beautiful chambers, elevators, and Christmas lights. However, the rats are unhappy in their dependence on the humans, who they are stealing electricity from, and have concocted a plan to leave the farm and live independently. Because of her husband's prior relationship with the rats, they agree to help Mrs. Brisby move her home out of the path of the plow. However, the evil Jenner and his unwilling accomplice Sullivan, who wish to remain beneath the rose bush, yet plot to kill Nicodemus during the move. MIss Victoria It seems to Mrs. Brisby, the widowed head of a family of field mice, that her youngest son must die, either by the farmer's spring plough or of pneumonia in his flight to safety. In her quest for a cure she frees a young crow from some string in which he has foolishly tied himself, at the mercy of the farmer's cat Dragon. In return for her risking her life to save his, he takes her to the creature all birds know is the wisest: a great owl. Owls eat mice, but when this owl learns Mrs. Brisby's name he sets her on a path to earning a noble solution to her predicament - which is the secret of NIMH... Anonymous A fieldmouse named Mrs. Brisby must move her family to a safe location before the farmer plows the field where they live, but her invalid son Timmy cannot go outside due to his pneumonia. She enlists the aid of some highly intelligent, escaped lab rats that have built a subterranean society inside a rose bush near the farmer's garden. The rats, led by the wise Nicodemus, decide to help her physically move her house to repay a debt of gratitude to her late husband, who made possible the rats' escape from the laboratory. But things become complicated when some of the rats decide to use the situation to kill Nicodemus and make it appear to be accidental. Gibborino Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mrs. Brisby (Frisby in the original book) is a very shy, timid, and lonely mouse widow whose family is threatened by a premature warm spell, prompting the farmer to start his mowing early, endangering the cinder block she and her family call home. Normally she would simply pack up their things and move to a new spot in the field, but her younger son Timothy is too ill to be moved, forcing her to seek another alternative before it's too late. With the push of her local confidante, the Shrew, and the aid of a clumsy, love lorn crow named Jeremy, she goes to see the Great Owl, who, upon learning that she is the widow of a mouse named Jonathan Brisby, advises her to seek the aid of the mysterious rats who live in the rosebush outside the farmer's house. There, Mrs. Brisby learns of her deceased husband's past, and the secret of these rats, the Rats of NIMH, who agree to move her home before they abandon their underground colony for Thorn Valley, but Mrs. Brisby herself is endangered by the evil machinations of Jenner, a power hungry rat who seeks to overthrow the rats' leader Nicodemus so as to keep the rats in their underground colony, and will go so far as to endanger Mrs. Brisby's children to achieve his goals. Only Justin, the rats' gallant, Errol Flynn like captain of the guard, stands between Jenner and Mrs. Brisby, who must call upon the same courage her husband had if she is to save her family. ===================================================== Mrs Brisby is a widowed mouse who lives on a farm owned by a man named Fitzgibbons. She and her 4 children, Martin, Theresa, Cynthia and Timmy live in a cinderblock in one of Fitzgibbons' fields. Every year, before Fitzgibbons plows the field to plant his crops, the family moves to their summer home to avoid the tractor. Nearby is another mouse, Dr Ages, who is the family doctor. Brisby visits Ages to get a remedy for Timmy, who has come down with pneumonia, potentially delaying the summer move. Fitzgibbons decides one day to begin plowing the field early. Brisby desperately tries to disable the farmer's tractor and freezes while climbing up the mechanism. Auntie Shrew intervenes and pulls out the tractor's gas line, halting the machine. While Mrs Brisby sobs over her predicament, Auntie tells her to be braver for her family's sake and suggests she visit the Great Owl, the wisest creature in the forest. Brisby is hesitant, since owls eat mice, but she goes. With the help of a new found friend, Jeremy, a crow hoping to meet Miss Right, and whom Mrs Brisby untangled from a pile of string he was trapped in, she meets with the fearsome owl, who merely tells her that she must move her family. Mrs Brisby explains the complication with her son Timmy and the owl tells her he has no solution. As he leaves, he learns her last name and becomes more helpful because her husband, Jonathan, was well known and respected throughout the woods. The Owl tells Mrs Brisby to go to the colony of rats that live in the farmer's rose bush and ask them for help. He specifically tells her to have the rats move her house to "the lee of the stone", the protected side of a large rock in the field that Fitzgibbons avoids when plowing. Mrs Brisby sneaks into the rose bush and finds that the rats have built a very modern colony that makes use of electricity that they pilfer from Fitzgibbons. She also meets Dr Ages there, whom at first tells her the rose bush is off-limits but is astonished that she had met with the Great Owl and lived. They are discovered by the rats' captain of the guard, Justin, who takes them to the rats' Senate room. As they enter, a charismatic rat, Jenner, is railing to the council about the plan of the rats' leader, Nicodemus, who wants to abandon the rose bush and move to a location called Thorn Valley where they'll found a new colony based on their own labors, rather than stealing supplies from the farmer. Jenner is opposed to the idea and even suggest that they wage war against any humans who attempt to drive them out. Justin and Ages make Mrs Brisby's case to the council, who agree to the request because she is Jonathan Brisby's wife. In a sinister private meeting with his associate, Sullivan, Jenner plots to have Nicodemus killed during the operation and make it look accidental. Justin takes Mrs Brisby to meet with Nicodemus. A very old, kind and wise leader, he tells Mrs Brisby the rats' history: they were all lab animals imprisoned in NIMH, the National Institutes of Mental Health. Injected with experimental compounds, the rats developed intelligent brains and were able to escape their cages, along with several mice. During their escape, all but two of the mice, Jonathan and Mr Ages, were sucked into the ventilation system by strong air gusts. When the party were trapped by a vent grating, Jonathan was small enough to crawl through and open the grate. The rats subsequently owed Jonathan their lives and he continued to work with them while they built their colony. Some months prior to Mrs Brisby's visit to the rose bush, Jonathan had been killed by Fitzgibbons' ornery and fearsome cat, Dragon, whom the rats had been trying to drug. Nicodemus gives Brisby a large red amulet and tells her that it has great supernatural powers when someone shows true courage of the heart. Nicodemus says that the rats will be happy to repay their life debt to Jonathan's family and will move her home. For the operation to succeed, Dragon will have to be drugged. Mrs Brisby, feeling she should participate, volunteers to spike Dragon's feeding dish. The only way into Fitzgibbons' kitchen is through a small hole under a sideboard, a hole too small for any rat. The plan goes well until Mrs Brisby runs back and is trapped by Fitzgibbons' son. Justin leaves her, having to supervise the operation, promising to come back for her. While she's trapped in a bird cage, Brisby overhears Fitzgibbons on the phone with NIMH, who want to come to his farm and capture the rats. Brisby realizes the situation is now more desperate and escapes the bird cage by knocking out its small water cup. At the site of the Brisby home, the rats have constructed an elaborate system of ropes and blocks and tackles to lift the cinderblock. While the block is being swung towards the stone, Jenner cuts the anchoring lines with his sword and the block falls, narrowly missing Nicodemus, however, the heavy gears and rope fall on him, killing him. Jenner declares the operation a failure and suggests they leave when Mrs Brisby arrives. Justin tells her that her family is alive but Nicodemus is dead. She suddenly remembers her urgent news that NIMH will be at the farm tomorrow and tells the rats they must leave tonight. Jenner refuses to believe her and tells the rats that he will take over leadership of the colony. When Mrs Brisby insists she's telling the truth, Jenner strikes her and notices that she's wearing the amulet. Attempting to seize it from her, Justin intervenes and fights with Jenner until he wounds him. Jenner admits that he'd caused the accident that killed Nicodemus, saying that the plan to move the colony would fail. As he moves in to kill Justin, Sullivan kills Jenner with a thrown dagger and succumbs to his own wound, inflicted by Jenner himself when he'd given his own sword to Justin during the fight. Moments later, Mrs Brisby sees that her house has begun to sink into the mud, taking her children with it. A futile attempt to rig a new roping system fails and Brisby herself vainly pulls at the remaining ropes as the house sinks under the surface. Justin rescues her, holding her back. As she looks on in horror, the amulet suddenly bursts from the mud, brightly glowing, and places itself around her neck. Using the power that Nicodemus spoke of, she raises the house from the mud and moves it to the lee side of the stone. Brisby's children are safe and she faints from exhaustion. The next morning, with Timmy on the mend from his pneumonia and the now-abandoned rose bush being inspected by NIMH, Jeremy arrives with mounds of string that he'd been collecting to build a love nest and finds the Brisby home already moved and even camouflaged by the natural vegetation. He asks Brisby for the amulet, however, she'd given it to Justin before they'd left the rose bush. While he laments that he wasn't able to help move the house, a female crow suddenly flies into him. The two become immediately infatuated. While Brisby's daughter wraps her mother's hands which were burned by the amulet, Auntie Shrew arrives for a visit, bringing groans from Martin as Jeremy and his new love fly off. 