nm0005109:

 Bad Moms (2016)651) When three overworked and under-appreciated moms are pushed beyond their limits, they ditch their conventional responsibilities for a jolt of long overdue freedom, fun and comedic self-indulgence. Amy has a seemingly perfect life - a great marriage, over-achieving kids, a beautiful home and a career. However, she's overworked, over-committed and exhausted to the point that she's about to snap. Fed up, she joins forces with two other over-stressed moms on a quest to liberate themselves from conventional responsibilities - going on a wild, un-mom-like binge of long overdue freedom, fun and self-indulgence - putting them on a collision course with PTA Queen Bee Gwendolyn and her clique of devoted perfect moms. STX Entertainment.com Amy is a hard-working mom. Between caring for her two children, shuttling them to activities and having to pick up the slack for her lazy husband, she works at a company filled with millennials who have no work ethic or clue about her life. Even more unproductive is all the nonsense she has to endure just to be a "good mom". In particular, PTA meetings and other PTA functions. This leaves her no time for relaxation or just to be herself. One day she rebels against the system and decides to let go, ditching all the unnecessary bs in her life. This gains her some friends among the other moms - two in particular, Carla and Kiki - but pits her against the President of the PTA, Gwendolyn James, who is a nasty piece of work. grantss With her most important job being a mother, the underpaid and overworked Chicago coffee company representative, Amy Mitchell, is struggling to juggle work, parenting, a strained relationship with her husband, and two kids. On the go and always in a rush, the suburban mum will eventually snap at president Gwendolyn's PTA meeting, taking the decision of rebelling against an unfair system and the distressing expectations of a near-perfect motherhood. As a result, two new friends will become indispensable in Amy's life--the stressed-out moms, Kiki and Carla--who have also decided to embrace being "bad" moms and live a little, far away from rules and obligations. But with the diva Gwendolyn watching them like a hawk, will the girls make a stand against all forms of oppression? Nick Riganas Amy Mitchell (Mila Kunis) is a married woman in the Chicago suburbs with two children, Jane (Oona Laurence) and Dylan (Emjay Anthony), who feels overworked and over-committed. She works as a sales rep for a "hip" coffee company, prepares healthful, hand-packed lunches for her children, does most of their homework, goes to all of their extracurricular activities, and is active in her school's PTA, run by the domineering Gwendolyn James (Christina Applegate) and her cronies, Stacy (Jada Pinkett Smith) and Vicky (Annie Mumolo). When she catches her husband Mike (David Walton) cheating on her with a cam-girl, Amy kicks him out and attempts to keep everything together.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the Chicago suburbs, Amy Mitchell (Mila Kunis) is an overworked 30-year-old mother of two. Between caring for her kids Dylan (Emjay Anthony) and Jane (Oona Laurence), doing her job, going to PTA meetings, and just handling a bunch of things all at once, she barely has time for herself and is rarely rewarded with gratitude. The PTA is run by "perfect mom" Gwendolyn James (Christina Applegate), who is always followed by her two lackeys Stacy (Jada Pinkett-Smith) and Vicky (Annie Mumolo). Gwendolyn is always getting Amy to go to PTA meetings even though they are ridiculous. Gwendolyn is clearly overbearing and mentally crazy as she verbally pushes around Stacy and Vicky as well as talks degrading things about the other ladies who drop off their children at the school behind their backs. Amy's job is mostly part-time at a coffee company, and her boss Dale (Clark Duke) is an idiot, while her other co-workers are lazy millenials. During dinner, Jane freaks out about the postings for the soccer team that night, which in turn makes Amy freak out. The two go online and see that Jane made the team, and they get excited. Moments later, Amy walks into her man-child husband Mike's (David Walton) office to find him jerking off. She thinks it's porn and doesn't care at first until the naked woman named Sharon (Leah McKendrick) on-screen turns out to be someone on a webcam. When Amy asks how long this has been going on, Sharon says about ten months, and Mike admits he developed feelings for the woman. Amy kicks Mike out of the house. The next day, the family's dog Roscoe isn't feeling well, so Amy has to take him with her as she drops the kids off at school. Gwendolyn startles her, making her spill coffee on herself. She asks Amy to attend a PTA meeting that afternoon regarding a bake sale. Amy heads off to the vet and is told she has to carry the dog all day since he has vertigo. This makes Amy miss an important meeting at work. She is then late to pick up Dylan and Jane from school, and Jane is late for her first day of soccer practice. They head over, and Amy accidentally hits a bus, knocking off her side mirror. As Amy tries to explain herself to the coach, a kid slides down the field and knocks Amy down. That evening, the disheveled Amy begrudgingly attends the PTA meeting with the other moms. Gwendolyn restricts the moms from bringing anything to the bake sale that contains basically any ingredient used in a baked good. When she assigns Amy the job of weeding out the bad ingredients, Amy puts her foot down and states what a hectic day she's had, and how she is tired of all the nonsense, so she quits the PTA. Later, Amy goes to a bar and meets two other moms, stay-at-home Kiki (Kristen Bell) and always-horny and irresponsible Carla (Kathryn Hahn). They both praise Amy for saying what they've always been too afraid to say. The three of them have drinks and discuss the hardships of motherhood. They decide that instead of being role model moms, they want to be "bad moms" that do whatever the hell they want to do. They start by going to the supermarket and making a mess by eating whatever they want and making a chocolate milk martini. The next morning, Amy wakes up disheveled and doesn't bother to make the kids breakfast. She takes them to school in Mike's red sports car and then has a nice quiet breakfast by herself like she's fantasized, blowing off work. When Dale calls her on speakerphone, she lets her co-workers know what a crappy boss he is. Amy meets up with Kiki and Carla to go to the movies. They get food afterwards, where Kiki's husband Kent (Lyle Brocato) appears and essentially makes her ditch her friends and return home to watch their four kids, which puts off Amy and Carla. The school holds its bake sale, and Amy just brings store-bought doughnut holes. She's approached by the handsome widowed father Jessie (Jay Hernandez), who shows interest in Amy. Gwendolyn comes over and smacks the box off the table, threatening to bring Amy down for messing with her organized bake sale. She storms off and knocks another mom's cupcakes over. Another day later, Amy is taking Jane to a Mandarin class, but since she doesn't like it, Amy instead treats Jane to a spa day at the place where Carla works since she could sneak them in. Amy accidentally lets it slip that she and Mike are splitting up, which upsets Jane, but Amy tries to comfort her. That night, Amy decides she wants to get laid since she's only ever had sex with Mike, and that hasn't been in years. Kiki and Carla pick out a sexy dress for Amy while also making fun of her "mom bra". The ladies go out to a bar, but every guy that Amy comes across gets put off by her acting too much like a mom and talking about being a mom. Jessie and his buddies show up, leaving him and Amy to sit and talk together. Jessie talks about how he's noticed what a good job Amy does with her kids, leading to them making out. Meanwhile, Gwendolyn forces the soccer coach to bench Jane to get back at Amy. When Amy finds out it was Gwendolyn, she confronts her and challenges her to become the new head of the PTA. With Kiki and Carla's help, they spread word to the other moms about Amy running for the position. One day, Dylan complains to Amy about her not finishing his school project for him and for not making breakfast anymore. She tells him that he's become entitled and that he'll grow up to be rotten if he keeps it up, so he can be influenced to change. Amy, Kiki, and Carla hold a party at Amy's house for the moms to get them to vote for her. Only one mom shows up, and that's just because Carla threatened to bang her husband. The other moms are at Gwendolyn's posh party since she hired Martha Stewart. However, Gwendolyn bores the other moms by suggesting they have year-round school. The mom at Amy's party texts the other moms, and everyone leaves to go to her house. They end up having way more fun, and Martha even heads over with jello shots. Every woman there drinks, goofs off, and acts crazy. Carla gets so drunk that she makes out with a few single mothers. Gwendolyn, Stacy, and Vicky go over to Amy's house to watch her give a speech on doing less instead of overworking themselves and their kids. The moms cheer for Amy, but Gwendolyn decides it's time to fight back. She and her cohorts sneak into the school at night and slip something into a locker. After the party, Jessie shows up to Amy's house after getting a "disturbing" text message written by Carla. The two end up having sex. The next day, Amy gets a surprise when Mike returns home and claims that he wants to work things out. She wants him to go to therapy with her, which he dreads. The two end up going and meeting with Dr. Karl (Wanda Sykes). When she makes Amy and Mike role-play as each other, their true feelings come out, in which Mike says Amy is a perfectionist and Amy says that Mike is immature and good for nothing, and the two of them just aren't in love anymore. Dr. Karl realizes their marriage can't be fixed and suggests they divorce immediately. The two leave, but they apologize to each other and part on better terms. Amy gets a phone call from Principal Burr (Wendell Pierce), who asks her to go to the school. A bag of joints was found in Jane's locker, and Burr was apparently tipped off by a concerned parent. Amy knows it was Gwendolyn, but Burr still kicks Jane off the soccer team and suspends her from school. Jane runs out in tears, and Amy follows. Jane tells her that she's become selfish and has neglected her parental duties in favor of hanging out with her new friends. Jane and Dylan (and the dog) end up staying with Mike for a little bit. To top it all off, Amy gets fired for not showing up to work lately. This leaves Amy alone and despaired. The night of the PTA elections arrives. Gwendolyn gives a long speech, leaving Kiki and Carla to go to Amy's house, where she is miserably watching a movie. The two inspire her to get up on her feet and get back at Gwendolyn for hurting Jane. They drive off to the school in a wild ride in Mike's sports car. During the hectic drive, Kiki gets a call from Kent, who is left alone with the kids. He demands that she come home, but she finally stands up for herself and tells him it's his turn to deal with the kids. Amy and Carla are very proud. The ladies arrive just as it's Amy's turn to give a speech. She is unprepared, but she goes up to give an improvised speech. Amy admits that she is not a perfect mom, and that being a mom in this day and age is impossible. The other moms relate and applaud her honesty. It inspires other moms to stand up and express their true sentiments over their day-to-day responsibilities. The moms all cheer for Amy, while Gwendolyn leaves, knowing she is defeated. Amy wins the election and celebrates with her friends. She then sees Gwendolyn crying in her car. Amy approaches her and talks to her. Gwendolyn admits that her life is anything but perfect, and how it's taken a huge toll on her. Gwendolyn claims that her husband was arrested a few weeks earlier for embezzlement, and her cousin has joined ISIS in the Middle East, and her three children hate her for her perfectionism. She apologizes to Amy for what she did to Jane, and Amy forgives her. Another few days later, the kids return to Amy's house. Jane is back on the soccer team, and she thanks her mom and apologizes for acting out on her. Dylan surprises Amy by making her a frittata for breakfast. Amy drives the kids to school and gets a call from Dale, who begs her to come back to work since the place is falling apart without her. Amy agrees to come back on the condition that she gets paid double and that her work schedule becomes more flexible. Amy drops the kids off and meets with Kiki and Carla. As they decide on what they should do that day, Gwendolyn pulls up in her car and invites the ladies to join her. They decide to take Gwendolyn's husband's private jet to wherever they want to go. During the end credits, we see the main cast of Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell, Kathryn Hahn, Christina Applegate, Jada Pinkett-Smith, and Annie Mumolo with their real-life mothers all discussing their lives as mothers and daughters back then and today, and how much they all love each other. 
 Jupiter Ascending (2015)431) A young woman discovers her destiny as an heiress of intergalactic nobility and must fight to protect the inhabitants of Earth from an ancient and destructive industry. Jupiter Jones was born under a night sky, with signs predicting that she was destined for great things. Now grown, Jupiter dreams of the stars but wakes up to the cold reality of a job cleaning other people's houses and an endless run of bad breaks. Only when Caine Wise, a genetically engineered ex-military hunter, arrives on Earth to track her down does Jupiter begin to glimpse the fate that has been waiting for her all along - her genetic signature marks her as next in line for an extraordinary inheritance that could alter the balance of the cosmos. Production Earth's residents are unaware that the human species on Earth and countless other planets were established by families of alien royalty for the purpose of harvesting the resulting organisms to produce a type of youth serum for the elites on other planets. After the death of the matriarch of the House of Abrasax, the most powerful of the alien dynasties, her three children Balem, Kalique and Titus are fighting over the primary heir. Jupiter Jones, an unlucky caretaker of other people's houses, is identified as the genetic match of the murdered alien matriarch who used to rule Earth. Genetically engineered ex-military hunter Caine Wise shows up to protect her from alien assassins and take her to outer space, where the heirs of the Abrasax Dynasty are plotting against her. Warner Bros. Pictures Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, Jupiter Jones (Mila Kunis) begins by talking about her parents. Her father is named Maximilian Jones (James D'Arcy) and is the son of an English diplomat. Maximilian met and fell in love with a woman named Aleksa (Maria Doyle Kennedy). They watch the stars together through his telescope. Later on, the two are expecting their child, which Maximilian wants to name Jupiter. Aleksa isn't too fond of the name. Four robbers break into the couple's home, and Maximilian gets shot trying to prevent the men from taking his prized possession, his brass telescope. He dies in Aleksa's arms. Later on, Aleksa gives birth to Jupiter as she and her family are on a freighter heading to America. In the present time, the adult Jupiter works as a maid cleaning houses and living in Chicago with her extended family. Jupiter hates her job and life, yet she is not very ambitious or eager to do anything else about this. Three intergalactic bounty hunters - Falque (Spencer Wielding), Razo (Doona Bae) and Ibis (David Ajala) - are scoping out a women's health clinic where Jupiter plans to sell her eggs using the name of her friend, Katharine Dunlevy (Vanessa Kirby), when they spot a man named Caine Wise (Channing Tatum) near the area. They realize that he is after Jupiter as well, and they go after him. Caine realizes he is being stalked, and he emerges from the building with his hover boots, defending himself with his shield and shooting back at the bounty hunters as they attack him. He flees the scene unharmed. Jupiter has dinner with her family and asks her uncle Vassily (Jeremy Swift) for money. He refuses to give her money and makes a rude remark that Jupiter is too smart for her own good and that's why she is unable to find a husband. Aleksa defends her daughter angrily, though the rest of the family seems to agree with Vassily. Later, Jupiter is looking at a brass telescope on eBay. Her cousin Vladie (Kick Gurry) comes in and suggests she go to the fertility clinic and donate her eggs for some money. Jupiter agrees. In deep space, the Abrasax siblings learn of Jupiter's existence. Their mother has died, and they now seek to inherit the earth as their own. Balem (Eddie Redmayne) awakens from a slumber after going through a successful planetary harvest. His brother Titus (Douglas Booth) is cavorting with other women in his lavish castle, while his aide Famulus (Gugu Mbatha-Raw) informs him that Caine, who has been sent by Titus, has located Jupiter. Their sister Kalique (Tuppence Middleton) also has concerns over the inheritance of the earth. At the apartment, Katharine is getting ready to go out. A group of alien creatures called Keepers appear in the apartment and incapacitate Katharine. Jupiter takes a picture of them with her phone, and they lunge at her. Moments later, Katharine wakes up, and neither her nor Jupiter seem to know what just happened. Jupiter goes to the clinic under Katharine's name, which Balem is informed of. He orders his people to find Jupiter and kill her. The doctors put her on the bed and then levitate her. They probe her and know Jupiter's identity, and they attempt to kill her. Caine bursts in and kills the doctors as they reveal their Keeper form. He gets Jupiter out of there. Jupiter finds herself atop the Willis Tower. Caine explains to her that he is a genetically-engineered being made up of a splice between a human and a wolf. Jupiter asks why she was almost just killed, and Caine tells her that she is the rightful owner of the planet. He claims that human life began not on Earth but on another planet called Orus. Jupiter also has no memory of the Keepers finding her and her taking a picture of them, which Caine explains as them erasing her memory. They are beamed up by a spaceship hovering over them, when the bounty hunters show up and destroy the ship. Caine carries Jupiter as they fly over the city with his hover boots as the bounty hunters chase after them. Jupiter falls in the attack, but Caine catches her before she hits the ground. Caine hijacks a small ship and escapes with Jupiter. Caine and Jupiter drive away from the city, where Caine continues to explain the history of the Abrasax family. They have been splicing humans with other animals for ages, and are responsible for events such as the extinction of the dinosaurs. The two drive up to the home of Caine's former comrade Stinger Apini (Sean Bean), who is spliced with a bee. Stinger lives with his ailing daughter. He and Caine were once skyjackers, but were dismissed following an incident, and now Stinger resents Caine. The two fight for a little, when a swarm of bees appears. The bees surround Jupiter, but they never sting her. She moves her arms around them, and they fly around her. Stinger realizes who she is, and starts to refer to Jupiter as, "Your Majesty". Caine tries to contact the Aegis (space cops) to help them. The bounty hunters and a few Keepers come up across Stinger's home. They chase after him, Caine, and Jupiter through the field outside his home. Falque corners Jupiter and nearly kills her, but Razo shoots him in the back and kills him first. They capture Jupiter and ascend on their ship. Caine manages to latch onto the ship as she leaves Earth. Razo and Ibis bring Jupiter to the home of Kalique. She is friendly toward Jupiter and tells her that she is something of a genetic incarnation of Kalique's mother. She shows Jupiter a statue of her mother that looks exactly like Jupiter. Kalique says she is 14,000 years old, and her mother was 90,000 when she was murdered. Kalique walks into a bath and sheds her older image to a more youthful appearance. Stinger then shows up with the Aegis, led by Captain Diomika Tsing (Nikki Amuka-Bird). They order Kalique to hand over Jupiter to them. In order for Jupiter to properly stake her claim on Earth, she is forced to go to Orus and go through a process for registration. She goes through several windows with an android lawyer until she is printed with a tattoo on her wrist and officially allowed to claim ownership of Earth. In the meantime, Jupiter attempts to sort of flirt with Caine. He thinks he isn't good for her and compares himself to a dog, even though Jupiter claims to love dogs. Titus and his people take in Jupiter and apprehend Caine as Stinger hands them over to him in exchange for currency to help his ailing daughter. Titus and Jupiter have dinner together. Titus deduces that Jupiter has fallen in love with Caine, yet he still proposes to her. Afterwards, he shows Jupiter a room filled with thousands of vials that contain youth serums made from harvesting hundreds of dead humans. Jupiter is horrified by this realization. Caine is imprisoned and placed in a chamber by Titus and his people. He plans to kill Jupiter after marrying her so that he can get his claim to Earth. Caine is expelled into space with his hands cuffed behind him. He uses his hover boots to burn the handcuffs off and grab a floating pack that contains a spacesuit that automatically forms itself around Caine's body and saves him from suffocation. He only has 40 minutes of oxygen, but the Aegis emerge from hyperspace and rescue him. The wedding is about to take place. Titus has his ring printed on his finger during the ceremony. Jupiter nearly has hers printed on when Caine comes crashing in on a ship into the cathedral. He comes up to the platform where Jupiter and Titus are and informs Jupiter that Titus plans to kill her. They hold Titus at gunpoint, but Jupiter only wants to go home. Meanwhile, Balem is informed that Jupiter is still alive. His lizard-rat hybrid henchman Sargorn (Neil Fingleton) is sent to Earth with his team of lizard-rat men to break into the home of Jupiter's family and capture them. Jupiter goes home and realizes this, forcing her to return to deep space and save her family. Jupiter arrives at a mining facility on the planet where Balem resides. The Aegis are close behind her but are unable to enter because the planet is protected by a shield. Jupiter is brought before Balem, who shows her the family in the floor beneath them as they are floating and sleeping in stasis, while the henchmen get ready to splice into them. Using a special contract, Balem orders Jupiter to sign over her rights to rule over Earth if she wants her family to live. Realizing that either way, she and her family would die since Balem would harvest them on Earth, she refuses and smashes the contract. With the help of Stinger, Caine breaches the planet's shield. Tsing informs him his mission could get him killed, but she adds that he is tremendously courageous. Caine breaks into Balem's facility and kills the lizard-rat people to save Jupiter's family. He pulls Jupiter out with a device that opens a hole beneath her to get her away from Balem. Outside, the facility starts to destabilize and collapse. Caine fights Sargorn while Balem tries to kill Jupiter himself. Caine kills Sargorn by pushing him into the hole he made and removing the device to close the hole around Sargorn's neck, crushing it. Jupiter's family is taken to safety while Jupiter fights back against Balem. Balem believes Jupiter is his mother reincarnated, and he admits that he murdered his mother, claiming that she told him she hated her life and wanted him to kill her. Jupiter shoots Balem once in the leg and whacks him across the face with a bar. The platform beneath them breaks slightly. Balem is unable to hold on and he plummets to his death. Jupiter falls but is rescued by Caine. With the help of the Aegis, everyone is able to escape the crumbling facility and get out safely. Jupiter and her family are taken back home, with their memories erased of their capture or any interaction with evil lizard-rat people. Jupiter continues to go about her work and has made breakfast and coffee for her family. They surprise her by bringing out the brass telescope she wanted. She then tells the family that she has a date. They all press her with questions like "Is he Russian?" Jupiter joins Caine on the roof of another building. He has his wings restored to his back after his heroic deeds, and she has gotten hover boots of her own. Jupiter decides not to tell her family that she basically owns Earth. The two of them kiss and take flight over the city. 
 Black Swan (2010)651) A committed dancer struggles to maintain her sanity after winning the lead role in a production of Tchaikovsky's "Swan Lake". Nina (Portman) is a ballerina in a New York City ballet company whose life, like all those in her profession, is completely consumed with dance. She lives with her obsessive former ballerina mother Erica (Hershey) who exerts a suffocating control over her. When artistic director Thomas Leroy (Cassel) decides to replace prima ballerina Beth MacIntyre (Ryder) for the opening production of their new season, Swan Lake, Nina is his first choice. But Nina has competition: a new dancer, Lily (Kunis), who impresses Leroy as well. Swan Lake requires a dancer who can play both the White Swan with innocence and grace, and the Black Swan, who represents guile and sensuality. Nina fits the White Swan role perfectly but Lily is the personification of the Black Swan. As the two young dancers expand their rivalry into a twisted friendship, Nina begins to get more in touch with her dark side - a recklessness that threatens to destroy her. Fox Searchlight Pictures Thomas Leroy, the artistic director of a New York City ballet company, is mounting Swan Lake as the company's next production. Many of the ballerinas in the company aspire for the lead, which would have previously gone to the company's former principle dancer Beth Macintyre before her forced retirement. No one wants the the role more than Nina Sayers, who lives to dance, so much so that she wants to be exactly like Beth in every aspect. Nina lives with her overbearing mother, Erica Sayers, a former ballerina who now lives vicariously through her daughter as she never made it as a ballerina herself. Nina is a technically proficient and hard working dancer who can easily capture the essence of the innocent white swan, but Thomas doesn't believe she has the dark passion required to portray the black swan. An unexpected move by Nina convinces Thomas that Nina may have what it takes, and he gives her the lead. Thomas will do anything to get that passion out of her. Nina feels that her new place in the company is threatened by Lily, a ballerina newly arrived into the company from San Francisco. Lily, who is looser in every aspect of her life than Nina, encompasses the essence of the black swan more so than Nina. But as Nina believes Lily is to her what she herself was to Beth, Nina, in doing whatever it takes to be perfect as both the white swan and the black swan, descends into madness. Huggo Nina Sayers is a dancers with a New York City ballet company. She is dedicated to her art and her craft but lacks confidence. She is also pressed on by her domineering mother, also a ballerina in her youth, who gave up dancing when she got pregnant with Nina. Nina seems to achieve her goal when the company's artistic director Thomas Leroy selects her as the lead in their new production of Swan Lake. Leroy is honest however in telling her that while he has no doubt she can handle the role of the white swan, he's not sure she can handle the role of the black swan. Adding to her self-doubts is the arrival of a new dancer, Lily, who seems ideally suited to playing the black swan. To succeed, Nina will will have to transform herself into something she has never been. garykmcd Consumed by an undisciplined desire for perfection that's gnawing at her, the beautiful, fragile, and devoted ballerina, Nina Sayers, has laboured for years at a prestigious New York City ballet company. After forcing his former protg, Beth MacIntyre, into an early retirement, the autocratic artistic director, Thomas Leroy, decides to give Nina the leading role of the Swan Queen in his bold re-imagining of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky 's eternal love story, The Swan Lake--a demanding dual role consisted of two contrasting characters: the White and the Black Swan. Now, more and more--in the face of fierce competition in the shape of the newcomer corps-de-ballet dancer, Lily--the virginal prima ballerina finds herself entangled in a world of incessant rivalry, unbounded jealousy, and grotesque hallucinations, as Nina struggles to delve deeper and deeper into her well-hidden dark side. The passionate Black Swan demands transcendence. What is the price of excellence? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens as Nina Sayers (Natalie Portman), a young ballerina in her mid twenties, is dancing the prologue to Swan Lake. Swan Lake is a ballet in which a princess is turned into the White Swan and can only be turned back if a man swears eternal fidelity to her. In the ballet, she is betrayed by the Black Swan, the evil magician's daughter whom the magician has transformed to look exactly like the princess in order to trick the prince who has fallen in love with her. In the end, the princess commits suicide because the Prince's infidelity has doomed her to remain a swan forever. As Nina dances in the role of the Princess, the magician appears and places the curse on the Princess. Nina then wakes up in her apartment, the dance sequence having been a dream. She begins her daily ballet stretching; telling her mother about her dream as her mother unintentionally ignores her. Nina mentions that the director, Thomas Leroy (pronounced Tomahs; the name is French), of her ballet company has promised to feature her more this season and her mother agrees that she's been there long enough. Nina goes to the ballet studio only to learn that Beth (Winona Ryder), the lead principal dancer, is being put out to pasture due to her age as she is over 40. As a result, Thomas (Vincent Cassel) is looking for a new face to be the lead. Thomas announces to the company that the first performance of the season will be a reworking of Swan Lake. He casually walks among the dancers as they're practising nonchalantly, tapping several girls on the shoulder as he talks. He then tells those he tapped to attend their regular rehearsals; those he didn't tap are to meet with him later in the principal studio. Nina sees Beth having an emotional meltdown in her private dressing room, throwing things and breaking the full length mirror. After Beth leaves, Nina decides to take a peek inside. She sits down in Beth's chair and stares at herself in a mirror surrounded by globe lights. She begins to go through Beth's things and stashes several items in her pocket, specifically perfume, diamond earrings, a nail file and tube of lipstick. She sneaks out of Beth's dressing room. Later, in the principal studio, auditions are being held to find Beth's replacement as the Swan Princess. Nina dances the White Swan impeccably, and then Thomas tells Nina to dance as the Black Swan. As Nina begins the dance her audition is interrupted by the late arrival of new dancer, Lily (Mila Kunis). Already fearing imperfection and disappointing Thomas, she loses focus as Lily noisily closes the door and stops. Despite her flawless performance as the White Swan, Thomas is not impressed by Nina's performance, stating she failed to capture the sensuality of the Black Swan. Nina goes home to her mother and bursts into tears and practices her dance moves until she cracks her big toe nail. Later, when her mother tucks her in, Nina tells her she can go to Thomas the next day and tell him she finished the Black Swan dance, but her mother tells her there is no need to lie and Nina nods in defeated agreement. The next day, Nina visits Thomas in his office and tells him she finished the Black Swan dance at home and wants the role. He tells her that he's decided to give it to another dancer, Veronica (Ksenia Soto). She says 'okay' and begins to leave but he slams the door and asks her why she's giving up. He grabs her face and kisses her passionately. Angered by this unwanted advance, Nina bites him on the lip and runs out of his office which both shocks and impresses Thomas. The girls begin running down the hall to find out who has been chosen as the new Swan Queen. Feeling certain she didn't get the role, Nina congratulates Veronica for getting it. The girl runs to see the posting but walks back to Nina and berates her for the cruel joke before walking off down the hall. Stunned and confused, Nina goes to look at the posting. As she approaches, several girls gather around her shouting congratulations at her. Overjoyed, and nauseous, she runs to the bathroom where she calls her mother from one of the stalls and tells her that she won the part. When she leaves the stall she sees the word "whore" written on the mirror in red lipstick and frantically struggles to wipe it off. When Nina gets home, her mother has ordered her a beautiful pink and white frosted cake -- strawberries and cream, their favorite from the local bakery -- that she presents to Nina when she walks in the door to celebrate Nina acquiring the role in the ballet. Her mother starts to cut her a slice but Nina refuses, telling her she can't eat something like that and when her mother gives her a look, Nina continues, saying that her stomach is still in knots. Becoming angry, her mother begins to throw the cake out which leaves Nina feeling guilty. She accepts a slice and takes a small bite. Over the next several days, the stress of the role and her inability to perform get to Nina. She begins seeing a darker version of herself in random passers-by. Thomas holds a gala to officially announce Beth's "retirement" and Nina's rise as the Swan Queen. Nina goes to the bathroom and on her way out encounters Lily coming in. In front of Nina, Lily takes off her panties and puts them in her purse, then sits down on vanity. She congratulates Nina on her role, but Nina is uncomfortable and attempts to excuse herself. Lily playfully asks her to stay, but Nina leaves. As Nina and Thomas leave the party, Thomas is briefly called back inside. Intoxicated, with her eyes dripping with black mascara from crying, Beth confronts Nina and asks her if she had to suck Thomas' cock to get the role. Nina is offended, and tells Beth that not everyone has to. Beth continues to rant until Thomas appears and diffuses the situation, soothing Beth by calling her "My little princess." Beth shouts after them as Thomas leads Nina out. He takes Nina back to his place. When they sit on the couch, he brusquely asks her if she she's a virgin. She looks away and smiles uncomfortably. He asks if she likes making love and when she won't answer, he gives her a homework assignment: she must touch herself and find her sexuality so that she may better inhabit the role. Later, when Nina's mother is helping her dress for bed she sees scratches on Nina's back, and asks what they are from. Nina says they're nothing but a rash and her mother becomes angry and hints that Nina hasn't scratched herself like this since she was younger, and she thought Nina was over this. Nina tries to brush her off but her mother grabs her hand and takes her to the bathroom to cut her fingernails with scissors. She accidentally cuts Nina's finger and apologizes profusely but continues to trim Nina's nails. Nina wakes up the next morning and begins touching herself as Thomas asked. When she becomes aroused, she goes faster and turns over. As she gets closer, she turns her head to the left and is startled to realize her mother is asleep in the chair next to her bed. The next day the company is practising and a girl runs in, crying hysterically. She runs to the teacher who comforts her and asks what happened. She says Beth is in the hospital after an accident when she got hit by a passing car. Later, Nina is sitting at the edge of a fountain with Thomas and he tells her he believes that Beth threw herself into oncoming traffic. She visits Beth in the hospital where she finds her room filled with beautiful flowers and cards wishing her a quick recovery. As Beth lays comatose in the bed, Nina lifts up the sheet draped over Beth and sees metal bars sticking out of her leg and a huge, infected gash on her calf. Horrified, she quickly turns to leave and bumps into Beth's nurse (Leslie Lyles) who asks what she is doing there. She goes to practice and still cannot get the passion of the Black Swan into her performance. Suddenly the lights go out and Thomas calls for someone to turn them back on, that there are still people rehearsing. The lights come back on, but a clearly disappointed Thomas sends the other dancers home and steps in to dance as Nina's partner. As they dance together, he slowly moves his hands under her thighs and begins touching her. After a deep kiss, he lets go of her and walks away, calling over his shoulder that he just seduced her and that it should be her doing the seducing with her dancing. Nina calls after, pleading, but he does not turn back. Nina, feeling defeated in her attempt to be perfect, sits alone and cries in the studio. Lily arrives, sees Nina crying, and lights a cigarette as she walks up. Lily chats casually, implying that Thomas has a tendency of sleeping with the troupe and Nina tries to defend him. Lily realizes that Nina has a crush on Thomas and jokes about it. Infuriated by such a thought, Nina gets upset and leaves. The next day, Thomas angrily asks Nina if she needs time off after a comment from Lily that he should take it easy on her. He says she has no business whining and she fervently defends herself saying she didn't. Angered, Nina tracks Lily down in the troupe dressing room where she is greeted with banter from the other dancers who say that "the queen" is gracing them with her presence on their turf. Lily tells them to shut up and gets up to talk to Nina. Nina berates Lily for telling Thomas that she'd been crying. Lily looks abashed and says she was just trying to help. Nina tells her she doesn't need the help and Lily walks away irritated. That night, Nina and her mother are working on Nina's toe shoes. Erica (Nina's mother) is making small talk that sounds condescending to Nina so she starts answering with slight hostility without looking up at Erica. Her mother asks Nina if she's been scratching and Nina unintentionally pauses just long enough for Erica to not believe Nina when she says "no". Erica tells her to take off her shirt and Nina refuses so Erica stands over Nina and demands it but Nina says no in a biting tone. Before Erica can get her confirmation there is a knock at the door. She answers the door and talks quickly to someone before closing it again. Nina asks who it was but Erica says it was no one, so Nina demands to know again and when Erica still won't tell her she runs to the door and opens it. She sees Lily waiting for the elevator. Nina walks out into the hallway and asks Lily how she knew where she lived and Lily responds with sarcasm. But Nina looks angry so Lily laughingly says she asked Thomas' secretary. Erica opens the door and says Nina needs to come in and rest. Nina tells her to shut the door, which Erica slams. Lily invites her out and Nina says she can't, but after Erica opens the door and tells her once more and tells Nina to come back inside and also asks Lily to leave, Nina pushes the door open to grab her stuff and leaves with Lily, despite her mother's protests shouted down the hall that it's the night before a long day of work and she should stay home. Nina and Lily go out to a local bar for drinks and some food, but Nina is so uptight that Lily offers her a pill to relax, saying it would only last a few hours. Nina turns it down. She goes to the bathroom and returns to see Lily slip the content of the pill into a drink, as she flirts with two guys she is calling Tom (Toby Hemingway) and "Jerry" though he tells her his real name is Andrew. Nina is reassured by Lily that the pills will only last a few hours and downs her glass. The two have a crazy, drugged night of clubbing with two guys. When Nina is next lucid, she finds herself hooking up with a man in a bathroom. She quickly leaves to find a cab and Lily runs to catch up with her. They take the taxi back to Nina's apartment and Lily comes onto Nina and begins gently rubbing Nina's crotch until Nina stops her and just holds Lily's hand. When they get back to the apartment, Nina's mother is waiting for them and asks Nina what she was doing out late. Nina is drunk and somewhat belligerent but finally says, "I was with two guys named Tom and Jerry and I fucked them both," and laughs. Nina's mother is horrified and slaps her across the face. Nina grabs Lily and runs into her room, barricading the door with a wood cleat, yelling at her mother to leave her alone. She turns around and looks at Lily, then walks to her and starts passionately kissing her. They move to the bed where Lily and Nina undress each other to their underwear where Lily then rips Nina's panties off. Lily begins to orally pleasure Nina and she briefly sees Lily morph into herself and then back to Lily, which scares her. Lily doesn't stop and the two continue to have sex, with Lily performing cunnilingus on Nina who eventually climaxes. Lily says, "Sweet girl" before morphing back into dark Nina, who raises a pillow to smother her. Nina wakes up the next morning with a hangover-like headache to find Lily gone and realizes she is late for rehearsal. As her mother sits quietly in the living room, Nina yells at her and asks why she didn't wake her up. Erica says this role is destroying her and as Nina rushes out the door, she tells Erica that she is moving out. When Nina arrives at the ballet studio, she finds Lily in her costume, practicing her routine with the rest of the troupe. When Lily walks up to Nina, she says she was only filling in because Thomas had asked her to. Nina then questions Lily about why she left her house the night before, and Lily claims she went home to her place with Tom where they spent the night, and that last time she saw Nina was at the club. When Nina brings up what happened in her bedroom, Lily is flattered that Nina had a lesbian wet dream about her. She playfully asks Nina if she was any good but Nina gets embarrassed and leaves, looking uncomfortable and frustrated, wondering if her lovemaking with Lily had really happened or not. A little later, Nina is being fitted for her Swan costume. When she's done, Lily walks in and says Thomas made Lily Nina's alternate. Enraged and afraid, Nina finds Thomas and begs him not to make Lily her alternate, convinced that Lily is trying to steal the role from her. As Nina begins to cry, Thomas soothes her before telling her she is being paranoid. He tells her that the only person trying to sabotage Nina is "Nina". That night, Nina is practising when the piano player suddenly stops playing and gets up to leave, telling Nina he has a life. He tells her not to practice too long and leaves her alone in the studio. As she begins dancing again the lights shut off just as they had when shed been practising with Thomas. She calls out for someone to turn the lights back on, and sees a cloaked figure darting around in the shadows (the Sorcerer from the dream). She hears laughter and follows the noise to find Thomas having sex with Lily (which morphs into Nina) on a work table behind a curtain. Lily smiles at Thomas and laughs. This brings tears to Nina's eyes and she runs back to her dressing room where she grabs the items she took from Beth when the room was still hers. In a fit of hysteria, Nina goes to the hospital to find Beth sitting motionless in a wheelchair, now a mere shadow of the woman she used to be. Nina quietly places a note and the items she stole on the table next to Beth, when Beth suddenly stirs and grabs Nina's arm. Beth is angry and asks what Nina is doing, then she looks down and sees the items on the table. She asks Nina in an amused but irritated voice why she stole from her. Nina says she just wanted to be perfect like Beth. As Beth looks at the items, she says she's nothing and then notices the nail file. She continues to say she's nothing as she suddenly stabs herself in the face with the file repeatedly. Nina finally grabs the nail file from Beth's hand and runs fearfully from the room to the elevator. As she gets in the elevator, she drops the bloody nail file. Nina returns home, dashing hysterically into the kitchen to wash her hands which are covered in Beth's blood. When she turns the kitchen light off, she hears someone whisper "sweet girl", at which she turns the light back on to see Beth standing there with her face covered in blood. She runs to the bathroom and vomits into the toilet. She then calls down the hall for her mother, walking toward her mother's art studio, hearing voices coming from the studio. As she peers in, she imagines her mother's paintings moving and talking to her. She runs in and starts tearing everything down, and imagines Beth coming towards her with a bloody face, until her mother walks in and, astonished, asks Nina what she's doing. Nina runs past her mother to her bedroom, with Erica close behind. As she tries to reach Nina, Nina slams the door on her hand, breaking it. Nina barricades herself inside with the pipe again. As Nina stands there, her skin begins to shift and take on a bird like texture, her eyes start to turn red, and her knee joints violently invert to the same shape as a bird. The hallucination disorients Nina and she falls and hits her head on a bed post which knocks her out. Nina wakes up the next day as in a normal day, but with socks rubber-banded on her hands and a headache. She looks to her mother, who is sitting next to the bed with a bandage on her hand. Nina asks her mother why her hands are covered and Erica says it is to prevent scratching, that she'd been doing it all night. Nina suddenly realizes it must be late and says she needs to get to the ballet company because its opening day. Her mother says she called and let them know Nina wasn't feeling well and wouldn't be able to perform that night. Nina is furious and gets out of bed. She goes for the door but her mother has locked the door and removed the door knob. Nina turns around and yells at her mother to let her out. Erica tells her she isn't well and the role has taken her over. Nina grabs her mother's broken hand and pulls her out of the chair. As her mother cries and holds her injured hand, Nina takes the door knob out from under the cushion and walks toward the door. Her mother reaches out for her and asks what happened to her sweet girl, and Nina says in a harsh, evil tone, "she's gone", and walks out of the room. Nina arrives at the ballet and ignores whispers from the troupe as she passes them (with the camera following her from behind). She finds Lily in costume talking to Thomas in the hall, prepared to take the stage as the lead. Nina confidently tells Thomas that she is ready to perform and goes to sit down in her dressing room, with Lily asking what's going on behind her. Thomas follows her into the room and says that he's already told Lily she'll be performing. Nina says if she doesn't take the stage then the company will be marred with controversy, after Beth's incident. Thomas looks slightly amused and impressed at her audacity and tells her to get ready. Nina goes on and is just as timid and rigid in her performance as she was during rehearsals. While in the wings she sees Lily flirting with one of the male dancers and also becomes distracted by Lily while they're dancing on stage; subsequently, during a lift, she loses concentration which causes the lead male to drop her. She recovers herself but during an interval, Thomas is enraged and asks what the hell that was all about. Nina blames it on her dance partner but Thomas walks away from her. When she enters her dressing room, Lily is sitting at her dressing table putting on make-up. Nina yells at her to get out of her room. Lily taunts Nina, saying perhaps she should dance the Black Swan's dance as Nina is not fit to dance it, and they begin to fight. Lily morphs into Nina off and on as Nina struggles against her. Nina pushes Lily into the same full-length mirror Beth destroyed and it shatters. As the fight escalates further, Nina grabs a piece of the mirror and stabs Lily in the stomach. Unsure of what to do, Nina hides the bleeding body in her bathroom and then puts on the Black Swan's make-up. She takes the stage and begins to dance with passionate abandon. As she dances with everything Thomas has been asking for, she begins to physically transform into a large Black Swan on stage, growing feathers and wings. She dances the part better than ever and the crowd gives her a standing ovation as the piece ends. Nina runs off stage toward Thomas and, in front of everyone, kisses him passionately after finally seducing him with her movements. He smiles and tells her to go back out for a second bow. After leaving the stage again, Nina goes into her dressing room to change for the next act and realizes the blood is starting to pour out from under the bathroom door. Nina places a towel over the growing pool of blood and then hears a knock at the door. When she opens the door... Lily is standing there. She apologizes for how things turned out between them and congratulates Nina on her amazing performance as the Black Swan. Nina is shocked and bewildered as Lily smiles and walks away. Nina turns around and removes the towel to find there is no blood. She turns to look at the broken mirror pieces from the smashed mirror still on the floor then suddenly moves her hand to her abdomen. She's bleeding, and she reaches into the wound and pulls out a broken shard of glass. (In her unhinged and delusional mind, Nina had stabbed herself before the Black Swan dance, imagining it was Lily). Despite her wound, she dresses for her final act as the White Swan. Nina dances the second act beautifully, which entrances the audience so that they don't see the small stain of blood growing in the mid-section of her white costume. In the final scene of the last act, the White Swan goes to the top of a large structure to commit suicide. Nina does this with grace, looks down at the suitors below, and then turns and falls in slow motion onto the mattress below as her mother sits in the audience, smiling and crying. When the curtain falls, Thomas is overjoyed and newly infatuated with Nina. He is smiling in adoration as he kneels to congratulate her, a crowd of ballerinas gathering around the star. Nina doesn't speak, but instead just smiles and listens to the praise. Lily suddenly gasps - the first to notice the immense blood stain forming on Nina's costume. Someone calls for help, and Thomas frantically asks her, "What did you do?!" Nina calmly and quietly utters, "I was perfect". The crowd continues to roar with applause as the screen slowly fades to white... 
 Forgetting Sarah Marshall (2008)541) Devastated Peter takes a Hawaiian vacation in order to deal with the recent break-up with his TV star girlfriend, Sarah. Little does he know, Sarah's traveling to the same resort as her ex - and she's bringing along her new boyfriend. Peter is a composer and a likable sad sack who's devastated when his girlfriend of five years, Sarah Marshall, the star of a cheesy CSI-style crime show, dumps him. He weeps, he rails, he mopes. Finally, his step-brother Brian suggests a vacation, so Peter heads for a resort on Oahu where, as he's checking in, he sees Sarah and her new beau, Aldous, a perverse English rocker. The weeping and moping start again, until Peter is rescued by Rachel, a thoughtful hotel clerk who invites him to a luau and to hang out. Although he constantly runs into Sarah and Aldous, Peter starts to come alive again. Will Sarah realize what she's lost, and what about Rachel? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Composer and musician Peter Bretter, unmotivated in life, is unceremoniously dumped by his girlfriend of five and half years, Sarah Marshall, the star of the hit television show, Crime Scene. Peter is devastated as he is in love with Sarah, who has left him for another undisclosed man. The situation is made all the more difficult for Peter as he also works on Crime Scene. Peter's stepbrother, Brian Bretter, trying to be his voice of reason, tells Peter among other things to go away on vacation to forget about Sarah. The place Peter chooses is the Turtle Bay Resort in Hawaii, a place where Sarah had mentioned wanting to go. So it is not totally coincidental that upon Peter's arrival, he finds that Sarah is also there with her new boyfriend Aldous Snow, the pretentious lead singer for the band Infant Sorrow. Peter's plan of forgetting about Sarah is impossible, of which the staff and many of the guests at the hotel are aware, but neither Peter or Sarah refuse to let the other's presence at the resort make them run away. With the help of Brian, Brian's wife Liz and the hotel staff, Peter tries to move on with his life specifically with Rachel Jansen, one of the customer service agents at the hotel, who is carrying some emotional baggage of her own. But Peter goes into a further emotional tailspin when Sarah's life also takes a turn. Huggo When Sarah Marshall dumps aspiring musician Peter Bretter for rock star Aldous Snow, Peter's world comes crashing down. His best friend suggests that Peter should get away from everything and to fly off to Hawaii to escape all his problems. After arriving in Hawaii and meeting the beautiful Rachel Jansen, Peter is shocked to see not only Aldous Snow in Hawaii, but also Sarah Marshall. FilmFanUk Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The scene opens with Peter Bretter (Jason Segel) in his house. The house is kind of a wreck and hes eating a huge bowl of cereal. Hes watching Access Hollywood and they are recapping his five year relationship with Sarah Marshall (Kristen Bell) an actress who plays in a CSI type TV show. He writes the music for the show and they look really happy together. Following that is a music video starring Aldous Snow (Russell Brand). He's a British hippy-free-love type singer and is apparently considered very cool. The phone rings and it's Sarah calling to say she's on her way home. He quickly jumps up and starts to clean. He throws a bunch of stuff in the closet and then hops in the shower. He comes out of the shower in nothing but a towel. Sarah is standing there and says something along the lines of we need to talk. Peter drops his towel and the audience is given a full view of Jason Segel's front side. Actually, pretty much this whole scene is Jason Segel walking around naked. Peter is upset and asks if there is someone else. Sarah says no. Peter says they should just hold each other like they used to and she would love him again. They hug even though he's naked and it's incredibly awkward. Sarah finally admits that there is someone else and walks away. Peter meets his step brother Brian (Bill Hader) at the bar. Brian thinks Peter needs to get over it. Peter thinks he just needs to sleep with someone since Sarah is already sleeping with someone so Brian agrees to help him meet some women. Peter ends up going home with one of the women. He starts crying afterwards when he has flashbacks of all he good times he had with Sarah. Peter then goes to the doctor because hes paranoid that he may have an STD. The doctor is actually a pediatrician and tells Peter he should sleep with as many women as possible to get over his ex girlfriend. There is then a montage of Peter sleeping with various women. Peter is still distraught and can't work. His brother Brian comes over to his house and it's a complete dump. Peter is trying to burn all the pictures he has of Sarah because she's everywhere and he can't get over her. Brian tells Peter that Sarah was always kind of a bitch to him and his wife. Peter gets mad and says that Sarah is better than Brian's wife. Brian gets really mad and says that his wife is carrying his unborn child and that Peter is not even blood since they're step siblings. Brian says that Peter should get away somewhere. Peter says that Sarah used to talk about this place in Hawaii that was really beautiful. Brian doesn't think that's a good idea but Peter says he's going. Peter gets to Hawaii and goes to the hotel. There is a newly married couple in front of him Darald and Wyoma (Jack McBrayer and Maria Thayer). The couple leave and Peter is greeted at the front desk by Rachel Jansen (Mila Kunis). He says he doesn't have reservations but he thought he'd try his luck. She says that the only room available is the nicest suite in the house which costs $6,000 a night. He says he can't afford it, but just then he notices Sarah walking towards him. Rachel says that Sarah and her new boyfriend are staying there and that everyone is really excited. Peter tells Rachel that he and Sarah just broke up three weeks ago and he came here to get over her. Sarah walks up followed by her new boyfriend Aldous Snow and wants to know if Peter is following her and if he's staying there. He says that of course he isn't following her. Hes about to say that he's not staying there but then Rachel says that he's been booked for four nights into the expensive quite. Sarah looks put out and walks off. Peter tells Rachel thank you for saving his face but that he still can't afford it. She says he can stay there for free as long as he cleans up after himself since no one uses that suite but Oprah. Peter calls Brian and Brian tells him to stop following Sarah and go to another hotel. Peter doesn't want to because it will look like he's running way. The audience sees that he continues to follow Sarah and Aldous to their room which is at ground level. Sarah and Aldous start to make out but Peter clears his throat to get their attention and then walks on up to his room. He tells Brian that he's sure that he ruined Sarah's day. The next scene is Sarah and Aldous having sex in many different positions. Clearly Sarah's day has not been ruined. Peter on the other hand is upstairs watching her TV show and crying like a baby. Rachel from the front desk calls and says that there are reports of a woman crying loudly. Peter denies that it's him but the next scene is him curled in the fetal position on the floor crying loudly. Peter goes to dinner at the restaurant and the host Matthew (Jonah Hill) makes him feel uncomfortable because he's there by himself. Then he seats Peter at the table across from Sarah and Aldous. Aldous invites Peter to join them. Peter says no but offers to buy them drinks. Aldous says that he is seven years sober and clean (he used to be an intravenous drug user) and shows seven bar tattoos on his neck that prove it. At the table behind Peter, a couple gets engaged. Peter leaves the table. Sarah comes after him and asks again if he followed her to Hawaii. He again denies it and thanks her for dating Aldous after him since Aldous probably shared needles. She asks how long he is staying. She is clearly unhappy. He tells her he's happy there and that he'll probably stay for a while. Peter gets drunk at the bar and is joined by Darald. We learn through flashbacks that he and his new wife are having difficulties in bed. The next morning Peter goes to breakfast and orders pineapple juice with Rum which the waiter brings him. He decides he's going to try surfing and goes to find Chuck (Paul Rudd). Chuck agrees to teach him how to surf and also offers him weed which Peter says no to. Chuck tells Peter that when life gives you lemons, you just have to throw the lemons out. Peter does not learn how to surf. Peter goes back to his room and talks to Brian through a webcam. Brian tells him he just needs to meet more people. Chuck thinks the people are weird but thinks he might ask Rachel out. Brian thinks it's a bad idea but his wife thinks it's a good idea. Its the fourth of July picnic and Peter sees Rachel greeting customers. He's about to ask her out but loses his nerve. He goes to sit down and Matthew tries to take his plate because he's seated by himself. There is a band playing but Matthew gets up on stage and asks Aldous to come up and play a song for everyone. Aldous agrees and comes up and sings a very sexual song for Sarah. Peter walks off towards the beach and talks to a guy who was serving food at the buffet that morning. (we'll call him Buffet Guy or BG for short) BG tells Peter he needs to stop telling people that he and Sarah broke up. He offers to let Peter help him prepare the pig for the luau that evening. Peter thinks he's talking about cooking the pig but Peter ends up having to help wrangle and then stab the pig. At the luau Peter finally asks Rachel out. She just wants to hang out as friends at beach party that evening. At the beach, Rachel tells Peter that she was with this guy for two years and quit school and moved out here for him. Two weeks later she discovered him cheating on her. But she's happy where she is and doesn't want to go back to school. Peter admits that he hates writing for the TV show and really wants to finish his rock opera about Dracula made for puppets. Just then, Rachel's ex shows up and she tells Peter when she tells him to run, he should run. She gets up and wants to fight her boyfriend. BG steps in and ends up clocking the boyfriend while Peter drags Rachel off. Peter and Rachel go to a bar where a band is playing. Rachel says that she wants to go to the bathroom or get a drink (or something) and Peter offers to hold her purse. She says she's not that kind of girl. He has a flashback of all the times Sarah made him hold her purse and stand in the background while she took pictures. Peter goes to the bathroom and there is a bunch of pictures of girls flashing including one of Rachel. Peter tells Rachel about it and she says she knows but that her boyfriend made her do it and now the owner of the bar won't give it back. He offers to take it but she says the owner would kill him. Just then, the band announces they're taking a break but that Peter is going to come up and play a piece from his puppet/Dracula/rock opera. He plays the song and sings like Dracula. Rachel thinks it's great and half the people like it, the other half don't seem to get it. Rachel drives him back to the hotel and both agree that they had a nice time. He leans over to kiss her but she moves away because she doesn't want to complicate things. Peter goes up to the bar and Chuck is sitting there with Darald. Chuck doesn't have any idea who Peter is any more. Peter tells them that he just had a date with Rachel but they pooh pooh the idea and say that's not possible. The bartender says that she's in customer service and that he probably thinks strippers like him too. Darald's wife comes down and drags him back to their bed. The next day, Sarah and Aldous are in their room when Sarah gets a phone call. She finds out that her show has been cancelled and she's somewhat upset. She tells Aldous and he's happy because he thinks she'll go on tour with him now. She gets upset because he had not told her he was going on an 18 month tour of Europe and he's leaving in two weeks. She tells him she can't go because she's a working actress. He says she's not employed anymore and she can be the head of his groupies. Shes upset that he didn't tell her about the tour and he adds that he didn't tell her that he has genital herpes because hes not having an outbreak. Peter sees Sarah sitting alone at the bar. She tells him about the show and he asks her if she's doing okay. She says yes but he tells her to cut the bull because shes not on The View. She tells him she's upset about it and doesn't want to fade out of sight. He makes some jokes and cheers her up. He has a flashback to him singing his rock opera song to her and she tells him that she doesn't get it. Later, Peter goes up to Rachel and she asks him if he wants to hang out again that afternoon. He says he wants to go for a hike and asks her to come. She agrees but as they're leaving they run into the bartender who's dressed in a wetsuit, he wants Peter to go snorkelling with him but Rachel drags him off laughing towards the trail. Sarah witnesses this and looks thoughtful. Peter and Rachel walk up to top of a cliff that overlooks the bay. He talks about the fact that they are similar because they've both been hurt. They feel impervious to pain. Like they could just jump off the cliff into the water and not get hurt. Rachel says they should just do it. Peter thinks this is a metaphor for them kissing and leans in to kiss Rachel as she jumps off the cliff into the water. She tells him he should jump too. He tries to jump but ends up half falling and almost killing himself. He eventually lets go and is not hurt. Rachel kisses him. Sarah goes up to Rachel at the front desk and asks if there's a good Sushi place around there. She tells Rachel she saw Rachel and Peter together and that Peter is really great guy. Sarah tells Rachel that she's really pretty and then starts to cry. The next day Peter wakes up and BG is standing over him (another naked shot of Jason Segel). Dakota Fanning needs the suite so Peter is going to have to move to a different room. The next shot is him in the patio next door to Sarah. He tells her it was the only room available. Darald asks Aldous how he can please his wife. Aldous shows Darald how to have sex with his wife using giant chess pieces out on the beach. Meanwhile Peter goes up to Chuck and tells him hes ready to surf. Chuck gives him the board and he paddles out into the water. Aldous is out there and they talk about the song Peter is writing. Aldous likes it. They talk about Sarah and Peter mentions they were together for five years. Aldous says that Peter has four years on him meaning that Aldous and Sarah were having sex for a year before she broke things off with Peter. Peter is royally angry and tells Aldous to get out of there. Peter finally is able to get on his surfboard when a wave comes up but he surfs right over Aldous and knocks him off his board. Peter pulls Aldous out of the water and Aldous is yelling that his leg hurts. There is a piece of coral in his leg which Peter pulls out. As soon as he does, the wound starts gushing blood which causes Peter to faint. Peter wakes up in Sarah's room and she is sitting beside him. She did not want him to wake up by himself. He confronts her about her cheating on him and starts to storm out. She asks him to stay and talk to her and he does. She tells him that she tried really hard, but that she couldn't get him to come out of his shell. That he spent an entire week in sweat pants (funny montage of Peter in the same pair of sweat pants doing different things). She says she talked to a therapist, read books, and talked to her mom to try to help him, but she couldn't pull him out of his house. He storms off around the corner to his patio. That evening Sarah and Aldous are getting dressed for dinner. Aldous comes out in a sheer black shirt. Sarah wonders why he's not wearing the shirt she bought for him. He clearly does not want to wear it and Sarah remembers all the times she bought tacky clothes for Peter to wear and he wore them proudly because she had given them to him. The next scene is Aldous wearing a very tacky Hawaiian shirt that Sarah apparently bought for him and the two of them are walking towards the restaurant. He's upset about having to wear the shirt. As they walk up, Peter and Rachel are standing in line in front of them. The host Matthew just gave the last table to Rachel and Peter and is very upset that he has to tell his idol Aldous that he'll have to wait five minutes for a table. Peter offers to let them sit with them which Sarah promptly accepts. Peter tells Rachel that he's sorry, he didn't think they would say yes. Rachel did think Sarah would say yes. Neither Rachel nor Aldous are very happy. Dinner is awkward although there is a really funny scene where they make fun of a movie Sarah made about cell phones that kill people (Kristen Bell starred in a movie called Tone which was about cell phones that killed people it didn't do very well at the box office). Everyone (except Aldous) is drinking way too much wine. Aldous tells the table that his theory of life is that you should have sex with as many people as possible as much as possible. Peter disagrees. Sarah is very upset at this point and takes it out on Rachel by saying something bitchy. Rachel responds with something equally bitchy and then leans over and kisses Peter. Sarah is not happy. There is also a montage during this scene of Darald and his wife having sex in many different positions and clearly enjoying it. The next scene is Peter and Rachel making out in his room. He tells her she's too drunk but she wants to have sex anyway. They start to have sex and Sarah hears them in the next room. She wakes up Aldous so that he'll have sex with her. She fakes an orgasm and yells really loud. Peter yells back while he and Rachel have sex. Aldous pushes Sarah off of him and is very offended that she faked an orgasm with him. He says she isn't over Peter and that he's going to leave. Sarah gets mad and tells him that all of his tattoos are stupid and he responds by telling her that he had sex with their housekeeper. Peter and Rachel wake up and agree that they really like spending time together. Peter then has a really fun day. He doesn't have anything to drink and is the life of the party at the pool. He runs into Aldous in the lobby and Aldous tells him that he and Sarah broke up. Aldous thinks Peter wants Sarah back but Peter doesn't think that he does. Peter goes to Sarah's room to see how she's doing. She starts to cry and tells him she wants him back. She tries to kiss but he tells her no. Finally she says that she's really sorry so he starts to kiss her back. They try to have sex, but he's not turned on by her anymore. She even tries to give him a blow job, but it doesn't work. Peter goes and tells Rachel what he did and she's incredibly hurt. She tells him not contact her ever again. Peter goes to the bar and takes the picture of her out of the bathroom. The bartender comes in and beats the tar out of him but he keeps the picture. He goes back to the hotel and gives her the picture without a word and then leaves. Peter goes back home and finishes his rock opera. Rachel gets a flyer in the mail with the advertisement for the play. She doesn't think she wants to go but the bar tender convinces her that Peter clearly loves her and she should give him another shot. The next scene is opening night of the rock opera. We get to see the closing scene and song of the play which is rather comical. Peter sees Rachel sitting in the audience and is very happy. Everyone likes the show and it gets a standing ovation. He meets up with Rachel after the show and she says shes in town to look at schools. He asks if she wants to hang out with him and she says yes. He asks if she still has his number. She leaves and he goes to the dressing room to take off his unitard. Rachel comes back to the dressing room just as he tries to call her. He's naked again and the audience again gets a full frontal view. Rachel laughs and they hug and evidently live happily ever after. During the credits there is an advertisement for Sarah Marshall's new TV show. It looks super cheesy and she plays a detective that can channel her dog's mind. 