nm0000146:

 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 (2011)431) Harry, Ron, and Hermione search for Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes in their effort to destroy the Dark Lord as the final battle rages on at Hogwarts. Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint), and Hermione (Emma Watson) continue their quest of finding and destroying Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') three remaining Horcruxes, the magical items responsible for his immortality. But as the mystical Deathly Hallows are uncovered, and Voldemort finds out about their mission, the biggest battle begins, and life as they know it will never be the same again. Jordan Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint), and Hermione (Emma Watson) continue to find the rest of Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') Horcruxes, until Harry discovers that one is at Hogwarts, they flee there as soon as possible, but Voldemort instantly finds out about their mission. The battle is drawn at Hogwarts as many people fight to protect Harry. Harry then realizes that people are dying constantly for his mistakes and then eventually fights Voldemort for the last time. Along the way, crucial secrets are unravelled, and the mysterious, but legendary, Deathly Hallows reappear. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After burying Dobby at the garden of the Shell cottage, Harry Potter ( Daniel Radcliffe ) convinces Griphook ( Warwick Davis ) to help them get to Lestrange's vault in Gringotts, to retrieve one of Voldemort's Horcruxes in exchange for Godric Gryffindor's Sword. Meanwhile, Ollivander ( John Hurt ), the Wandmaker warns Harry that he won't stand a chance with Voldemort ( Ralph Fiennes ) who has the Elder Wand. They arrived in Gringotts, Hermione ( Emma Watson ) disguised as Bellatrix ( Helena Bonham Carter ), using a Polyjuice Potion, Ron ( Rupert Grint ) disguised as a random wizard while Harry and Griphook go under the Invisibility Cloak. With the help of Imperius curse, they manage to get to the carts that take them down to the vaults, but when their cover is blown, Gringotts security attacks them. They manage to get to Lestrange's vault and find the Horcrux, Helga Hufflepuff's Cup, at which Griphook betrays them and flees with the sword yelling "Thieves! Thieves!" Harry grabs the Horcrux and the trio escape using a captive dragon. As they swim ashore of a lake, after jumping off the dragon, Harry has a vision about Voldemort receiving the news that the Horcrux was stolen. Harry sees that Voldemort is angry and scared. Voldemort kills the goblins, including Griphook, that bring him the news. Harry also sees that the next Horcrux is related to Rowena Ravenclaw, and is in Hogwarts castle. The three Apparate to Hogsmeade in hopes of sneaking into the school but a Caterwauling charm is set off that warns the Death Eaters of the trio's arrival. They are saved by Aberforth Dumbledore ( Ciarn Hinds ), Albus's brother, who Harry has seen through the mirror that he has. The trio use a passageway to Hogwarts provided by Aberforth, with Neville Longbottom ( Matthew Lewis ) leading the way. The group arrives at the Room of Requirement where Dumbledore's Army made a resistance from Snape's regime. As headmaster, Snape ( Alan Rickman ) has turned Hogwarts into a lifeless prison. Harry confronts him in front of the entire school by saying, "How dare you stand where he stood. Tell them how it happened that night. How you looked him in the eye, a man who trusted you, and killed him" (referring to Albus Dumbledore). Minerva McGonagall ( Maggie Smith ) intervenes and fights Severus, who flees to his master. Meanwhile, Voldemort has summoned his army and surrounds Hogwarts. McGonagall and the other Hogwarts staff made a barrier to keep the school safe from any attack. Hermione and Ron go to the Chamber of Secrets to get a basilisk fang (which can destroy Horcruxes), destroy Hufflepuff's Cup, and abruptly kiss. Harry, with the help of Rowena Ravenclaw's ghost daughter, Helena, finds out that the Ravenclaw Diadem was hidden, by Voldemort, in the Room of Requirement. He goes there, but is confronted by Malfoy and friends. When one of Malfoy's cohorts creates an unstoppable fire (and perishes due to it), Harry, Ron and Hermione rush to escape on brooms. They save Malfoy ( Tom Felton ) and his other friend on the way. They destroy the diadem using a basilisk fang. Voldemort uses the Elder Wand to destroy the shield around Hogwarts. Voldemort and Snape then meet in the boat house, where Voldemort tells Snape that the Elder Wand is not truly his, because he is not the master of it; that Snape is the master of the wand because Snape killed Dumbledore, the previous master. So, Voldemort attacks Snape, and then orders Nagini to kill him. Meanwhile, Harry had been looking into Voldemort's mind to see where he was, and so knew that he was in the boathouse. Harry, Ron and Hermione witness all of this, and when Voldemort disapparates, go into the boathouse. Snape cries a tear of memories, and comments on how Harry has his mother's eyes, and dies. Voldemort then speaks into the minds of every person in the area. He commands his forces to retreat so that the fighters at Hogwarts can dispose of their dead with dignity. He then tells Harry that, unless he gives himself up in the Forbidden Forest, Voldemort will kill everyone who stands in his way. Harry, Ron, and Hermione go back to the castle and find that Lupin ( David Thewlis ), Tonks ( Natalia Tena ), and Fred ( James Phelps ) have all died. Harry goes to the Headmaster's office, where he uses the Pensieve to view Snape's memories. Harry learns that Snape has been on the good side ever since Voldemort decided to kill Lily Potter (Harry's mother). Snape loved Lily almost his entire life, and promised to do anything for Dumbledore as long as he protected her. Then, when she was murdered, Snape promised to protect Harry in her place. We learn that Dumbledore had told Snape to kill him, as he would die soon anyway. We then learn that Harry is a Horcrux. Voldemort accidentally created one that fateful night at Godric's Hollow. For this reason, Harry must die. Harry then goes to the Forbidden Forest and opens the snitch (by saying I am ready to die). The Resurrection Stone appears inside the snitch, and Harry uses it to bring back his deceased loved ones. Harry faces Voldemort who uses the killing curse to kill Harry. Harry wakes up and talks with Dumbledore ( Michael Gambon ) in a 'heaven-like" place. They talk a little, and Dumbledore says that Voldemort actually killed the bit of his soul that was in Harry, and not Harry himself. So, Harry decides to go back to the Forbidden Forest (his body was always there, but his consciousness was not). Voldemort has Narcissa Malfoy ( Helen McCrory ) check if Harry is alive. When she reaches Harry, she finds that he is alive, and asks Harry quietly if Draco is still alive. Harry nods, and she pronounces him dead. Believing that he is truly dead, Voldemort's army marches down to the defenseless Hogwarts while Harry is being carried by the tied Hagrid ( Robbie Coltrane ). Voldemort torments the students and staff as they are now vulnerable and he's ready for anyone who wants to join him. Neville then gives a moving speech in which he says that although Harry is dead, the fight is not over. He then gets the sword of Gryffindor from the sorting hat. Harry reveals himself to be alive and casts a spell to Voldemort and his army. Many of the other Death Eaters flee, including the Malfoy family. Battle ensues inside the castle, and Harry and Voldemort face off and continuously cast spells at each other. On the other hand, Hermione and Ron try to kill the last Horcrux, Nagini. However, they fail to do so. However, when the snake is about to kill them, Neville kills it by decapitating its head using the sword of Gryffindor. Harry and Voldemort cast spells at each other, and Voldemort's killing curse backfires, and kills him, as the Elder wand flies to Harry. Harry explains to Ron and Hermione that Draco was master of the wand, not Snape, because Draco disarmed Dumbledore before Snape killed him. Then, at Malfoy Manor, Harry disarmed Draco, making Harry the true master of the wand. Harry then snaps the wand in two, and throws it away forever. 19 years later, Harry and Ginny ( Bonnie Wright ) are now parents and are guiding Albus Severus Potter and their other children into platform 9 3/4. When Albus is nervous about being sorted into Slytherin, Harry reveals to him that the sorting hat will take your opinion into account. The Potters meet up with Ron and Hermione (who are married) who then watch as their kids ride away on Hogwarts express. 
 The Grand Budapest Hotel (2014)871) A writer encounters the owner of an aging high-class hotel, who tells him of his early years serving as a lobby boy in the hotel's glorious years under an exceptional concierge. This movie recounts the adventures of M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes), a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel between the wars, and Zero Moustafa (Tony Revolori), the lobby boy who becomes his most trusted friend. The story involves the theft and recovery of a priceless Renaissance painting and the battle for an enormous family fortune - all against the backdrop of a suddenly and dramatically changing continent. Fox Searchlight Pictures A teenage girl visits the monument of the writer who penned the book, "The Grand Budapest Hotel". In 1968, that author was inspired to write the book when he visited that hotel, located in the European mountainous country formerly known as Zubrowka. Once a luxurious hotel, it, in 1968, has fallen on hard times. The author meets the then current owner, Mr. Zero Moustafa (F. Murray Abraham), who recounts the story of how he became the hotel's owner and why he holds onto it and keeps it open despite it obviously making him no money. Zero's story begins in 1932, when the hotel was in its golden era. Zero (Tony Revolori) was the novice immigrant lobby boy, who, like all the other hotel staff, was under the guidance of M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes), the devoted concierge. Gustave aimed to please, he giving the guests whatever they wanted, especially the wealthy blonde women. The story largely revolves around one of those women, the wealthy Madame Cline Villeneuve Desgoffe-und-Taxis - better known as Madame D. (Tilda Swinton) - her opportunistic son Dmitri (Adrian Brody), the bequeathing of a valuable painting called "Boy with Apple" to Gustave, the mysterious circumstances surrounding her death which is initially pinned on Gustave, and the attempts of Zero, his girlfriend - a baker's assistant named Agatha (Saoirse Ronan) - and others to clear Gustave's name while Dmitri does whatever he needs to get what he believes is rightfully his, namely the painting. Huggo A writer travels to the decadent Grand Budapest Hotel in the mountains of the Republic of Zubrowka and he meets the owner Mr. Zero Moustafa (F. Murray Abraham), who is a very simple man. Zero invites the author to have dinner with him and he tells his story and how he became the owner of the hotel. In 1932, in the glorious days of the Grand Budapest Hotel, Zero Moustafa (Tony Revolori) is hired to work as lobby boy under the command of the legendary concierge M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes), who becomes his friend. Gustave efficiently manages the hotel and staff and also attends the sexual needs of the old ladies lodged at the hotel. He spends one night with Madame Cline Villeneuve Desgoffe-und-Taxis, a.k.a. Madame D. (Tilda Swinton) and soon he learns that she was found dead at home. Gustave summons Zero to travel with him to the funeral and he learns that he has inherited the valuable painting "Boy with Apple". Madame D's son Dmitri (Adrian Brody) and her family do not accept that a concierge may have inherited the painting and Gustave and Zero steal it and return to the Grand Budapest Hotel. Gustave promises Zero that he would be his heir for helping him. But Gustave is falsely accused of murdering Madame D. and is arrested and imprisoned. Will his friend Zero let him die in prison? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the far reaches of Eastern Europe in the former Republic of Zubrowka, there once was the Grand Budapest hotel. A writer remembers a stay at the hotel during the off season many years ago and recalls the tales he heard of the hotel's past from the elderly owner, Mr. Zero Moustafa (F. Murray Abraham). He tells the young writer about how he came to acquire the hotel and of the original concierge of the Grand Budapest, M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes). Young Zero (Tony Revolori) was a lobby boy at the time and accompanies Gustave to the reading of a will after one of their regular guests dies. She leaves Gustave a valuable painting, but when the woman's son challenges the will, Gustave and Moustafa steal the painting setting off a series of events that will lead to Moustafa's present circumstance. garykmcd In the 1930s, The Grand Budapest Hotel is a popular European ski resort, presided over by concierge M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes). Zero Moustafa (Tony Revolori), a junior lobby boy, becomes Gustave's friend and protg. Gustave prides himself on providing first-class service to the hotel's guests, including satisfying the sexual needs of the many elderly women who stay there. When one of Gustave's lovers dies mysteriously, Gustave finds himself the recipient of a priceless painting and the chief suspect in her murder. Jwelch5742 M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes), the famous concierge at a legendary hotel situated in the Alps during the 1930s becomes the center of a farcical whirlwind of suspicion when one of his institution's oldest and richest patrons turns up dead, and she suspiciously leaves him her most priceless work of art - a Renaissance painting of a boy with an apple. Infuriated that she left anything of value to anyone else, the woman's greedy and nefarious heir uses all manner of underhanded and illegal tactics to pin her death on Gustave and to silence anyone who questions his objective of inheriting every penny of her estate, leaving Gustave's trusted lobby boy Zero Moustafa (Tony Revolori) to clear Gustave's name and prove that the grand lady's killer is none other than her own son, Dmitri (Adrian Brody). Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A young woman walks into a cemetery in the Republic of Zubrowka, a place said to have fallen on hard times. She passes a bench with three men singing and then approaches a memorial with several hotel keys attached to it, dedicated to a man known only as Author. The woman puts a key on the memorial and then takes out a book titled "The Grand Budapest Hotel". 1985 - We meet the Author (Tom Wilkinson) in his home as his grandson runs around firing his toy gun. The Author addresses the audience and begins to tell the story behind his book as it was told to him in a very unexpected way. 1968 - In his youth, the Author (here played by Jude Law) travels to Zubrowka, a place that has been devastated by war. He ventures up to The Grand Budapest Hotel, which was once well-renowned. It sees very few guests apart from the Author, and several unnamed patrons. One day while chatting with concierge M. Jean (Jason Schwartzman), they happen to see an old man (F. Murray Abraham) sitting in the lobby by himself, looking rather sad and lonely. When The Author asks who he is, Jean informs him that the old man is Zero Moustafa, the owner of the hotel. It is widely-known that Mr Moustafa has procured many other fine lodgings throughout the world, but Jean surprises The Author, when he explains that in The Grand Budapest, he occupies a small servant's quarters. However, their conversation is interrupted when a man in the lobby begins choking. As Jean rushes to help him, The Author returns to his room, via elevator. As the days go on, curiosity about Moustafa continues to haunt The Author, until they chance to meet in the hotel's bath. Moustafa invites the Author to dine with him that evening. When they meet again, Zero begins to tell his story. Part 1 - M. Gustave 1932 - Zero starts off his story in his teenage years. We first see Zero (here played by Tony Revolori) assisting other members of the Grand Budapest Hotel, at the beck and call of the legendary concierge, M. Gustave H. (Ralph Fiennes), as they prepare a meal for the concierge, and an elderly woman known as Madame D. (Tilda Swinton). During the meal, the old woman tells how she is frightened to leave the hotel, afraid she'll never see Gustave again. The man keeps assuring her that she's worrying over nothing. Before her car pulls away, she requests that the concierge light a candle for her, before the say "I love you," and she is driven back to her home. It was then that Zero was "formally" introduced to Gustave. Originally wishing to just send him off to light the candle as Madame D has wished, Gustave soon questions the young man's employ. Soon finding out he's there on a 'trial basis,' Gustave initiates an impromptu interview with Zero. Despite what Zero begins telling him, Gustave determines that the boy has no hotel experience, education, or family. When asked why he would want to be a lobby boy, Zero replies, "Who wouldn't, at the Grand Budapest Hotel?" Gustave is pleased with this answer. Zero asks him if he was ever a lobby boy. Gustave merely replies, "What do you think?" With Gustave acting as his mentor, Zero works at the hotel just as quickly and efficiently as everybody else. He never misses any detail to ensure the guests are perfectly pleased with their visit, taking all the tips Gustave gives him, to heart. As for just who owns The Grand Budapest, the identity of the hotel's owner is a mystery, but it is well-known that the owner sends an emissary, Deputy Kovacs (Jeff Goldblum) to the hotel to check up on business. Zero also learns that many of the hotel's most special guests would come for Gustave. It became well-known that the man would sleep with a number of elderly blonde women with insecurities and a need for attention. During this time, Zero would come to meet the love of his life, Agatha (Saoirse Ronan), a baker with a distinctive birthmark on her cheek who works at Mendl's, Gustave's favorite pastry shop. However, though Old Zero makes a small mention of her (now), he quickly moves on to other matters in his story. Part 2 - Madame C.V.D.u.T While fetching newspapers one morning, an article catches Zero's eye. He rushes back to the hotel to show Gustave, that Madame D. has been found dead in her bathroom. A shocked Gustave immediately takes Zero on a train where they travel to Madame D.'s estate. On the train, they stop by a barley field on a day that is known as the "Closing of the Frontier". Gustave and Zero see soldiers standing in the field. A group of soldiers enter and ask to see the documents of both men. Gustave shows his papers, but Zero has none as he is an immigrant. The main soldier orders Zero to come with him. Gustave defends Zero and gets into a fight with the soldiers. They pin the two of them against the wall, and Gustave, seeing Zero in trouble, barks at the soldiers, "TAKE YOUR HANDS OFF MY LOBBY BOY!" The fracas soon catches the attention of Inspector Henckels (Edward Norton), who enters the car, and quickly recognizes Gustave! When Gustave hears the names of Henckel's parents, he quickly remembers who they were, as well as Henckel's childhood name of "Little Albert". Henckels gives Zero a pardon for the trip, but urges him to get official papers immediately. Gustave and Zero soon after, arrive at Madame D.'s mansion. Her maid, Clotilde (Lea Seydoux), guides them to the old woman's body lying in a casket. Gustave speaks to her corpse, praising her as if she were still alive. Eventually, Clotilde tells Gustave that the butler, M. Serge X (Mathieu Amalric), wishes to speak to him. However, Serge is frantic and panicky, and quickly rushes off, with Gustave and Zero in pursuit. They soon find themselves in the trophy room of the house, where all manner of relations to Madame D are present for the reading of her will. Surprising to both Gustave and Zero, is Mr Kovacs, who is the executor of her estate, and who has analyzed her will, and its numerous amendments. Key among the inheritors mentioned, are her son Dmitri (Adrien Brody) and his three sisters, Marguerite (Michaela Caspar), Laetizia (Sabine Urig), and Carolina (Heike Hanold-Lynch). There are also small provisions for other members of the family, but Kovacs claims that a new amendment was sent to his offices just recently. Reading it aloud, the amendment (which is still being investigated), thanks Gustave for his kindness, and allows him ownership of cherished painting, titled "Boy With Apple." When Gustave steps forward, Dmitri angrily confronts him, hurling several homophobic slurs, and refusing him the painting. A small war of words causes a small scuffle among Dmitri, Gustave, Zero, and Dmitri's right-hand man, J.G. Jopling (Willem Dafoe). Gustave then takes Zero to the room where "Boy With Apple" is hanging. After admiring it for a little while, the two take it down, and replace it (with a rather vulgar painting). Gustave then has Serge wrap up "Boy With Apple". Unseen by anyone else, Serge tucks an envelope labeled "CONFIDENTIAL" into the rear of the painting, before it is wrapped in brown paper, and given to Gustave. Before Gustave and Zero leave, Gustave remembers that Serge had wanted to speak to him before about something, but the Frenchman does not say anything more. On the train ride back, Gustave claims he will cherish the gift from Madame D, but quickly realizes that Dmitri may come looking for the painting. He proposes to Zero that they sell off "Boy With Apple" on the black market, and, in exchange for his services, Zero will be given 1.5% of the cut and Gustave will make him his heir. Zero agrees, and quickly jots down the concierge's declaration, to make it "official." Once back at the hotel, the two hide "Boy With Apple" in the hotel's vault, before Henckels arrives, to arrest Gustave as the suspect murderer in Madame D's death. As Zero watches, Gustave attempts to run, but Henckels and his men give chase. Part 3 - Check Point 19 - Criminal-Interment Camp One week before his trial, Gustave is imprisoned. Going to visit him, Zero is shocked to find his senior has suffered injuries, but Gustave simply claims he had to prove himself to the others, once they questioned his virility. Zero has also met with Mr Kovacs, who explains that a deposition was given by several members of Madame D's family, that Gustave had secretly entered the mansion, and poisoned Madame D with strychnine. However, the one who claimed to have seen the events unfold, Serge X, has gone missing. Gustave is pretty sure that Madame's family forced Serge to bear false witness, and though Gustave has an alibi as to where he was at the time, he fears bringing the woman to whose company he was in (the Duchess of Westphalia) into the events, as it will ruin her reputation. In the meantime, Dmitri has secretly begun his own search for the missing Serge, sending his henchman Jopling to check on Serge's sister, who claims she has not seen her brother recently. Zero soon ends up acting as the middle-man for Gustave's correspondence with the staff of the Grand Budapest, reading them the concierge's letters, and his own prose poems. Gustave also requests that any issues should be addressed to Zero in his absence. Back in the prison, Gustave has almost become a concierge to the inmates there, serving many of them mush with a cheery air. He has also shared the Mendl's pastries he receives, with several inmates: Pinky (Florian Lukas), Wolf (Karl Markovics), Gunther (Volker Michalowski), and Ludwig (Harvey Keitel). Gustave's hospitality towards the men pays off, and they want to help him break out of the prison. However, the amount of tools to break out of the prison are limited, but upon looking at the Mendl's box, Gustave hatches a cunning plan. It is at this point where Old Zero becomes overwhelmed with emotions and he starts to cry. He explains to the Author that talking about Agatha makes him emotional. Old Zero then stops his main story, and gives some background on his and Agatha's relationship, of which even Gustave was privy to (though seemed to also flirt with, much to Zero's ire), even 'interviewing' the young woman to see if she was proper for his Lobby Boy. Returning to the story, Zero worked with Agatha, to place specific tools, baked into several pastries sent to Gustave. This fashioning of them to look like baked goods fooled the prison guards, and allowed Gustave and his comrades the proper tools to attempt their escape. In regards to Madame D's will, Kovacs is of the mind that something is missing from the paperwork, and that along with the disappearance of Serge, the executor asks Dmitri and his sisters to bring the local authorities to look into the matter...of which Dmitri quickly refuses to do so. Dmitri simply seems to want what he feels is owed him, while Kovacs is of the mind that he must follow the instructions his former client laid out, and proceed in an honest matter. This retort is met with Dmitri storming out of the room, and Jopling throwing Kovac's cat out the window to its death. Later, Kovacs collects the cat's body and boards a trolley, but soon finds Jopling following him. Kovacs attempts to lose the bodyguard, by ducking into the Kunst Museum (after quickly disposing of his dead cat in a trash can). However, as he attempts to leave out a rear door, Jopling stops him, slamming the door, severing 4 of the man's fingers, before murdering him. Kovac's absence is felt the next day at The Grand Budapest, when a note is received from his office, telling that his usual visit has been cancelled. As the time for Gustave's escape draws near, Zero tells Agatha about "Boy With Apple." Fearful that he and Gustave might be caught, he gives her the necessary information to remove it from the hotel's vault (information which she reluctantly takes). At the prison, Gustave and his fellow inmates begin to put their plan of escape into action. Aside from a noisy prisoner who sees them escape (who is quelled by an inmate whom Gustave gave mush to), the group finds their biggest obstacle in an underground hatch, which is occupied with several guards playing poker. Gunther sacrifices himself for the group, killing the guards, but dying in the process. Finally, the remaining men reach the outside of the prison with Zero waiting for Gustave. Ludwig, Pinky, and Wolf part ways, overtaking a nearby bus. However, Gustave soon grows upset at Zero when he finds the lobby boy has not procured a safe house, spare clothes, or brought his favorite cologne. Gustave then angrily lashes out at the boy, criticizing his culture, before the boy shames the concierge, by telling how his family was killed, forcing him to retreat and look for work on his own. Gustave sincerely apologizes to Zero, before the escape sirens blare, and the two make a run for it. In the aftermath of the escape Henckels and his men investigate the break out, but also find Jopling in their midst. Henckels also informs Jopling that Madame D's lawyer was found dead just recently. Jopling claims he was aware Mr Kovacs had gone missing, but claims he knew nothing of the man's death, before being escorted from the prison. After traipsing across the snow-covered countryside, Gustave and Zero find a telephone box. Once he gets through, Gustave then relays a special request to... Part 4 - The Society of the Crossed Keys The society turns out to be an inter-woven group of numerous hotel concierges. Gustave's message for help, soon finds it's way through concierges M. Ivan (Bill Murray), M. Martin (Bob Balaban), M. Robin (Fisher Stevens), M. Georges (Wallace Wolodarsky), and M. Dino (Waris Ahluwalia). In the end, it is M. Ivan who retrieves Gustave and Zero from the countryside. The concierges have also learned through sources, that Serge has sought refuge in a mountain range known as Gabelmeister's Peak. The concierges have been able to obtain train tickets for the two, as well as Gustave's favorite cologne (though in a much smaller bottle, Ivan regrets to say). With Mr Kovacs now deceased, Dmitri attempts to go over the remnants of his mother's will. It is during this time that the painting "Boy With Apple" returns to his mind...and is the first time he has found it missing from the mansion's study! Clotilde the maid then confirms that the painting was removed by Gustave. During this time, Agatha decides to retrieve Boy With Apple" using Zero's information, but grows wary when she hears footsteps approaching her room. The next day, Serge's sister is found beheaded, the missing body part in a laundry basket (most likely the handiwork of Mr Jopling). Also near her, was a telegram envelope, with its contents missing. Henckel and his soldiers investigate, and also are able to retrieve the telegram's information from the offices, which tell Serge's sister to meet him near Gabelmeister's peak. Gustave and Zero attempt to rendezvous with Serge at an observatory near the summit of Gabelmeister's peak, only for several monks, to direct the two to a monastery high in the hills. In a confessional in the rear of the monastery, Serge informs Gustave and Zero of the death of his sister, as well as his witness to the creation of a second will Madame D had made (in the event she was murdered). Serge explains that Dmitri and his family destroyed it, but that he (Serge) was able to obtain a copy of it. However, before he can tell where it is, Serge falls silent. Gustave and Zero soon find that Serge has been strangled to death, and see Jopling leaving out a side door! The two give chase down the hills, Jopling on skis, and Gustave and Zero on a sled. The wild ride through the snow ends with Jopling pulling off to the side, while the sled plows into a hill, sending Zero into the snow, and Gustave hanging precariously over the edge. Jopling attempts to loosen the icy ledge that the concierge hangs from, when Zero pushes the deranged murderer over the edge, to his death. However, their victory is short-lived, as Henckel is seen across the way, demanding the two not move. Gustave and Zero then take Jopling's motorcycle, amid gunfire from Henckel's troops. Part 5 - The Second Copy of the Second Will The war finally comes to the residence of The Grand Budapest Hotel, with numerous members of the Military taking over its many rooms. In the absence of Gustave and Zero, concierge duties have now fallen to a man named M. Chuck (Owen Wilson) Retrieving Agatha, both Gustave and Zero have her enter the hotel under the guise of delivering complimentary pastries from Mendl's, as a cover to retrieve "Boy With Apple" for them. However, as they watch the front door, Dmitri and his sisters pull up to the entrance! As the family enters the lobby, Dmitri spies Agatha...who quickly turns around and attempts to escape. The two find themselves in an elevator, where Dmitri tears a corner of the paper wrappings...which reveals a portion of the painting to him. Once they arrive on the 6th floor, Dmitri attempts to chase. Meanwhile, fearing for Agatha's life, Gustave and Zero enter the hotel disguised as Mendl's associates...only to encounter Dmitri! Dmitri attempts to kill Gustave, but the gunfire rouses several other Military men on the floors, and an impromptu shootout breaks loose! Henckel soon reaches the floor, demanding all parties cease-firing. However, the silence is broken when Agatha's voice is heard calling for help! Zero sees her dangling off the edge of the third floor suite, the painting hanging nearby. Rushing to her aid, he ends up pitching over the edge along with her, before they both fall off the building...and through the roof of the Mendl's pastry wagon they came in! After "Boy With Apple" is retrieved, the Confidential paperwork Serge hid on the back is found. With Gustave, Dmitri, Zero, Agatha, and a number of the hotel staff and armed forces around them, Henckels opens the second will, and reads from its contents. Gustave is not only vindicated of Madame D.'s murder, but the second will also gives him numerous portions of numerous businesses she own, including ownership of the Grand Budapest Hotel (of which she was the previously-unknown owner!). In a newspaper article, it is also mentioned that her son Dmitri has disappeared without a trace (and who was suspected of the woman's murder now). As Old Zero continues the story, he notes that Gustave had almost taken on the same aire as the numerous older women he pleasured. As well, with Gustave now having new-found wealth and financial freedom, Zero was then promoted to concierge of the hotel. A scene is shown briefly of Gustave presiding over Zero and Agatha's wedding (with The Society of the Crossed Keys as witnesses), but Zero tells that both his wife and their first child died shortly afterwards, from a fatal disease. The story then switches to Gustave, Zero, and Agatha on a train (some time before her death). During this time, Gustave finally answered the question Zero had asked him some time ago, about if he ever was a lobby boy. The wealthy man says yes, but admits that Zero was a much better lobby boy than he ever was. During the journey, the train stops again in the same barley field as before, and a number of soldiers board checking for papers. While Gustave and Agatha check out, the soldier does not accept Zero's pass. Gustave attempts to use the pass Henckel gave them on their last trip, but the man tears it up, showing that it has no value in their current wartime climate, as the country on the pass (Zubrowkia) has now ceased to exist. Though Gustave threatens the soldier with punishment, the man knocks out Zero with the barrel of his gun, causing the former concierge of the Grand Budapest Hotel, to leap to his feet and assault the man. As Old Zero comes out of his story, the Author inquires what happened to Gustave after that. Old Zero then tells that the soldiers had him killed, and with his death, everything that he owned, was willed to him (Zero). After the story and their meal, the two men head to the front desk, though the concierge is nowhere to be found. Zero then goes behind the counter, and retrieves the keys to both of their rooms. One of the key's large tags reads: "M Gustave Suite." As they wait for the elevator to their rooms, The Author asks Zero if he chose not to sell the hotel to maintain a part of Gustave's world. Zero replies he kept the hotel as a tribute to Agatha, and the best years of his life. He believes the world Gustave had was gone before he worked at the hotel. He departs from the Author. The Author states that he would later travel to South America after visiting the hotel, which he describes as "marvelous ruins that he never returned to." The film closes with a shot of the young woman finishing the Author's book at the cemetery. 
 Schindler's List (1993)761) In German-occupied Poland during World War II, industrialist Oskar Schindler gradually becomes concerned for his Jewish workforce after witnessing their persecution by the Nazis. Oskar Schindler is a vain and greedy German businessman who becomes an unlikely humanitarian amid the barbaric German Nazi reign when he feels compelled to turn his factory into a refuge for Jews. Based on the true story of Oskar Schindler who managed to save about 1100 Jews from being gassed at the Auschwitz concentration camp, it is a testament to the good in all of us. Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de> The incredible true story of the enigmatic and opportunistic businessman Oskar Schindler, who saved the lives of more than 1,100 Jews during the Holocaust. Schindler's List chronicles the trials and triumph of one man who made a difference and the tribulations of those who survived one of the darkest chapters in human history because of his actions. Spiricom Businessman Oskar Schindler arrives in Krakow in 1939, ready to make his fortune from World War II, which has just started. After joining the Nazi party primarily for political expediency, he staffs his factory with Jewish workers for similarly pragmatic reasons. When the SS begins exterminating Jews in the Krakow ghetto, Schindler arranges to have his workers protected to keep his factory in operation, but soon realizes that in so doing, he is also saving innocent lives. Jwelch5742 The true story of Czech born Oskar Schindler, a businessman who tried to make his fortune during the Second World War by exploiting cheap Jewish labour, but ended up penniless having saved over 1000 Polish Jews from almost certain death during the Holocaust. Rob Hartill "Schindler's List" is the based-on-truth story of Nazi Czech business man Oskar Schindler, who uses Jewish labor to start a factory in occupied Poland. As World War II progresses, and the fate of the Jews becomes more and more clear, Schindler's motivations switch from profit to human sympathy and he is able to save over 1100 Jews from death in the gas chambers. Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The relocation of Polish Jews from surrounding areas to Krakow begins in late 1939, shortly after the outbreak of World War II, when the German Army defeats the Polish Army in three weeks. Oskar Schindler ( Liam Neeson ), a successful businessman, arrives from Czechoslovakia in hopes of using the abundant cheap labour force of Jews to manufacture enamelware for the German military. Schindler, an opportunistic member of the Nazi party, lavishes bribes upon the army and SS officials in charge of procurement. Sponsored by the military, Schindler acquires a factory for the production of army mess kits and cooking paraphernalia. Not knowing much about how to properly run such an enterprise, he gains a contact in Itzhak Stern ( Ben Kingsley ), a functionary in the local Judenrat (Jewish Council) who has contacts with the now-underground Jewish business community in the ghetto. They loan him the money for the factory in return for a small share of products produced (for trade on the black market). Opening the factory, Schindler pleases the Nazis and enjoys his new-found wealth and status as "Herr Direktor," while Stern handles all administration. Stern suggests Schindler hire Jews instead of Poles because they cost less (the Jews themselves get nothing; the wages are paid to the Reich). Workers in Schindler's factory are allowed outside the ghetto, and Stern falsifies documents to ensure that as many people as possible are deemed "essential" by the Nazi bureaucracy, which saves them from being transported to concentration camps, or even being killed. Amon Gth ( Ralph Fiennes ) arrives in Krakow to initiate construction of a labor camp nearby, Paszw. The SS soon liquidates the Krakow ghetto, sending in hundreds of troops to empty the cramped rooms and shoot anyone who protests, is uncooperative, elderly, or infirmed, or for no reason at all. Schindler watches the massacre from the hills overlooking the area, and is profoundly affected. He nevertheless is careful to befriend Gth and, through Stern's attention to bribery, he continues to enjoy the SS's support and protection. The camp is built outside the city at Paszw. During this time, Schindler bribes Gth into allowing him to build a sub-camp for his workers, with the motive of keeping them safe from the depredations of the guards. Eventually, an order arrives from Berlin commanding Gth to exhume and destroy all bodies of those killed in the Krakow ghetto, dismantle Paszw, and to ship the remaining Jews to Auschwitz. Schindler prevails upon Gth to let him keep "his" workers so that he can move them to a factory in his old home of Zwittau-Brinnlitz, in Moravia -- away from the "final solution" now fully under way in occupied Poland. Gth acquiesces, charging a certain amount for each worker. Schindler and Stern assemble a list of workers that should keep them off the trains to Auschwitz. "Schindler's List" comprises these "skilled" inmates, and for many of those in Paszw, being included means the difference between life and death. Schindler also plays a game of high card draw for one worker in particular, Helen Hirsch, who'd been serving as Gth's housekeeper and had been a victim of his continual abuse. Gth is reluctant, hoping to run away with her but knowing that such an action would result in his death as well as hers. He also floats the idea of simply executing her but finally decides to play Schindler for Helen's life. Helen is among those who board the train to Brinnlitz. All of the men on Schindler's list arrive safely at the new site, with the exception to the train carrying the women and the children, which is accidentally redirected to Auschwitz. There, the women are directed to what they believe is a gas chamber; after a harrowing experience where their hair is crudely cut off and they are forced to strip, they see only water falling from the showers. The day after, the women are shown waiting in line for work. In the meantime, Schindler had rushed immediately to Auschwitz to solve the problem and to get the women out of Auschwitz; to this end he bribes the camp commander, Rudolf Hss ( Hans-Michael Rehberg ), with a cache of diamonds so that he is able to spare all the women and the children. However, a last problem arises just when all the women are boarding the train because several SS officers attempt to hold some children back and prevent them from leaving. Schindler, there to personally oversee the boarding, steps in and is successful in obtaining from the officers the release of the children. Once the Schindler women arrive in Zwittau-Brinnlitz, Schindler institutes firm controls on the Nazi guards assigned to the factory; summary executions are forbidden, abuse of the workers is as well and the Nazi guards are not allowed on the factory floor. Schindler also permits the Jews to observe the Sabbath, and spends much of his fortune acquired in Poland bribing Nazi officials. In his home town, he surprises his wife while she's in church during mass, and tells her that she is the only woman in his life (despite having been shown previously to be a womanizer). She goes with him to the factory to assist him. He runs out of money just as the German army surrenders, ending the war in Europe. As a German Nazi and self-described "profiteer of slave labor," Schindler must flee the oncoming Soviet Red Army. After dismissing the Nazi guards to return to their families, he packs a car in the night, and bids farewell to his workers. They give him a letter explaining he is not a criminal to them, together with a ring engraved with the Talmudic quotation, "He who saves the life of one man, saves the world entire." Schindler is touched but deeply distraught, feeling he could've done more to save many more lives. He leaves with his wife during the night, dressed in Polish prisoner clothes, posing as refugees. The Schindler Jews, having slept outside the factory gates through the night, are awakened by sunlight the next morning. A Soviet dragoon arrives and announces to the Jews that they have been liberated by the Red Army. The Jews walk to a nearby town in search of food. A title card informs us that Schindler was declared a "righteous person" by the Yad Vashem of Jerusalem, and himself planted a tree on the Avenue of the Righteous in Israel, which still grows to this day. The fate of Gth is also shown; he was captured near the German town of Bad Tolz and taken back to Paszw where, defiant to the end and announcing his allegiance to Hitler, is hanged for crimes against humanity. As the surviving Schindler Jews walk abreast, the frame changes to another of the Schindler Jews in the present day (in color) at the grave of Oskar Schindler in Israel. The film ends with a procession of now-aged Jews who worked in Schindler's factory, each of whom reverently sets a stone on his grave. The actors portraying the major characters walk hand-in-hand with the people they portrayed, also placing stones on Schindler's grave as they pass. Actor Ben Kingsley escorts the late Itzhak Stern's wife and Caroline Goodall escorts Schindler's wife in her wheelchair. The audience learns that the survivors and descendants of the approximately 1,100 Jews sheltered by Schindler now number over 6,000. The Jewish population of Poland, once numbering in the millions, was at the time of the film's release approximately 4,000. In the final scene, a man (Neeson himself, though his face is not visible) places a pair of roses on the grave, and stands contemplatively over it. 
 The Constant Gardener (2005)761) A widower is determined to get to the bottom of a potentially explosive secret involving his wife's murder, big business, and corporate corruption. In a remote area of Northern Kenya, activist Tessa Quayle is found brutally murdered. Tessa's companion, a doctor, appears to have fled the scene, and the evidence points to a crime of passion. Members of the British High Commission in Nairobi assume that Tessa's widower, their mild-mannered and unambitious colleague Justin Quayle, will leave the matter to them. They could not be more wrong. Haunted by remorse and jarred by rumors of his late wife's infidelities, Quayle surprises everyone by embarking on a personal odyssey that will take him across three continents. Using his privileged access to diplomatic secrets, he will risk his own life, stopping at nothing to uncover and expose the truth - a conspiracy more far-reaching and deadly than Quayle could ever have imagined. focus features Assigned to a new post, reserved British diplomat Justin Quayle relocates to Kenya with his lovely young wife, Tessa, an activist for social justice. When Tessa is found murdered out in the wilderness, circumstances point to her friend, Dr. Arnold Bluhm, but it is soon clear that he's not the killer. Grief-stricken and angry, Justin sets out to uncover the truth behind Tessa's murder -- and in the process, he unearths some disturbing revelations. Tessa, a dynamic and independent activist full of passion and courage, and Justin Quayle, a reserved and unambitious British diplomat, fell in love at first sight, although they did not seem to share many common experiences. However, when Tessa is found brutally murdered in a remote area of Northern Kenya, much to everyone's surprise, Justin summons up the courage to face those who ended her life and now threaten his own. So, Justin begins to meticulously search for the truth about his wife, as slanderous rumours mar Tessa's integrity. Now, Justin finds himself embroiled in a dangerous case of corruption, as the government and the multibillion-dollar pharmaceutical industry exploit the African people. But, can the constant gardener expose the truth and live to tell the tale? Nick Riganas After his wife is murdered in Kenya, Justin Quayle, a mild, low-level diplomat and a constant gardener, must investigate his wife's death, their relationship, and his own heart. In flashbacks, we see them meet, marry, and fall in love; we follow her in the teeming streets and clinics of Nairobi, usually accompanying Arnold Bluhm, a Black doctor with whom she spent the night before her murder, and who, after robbers, is the prime suspect. In his own investigation, Justin must not quail as he faces his memories, his colleagues, local police, hired thugs, and a nasty corporate CEO. Help and connections, as well as conspiracies, come from unexpected places. Murder will out. <jhailey@hotmail.com> British diplomat Justin Quayle meets the impulsive activist Tessa, marries her quickly at her behest and takes her on diplomatic mission in Kenya. When Tessa is brutally murdered, Justin decides to investigate her death against the strong wish of his superiors to let the matter quietly disappear. He discovers a powerful mystery involving the members of the British High Commission and the not-so-savory business practices of the multi-billion dollar pharmaceutical industry. In the process of learning the secrets of his powerful enemies, Justin must learn all of his wife's many secrets as well. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Justin Quayle (Ralph Fiennes), a High-Commissioner delegee into Africa is married to Tessa (Rachel Weisz), a hard-line volunteer. She is killed in a supposedly random armed attack by rebels. As he mourns her, he remembers how he met her, at a journalist's meeting, where she attacked his views mercilessly. She had asked him to take her with him to Africa. He does, and she becomes pregnant. She continues to work outside of home. But when they lose the baby, they both become sad, and start having problems in their marriage. She is constantly telling him that he never takes action to solve the problems of poor African people. When Justin starts investigating, he thinks she didn't really love him, but married him in order to help the desperate African refugees. They are given a new vaccination without being informed what it is supposed to be against, or why. Justin investigates further on, and discovers that a new vaccine Dypraxa is being tested. It causes many deaths, though, and that fact is being kept quiet. Sandy Woodrow (Danny Huston) seems to have been Tessa's lover, but he seems to support the pharmaceuticals' illegal activities because of the millions one of them can earn if they are selling the product first to the world. Justin is threatened in London, when he has to quit his job. He returns to Kenya, where he finds that Arnold Bluhm (Hubert Kound) has been tortured to death. British government minister Bernard Pellegrin (Bill Nighy), Justin's ex-boss, seems to be at the core of the conspiracy. Justin is convinced that he can't win or let the cat out of the bag. Justin returns to the same spot where Tessa was killed. He knows that Crick (Nick Reding) or some African gunmen will kill him. Back in London, many relatives, friends, journalists and politicians gather at Justin's funeral. They say that Justin was a discreet man who committed suicide silently. However, Tessa's cousin reads a letter Justin had sent him before dying, disclosing everything. Pellegrin leaves the place in a rage, being photographed in hundreds of pictures by the few journalists present at the funeral. He speeds off in his official car. The political scandal breaks public; however, the pharmaceutical's shares have gone up in stock markets around the world. 