nm0001166:

 Independence Day (1996)761) The aliens are coming and their goal is to invade and destroy Earth. Fighting superior technology, mankind's best weapon is the will to survive. On July 2nd, communications systems worldwide are sent into chaos by a strange atmospheric interference. It is soon learned by the military that a number of enormous objects are on a collision course with Earth. At first thought to be meteors, they are later revealed to be gigantic spacecraft, piloted by a mysterious alien species. After attempts to communicate with the aliens go nowhere, David Levinson, an ex-scientist turned cable technician, discovers that the aliens are going to attack major points around the globe in less than a day. On July 3rd, the aliens all but obliterate New York, Los Angeles and Washington, as well as Paris, London, Houston and Moscow. The survivors set out in convoys towards Area 51, a strange government testing ground where it is rumored the military has a captured alien spacecraft of their own. The survivors devise a plan to fight back against the enslaving aliens, and July 4th becomes the day humanity will fight for its freedom. July 4th is their Independence Day... Gustaf Molin <gumo@hem2.passagen.se> In the beginning of July, humans received a strange signal, and this has turned into a global phenomenon. A massive spaceshipwdd headed towards Earth and smaller spaceships began to cover entire cities around the world. Suddenly, the wonder turns into horror as the spaceships destroy the cities with energy desa. Then when the world counterattacked, the alien ships are invincible to military weapons. Then the President ofWda the United tStates decides to head to Area 51, to formulate a plan to defeat the aliens. Now the fate of the world rests on a handful of surviving humans.rd John Wiggins On July 2nd, satellite stations experience interference in their systems and the scientists and military believe that it is caused by meteors. Soon they realize that it is originated from the Moon by a huge spacecraft that brings other ones that are positioned over the major cities on Earth including Washington, New York, Los Angeles, Paris, London, Houston and Moscow. World governments do not know the purpose of the alien force. The scientist David Levinson discovers that the aliens are preparing the invasion of Earth, destroying the human species, and he succeeds in reporting to the President of the United States, Thomas J. Whitmore. With an inferior technology, Whitmore and General William Grey decide to give a chance to Levinson's plan of downloading a virus in the computer of the alien spacecraft as the last chance of Earthlings to survive. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil From the cold and pitch-black depths of the boundless space, a silent and insidious menace enters the solar system; grazes the Moon, and violates the Earth's atmosphere: an innumerable spaceship flotilla governed by a hostile and technologically advanced alien life form. As the extraterrestrial adversary's indestructible flying saucers wreak havoc on our planet from end to end killing millions, the end of the human race is near--and what is even more certain--we, the powerless and unprepared earthlings, are utterly defenceless. Once, we dreamed of making contact with otherworldly celestial entities. Now that the all-powerful invaders claim our world, the President of the United States and a handful of good men mad enough to stand up for all mankind must make a heroic last stand against the enemy, on a decisive Fourth of July. Will we survive to see another glorious Independence Day? Nick Riganas The ultimate encounter when mysterious and powerful aliens launch an all out invasion against the human race. The spectacle begins when massive spaceships appear in Earth's skies. But wonder turns to terror as the ships blast destructive beams of fire down on cities all over the planet. Now the world's only hope lies with a determined band of survivors, uniting for one last strike against the invaders - before it's the end of mankind. Official DVD cover Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On July 2, a giant alien mother ship, over 340 miles in diameter (550 km) enters orbit around Earth and deploys several dozen saucer-shaped "destroyer" spacecraft, each 15 miles (24 km) across. The destroyers take positions over many of Earth's major cities, including New York, Washington, D.C., Los Angeles, and Moscow. David Levinson ( Jeff Goldblum ), an MIT graduate working on satellites for a cable company in New York City, discovers a signal hidden satellite transmissions which he believes is a timer counting down to a coordinated attack by the aliens. With the help of his ex-wife Constance Spano ( Margaret Colin ), a White House staffer, David and his father Julius ( Judd Hirsch ) gain entrance to the Oval Office to warn President Thomas J. Whitmore ( Bill Pullman ) of the impending attack. The president immediately orders large-scale evacuations of the targeted U.S. cities, but the aliens attack with advanced directed energy weapons before the evacuations can be completed. The president, his young daughter, portions of his staff, Constance and the Levinsons narrowly escape aboard Air Force One as a destroyer lays waste to Washington D.C. New York City and Los Angeles are both destroyed in the same manner, leaving millions dead. On July 3, the United States conducts a coordinated counterattack; the Black Knights, a squadron of Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornets from El Toro Marine Corps Air Station, participate in an assault on the destroyer that has devastated the city of Los Angeles. Their weapons fail to penetrate the craft's force field, and it responds by releasing scores of smaller "attacker" ships which are similarly shielded and armed with high-energy torpedoes. One-sided dogfights ensue. Captain Steven Hiller ( Will Smith ) manages to evade the guns of the attacker ships and lures a single attacker to the Grand Canyon. There, as his jet is about out of fuel and the attacker is about to overtake him, he deploys the landing chute for his jet and it drapes across the alien craft, temporarily disorienting the pilot. Captain Hiller ejects from his jet. The alien crashes into the top of the canyon wall and lands in the desert. Captain Hiller parachutes to a landing close by and angrily marches over to find and confront whatever life form is in the alien craft. The door to the alien fighter craft pops open and a very bizarre looking creature with tentacles appears. Captain Hiller delivers a right cross and knocks the creature out, saying "Welcome to Earth!!" He sits down and smokes a victory cigar. On board Air Force One, President Whitmore consults his staff, who report that NORAD has been destroyed by the invaders and the Vice President, Whitmore's Cabinet and the Joint Chief have all perished in the attack. Arguing about how they should have issued an executive order to evacuate the major cities that were attacked, David's father suggests that the US government did know about the invaders, having stored some evidence of a previous visit at Area 51 in the Nevada desert. The president is humored and tries to tell Levinson that Area 51 doesn't exist, however, Whitmore's Defense Secretary, Nimziki ( James Rebhorn ), tells the president that the installation does exist. As Hiller is using his parachute to drag the body of the alien across the desert, he is picked up by Russell Casse ( Randy Quaid ), a crop-duster pilot who is traveling across the desert with his kids and a group of refugees in a convoy of RVs. From there they take the captured alien to Area 51, commanded by Major Mitchell ( Adam Baldwin ). Area 51 conceals a top secret facility housing a repaired alien attacker ship and three dead alien bodies. The president arrives and is given a tour by Dr. Brackish Okun ( Brent Spiner ), the head scientist at the facility. Okun tells the group that the aliens' biochemistry is similar to our own, and they can breathe our air. They don't seem to use sound to communicate, however; the Area 51 staff believes they communicate telepathically. Attempts have been under way since the late 1960s to repair the attacker ship and with the arrival of the mother ship, the systems in the attacker have reactivated. When Okun removes an outer biomechanical suit from the alien Hiller captured, the living being inside is revealed. The creature regains consciousness and kills most of the examining crew, and because it has no vocal cords, it makes use of Dr. Okun's voice to communicate with President Whitmore, who is outside the glass windows of the lab. Its first words are "Release me." President Whitmore poses a question to the alien, asking if the people of Earth and their invaders can live in peace. The creature says "No peace." When the president asks the creature what it wants them to do, it responds, "Die." It uses its telepathic powers to invade president's mind, which briefly incapacitates him. The military personnel shoot the alien through the glass, with Major Mitchell stepping through the broken glass and delivering a final head shot. Dr. Okun is left in a coma. During the instant that President Whitmore was immobilized, he was able to read the thoughts of the alien and learned of their plan: they attack planets, kill off any indigenous life, use up the resources, then move on. "They're like locusts," he says. President Whitmore issues very clear orders to "nuke the bastards." B-2 Spirit bombers are deployed, with the first destroyer targeted one that is hovering over a deserted Houston, TX. The weapon explodes, but proves ineffective at penetrating the craft's force field and destroys the city instead; as a result, the president orders the remaining bombers called back. First Lady Marilyn Whitmore ( Mary McDonnell ) had been on a working trip to Los Angeles and got caught up in the destroyer attack there. Captain Hiller's exotic dancer girlfriend, Jasmine Dubrow ( Vivica A. Fox ), rescues Mrs. Whitmore when she comes across the wreckage of the helicopter the first lady had been attempting to escape in. Captain Hiller later finds Jasmine, her son Dylan, and the first lady camped out in the remains of El Toro MCAS and flies them in a helicopter to Area 51. A doctor tells the president that his wife has uncontrollable internal bleeding. When the President goes in to see her, he says, "The doctors say you're gonna be just fine." She smiles and responds softly, "Liar." She dies not long after that. David Levinson is found by his father, drunk and furiously making a mess in the hanger, yelling about how the nuclear attack over Houston will only add to the destruction of Earth. Julius tries to comfort his son, telling him that he's been lax in his faith in Judaism since David's mother died. He tells David to get off the chilly floor so he won't "catch cold". David has an epiphany and wakes up a tech sleeping in the hanger. David has everyone gather in the hanger and demonstrates to the crowd how the attacker ship's shield works. He then activates a program on his laptop, that deactivates the ship's shield, making it effortless for Major Mitchell to shoot a soda can he placed on it. David suggests a plan that involves using the newly operable alien attacker to gain access to the interior of the alien mother ship in space in order to introduce a computer virus that will disable the protective shields around the destroyers and attackers on Earth. Once the computer virus takes effect, the attackers and destroyers will be left vulnerable and a single nuclear weapon could be used to destroy the mothership. Hiller volunteers to pilot the attacker, with Levinson accompanying him to upload the virus to the mother ship. Before the mission, Hiller and Jasmine take a few minutes to get married, with Dylan as ringbearer and David Levinson and Connie Spano as witnesses. David and Connie reconnect during the service and hold hands. With satellite communications knocked out, the Americans must use Morse code to coordinate an attack with the remaining forces around the world, timed to occur when the invaders' shields are set to fail. Lacking enough military pilots to fly all available aircraft, the commanders call for volunteer pilots. Those who step up include President Whitmore and Russell Casse, who both have previous combat flight experience. Hiller and Levinson reach the mother ship and implant the virus. President Whitmore leads the American jet fighters against the alien destroyer approaching Area 51. Although the aliens now lack shields, the squadron's supply of missiles is quickly exhausted against the colossal craft and its large complement of assault ships. The underside of the alien craft opens up as its directed energy weapon prepares to fire on the base. The president fires a missile at the cannon but it connects and explodes with a protective hatch. Just as the squadron is informed that all their missiles have been fired, Russell Casse radios in saying he has one final rocket. As he launches it, his firing mechanism jams; he decides to pilot his aircraft into the alien weapon in a kamikaze attack. The explosion causes a chain reaction which annihilates the ship. Human resistance forces around the world use the same weak point to destroy the remainder of the alien ships. While still on the mother ship, Hiller is unable to disconnect from a docking clamp. Knowing they need to still fire the nuke, the two smoke cigars and thank each other for their efforts. They launch the nuke which penetrates a nearby control center. Hiller's ship is suddenly free and he furiously pilots it toward the portal they entered, narrowly escaping when the doors close. The bomb explodes, instantly destroyed the mother ship. Hiller and Levinson are caught up in the shockwave and debris of the mother ship's explosion, but are able to return to Earth unharmed, crash-landing the alien fighter in the desert close to Area 51. When they emerge from the smoke and dust to join their waiting friends, they're both smoking cigars. The film ends as the everyone watches debris from the mother ship enter the atmosphere like shooting stars. 
 May (2002)321) A socially awkward veterinary assistant with a lazy eye and obsession with perfection descends into depravity after developing a crush on a boy with perfect hands. When May was a child, she was a lonely girl with a lazy eye and without any friends except a strange, homemade doll kept in a glass case given by her mother on her birthday. May becomes a lonely, weird young woman, working in an animal hospital and assisting the veterinarian in surgeries and sewing operated animals most of the time. Her lesbian colleague Polly has a sort of attraction for her. When the shy May meets the mechanic Adam Stubbs, she loves his hands and has a crush on him. They date, but the bizarre behavior of May one night pushes Adam away from her. Alone, May has a brief affair with Polly, but she feels rejected again when her colleague meets Ambrosia. When her doll is accidentally broken, the deranged May decides to build a friend for her, using the best parts her acquaintances can offer. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. May (Angela Bettis) is an awkward, lonely young woman who had a troubled childhood due to her "lazy eye" which caused her to feel abnormal and out of place. As a little girl, May's mother takes her to an eye doctor, who suggests that May wear an eye patch to correct her vision. Unfortunately, this only encourages the other children to look oddly at her, most notably on their first day of school, when one of her fellow students asks her if she is a pirate. She has few long social interactions with people throughout her life with her only "true friend" being a glass-encased doll named Suzy made by her mother and given to May for her birthday. After presenting her with the gift, her mother tells her, "If you can't find a friend, make one." As an adult, May works at a Veterinary Hospital assisting with surgeries in a lower-class section of Los Angeles. May's optometrist fixes her lazy eye, first with eye glasses, then with a special form of contact lens. As May attempts to interact with the people around her, she sees Adam (Jeremy Sisto), a local mechanic, around town and begins to follow him. She times her visits to the local laundromat and her lunch breaks with his in order to meet up with him so she can watch him. The seemingly perfect guy, Adam gets to know May when she finally manages to get the courage to walk up and introduce herself to him, and when she tells him that she's weird, he replies, "That's okay. I like weird". May has a fixation on his hands, which she considers to be the most attractive part of him, and Adam seems to find her attractive as well. They start dating and Adam teaches May to smoke cigarettes, teasing her when he realizes she has never smoked before. He gives her his pack of his cigarettes and tells her to 'practice'. At the same time, May's lesbian colleague Polly (Anna Faris) who works as the receptionist at the vet clinic, begins to show an attraction to May, while at the same time poking fun at her for her oddness. One day while May is feeling especially low, she makes a random remark that Polly has a beautiful neck. Polly then gives her pet cat Loopy to May, ostensibly because of her "bitch" landlord's new rules not to have pets around. One day, Adam shows her a film he made for his university titled 'Jack and Jill'. The black-and-white silent film reveals a story of two young lovers who go on a picnic and end up eating each other. May becomes clearly aroused by the blatant cannibalism in the film and, during what started as an intense session of making out, gets carried away and bites Adam on the lip, causing him to bleed profusely. When Adam reacts in pain and asks her for a towel, May seems to like seeing his blood on her, saying it's like his movie and doesn't recognize how alarmed he is. Adam is finally disturbed by May's strange personality and leaves. May feels guilty and blames her doll Suzy (who frightened Adam upon viewing her) for encouraging her to make bad choices. She shouts at her and shoves her in the cupboard. After Adam stops calling her (weirded out because she drew blood while they were kissing), May goes to his house and accidentally overhears him and a friend calling her a lunatic and saying he's glad he could get rid of her. Heartbroken, May goes home and gets a message from Polly inviting her over. At about this time, May finally gives in to Polly's wiles and starts a romantic affair with her. May then inquires about working at a school for disabled children, specifically for looking after the blind children she saw playing in the park near her workplace. She is especially interested in a lonely girl named Petey, who she feels she can identify with. The little girl also likes May so she gives her an ashtray made of clay with May's name carved into the center of it. Later that night, May is at the laundromat and cheerfully greets Adam who comes in unexpectedly, telling him she's making new friends and showing him Polly's kitty Loopy, who she brought in her laundry basket. Adam is polite but subdued, and tells her his machine is broken and he'll have to go to another laundromat. After he leaves, saying he'll see her around, May goes over to his "broken" machine and tries it, realizing after it works fine that he just didn't want to talk to her. The following day, May goes to see Polly, only to find that she's with another girl. Polly makes it clear she's till interested in May, but apparently wants to see other girls too. Returning home after trying to conceal her hurt, May's totally miserable and when Loopy refuses to come near her, she becomes enraged and throws the clay ashtray at the cat, striking her on the head and killing her. Over time, May further isolates herself in her apartment becoming more and more delusional, thinking that her doll Suzy is talking to her through a series of crackles from her glass case (shades of 'Repulsion'). Soon, May tries to phone Adam, and he says he can't see her that night and tells her not to wait when she offers to. During the conversation, Suzy's case is shown cracking and May acts like she can hear Suzy interrupting her phone conversation. May thinks that this somehow signifies that Suzy is jealous of Adam and does not want May to be near him. By the next day, she forgives Suzy and decides that she's probably her only real friend. Later, she goes to the school for blind kids and shows them Suzy, telling them that that is her best friend. The children cannot see it, so they want to touch it. May tries to keep the doll away (as Suzy is delicate) and struggles with the kids until the doll falls and the glass case shatters into pieces all around the floor. The children begin to crawl about looking for the doll, and the glass cuts into their hands and knees. May also gets down on the floor to rescue Suzy, cutting herself in the process. She is covered in not only her blood, but the blood of the children as well. Carrying the now-destroyed, blood-covered Suzy, May returns home. She is devastated at all the things that have happened to her. She even scratches her irritated eyes, and then falls asleep on her couch with the remains of the doll around her. She wakes up to a phone message from Polly, saying she's worried about May because she hasn't shown up at work. When May looks in the mirror, she sees her eyes are bloody and begins wearing her glasses instead of contacts again while they heal. The following day, May is sitting on a bench at a local bus stop when a punk boy named Blank (James Duval) sits besides her and begins talking to her. He becomes interested in her odd remarks about people not being entirely perfect but only having perfect "parts". May doesn't like him at first, but then warms to him when he says he just wants to be friendly and tells him she likes the tattoo he has on his arm. They go to May's apartment and Blank begins flirting with her. When he goes to the freezer to get ice, he finds the cat's corpse wrapped in plastic wrap. Flabbergasted, he begins to panic and calls May a freak, infuriating her; she finally breaks down and stabs him in the head with a pair of scissors. May is shown afterwards with swipes of Blank's blood on her and is calmly smoking a cigarette while she remembers attacking him. Suddenly, she realizes that the people she had known as her friends were not friends at all; there were only parts of them that she considered 'friends'. She simply comes to the conclusion that a perfect friend can only be made of all the perfect parts of the people she thought were her friends. On Halloween night, May dresses up in a homemade costume similar to Suzy's dress, along with straightening her hair out as well as putting on white facial powder, making her face pasty white, as well as blood-red lipstick. She rents a large ice cooler hooked up to a dolly, and goes out. May first goes over to Polly's house. (Note: from this point, May also adopts a "normal" manner and attitude, very unlike her usual innocent, stammering, child-like behavior; she starts talking to all people who interact with her in a cold, impassive tone of voice.) At Polly's house, May and Polly carry on a normal conversation about work until May pulls out a couple of scalpels that she stole from the animal hospital and puts them in each side of Polly's neck. Polly laughs at her, thinking this is a joke and stating that she knows that May would never hurt her until May suddenly slashes her neck, much to Polly's astonishment before dying. A little later, Ambrosia, Polly's other lover, arrives at the house, irritated at May's presence. May admires her legs and asks her to turn around for her. Ambrosia accepts, but not without calling her a freak and making derisive comments about her and Polly's previous relationship. After this, May stabs her on both sides of her head. Lastly, May goes to Adam's house. When she arrives there, she finds that Adam is with another girl called Hoop (for her hoop earrings) who lets May come in, much to Adam's annoyance. They sit at the table, and May asks Adam to touch her face. Adam refuses, something which leads into a discussion between May and Hoop, who tells her that Adam's hands are hers now. Adam, who's a little hungover and not feeling well, gets impatient with both women and says he wants May to leave, after which she stands and asks him again to touch her face. He indignantly pokes May's forehead, at which point May stabs Hoop in the neck. Adam walks back and screams in horror, but May stabs him in the stomach. Back at home, May starts designing her "new friend", which is basically a Frankenstein-like thing made from her deceased friends whose body parts she keeps in the cooler she's carrying around. She uses Blank's arms, Polly's neck, Adam's hands, Ambrosia's legs, Hoop's earrings (still on her severed ears), and Loopy's fur, to substitute hair. The head and torso are simply different scraps of fabric stitched together and stuffed, while the other appendages are finally sewn together. May then changes out of her Suzy costume, washes herself off, and reverts back to her old child-like personality. Once the macabre "body", named Amy - taken from the letters in May's name, which was written on the now-destroyed ashtray - is finished, she realizes that Amy can't actually see her. So, in a rush of misery, she stabs her right eye (the lazy one) with the scissors. Crying in pain, she puts it on the head of Amy and sobbingly begs for the thing to look at her. Exasperated and in pain, May leans her head against Amy's shoulder. In her pain and psychological meltdown, May sees her friend suddenly come to life and touch her face lovingly, with Adam's treasured hands. May smiles. 
 Donnie Darko (2001)761) After narrowly escaping a bizarre accident, a troubled teenager is plagued by visions of a man in a large rabbit suit who manipulates him to commit a series of crimes. Donnie Darko doesn't get along too well with his family, his teachers, and his classmates; but he does manage to find a sympathetic friend in Gretchen, who agrees to date him. He has a compassionate psychiatrist, who discovers hypnosis is the means to unlock hidden secrets. His other companion may not be a true ally. Donnie has a friend named Frank, a large bunny which only Donnie can see. When an engine falls off a plane and destroys his bedroom, Donnie is not there. Both the event, and Donnie's escape, seem to have been caused by supernatural events. J. Spurlin Taking place during an election year in the late 1980s, this movie tells the story of a troubled teenager who receives disturbing visions from a tall bunny rabbit telling him the world will soon come to an end. Seeking answers, Donnie investigates time travel in an attempt to turn back the clock and prevent the world's seemingly impending doom, actions which pose bizarre and life-changing results. Cole Matthews Troubled adolescent Donnie Darko receives a disturbing vision that the world will end in twenty-eight days. With the help of various characters, including a six-foot rabbit called Frank, he slowly discovers the mysterious physical and metaphysical laws that govern his life and that will lead up to the destruction of the universe. Benjamin Conway A troubled teenager, Donnie Darko, escapes death when a jet engine crashes in his bedroom, because he follows a giant bunny leading him outside. The bunny, called Frank, tells him that the world will end in twenty-eight days. As the final date comes closer and closer, Donnie is drawn into an alarming series of events that may or may not be a product of growing insanity. Mio During the Presidential election of 1988, a teenager named Donnie Darko sleepwalks out of his house one night, and sees a giant, demonic-looking rabbit named Frank, who tells him the world will end in twenty-eight days, six hours, forty-two minutes, and twelve seconds. He returns home the next morning to find that a jet engine has crashed through his bedroom. As he tries to figure out why he survived and tries to deal with people in his town, like the school bully, his conservative health teacher, and a self-help guru, Frank continues to turn up in Donnie's mind, causing him to commit acts of vandalism and worse. MTRodaba2468 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Donnie Darko (Jake Gyllenhall) is a troubled teenager in suburban Maryland. A schizophrenic with a history of violence, he has recently stopped taking his medication and as a result is sleepwalking. His parents, Rose and Eddie (Mary McDonnell and Holmes Osborne) and his sisters, Elizabeth and Samantha (Maggie Gyllenhall and Daveigh Chase), worry about him. One night at dinner, Donnie and his sister get into a profane argument during which Elizabeth reveals she knows Donnie is no longer taking his medication. Rose confronts Donnie in his bedroom and he calls her a bitch. Guilty, Donnie resumes taking his medication. On October 2nd, however, he sleepwalks and meets Frank, a man in a menacing bunny costume. Frank tells him that in 28 days, 6 hours, 42 minutes and12 seconds, the world will end. That night, a jet engine mysteriously crashes through the roof of the Darkos' house, destroying Donnie's room. Had he not been sleepwalking, he would have been killed. On the way to the office of Dr. Thurman (Katherine Ross), Donnie's therapist, Donnie and Eddie nearly run over Roberta Sparrow, also known as "Grandma Death" (Patience Cleveland). A senile old woman who spends her days walking back and forth from her house to the mailbox across the street, Grandma Death whispers in Donnie's ear that all that lives ultimately dies alone. This greatly troubles Donnie, who worries that life has no meaning. A few days later, Frank appears to Donnie in a hallucination and encourages him to flood the private high school he attends by breaking open the water main with an ax. Donnie also embeds the ax in the head of the school's solid bronze statue of its mascot and spraypaints "They made me do it" on the sidewalk. School is canceled that day and Donnie walks home Gretchen (Jena Malone), the new girl in school. She reveals that her stepfather nearly killed her mother and is still on the loose. Donnie reveals his own troubled past as well as his intelligence. Gretchen decides that Donnie is weird and that this makes him attractive. They agree to become a couple. Donnie has a troubled relationship with the faculty at his high school. Ms. Pomeroy (Drew Barrymore) appreciates his intellect and ability to engage with and understand the difficult material she assigns them to read in English class. The science teacher, Mr. Monnitoff (Noah Wyle), finds him a little more troubling, and Kitty Farmer (Beth Grant), the high strung and socially conservative health instructor, is offended that he questions her use of self-help tapes in class. After he profanely rejects her use of the simplistic methods espoused by local celebrity Jim Cunningham (Patrick Swayze), Donnie finds himself suspended from afterschool activities. When Donnie verbally assaults Cunningham during an appearance at the high school, he gets in even deeper trouble. Although the administration suspects that Donnie is indeed responsible for the vandalism, he is never charged. Frank continues to appear to Donnie and tells Donnie that they can do anything and won't get caught. Frank also tells Donnie about time travel, further confusing him. Soon, Donnie sees tubes of fluid light extending out of his family's chests, indicating where they will go. His own tube beckons him to follow as it enters his parents' room and reveals the gun his father keeps in a box in the closet. Donnie speaks about time travel with Mr. Monnitoff who gives him a book, The Philosophy of Time Travel written by Roberta Sparrow. She used to be a nun and a teacher at the high school. However, the climate at the school is becoming increasingly conservative as Kitty Farmer leads a protest against Ms. Pomeroy's choice of reading material; one of the stories she had assigned, Graham Greene's The Destructors features teenagers who destroy a man's house by flooding it. Ms. Pomeroy is fired and Mr. Monnittoff, who is also her boyfriend, refuses to discuss time travel with Donnie once his questions take a theological direction. Gretchen and Donnie grow closer. She is one of the few people he opens up to about his time travel visions, and they discuss how they wish they could travel back in time and prevent the bad things in their lives from happening. Dr. Thurman increases Donnie's medication and begins hypnotherapy with him. But Frank continues to appear to Donnie. One night, Donnie and Gretchen go to see a horror movie. Gretchen falls asleep and Frank appears. When Donnie asks Frank to remove his bunny suit, Frank asks Donnie to remove his human suit, then acquiesces and takes the head off, revealing a young adult with a gruesome wound in his right eye. When Donnie asks about the cause of the eye wound, Frank whispers "I am so sorry" and then directs Donnie's attention to the movie screen. A portal opens, revealing Jim Cunningham's house. Frank tells Donnie to burn it to the ground. Donnie leaves the sleeping Gretchen in the theatre and does as Frank tells him to. He is not caught, and firefighters discover a kiddie porn dungeon in a hidden room in the mansion. Cunningham is arrested the next morning. Kitty Farmer, a friend and devoted follower of Cunningham's, decides she must lead his public defense and asks Rose to accompany the school's dance team, Sparkle Motion, to Los Angeles to appear on Star Search. Samantha is Sparkle Motion's lead dancer and, against her better judgment, Rose agrees. Because Eddie is away on business, this means Elizabeth and Donnie are on their own. Elizabeth is accepted into Harvard, and she and Donnie decide to throw a Halloween party to celebrate. The night of the party (October 30), Gretchen comes to Donnie's house for safety because her mother has suddenly disappeared. Donnie comforts her and they make love, ignoring phone calls from Donnie's desperate therapist (who knows that Donnie is responsible for the vandalism to the high school and Jim Cunningham's house) and Rose, who calls to announce that Sparkle Motion won their initial Star Search competition and that they will return on a red eye flight that night. At midnight, Donnie has another hallucination about the fluid light tunnels. He realizes that the 28 days have passed, and that only 6 hours remain until the end of the world. Convinced that Grandma Death is in some way connected to Frank, Donnie persuades Gretchen and two other friends to go with him to her house. When they get there, they are assaulted by the high school's resident bullies (Alex Greenwald and Seth Rogen). Gretchen is thrown dazed into the road, where she is struck and killed by a car driven by Frank (James Duval), Elizabeth's boyfriend who is on his way to their Halloween party. Frank is wearing the creepy bunny costume that Donnie's hallucination wears. Donnie uses his father's gun to shoot Frank in the right eye, killing him, then carries Gretchen's body to his home. He steals the car keys from a sleeping Elizabeth and, taking Gretchen with him, drives into the hills above town. From that vantage point, Donnie can see a time tunnel forming over the town. The red eye flight carrying Rose and Sparkle Motion enters the turbulence created by the time tunnel, and one of the engines on the jet breaks free and falls into the tunnel. Donnie looks at Gretchen with love and then drives into the time tunnel. It is October 2. Donnie lies in bed, laughing, happy. Shortly after he goes to sleep, the jet engine from the red eye flight on October 30 crashes through the roof, killing him. Throughout town, Dr. Thurman, Mr. Monnitoff, Kitty Farmer, Jim Cunningham and Frank all are suddenly troubled and sad. The next morning, Gretchen rides her bike to the Darkos' house. Elizabeth, Eddie and Samantha stand sobbing as Donnie's corpse is taken away, while Rose smokes a cigarette a few feet away, doing her best to deal with the fact that her last encounter with her troubled son was the unpleasant confrontation in his bedroom. Gretchen finds out from a young boy what had happened and who the family is, as she had never met Donnie. Touched by the tragedy, she shyly waves to Rose. Touched by a stranger's act of kindness, Rose waves back. 
 Gone in 60 Seconds (2000)761) A retired master car thief must come back to the industry and steal fifty cars with his crew in one night to save his brother's life. In exchange for his little brother's life, the reformed car thief, Randall "Memphis" Raines, has to do the impossible: in less than three days, he has to steal not one, but fifty exotic supercars for the ruthless crime lord, Ray Calitri. To stand a chance of pulling off this intricate and time-sensitive grand theft auto, once more, Memphis has to rely on his old gang--his knowledgeable mentor, Otto; the old friends, Sphinx and Donny; his reluctant ex-girlfriend, Sway, and a band of tech-savvy young thieves--however, the police are already onto them. Now, fast Lamborghinis, precious Ferraris, luxurious Porsches, and Eleanor--a rare Ford Shelby Mustang GT500--are just some of the cars in Raines' long list. Can Memphis execute the perfect car heist? Nick Riganas Car theft in Long Beach went down 47% when Randall "Memphis" Raines walked away from the life. He gets dragged back into it by assuming the job his brother Kip screwed up for stolen-car broker Raymond Calitri: steal 50 exotic cars and have them on a container ship by 8 AM Friday morning, and he got this news on a Monday. With Calitri threatening to kill him and Kip, and the police GRAB unit breathing down his neck, Memphis reassembles his old crew and attempts to pull off the logistically impossible. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> Memphis Raines must return to the world of auto theft after his brother breaches a contract with a Russian crime lord to deliver high end cars. Memphis must get a gang together for a one night 'boost' to grab all the cars while avoiding apprehension by the auto theft cop who trailed him years before. FMJ_Joker Kip Raines, a young car thief, was contracted to steal 50 specific cars but something went wrong. Now the man who hired him, Raymond Calitri, wants his head. When his brother, Memphis, once a great car thief, who retired a few years ago, learns of this, he comes back to town to see if he can help his brother. The only thing that will appease Calitri is if the order is fulfilled. So Memphis has to assemble his old crew, and he has to do the job in a few days. And a cop who hounded him, upon learning of his return, is keeping an eye on him. And another car thief, whom he competed with before wants to get the Calitri job, and is telling Memphis to back off, but he won't. rcs0411@yahoo.com Legendary car thief/booster Randall "Memphis" Raines retired from the criminal life in 1994. Now six years later after Auto Theft in the greater Los Angeles/Long Beach district went down by 47%, his brother, Kip Raines takes over "the job", employed by British car broker Raymond Calitri. When one night Kip messes up stealing some cars, Memphis gets called back to the life he got out of. His most impossible mission: Steal 50 exotic cars all over Los Angeles and Long Beach in just one night and deliver them to Long Beach Harbor, Pier 14 by 8:00am, Friday morning, on the button, or never see his brother again. And so Memphis and Kip, with the help of longtime friend Otto Halliwell reassembles his old crew which includes sexy Sara "Sway" Wayland", a renegade white-haired mechanic by day, bartender by night, to pull off the biggest mission ever. The only problem is the LAPD G.R.A.B. (Governor's Regional Auto-Theft Bureau). It's on the lookout and Det. Roland Castlebeck and his partner, Det. Drycoff are keeping close eyes on Memphis and his team. Can the team pull this assignment off and collect $200,000 in cash? Will Kip finally realize that car boosting is dangerous? And can Memphis escape Castlebeck and the cops? It's a long shot and it's going to be one hell of a long night, but they may have a chance. Cut to the chase. Christopher Howell (Ckh87520@aol.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Randall "Memphis" Raines, a notorious Los Angeles car thief, has left his life of crime behind him and gone straight, teaching Go-Kart Racing for kids in Central California. His younger brother, Kip Raines, has nevertheless followed in his footsteps and is in the midst of stealing 50 high-end cars for a British gangster, Raymond Calitri. One night after stealing a Porsche, Kip spies a beautiful woman in the passenger seat of another car, and to impress her, challenges her date to a race. This chase attracts the attention of the police, who follow Kip to the warehouse where the stolen cars are being stored. Kip and his gang flee from the police in time, but the boost is ruined, the cars are impounded and Calitri is infuriated. Calitri kidnaps Kip. Atley Jackson, Memphis' long-time friend, takes him to see Calitri, who threatens to kill Kip and Memphis if they don't steal the required 50 cars in three days, when they are due on a ship headed to South America. With no choice but to steal the cars, Memphis gathers a rag-tag crew of car thieves including Atley, autobody shop owner Otto Halliwell, DMV employee Donny Astricky, a mute mortician known as The Sphinx, and Memphis' ex-girlfriend, mechanic/bartender Sara "Sway" Wayland. Kip insists on helping with his young crew members Tumbler, Mirror Man, Freb, and Toby. They use Otto's shop as headquarters for the heist, and Toby hacks the DMV database to locate the cars on the list, which are all given female nicknames. The last car on the list, dubbed Eleanor, is a customized 1967 Mustang GT that has repeatedly brought trouble for Memphis. LAPD Detectives Castlebeck and Drycoff of the Governor's Regional Auto Theft Bureau investigate the case. At the abandoned warehouse, Castlebeck notices mysterious shattered glass. They hear Memphis is back in town and pay him a visit, but he claims he is merely visiting for a family emergency and will soon be leaving. The detectives remain suspicious. The three Mercedes impounded by the police all require laser-cut keys, which are impossible to clone. Drycoff discovers that all were purchased from a Newport dealer, Dressner Foreign Motors, which has only one ex-con working there, who happens to handle replacing lost keys from the manufacturer in Germany. They confront him and threaten to arrest him for grand theft auto unless he cooperates. He agrees to contact them if the person who paid him for the replacement keys returns, which he does, as they predict. The police set up surveillance on the three Mercedes. While parked in a minivan four doors down, Castlebeck and Drycoff spot the Raines brothers, who just take photos of the Mercedes in the driveway. The Raines brothers are accosted by some gang members who accused Memphis of stealing the job from Calitri. The brothers take shelter in a diner, where members of the California Highway Patrol are eating. Memphis distracts a truck driver while Kip chains his truck to the gang members' chassis. When he drives away, he pulls their car apart and they pull their weapons. The CHiPS run out and arrest the gang members for illegal guns. Freb, eager to prove himself, steals a 1983 Cadillac Eldorado when he spots it in a bad neighborhood with the keys left inside. Unfortunately, it turns out to be a car used by drug dealers and contains heroin in the trunk. Before they can get rid of the car, Castlebeck arrives at Otto's shop. He remarks that the other cars in the shop are classics and questions why anybody would invest money to restore an '83 Eldorado. While calling to check if the car had been reported stolen, Castlebeck notices that the call signs of the police units working that night are written down, indicating when their second heist is happening. Memphis is worried, realizing the police are breathing down their necks. The heist begins smoothly, and one by one, the cars are stolen and driven to the Long Beach Naval Shipyard, where they are immediately hidden in containers to be loaded onto the cargo ship. Castlebeck and Drycoff continue their surveillance on the three Mercedes and return to the parked minivan in the neighborhood, four houses down from the Mercedes. But they are forced to improvise when another minivan parks in the driveway next to them, blocking their view of the Mercedes, and they park their car closer. When Memphis arrives, he stops just before he opens the car door when he realizes the minivan from the photos is now two doors down, not four. Memphis calls Astricky, about to steal another Mercedes from outside the casino, and tells him the Mercedes are under surveillance. The whole deal will be off if they do not have every single car on the list. As they still have the replacement keys from the Mercedes impounded by the police, they decide to steal the cars from the police impound lot. Mirror Man causes a distraction and they successfully steal the three Mercedes. Detectives Castlebeck and Drycoff are told by a coworker from the Homicide Unit to back off Calitri, as he is under investigation for murder. A despondent Castlebeck receives a report from the lab about the shattered glass, identifying it as a black light. He and Drycoff go to the abandoned warehouse with functional black lights and discover the original list of cars. Knowing Memphis' past with Eleanor, Castlebeck realizes that the 1967 Mustang will be last on the list and their best chance for catching him in the act. Defying Memphis' orders not to deviate from the exact plan, Toby follows Kip and Tumbler to a suburban home where they plan to steal a Cadillac Escalade. Toby wanders outside the garage and is spotted by a young woman, who raises the alarm that the car is being stolen. A private security guard pursues them and fires at the SUV, wounding Toby. Atley takes Toby to a shady doctor he knows, who saves his life, no questions asked. Castlebeck and Drycoff arrive just as Memphis is boosting Eleanor, and begin a long pursuit through Long Beach. He manages to evade the police and arrives with a very beat up Eleanor shortly after the deadline of 8 p.m. Calitri refuses to take the car and instead orders his henchmen to kill Memphis, whose life is saved at the last minute by Kip and Atley. Memphis goes after Calitri and pursues him in a large warehouse at the Navy Yard, where Castlebeck and Drycoff join the pursuit, guns drawn. When Calitri corners Castlebeck and is about to kill him, Memphis arrives and saves Castlebeck's life by kicking Calitri, who falls over the railing several stories to his death. In gratitude, Castlebeck allows Memphis to leave, but first Memphis tells him where he can find the 49 boosted cars in the yard. Later, the gang gathers to celebrate with a barbecue at Otto's shop, where Kip presents Memphis with an old, rusted out "Eleanor" awaiting to be refurbished. 