nm0000948:

 Iron Man 3 (2013)761) When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the Mandarin, he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution. Marvel's "Iron Man 3" pits brash-but-brilliant industrialist Tony Stark/Iron Man against an enemy whose reach knows no bounds. When Stark finds his personal world destroyed at his enemy's hands, he embarks on a harrowing quest to find those responsible. This journey, at every turn, will test his mettle. With his back against the wall, Stark is left to survive by his own devices, relying on his ingenuity and instincts to protect those closest to him. As he fights his way back, Stark discovers the answer to the question that has secretly haunted him: does the man make the suit or does the suit make the man? Jawadjee The events of Loki's attack on New York City has left Tony Stark a completely changed man. Now saddled with a severe case of insomnia and post traumatic stress disorder, Tony spends his sleepless nights the only way he knows how - coming up with new prototypes for the Iron Man suit. But now new events require that Tony suit up again. A villainous mad man known only as the Mandarin has staged a horrible attack on the Chinese Theater in Los Angeles, and is coming for Tony. An angry Tony wants to confront the Mandarin face to face, who proceeds to stage an attack on Tony's Malibu mansion and leaves him with absolutely nothing - no Pepper, no toys except for a defunct Iron Man prototype called the MK42, and he's stranded in the middle of Tennessee. Tony believes the attack on the Chinese Theater and an attack on a small town in Tennessee are related. As he puts the pieces together and tries to get the MK42 working, he discovers far more sinister forces at work greater than the Mandarin himself. But how does an event from Tony's past fit in with the events of the present? halo1k In Malibu California, Tony Stark has insomnia and over 72 hours he develops the new prototype MK42 of the Iron Man armature. He also recalls events in 1999, in Bern, Switzerland, when he had one night stand with the genetic scientist Maya Hansen that was researching a regenerative process and made fun of his fan Aldrich Killian on the New Year eve. There are explosions in Los Angeles and the terrorist Mandarin assumes the attempts broadcasting through television. When Tony's bodyguard and friend Happy Hogan is seriously wounded in an explosion, Tony Stark challenges Mandarin and gives his address to him. However, three helicopters attack his mansion and he loses everything but his prototype, and he awakes in the Tennessee. Tony tries to make work the defective prototype and soon he discovers that the event from 1999 is connected to the present terrorist attacks. ahmetkozan After saving New York from an alien invasion, billionaire Tony Stark buries himself deeper into his work by building a ton of new and improved Iron Man suits. He also starts having constant nightmares and doesn't know why. But deep in the shadows, a new menace called the Mandarin starts orchestrating a series of terrorist attacks all over the world. When his home is demolished and his suits are destroyed, Stark begins a personal journey to finding out the truth about the bombings and tracking down whoever is truly responsible. Little does Stark know however is that someone else from his past has his own plans against him and proves to be even more powerful than Stark realizes. Blazer346 Tony Stark (Robert Downey, Jr.) wrestles with inner demons while contending with monsters of his own creation in this sequel from writer\director Shane Black. The story in Iron Man 3 picks up shortly after the events of The Avengers. Having previously entered another dimension in order to save New York City, Tony remains deeply haunted by the experience. Unable to sleep, he throws himself into his work with such intensity that it begins to take a heavy toll on both his mental health and his relationship with Pepper Potts (Gwyneth Paltrow). Tony has only started to appreciate the gravity of his problems when an enigmatic terrorist named the Mandarin (Ben Kingsley) hijacks the airwaves and threatens to bring America to its knees with a painful series of "lessons" that even President Ellis (William Sadler) won't be able to ignore. When Tony's former security guard Happy Hogan (Favreau) is badly injured in an explosion caused by one of the Mandarin's agents, the vengeful playboy issues a public threat that results in his home being completely destroyed in a devastating attack, leaving him to face his enemy with only one badly damaged prototype suit. Fortunately, Tony isn't on his own, and with the help of Col. James Rhodes (Don Cheadle) and a young boy named Harley (Ty Simpkins), he pieces together the mystery of the Mandarin, whose final "lesson" promises to be the most painful of all.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Tony ( Robert Downey Jr. ) narrating a story about how we create our own demons. In a flashback to New Year's Eve 1999, Tony, meets a botanical scientist named Maya Hansen ( Rebecca Hall ) in Bern, Switzerland, and arrogantly avoids crippled nerdy scientist Aldrich Killian ( Guy Pearce ), who wants Tony's backing in his endeavor, Advanced Idea Mechanics (AIM). Maya has an experimental plant. Maya has been working on experimental (and in some cases unethical) biological research in plants that causes their DNA to change drastically and has the power to cure incurable diseases and paralysis. In December 2012, it has been quite some time after the events of New York City and the Avengers Initiative (from 'The Avengers') when Iron Man/Tony Stark saved New York. A haunted Tony Stark has obsessively built several Iron Man suits in his mansion. Tony works on a new model, the Mark 42, which is modular; all the suit pieces fly to him and recombine. The first attempt at making the MK42 work is met with a funk version of "Jingle Bells" with Tony dancing while the pieces are coming at him. As per the course, Tony of course completely ignores any safety measures that JARVIS takes. It ends rather poorly when Tony is thrown across the room attempting flight with the MK42 and it shatters into pieces. JARVIS of course gloats with an "I told you so" moment. Tony then continues his story about creating demons. He then talks about how he turned on the TV to find a new terrorist at work called "The Mandarin" (Ben Kingsley). The Mandarin hijacks American airwaves and makes his American debut by taking credit for the bombing of a US military station in Kuwait that killed the wives and children of soldiers out on maneuvers. President Ellis's initial response to the Mandarin however makes him the butt of the jokes of late night talk show hosts: It seems the only thing that he's able to come up with is to take the MK8, the suit worn by Colonel James Rhodes ( Don Cheadle ) and formerly known as "War Machine" and have it repainted, rebranded, and reintroduced as "The Iron Patriot". Tony later asks Rhodes in a restaurant what's really going on with the Mandarin. Rhodes tells Tony that while the media and the press only know of three bombings attributed to the Mandarin, there have been at least six more that have taken place off the books. Rhodes explains that he's now operating MK8 as the "Iron Patriot" (formerly known as War Machine). While the two are coming to an agreement that the name chosen was horrible, Tony is confronted by a group of kids who want his autograph. Tony jokes that the boy looks very much like Ralphie from A Christmas Story. The girl asks how Tony was able to escape the worm hole in New York, causing him to freak out. Tony makes a B-line for his Iron Man suit and enters, JARVIS explains that Tony is suffering a massive anxiety attack. Back at Stark Industries, Pepper Potts ( Gwyneth Paltrow ) goes to meet her 4:00 appointment. The appointment is Aldrich Killian, who has improved his condition; he's in much better physical shape and his disability seems to be completely gone. Aldrich wants Stark Industries' backing in his think tank called "Advanced Idea Mechanics". AIM's goal is a biological experiment called "Extremis" which harnesses' the brain's power to alter human DNA. He then shows Pepper a large holographic reconstruction of his brain and how Extremis can utilize parts of the brain that would otherwise go unused. Pepper tells Aldrich that Stark Industries isn't interested in funding AIM because the ideas could be translate into human weapons. Happy Hogan ( Jon Favreau ) has found a new career as the head of security at Stark Industries although he's annoying nearly 99% of the company's personnel and visitors with his penchant for requiring everybody to wear badges. Pepper explains that complaints against him have risen nearly 200% since he started working there (which Happy takes as a compliment). Pepper drives home and Tony has a huge stuffed bunny for her as her Christmas gift. However, he is busy working and Pepper isn't greeted by Tony, but by another remote-controlled prototype of the Iron Man suit, leaving Pepper upset. Tony has developed a heads-up-display (HUD) and is using it as a remote control. That night while asleep, Tony experiences PTSD-induced trauma about what happened in New York. They're then startled when one of the new prototype Iron Man suits is awakened and has made its' way into the bedroom. Tony then immediately dismantles it. A frustrated Pepper tells Tony that she's going to sleep downstairs and has him "tinker with that" after he explains to Pepper that he's been a complete mess since the events in New York and has been unable to sleep. The next day Happy follows one of Killian's men, Eric Savin ( James Badge Dale ), to the Grauman's Chinese Theater. Savin gives another man, Jack Taggart, a briefcase. Happy tries to intercede but is beaten senseless by Savin, and seconds later, Taggart overheats and explodes, leaving behind only his old dog tags. Happy is severely injured, while Savin walks away. Hours later, the Mandarin hijacks the TV airwaves to take responsibility for the blast. Tony is now furious over Happy, who has been left comatose by the bombing. After visiting the hospital to check on Happy, and to make sure that all of the hospital employees were wearing badges while in Happy's room (not to mention make sure that the TV is playing Downton Abbey (2010) , Happy's favorite show), Tony is mobbed by reporters. One of them blatantly asks if Tony is going to kill this guy. A frustrated Tony then asks the reporters if that's what they really want, then issues his threat to the Mandarin saying that he just died and gives his home address on TV, egging on the Mandarin to carry out an attack on his home and that he'll be ready. Tony then angrily destroys the reporter's tape recorder and tells the mob of reporters to bill him. While at home, Tony has JARVIS bring up a hologram diagram of the destruction at Grauman's Chinese Theater. While JARVIS is analyzing the attack, Tony discovers that Happy is pointing to a curious oddity of military dog tags with the name "Jack Taggart" etched onto them. Since there was no active military personnel at the blast, Tony wonders exactly what the dog tags are doing there. JARVIS then analyzes the latest Mandarin attack and compares with past incidents. This blast at the theater bears resemblance to an incident that happened four years ago in Rose Hill, Tennessee, and predates any known Mandarin attack, where an ex-army soldier named Chad Davis blew himself up, taking five people with him. Tony asks JARVIS if he's ever been to Tennessee. JARVIS then creates a flight path for the Iron Man suit. He's interrupted when the doorbell rings. A paranoid Tony wonders why he's getting visitors since he told JARVIS that the house is on complete and total lock down. The visitor turns out not to be the Mandarin, but Dr. Maya Hansen, who believes Tony is in danger. A freaked out Pepper is arguing with Maya and just as that's happening, the house is attacked by three helicopter gunships disguised as news choppers. Tony commands the MK42 suit to cover and protect Pepper. Pepper and Maya survive the attack. Tony gets the MK42 back and manages to destroy two of the helicopters, but down on power he cannot fly. The house crumbles into the sea, taking Tony with it. The suit regains some power and flies off, unseen. Tony passes out. Sometime later, Tony awakens in the suit when JARVIS sets off the low battery alarm. He then sees he's plummeting towards the ground and crashes into a snowy forest at full speed. Initially, he thinks he's in Northern California, but JARVIS informs him that he's actually five miles outside of Rose Hill, Tennessee. Tony is exasperated, but JARVIS reminds him that he asked for a flight plan to be made. With no more power, JARVIS shuts itself down. Tony trudges through the snow, dragging the MK42 along with him. He stops at a gas station, where he uses a payphone to call Pepper, then steals a Poncho off a cigar store mannequin. Tony then drags the MK42 to a seemingly empty house nearby. Inside, he immediately begins work on repairing the MK42. But the house isn't empty. It's occupied by a lonely 10 year old kid named Harley Keener ( Ty Simpkins ), who is stunned to find Tony working in his garage. Tony asks Harley for some help and promises that he'll be rewarded later on if he gets the help he needs. Harley tells Tony that the world thinks he's dead after the attack on his mansion. Tony calls himself "The Mechanic" and Harley asks Tony one question too many about the events in New York City, causing Tony to have another anxiety attack. Back at the remains of Tony's destroyed Malibu mansion, Pepper is searching for any clues to find out whether or not Tony's still alive. Thankfully she is able to retrieve a voice message left from Tony recorded after the attack that proves that he is alive. A relieved Pepper then seeks answers. Tony, working with Harley, assumes that Harley is being bullied at school because Harley keeps making harmless weapons to defend himself with, like a potato gun. Tony finally manages to get JARVIS back online thanks to a HUD display that he developed several months prior to the bombing. Teaming with Harley, Tony investigates the remains of the Mandarin-esque suicide bombing. Harley tells Tony about all the rumors surrounding the attack and the "soldier" in question. Tony notices that there are five shadows on a concrete wall, from the five victims who were killed along with Chad Davis. Tony then meets with Davis's mother at a bar, where he notices she's expecting someone and has a file on hand. He is about to ask her more questions when one of Killian's agents, Ellen Brandt, shows up and suddenly cuffs Tony. She poses as a Homeland Security agent to explain her actions to the sheriff, but when he starts asking her for identification, she shoots him. Tony manages to escape the bar, only to be cornered by Savin. He manages to defeat Brandt by luring her into a room where he's opened a gas line, and heats up Davis's dog tags in a microwave. The explosion throws Brandt into a telephone line and electrocutes her. Savin tries to take Harley hostage, but Harley overpowers him, allowing Tony to grab his car keys and escape. Tony drives off in Savin's car. While he drives, the Mandarin hijacks the airwaves once more and explains that he's going to brutally murder the CEO of a major oil company on live television if the president doesn't contact them within a specific time frame. Despite the President making the phone call, the Mandarin carries out the shooting, warning that the President is his next target. Tony calls Rhodes, who has managed to locate what they think is the Mandarin. Rhodes takes his suit to the Middle East. There, he is shocked to find nothing but an abandoned warehouse which doesn't have a single trace of the Mandarin. He also finds that the file he got in Rose Hill is a document from Advanced Idea Mechanics, Killian's company. Back in Tennessee, Tony drives to a nearby beauty pageant, and sneaks into one of the camera crew vans so he can research the data on the documents he's found. Fortunately for Tony, the van is being operated by one of Tony's biggest fans, who even goes so far as to have Iron Man's likeness tattooed on his arm - though rather unrecognizable. Tony hacks into AIM's servers and finds video footage that sheds new light on what is going on: the bombs are the work of soldiers from the Extremis program, an experimental treatment intended to allow its users to recover from crippling injuries like amputations. However, if a user's body cannot properly metabolize Extremis, the user's body heats to an extreme temperature and explodes. After veterans started growing unstable and exploding, their deaths were used to cover up Extremis' flaws by manufacturing a terrorist plot. The test footage shows that a number of early subjects were killed because of Extremis's flaws. Rhodes tracks the Mandarin's IP address and is led to a sweat shop in the Middle East. But it turns out to be a trap; one of Killian's agents disarms him and knocks him unconscious. Killian's men steal Rhodes' suit. Tony uses the IP address that the Mandarin has been using to hijack American airwaves and traces him to Miami, Florida. Tony infiltrates the estate headquarters using a variety of home-made weapons fashioned from stuff bought at a hardware store, Harley's trade mark potato gun, and a limited edition Dora the Explorer watch belonging to Harley's unseen sister. Inside he discovers the Mandarin is actually a flighty British actor named Trevor Slattery ( Ben Kingsley ), who is oblivious to the acts the Mandarin has carried out. When confronted, Slattery manages to tell both Tony and Rhodes that he's the Mandarin, and manages to completely annoy them both, and Tony goes to confront Killian, while Rhodes stays behind and tries to get any information he can out of the completely clueless Slattery. Tony is captured by some of Killian's henchmen - who are also Extremis experiments, and Maya reveals she was working with Killian all along. She thinks Tony can help perfect the Extremis DNA. Aldrich arrives and reveals he has kidnapped Pepper and subjected her to Extremis, intending to infuse her with superhuman abilities and turn her against Tony as leverage to gain Tony's aid in fixing Extremis' flaws. Aldrich then shoots and kills Maya. Tony, strapped to a bed frame by two of Killian's men, escapes by summoning the MK42 suit from Tennessee, piece by piece, and reunites with Rhodes on the estate, discovering that Aldrich intends to attack President Ellis aboard Air Force One. Unfortunately the MK42 has yet to regain full flight power. Savin boards the President's plane wearing the Iron Patriot suit, shoots the Secret Service agents aboard and takes the President. Savin then blows holes in the airliner body and survivors fall out. Iron Man kills Savin and manages to rescue the falling people by using a small electrical current to hold them all together. When he lands on a nearby bridge, the suit is hit by a large truck and breaks into its components, revealing Tony had been controlling it remotely. Meanwhile the Iron Patriot suit flies away with the President on board. Tony and Rhodes trace Aldrich to an impounded oil drilling platform where Aldrich intends to kill Ellis on live television. The Vice President will become a puppet leader, following Aldrich's orders in exchange for Extremis to cure a little girl's disability. Rhodes tracks the President to a massive ship yard at Miami's port. Tony enacts a new strategy, and has JARVIS enact the "House Party Protocol" which unleashes a massive army of Iron Man suits - each one different from the next. On the platform, Tony goes to save Pepper, and Rhodes saves the President. Tony discovers Pepper has survived the Extremis procedure. However, before he can save her, a container crane rig collapses around them and she falls 200 feet to her apparent death. Tony is forced into confronting Aldrich using several suits and finally traps him in the 42 suit that self-destructs. But, a glowing Aldrich survives and staggers toward a defenseless Stark. Killian tells Tony that the Mandarin was made up, that he is the Mandarin and that all attacks were taken out by Extremis experiments. Pepper shows up with Extremis powers and finishes off the weakened Aldrich. After the battle, Tony orders JARVIS to implement "Clean Slate Protocol" which destroys each remaining Iron Man suit remotely, as a sign of his intention to devote more time to Pepper. The Vice President and Slattery are arrested. In a voiceover Tony mentions Pepper is cured and Tony himself undergoes surgery to remove the shrapnel embedded near his heart, eliminating the need for his chestpiece to control it. He pitches his obsolete chest arc reactor into the sea, muses he will always be Iron Man, even without his armor. He gathers some scrap parts from his house wreckage and drives off in his Audi eTron. He then leaves Harley with a rebuilt lab and new version of Harley's trademark potato gun, telling him that Iron Man will be back and leaves a thank you note from "The Mechanic". In a post-credits scene, it is revealed that Stark has been recounting his experiences to Dr. Bruce Banner ( Mark Ruffalo , uncredited), who awakens, having fallen asleep at the beginning of Tony's story, followed by the words "Tony Stark will return". 
 The Nice Guys (2016)761) In 1970s Los Angeles, a mismatched pair of private eyes investigate a missing girl and the mysterious death of a porn star. Set against the backdrop of 1977 Los Angeles, The Nice Guys opens when single father and licensed PI Holland March (Gosling) is hired to investigate the apparent suicide of famous porn star Misty Mountains. As the trail leads him to track down a girl named Amelia (Qualley), he encounters less licensed and less hands-off private eye Jackson Healey (Russell Crowe) and his brass knuckles, both hired by the young hippie. However, the situation takes a turn for the worse when Amelia vanishes and it becomes apparent that March wasn't the only party interested. As both men are forced to team up, they'll have to take on a world filled with eccentric goons, strippers dressed as mermaids and even a possible government conspiracy. @onecriticalgeek Los Angeles, 1978. Jackson Healy (Russell Crowe) is a private investigator, of sorts. He is the man you call when someone needs to be given a message, violently. Holland March (Ryan Gosling) is more legit, and conventional, taking cases involving tracking down missing persons and the like. Their paths cross when porn star Misty Mountains dies in a car crash. Misty's aunt hires March after she believes that Misty is still alive. Their investigations lead them to a young woman named Amelia, and a massive conspiracy plot. grantss It's early 1977 Los Angeles. Those that know him probably consider Holland March, a widower, former police officer and heavy drinker, the worst private detective they know. He's also not the greatest father in his thirteen year old daughter Holly March often having to act the adult in the family, although he does bilk clients to provide a roof over his and Holly's heads, their collective, yet seemingly never to be realized plan to rebuild their burnt down house while they live in a rental in the Hollywood Hills. A man who literally lives by his fists, Jackson Healy is a freelance enforcer, he largely sticking up for those at risk, although for the price he specifies, no less. Jackson and Holland's paths cross when they have a mutual person of interest, a young woman named Amelia, as she has hired Jackson to protect her against two unknown men who have been following her, and as she is associated to a missing woman's case on which Holland is working. That case is of porn actress Misty Mountains, whose aunt asked Holland to locate her, the nearsighted aunt who swears she saw Misty two days after she was known to have been killed in a very high profile car accident. Ultimately, Amelia too goes missing, Jackson and Holland who decide to join forces to locate her, she probably in danger of being killed by those two now not so unknown men and perhaps by others pulling their strings behind the scenes, Jackson and Holland possibly getting caught in the crossfire in the process. Often along for the ride is Holly, who feels she can often be of use to them in people opening up to her about information as an innocent kid instead of two adult white guys. The probability that Amelia is in danger becomes more clear when almost everyone associated with Misty's last movie end up dead, Amelia who does have a connection to it. Eventually, they learn of the reason Amelia has gone into hiding, which goes against what most people would consider common logic. However, Jackson, Holland and Holly have to sift through the rhetoric to discover the truth. Huggo In 1970s Los Angeles, bumbling private eye Holland March (Ryan Gosling) and muscle-for-hire Jackson Healy (Russell Crowe) become unlikely partners when they find themselves both looking for a missing woman named Amelia (Margaret Qualley) following the death of a high-profile porn star. Amelia's ties to the deceased actress are unclear, but as other members of the porn industry turn up dead, March and Healy's investigation reveals a much bigger conspiracy than the duo could have ever anticipated. With the help of March's teenage daughter Holly (Angourie Rice), their sleuthing eventually unearths corruption within the federal government.. In 1977 Los Angeles, the washed-up and down-on-his-luck private investigator, Holland March, finds himself up to his neck, when--during the mysterious incident of the resurrection of a famous adult film star--he crosses paths with the hired gun and freelance bone-breaker, Jackson Healy. Now, the two reluctant partners must work together to investigate the case of the missing young woman named Amelia, as dangerous and powerful people are also trying to track her down. Without a doubt, it seems that everyone in the town's seedy underbelly is looking for the elusive Amelia; but, why? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The setting is the city of Los Angeles, California in the year 1977. A young boy, Bobby (Ty Simpkins) sneaks into his father's room and takes out a porno magazine from under his bed. Bobby checks out the centerfold, adult film star Misty Mountains (Murielle Telio). In the distance, a car rolls down a hill. The car then crashes through Bobby's house and out into a ditch. He runs outside to check it out. A young woman is sprawled out nude a few feet from the car. It's Misty. She sees Bobby and asks "How do ya like my car, big boy?" before she dies. Bobby takes his shirt off and covers Misty. In the next scene, we meet enforcer Jackson Healy (Russell Crowe). He follows a man that has been seeing a 13-year-old girl and smoking pot with her. When the girl leaves the man's house, Healy knocks on the door and then slugs the man square in the face, then tells her to stay away from young girls. Private Investigator Holland March (Ryan Gosling) is sitting in his bathtub full of water wearing a nice suit. He has "You will never be happy" written on his hand. He lives with his daughter Holly (Angourie Rice) after his wife passed away, and he has become an alcoholic. As a PI, March doesn't get the best jobs. He meets with an old woman who claims her husband is missing. March notices an urn over the fireplace with her husband's name on it (and his ashes inside it). Healy meets a teenage girl named Amelia (Margaret Qualley). She gives him March's name and address on a pink note shaped like a cow. March is looking for Amelia because he was hired by a woman, Mrs. Glenn (Lois Smith), to find her niece, Misty. Mrs. Glenn claims to have seen Misty appearing at her window in a pinstripe jacket, despite March insisting that Misty is dead and that she really saw Amelia. March goes to a bar to ask around, but the bartender threatens him with a bat. Later, March tries to break in through the backdoor, but he cuts his wrist badly and has to go to the hospital. Healy goes to March's house and punches him in the face, then kicks him in the stomach. He tells March to stay away from Amelia. March goes for the cookie jar to get his gun, but Healy knocks it out of his hand and then intentionally breaks March's arm, telling march how to describe the break when he goes to the doctor. On his way out, Healy meets Holly, claiming to be a friend of her dad. She gives him a bottle of chocolate Yoohoo. Healy goes home and is attacked by two men, known only as "Older Guy" (Keith David) and "Blueface" (Beau Knapp). They are looking for Amelia as well. Blueface goes into the next room to look for some money that Healy was holding, only to get sprayed with blue dye (hence his name). Blueface shoots at Healy, but Healy escapes. March is at a bowling alley with Holly and her friends for her birthday. We see that he now has a cast on his arm. Healy approaches him in the bathroom, but March is prepared with a gun. The two sit down to talk about Amelia. March explains his case to Healy and demands a nice cut of the pay if he's gonna let Healy work with him on this. Healy agrees. Healy and March walk by the Department of Justice building and come across a group of protesters lying on the ground, wearing gas masks, claiming the air is polluted and killing them. The group was organized by Amelia, so March figures she will be there. Some of the protesters tell them that Amelia isn't there. March offers $20 to anyone who will help. A guy named Chet (Jack Kilmer) joins the two and takes them to the home of Amelia's boyfriend Dean. The house has been burnt down. A kid on a bike passes by and asks for $20 to give up information. He knows Amelia and says she was with a guy named "Sid Hatrack", and that they made an "experimental" movie together. Healy and March drive by a billboard for a "Pornocchio" porno produced film by Sid Shadduck, the man that the kid mentioned. After getting his information, the two attend a party at Shadduck's with many porn stars in attendance. Holly tags along by stowing away in the trunk of March's car, but he sends her away in a cab. Healy and March go around looking for information on Amelia. Healy goes into a room with costumes and a film reel titled, "How do ya like my car, big boy?", along with a pinstripe jacket and a pink cow note with what looks like flight information. He finds Holly in a room with a porn star watching a porno. Meanwhile, March is really drunk and ends up stumbling down a hill where he loses his gun. He sees Amelia, and she sees him, but he's too drunk to notice it's her. He finds his gun and then tries to light a cigarette, and his lighter illuminates a dead man's body. March calls Healy over to check it out. Healy goes through the man's pockets and learns that this is Sid Shadduck. March says they need to get rid of the body in case Amelia tried to place him since he said he lost his gun out loud. The two dump Shadduck's body over a fence, where it crashes onto the table of a wedding reception, horrifying everyone. Holly comes across another porn star who knows she's been asking about Amelia. She guides Holly to a limo where she gets trapped with Blueface. Simultaneously, Healy runs into Older Guy. The two fight as Older Guy tries to shoot Healy, but Healy gets the upper hand and lets him live after he beats him down. Blueface sees Amelia and opens the door to shoot at her, but Holly slams the door on his hand and yells at Amelia to run before making her own getaway. March shows up after they left, but the valet tells him that Holly was in the black car. March steals a car and chases after it. Holly and Amelia both end up cornered in the middle of the road by Blueface. A van drives by and slams into Blueface. Amelia is ready to run but Holly wants to help Blueface as he is suffering. Amelia flees and Holly goes to get help. Healy shows up and finds Blueface. He threatens Healy with the fact that someone called "John Boy" is going to find him and kill him. Healy then chokes Blueface to death before Holly returns. Holly asks March if he killed Blueface, and he lies, saying that he would never do that. She tells him that's good, because she would never speak to him again if he had killed Blueface. March drives by and runs to his daughter. Not long after, the paramedics show up, along with a Judith's assistant named Tally (Yaya Dacosta). A limo pulls up to Healy and March. It is Judith Kuttner (Kim Basinger), head of the Department of Justice. She says she's Amelia's mother. Healy and March sit with Kuttner in her office. She explains that the Vegas mob is trying to push their porn industry to L.A., and Amelia is involved because of the "experimental" movie she did with Shadduck, which Kuttner thinks is the result of her lashing out. Dean was murdered in his home as it burnt down so that the movie would be destroyed. She hires Healy and March to find her. Back at March's house, March is lying on the diving board above his pool. Healy comes by, and March asks him why Tally earlier referred to him as "the guy from the diner". Healy recounts a story from a year earlier when a man in a diner was threatening people with a shotgun. Healy stepped in and intervened, causing him to get shot in the arm, but he still managed to beat the crap out of the assailant. It cost Healy a lot in hospital bills, but he claims it was the best day of his life. He then sees that March fell asleep. Healy then drives away and spots Holly reading a book in a dark field. He approaches her and learns that her mother died as a result of a gas leak explosion, which March didn't detect because he has no sense of smell. The next morning, Healy and March get ready to continue working, but March is already drinking. Holly calls him out on being a fuck-up and the worst detective ever. Healy mentions the information on the note he found at Shadduck's house, knowing it was written by Amelia. March deduces that the writing isn't for a flight, but for an apartment building. The two drive out to the location, but the building was torn down two years before. They then pass by the Airport Hotel, and the information was for a room number. Healy and March go into the hotel and ask the bartender if he saw Amelia enter the hotel. After Healy slams his face onto the counter, the bartender says he did see Amelia go upstairs in an elevator, and that "John Boy" may be up there as well. After the two debate on going up there, they take the elevator to the floor where Amelia may be. They find a dying man with his throat cut, and then a man being shot repeatedly until he falls out the window. Healy and March decide to go down. They go back to the car, and March thinks Amelia is dead. To their surprise, she lands feet-first on the car. She tries to shoot at them, but the recoil knocks her off her feet and she goes unconscious. The guys bring Amelia back to March's home, where Holly is watching TV with her friend Jessica (Daisy Tahan). After Amelia wakes up, she tells them the truth - her mother is behind the murders as a result of the film Amelia made to protest the air pollution from car companies, and Kuttner is doing whatever it takes to stop that film from being shown. The guys then get a call from Tally, who asks them to make a drop with a briefcase full of money. March mentions that Amelia is there, and Tally says she'll send the family doctor over. Healy and March get the money, and start driving to the drop. On the road, March notes that he can drive without holding the steering wheel, and March says that cars can do that now. Healy shows off an ankle gun while a giant killer bee (Hannibal Buress - him again!) is in the back smoking a cigarette. Suddenly, we see that March had fallen asleep at the wheel! Healy snaps March out of it, but they end up crashing against water barrels, causing the briefcase to fall out and spill the contents everywhere. They see that the briefcase was not holding money, just paper clippings. Back home, Holly answers the door to find a man (Matt Bomer) claiming to be the family doctor to see Amelia. However, Holly notes that he is wearing gloves, and quickly figures that this is John Boy. She goes to the cookie jar and takes out her dad's gun. John Boy threatens to cut Holly with his knife, and then offers to let Jessica live if she helps him with Holly. Jessica tries to intervene, but John Boy throws her through the window. The guys make it home as John Boy leaves. He takes a machine gun out of his trunk and fires several sprays of bullets at them. March runs to grab Jessica and brings her in the house. He puts her in the closet to hide with Holly and Amelia. Holly gives March his gun back. Healy shoots at John Boy and runs inside for protection. John Boy flees as he hears police sirens approaching. Amelia escapes out the window and runs into the street. She flags down a car and asks for help. Unfortunately, this is John Boy's car. He shoots Amelia dead and leaves her in the street. Healy, March, and Holly all feel terrible after Amelia's murder. But a big break in the case happens when Mrs. Glenn reappears. She once again insists that she saw Misty wearing a pinstripe jacket by her window. When Healy mentions he saw that same jacket at Shadduck's house, March gets the idea to go to Mrs. Glenn's house. They see a projector pointed at the window, and Healy mentions seeing the reel for the film at Shadduck's, meaning Mrs. Glenn only saw Misty through the image projected on her window. Mrs. Glenn breaks down because she knows Misty really is dead. The guys realize that there was a second reel, and Amelia was planning on showing it to distributors on that very day at a party. The guys and Holly attend the party. John Boy and other goons are there to find the film and destroy it. They all learn that Chet is the projectionist. John Boy approaches him and asks where the film is. Healy later finds Chet beaten nearly half to death in a dumpster. The guys find the room with the projector, but they are cornered by Tally, who holds them at gunpoint. March tries to find Healy's ankle gun, before realizing that was just part of his dream; there is no ankle gun. Holly shows up pretending to be room service and throws a pitcher of coffee in Tally's face, but it's cold and does nothing to her. Tally ends up slipping and knocks herself unconscious, allowing the guys and Holly to get away. Outside, Holly overhears Older Guy talking to John Boy about their plan. Older Guy spots Holly and brings her back to March at gunpoint on the roof of the hotel. March tells Holly to duck and he whacks Older Guy over the head. March grabs Older Guy's gun and shoots him three times. He tries to grab Holly as he falls, but March pulls her away and the two men fall off the roof. March lands in the pool while Older Guy splatters on the concrete. The film starts playing for the whole party to see. It features Misty's character speaking against the head of the car company, Bergen Paulsen (Gil Gerard). Paulsen sees it and orders his men to find the film. Holly finds the film first as Tally wakes up. It's in a large, flat film reel container. Holly rolls it out the window, leading Healy, March, and the villains to go after it. After a long chase, March ends up with the film, while Healy fights John Boy. Holly walks in on Healy strangling John Boy. She vows to never speak to him again if he kills John Boy. Healy lets go and only knocks John Boy's lights out. The police show up moments later. Healy and March go to the Department of Justice building to confront Kuttner one last time. She shows no remorse for her daughter's death, and while she knows she's going to jail, she promises that someone worse than her will be in charge next. Later on, March goes to meet Holly and Healy at a restaurant. He sits with Healy at the bar where they discuss their case, and March thinks that they'll be driving electric cars within five years. He then tells Healy that they have another case, in which a woman thinks her husband is sleeping with Linda Carter (possibly Wonder Woman, possibly not). March has even come up with a name for their agency: "The Nice Guys". 
 Kiss Kiss Bang Bang (2005)761) After being mistaken for an actor, a New York thief is sent to Hollywood to train under a private eye for a potential movie role, but the duo are thrown together with a struggling actress into a murder mystery. A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to Los Angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who's been training him for his upcoming role... austin4577@aol.com In LA, while escaping from the police after an unsuccessful robbery, the small time thief Harry Lockhart is accidentally submitted to an audition for a role of detective in a movie, and invited to a party. He meets a private eye Gay Perry, who suggests that he participate in an investigation to develop his character. He also meets the gorgeous aspiring actress Harmony Faith Lane, and finds that she was a childhood friend. Harry and Perry get involved in an intricate murder case with many leads. With the support of Harmony, they find the sordid truth of the case. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A noir send-up. A narrator introduces himself at a Hollywood party: he's Harry Lockhart, a thief from New York, in L.A. for a screen test. He meets Gay Perry, a glitzy private eye who's to school him for his role; there's Harmony Lane, a wannabe actress whose time has passed; the host is an aging actor who starred in detective movies, plus his daughter, with starlet looks and a choppy past. The next day, Gay and Harry stake out a house where Gay is to take surreptitious photographs for a client - what they find is a corpse. From there, twists and connections abound and bodies pile up. Who's double-crossing whom? And, has Harry found Harmony too late to save himself from misery? <jhailey@hotmail.com> In Los Angeles, whilst being chased by police officers, thief Harry Lockhart finds himself in a movie audition where he is mistaken for a actor, auditioning for a role in a detective film. Harry attends a party where he reunites with childhood friend Harmony Faith Lane, who is acting in Beer commercials and wants to make it to the big time and act in Hollywood movies and Harry also meets gay private detective Perry Van Shrike. When Perry discovers a dead body and Harmony's sister commits suicide, Perry decides to involve Harry in the investigation and Harry decides to play along and pretend he is a detective. Investigating the case, Harry and Perry become suspicious of the party guests who have all become suspects, as Harry and Perry set out to uncover the murderer's identity, Harry finds himself falling in love with Harmony. Daniel Williamson Mistaken for an actor, small-time crook, Harry Lockhart, finds himself in the midst of the Hollywood community. Hes paired up with private detective "Gay Perry" to get some training for his role, but things begin to get weird when they witness a real murder. Daftcoho Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens in flashback to about 1980 at a fair in Indiana of some sort with pie eating contests, etc. The camera settles on a boy magician named "Harry the Great", who is about to perform a trick where he saws a girl in a box in half with a chainsaw. Midway, the girl lets loose with a series of piercing screams, panicking the audience and some nearby adults who rush up and open the box. The girl is just pretending to be hurt and smiles up at the adult man professing "I'm going to be an actress" before he slaps her. The movie cuts to a generic Hollywood beautiful person party where we see Harry (Robert Downey Jr.), fully but shabbily clothed, intentionally teetering at the edge of a pool full of bikini clad women. At this point the narrator (Harry) introduces himself and apologizes, somewhat defensively, for not being very good. "Do you see any other narrators?" he asks. (The movie repeatedly revisits the idea that the narrator isn't a trustworthy source. The symbolism is that the pool represents the Hollywood lifestyle and he's trying to decide whether to jump in or not). He (as the narrator) asks us if we want to know how he got here. We now cut to a small toy store late at night. Two thieves are rummaging around. One of them, Harry, is on the phone with his niece as she describes the action figure ("CyberCop") she wants for Christmas. Harry pretends that the store is open and he's on a regular shopping expedition, but his niece isn't buying it (it's too late at night). A large UPS truck drives by, jostling the wiring on the jury rigged alarm and setting it off. The two run out the back door and into an alley, where they are fired upon by a woman on a fire escape. Harry's partner is hit, but Harry escapes on foot as the police approach. He runs from alley to alley until he encounters a milling group of men who are all dressed in dark thiefish clothing like himself. He runs up a stairway and crashes into a room with 3 or 4 people sitting around a desk. A woman tells him they're not ready for him yet, but another man, a Larry Miller-ish casting agent (played by - who else - Larry Miller), tells him to go ahead and hands him a script. It's from some sort of hard boiled crime thriller in which the main character is being berated for allowing his partner to be killed. Harry stumbles through it for a couple of lines before the similarity to his current situation gets to be too much and he loses it, throwing a chair and putting his head on the lap of one of the casting agents and begging forgiveness. At this moment a cop bursts through the door, before apologising for interrupting and ducking back out. Larry Miller says he's found what he's looking for and hires Harry for the part suspiciously quickly - his motives become clear much later... Meanwhile, back at the party, a woman (Michelle Monaghan) named Harmony is introduced by the narrator, who dips a little into her back story through a few brief flashbacks - noting that she is from a small town, likes reading a crime series about a detective called "Johnny Gossamer", and alluding to the fact that their father may have sexually abused her sister Jenna. The narrator then realizes that he isn't explaining how she got to the party, which he then goes into, the reason involving an actor from a cancelled TV show about a robot who drunkenly broke into her house in his costume. Long story short, she gets invited to the party, where she is seen going over the bookshelves in the house until she finds some copies of the same old paperback detective series - "Johnny Gossamer". She hugs them tenderly, reads from them for a bit and then passes out on a table. A sleazy man enters and, seeing her unconscious - starts to poke around in her underthings before Harry walks in. Harry tries to intervene but ends up being beaten to a pulp - reflecting he never was very good at fighting. After the man walks away, Gay Perry (Val Kilmer) helps Harry up. He tells Harry he's a high end private detective who's been hired by the films producers to train Harry in the ways of private detecting. He takes him into the bathroom and helps him clean up. Harlan Dexter (Corbin Bernsen) pokes his head in and introduces his daughter, who is getting ready to cut her birthday cake. She has apparently been in Europe for many years and threatening to sue her father over her deceased mother's money, but they've patched things up and are all nicey-nicey. Gay Perry is getting ready to leave the party when Harry asks him about the woman. Perry recognises her and recommends Harry go to the Domino bar, which he does. Harry shows up at the club and walks past the doorman without being hassled. He encounters a woman named Flicka (Angela Lindvall) has a brief conversation (she tells him she's a stewardess, he lies and tells her he's a PI (important later). It takes about an hour. The woman from the party is sitting at the bar. Harry sits next to her and launches into conversation. They flirt a little bit with her suggesting Harry take up with the woman across the bar who's 35 and still attempting to act. Harry asks her how old she is and she says she's 34. Harry starts to walk away after a little banter, but she calls him back. She can't believe he doesn't recognize her. She's his childhood friend Harmony (the girl being sawn in half at the beginning of the movie by young magician Harry). Harmony's friend shows up and becomes very hostile - trying to drive Harry off. Harmony calms her down and Harmony and Harry head to a table. Harmony describes growing up in Indiana parallel to Harry. She was turned onto the Johnny Gossamer books by reading them to her invalid mother. Her father was a child molester who abused her younger sister while she stood helplessly by. She compensated by sleeping with everybody in high school except Harry, who was her best friend and Harry's best friend because he asked he not to. As soon as she could, she escaped to Hollywood to be a star, but the only work she's gotten is as a European milkmaid in a cheesy beer commercial with a CGI bear. Harry asks if she wants to come back to his place and, to show he has good intentions, suggests she bring her hostile friend with her. Harry wakes up the next morning with a girl in his bed. He thinks it's Harmony, but is shocked to find out it's her hostile friend instead. He runs to Harmony's place and apologizes profusely at her door. She's initially pissed, but somewhat mollified as he goes. Perry and Harry are heading out to a stake out. Gay Perry says that he's got a commission from a woman named Allison Ames whom he has only spoken to over the phone - to stake a place out and record anything that happens. Harry and Perry drive down a windey dirt road to a woodsy house and hide behind a woodpile with a video camera . Someone comes out of the house in a ski mask, gets in an old beater car and drives off. Harry and Perry follow them by car. They seem to lose him and stop by a pond next to a low ridge to get their bearings. As they look around, the beater car comes shooting airborne over the ridge and lands in the pond. Harry jumps into the water to save the driver as Perry says no one was in the car. Harry persists, and finally Perry dives into the water emerging holding a body. It's a woman in a sundress - she's dead with a broken neck. They drop her on the sand. Harry notices she has no underwear (plot point). Perry says they need to cover this up like they were never there. Harry "helpfully" throws Perry's gun into the water. Perry points out that that was a custom ceramic gun given to him by his mother and it's very traceable. He then smacks Harry in the nose with a briefcase. Two figures in ski masks appear on top of the ridge and shout at them before taking off. Perry drives Harry back to Harry's hotel. As he drops him off and Harry is walking away, Perry returns with Harry's ringing cell phone that was left in the car. Giving it to him and they both listen as Harry answers. It's the police asking him if he knew of Harmony because her body needs to be identified before being ruled as suicide. Harry is left heartbroken and goes back to his hotel room to drown his sorrows when there's a knock at the door. It's Harmony, somehow alive. Turns out her younger sister has come to town, stolen her credit cards, maxed them out ($2000 to an unspecified party) and then committed suicide; which explains the mistaken call; as the police initially identified the sister as Harmony herself. She's distraught and wants to talk to Harry since she thinks he's a private detective (Flicka told her). She eventually badgers Harry into investigating her sister's murder (she doesn't believe it was suicide) and then faints - it seems Harry agrees so he can spend more time with Harmony in much the way he would get a kick out of her crying on his shoulder when she was upset as a teenager. She eventually wakes up again and leaves as Harry heads to the loo. The bathroom is long and deep with the toilet on the far end, a bathtub to the left of the toilet and a towel closet to the right of the toilet. Harry is relieving himself standing up when something on the left catches his eye. He turns to look without interrupting the stream and winds up covering the corpse from the car trunk with pee. Someone's stashed it in his bathroom. He crawls into the towel closet and calls Perry. Perry says that it's a setup and somewhere in the room they must have also hidden a gun. Harry quickly finds it under the bed. Down in the hotel lobby Harmony is just leaving as the cops arrive. She overhears that they're headed to Harry's room and makes a quick judgement to misdirect them to a different room. Perry shows up and they bundle up the corpse again. They can't figure out how to get it out of the hotel, so they decide to take it up to the roof and toss it into a dumpster in an alley. They miss and the body bounces off the edge of the dumpster. Harry and Perry rush down to the alley and shove the body into the trunk of the car. Just at that moment the police drive by. Perry grabs Harry and kisses him to make it seem like they're having a liaison. The police crack some jokes and drive off. Harmony shows up just in time to see the kiss. Harry and Perry ditch the body at a random street side location. The next day Harry and Perry meet and Perry gives Harry two pieces of bad news: 1) He isn't really up for a role in the film. He's being used to demonstrate the producer's seriousness about recasting the role so that Colin Farell will accept less money. 2) He told Harmony that he isn't a PI and she's pissed. Also, it turns out the body in the car was Dexter's daughter (The one who was trying to sue Dexter for the mother's inheritance). Harry heads to the airport to fly home. While he's waiting for his flight he sees Flicka and tries to chat her up, but she's not very interested. Somehow it comes up that Harmony's stage name is Allison Ames (the name of the woman that hired Perry) and he rushes back to Harmony's place realising the $2000 Harmony's sister spent was to hire Perry to investigate the case he and Harry were on when the car drove into the lake. She doesn't want to hear it and slams the door on him, severing a joint and a half of his left ring finger. She rushes him to the hospital where it's precariously sewn back on and lightly bandaged up. They also drug Harry up really good on pain killers, so he's pretty stoned. In a phone call with Harmony he explains the link between the two cases and leaves a message for Perry who will be at a party Harmony is working that evening. Harry heads over (High as a kite) and they find Perry - who seems disinterested and heads off to an unrelated stakeout of some girl, telling the two to behave until he returns. Harry wanders off to look at a dancer dressed like a deer, but is jumped by two thugs (A white guy, and a black one who calls himself "Mustard" - the same thugs in ski masks who appeared on the ridge after the lake crash) who beat him up and almost pull his finger off again before telling him to get out of town. Harmony and Harry rush off to the hospital to get his finger fixed again when Harmony notices that the two black and white thugs are headed towards Perry's stakeout and insists on going to warn Perry before getting Harry's finger fixed. Harry passes out in the back seat as Harmony parks the car and jumps out to find Perry. She's jumped by one of the thugs, but manages to get the better of him and knock him out - unable to kill "Mustard" the thug but taking his gun. A girl with purple hair shows up and Perry starts following her. She purposefully leads him under a bridge, the white thug driving up behind him - starting to line up in order to run Perry over. Harmony rushes to save him, dropping her gun and accidentally catching Perry's attention - he spots the approaching car and leaps out of the way. The driver careers toward a hot dog stand destroying tables - just as Gay Perry prepares to kill the white thug as he exits the vehicle, the hot dog vendor shoots the thug down. In the chaos, the girl with purple hair runs around looking for an escape. She finds a car with the door open and the keys still in it. Of course, it's Harmony's car with Harry passed out in the back seat. Harmony returns to where she left the first thug, but he's gone. Harry wakes up the next day in the back seat of the car in a strange garage in a strange house totally confused (which must mean he got there the entire way without the purple-haired girl seeing him lying asleep in the backseat...) He walks around inside calling out but no one responds. The surviving thug shows up with the girl with purple hair, so Harry hides under a bed. He hears them talking. She's apologizing for the foul up, but says it isn't her fault. The thug agrees and says a number of ominous things about how he's going to set things up so it's never her fault again, and then shoots her dead. Harry holds his fingers to her lips as she mutters before dying. The thug runs off to get something to wrap the body with. So Harry, in a daze, gets out from under the bed. The thug comes back and sees him. The thug starts taunting him until he realizes he's left the gun on the bed. Harry shoots him. Harry's finger has come off, so he puts it in a bowl with ice and calls Perry. While he's talking to him, a dog comes up and grabs the finger. Harry tries to get it back, but the dog swallows it. Harry seems resigned to its loss. He then cleans off the gun, puts the girl's fingerprints on it so the police will think she and the thug killed each other and leaves. Harmony, Perry and Harry get together to wrap things up, secure in the knowledge that the whole thing was a kidnapping plot gone wrong. Perry jokes that it seems anti-climactic: No one's been tortured yet (foreshadowing). Harry and Harmony head up to Harry's room. Harmony mentions that in an attempt to save her sister's sanity, she told her that their father wasn't really their father. She lied that he was a famous Hollywood film star that had visited town on a "Johnny Gossamer" film shoot. They get wasted at the hotel bar. As Harmony strips in the bedroom to go to sleep, Harry is reminded how the body from the lake wasn't wearing underwear. He offers to sleep on the couch, but they both wind up in the bed about to sleep together when Harmony says she has to admit something. The next shot is Harry throwing her out because she confessed to sleeping with his best friend in high school, the one guy he asked her not to. Harry makes sure her fingers are clear before slamming the door. Harmony wanders off when something occurs to her. She calls Harry up and asks if the body in the trunk was raped. He replies that it wasn't, the report came back negative. He hangs up. A little later, Perry calls Harry up and says Harmony left a message saying she had it all figured out. Perry wants to know what Harry told her. Harry racks his brain and then mentions the underwear thing. Perry seems to all of a sudden magically figure out what's going on. Perry and Harry go to the local insane asylum, where they meet a large woman patient. They ask her to lift her robe. She does. No underwear. Perry puts it together: Dexter had hidden her daughter away in the looney bin and replaced her with a lookalike so that he could use her to request that the lawsuit dropped. But the daughter's European boyfriend was coming to visit, so he had to kill her to bring the ruse to a close (the boyfriend would see through the double). Harmony's sister must have been the double, which is why they murdered her and made it look like a suicide. Perry and Harry assume that Harmony also went to the asylum and was grabbed, so now they have to find her. Harry and Perry head out from the asylum where they meet an orderly who holds them at gunpoint and starts marching them back. Perry gets the gun from him and they start trying to interrogate him. Harry, fantastic magician that he is, decides to take the orderly's revolver and pretend to play russian roulette with him to add force to the interrogation. He thinks there's an 8% chance of the one bullet he left in the gun going off. And of course it does. Scratch one orderly. As Perry and Harry hide the body, they're surprised by Dexter and another thug. While they're getting frisked, Perry's phone rings. The thug takes the phone and throws it over to Dexter, but Harry catches it and shuts into the phone that they've been caught by Dexter. The thug retrieves the phone from Harry, listens and tells Dexter that it was just a carpet cleaning service. But it was actually Harmony who managed to pretend to be someone else.They're taken to a hospital to be tortured. We learn the thugs are heading to cremate Dexter's daughter ASAP to remove evidence of gunshot wounds. Thug #3 hooks up electrodes to Harry's balls and proceeds to start the torture. Perry starts taunting him with homophobic slurs. The thug gets angry and starts yelling at Perry, pounding on the electrode button to emphasize his point. Harry's not having a good time. Finally, Perry mimes grabbing at his balls, but it turns out he has a gun hidden there. The thug is killed by bullets flying out of Perry's crotch - he explains homophobes never check the pelvic region. Harmony calls Perry - she's been at home the whole time. She rushes to the hospital. Dexter and company have loaded the body into a van and are about to leave. Harmony grabs the van and drives off. Three thugs who waited at the van grab a car and chase the van. The back doors of the van are open, so the coffin is in danger of flying out at any time. Harmony crashes the van on an overpass, sending the coffin over the edge. It lands on a sign above the underpass. An arm pops out. Harmony's OK, though. Harry and Perry keep running up and get into a gunfight with one of the thugs. The thug is shot, but not before shooting a bullet through Perry's chest and into Harry. Harry tries to give Perry mouth to mouth, but Perry starts coughing up blood. Meanwhile, Harmony has jumped off the road and into a median, slamming her forehead on the grass and drawing blood. The resulting concussion leaves her pretty dazed, but she manages to call Harry on Perry's cell phone and requests a rescue, then passes out. Harry gets up, taking Perry's gun. In the process of attempting this rescue, Dexter shows up and tries to run Harry down. He jumps off the overpass and lands on the coffin perched on the freeway sign. He accidentally drops the gun onto the casket and slides off, hanging onto the arm and dangling above the speeding traffic. Dexter rushes to the edge of the bridge to shoot him, Harry jogging the coffin and knocking the gun down - catching it in the nick of time and shooting Dexter. Dexter remarks on what a good shot it is before dying ("Captain fuckin magic"). Some thugs are speeding towards unconscious Harmony to finish her off, but Harry manages to shoot the driver while dangling from the coffin, dropping onto the roof of the car as it passes under. Managing to kill the last two thugs with some showy moves, Harry staggers over to Harmony, and pulls out a Jonny Gossamer book from his breast pocket - complimenting it on stopping the bullet. Harmony points out that it didn't. The hole goes all the way through - thus Harry passes out. Harry wakes up at the hospital. Harmony is in the room with him. Perry rolls in on a wheelchair. The narrator comments about how much he hates studio enforced happy endings. To slam the point home, everybody who died in the movie walks in (purple-haired girl and thugs included), smiling and waving..... followed by Elvis and Abraham Lincoln. They all disappear, though (except Perry, Harry and Harmony). Perry explains that through his police contacts, he has found that Harmony's sister came to town to find her father, whom she thought was Dexter. She started following him around and what she found eventually saw was Dexter having sex with his "daughter" (which was actually the double and also the one wearing the pink wig). Thinking it was incest, she hired Perry to film it (using Harmony's credit cards) and then killed herself since to her both her real father and pretend father were abusive. Harmony, Harry and Perry head back to Indiana for Harmony's sister's funeral. Perry confronts Harmony's father, who's on oxygen and bedridden and slaps him repeatedly. Her father taunts Perry for taking advantage of someone who's defenseless and Perry smiles. He's made his point. The last shot is a year later. Harry, much better dressed, is making a video recording of himself telling the whole story. Perry, who employs him now, walks up, encourages the audience to stay through the credits, rips on the key grip a little and shuts the camera off. Credits roll. 
 Predator (1987)651) A team of commandos on a mission in a Central American jungle find themselves hunted by an extraterrestrial warrior. A team of special force ops, led by a tough but fair soldier, Major "Dutch" Schaefer, are ordered to assist CIA man, Colonel Al Dillon, on a rescue mission for potential survivors of a Helicopter downed over remote South American jungle. Not long after they land, Dutch and his team discover that they have been sent in under false pretenses. This deception turns out to be the least of their worries though, when they find themselves being methodically hunted by something not of this world. Laygz As an unidentified interstellar spacecraft penetrates the Earth's atmosphere, landing somewhere on the tangled jungle of Central America, the battle-hardened leader of an elite military team, Major Alan "Dutch" Schaefer, and his hand-picked men begin to deploy to the region. Entrusted with locating a cabinet minister and eliminating the area's scattered guerrilla pockets, before long, this routine rescue mission turns into a bloodbath, as macabre findings of ritualistically mutilated bodies can only mean one thing: someone, or better yet, something, is hunting them down for sport. Now, outgunned, and above all, outmatched, Dutch must put his extensive combat experience to good use, and summon up the strength to make a last stand against the pitiless, highly advanced extraterrestrial hunter. But, the major's primitive weaponry is no match for the humanoid creature's state-of-the-art armament. Is there an escape from the wrath of the Predator? Nick Riganas Dutch and his group of commandos are assigned to rescue downed airmen from guerillas in a Central American jungle. The mission goes well but as they return they find that something is hunting them. Nearly invisible, it blends in with the forest, taking trophies from the bodies of its victims as it goes along. Occasionally seeing through its eyes, the audience sees it is an intelligent alien hunter, hunting them for sport, killing them off one at a time. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Dutch and a team of commandos have been sent into a Central American jungle to track down some missing airmen that were kidnapped by terrorists. By the time they get to the camp, the airmen have been butchered in a very violent fashion and the commandos retaliate on the terrorists' camp. After that's over, they wait for a helicopter to pick them up, but something strange begins to happen in the woods. It isn't long before the commandos start getting killed off and Dutch and a girl from the camp, Anna, are the only people left and fighting for their lives. But what they discover is too shocking for them to imagine. What's been killing them is the Predator, an alien that hunts rare species and make his trophies out of their skulls. And human beings are the new species he has discovered. Will Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dutch ( Arnold Schwarzenegger ) and his elite commando team arrive in an unnamed Central American country. They meet a general, Phillips, whom Dutch has worked for in the past, and with a CIA agent, Dillon ( Carl Weathers ), whom Dutch also knows. Dillon tells Dutch that a high-ranking "cabinet minister" traveling by helicopter nearby has gone missing in the jungle, presumably shot down by a rebel guerrilla group operating in the area. Dutch's team has been charged with going over the border and into rebel territory to rescue the man. Dutch's team are dropped at night into the jungle by helicopter and they hike toward the rebel camp. En route, they find the downed helicopter. Dutch's tracker, Billy ( Sonny Landham ), is able to determine that the rebels indeed took the cabinet minister but another group of men also passed through, likely more American soldiers. Later, Billy senses something nearby and finds the bodies of three men who have been flayed and hung upside-down. In a pile of entrails, another of Dutch's men, Mac ( Bill Duke ), finds a set of dog tags. Dutch recognizes the name on them; Jim Hopper, a Green Beret. Dutch is puzzled and looks to Dillon for information; Dillon says he knows nothing about another team. The team arrives at the rebel camp undetected. Dutch and his team destroy the camp in an all-out assault and kill all the rebels. There are no hostages alive (Dutch sees a rebel execute one), however, Dutch finds a lone, terrified girl, Anna ( Elpidia Carrillo ). They take her along as a prisoner. Dutch realizes they have been set up and confronts Dillon. Dillon confirms that Dutch and his team were merely pawns to destroy the camp and its men. He also confirms that he lied about Hopper's team; when they went missing, Dillon called in Dutch. With no choice, the team heads to the chopper rendezvous point. However, unknown to the team, they are being tracked by an unseen enemy that sees their body heat signatures. The team moves into a thickly forested valley where they plan to meet their extraction helicopter. Anna hits Dillon with a tree limb and tries to escape the group and Hawkins ( Shane Black ) follows. When he catches her a distorted, human-like figure rushes out of the jungle and kills Hawkins. The woman is left behind, terrified, uninjured and covered in Hawkins' blood. Dutch's Hispanic crew member, Poncho ( Richard Chaves ), asks Anna what happened; all she can say is "the jungle came alive and took him." Dutch orders the others to find Hawkins' body, which is hanging from a tree nearby. They do not find him and while he scans the area, the team's largest man, Blaine ( Jesse Ventura ), is hit twice by laser-like blasts of energy that blow out his chest. He falls dead and his friend, Mac, rushes to him. Mac sees a humanoid-like distortion that flashes green eyes. Mac opens fire with Blaine's minigun, firing thousands of rounds into the jungle. The rest of the team rushes to the spot and also open fire. After checking the area in front of them, Poncho tells Dutch that they didn't hit anything living. A close inspection of Blaine's wounds shows no signs of shrapnel or gun powder burns. When asked what he saw, a terrified Mac is unable to identify the enemy. Only Anna finds any evidence; a green-glowing fluid on a large leaf, which she doesn't tell anyone about. In another part of the jungle, the distorted humanoid ( Kevin Peter Hall ) sits down on a tree branch. The distortion turns out to be a high-tech camouflaging device that can bend light, creating the illusion of invisibility. The enemy has been wounded in the thigh, dripping the same sort of fluid Anna had found; it is the creature's blood. It uses a bizarre first-aid kit to dress its' wound. When it removes the bullet, it lets out an inhuman howl of pain, a sound heard by Anna. Dutch has the team make camp for the night. Blaine's body is wrapped in his poncho. The perimeter is wired with flares and grenades. Mac is given first watch and reminisces about his dead friend. A noise alerts him and an dark shape falls on him. He stabs it repeatedly drawing the rest of the team to him. The enemy turns out to be a wild pig. In the aftermath, Billy informs everyone that Blaine's body is gone. Dutch determines that their unseen enemy is not only killing them one by one but also methodically hunting them. The team constructs a trap from jungle vines which form a net and an elaborate system of tripwires. While they wait for their stalker to set off the trap, Anna talks of a legendary demon that had stalked her village in times of extremely hot weather. She says that men were found skinned and missing body parts. Dutch and Dillon think that the trap won't work without live bait so Dutch carefully walks out into the clearing among the tripwires. As he turns around, the trap goes off and something is tangled in the net. Laser blasts shoot from the net, hitting the trap's anchoring tree trunk, which detaches and swings into Poncho, hitting him square in the chest and severely injuring him. Dillon sees the distortion of the stalker's camouflage as it flees into the jungle. Mac instantly takes off after the creature over Dutch's orders for him to return, seeking revenge for Blaine. Dutch, Poncho, Billy and Anna all leave to meet the chopper, while Dillon runs after Mac. Dillon finds Mac a short distance away. Mac has found their enemy camped out in a tree stand. The two agree on a plan to approach it silently and kill it. While crawling through the underbrush, Mac notices a three-pointed laser pattern on his arm and is killed when he exposes his head to his enemy. Dillon finds him dead a few minutes later. Dillon is attacked by the stalker, who fires a laser blast that severs one of his arms. Dillon tries to defend himself but is impaled on a large double-bladed weapon. Still moving toward the extraction site, the rest of the team cross a large tree trunk bridge. Billy, sensing the presence of the enemy, throws away his rifle and faces it alone, armed only with his machete. He is quickly killed, his scream is heard by the rest of the party. Dutch, Anna and Poncho stop, and Poncho is killed by a laser blast. Anna picks up a gun to shoot but Dutch kicks it away. Another laser blast hits Dutch's rifle, blowing it in half. Dutch yells for Anna to run to the helicopter and he crawls away. Dutch ends up sliding down a hill that drops him off a cliff into a river. Dutch swims to the other side and is resting on the muddy bank when his pursuer splashes down behind him. Dutch, weaponless and covered in mud, helplessly waits for his enemy to kill him. The enemy surfaces and turns out to be a large, humanoid alien possessing advanced weaponry. The adaptive camouflage device that concealed it from Dutch and his team appears to be malfunctioning due to exposure to water and the creature switches it off. It spots a target in the brush and tracks it with a three-beamed laser scope and shoots at it, a small rodent, with a shoulder-mounted cannon. The alien does not, however, see Dutch, whose body heat is insulated by the mud on his skin. The creature stalks off. Dutch mounts an offensive, choosing a strategic spot and sets a garroting trap with spikes. Dutch also builds a bow and several arrows with gunpowder from his spare grenades and fashions spears. He also covers himself in mud to further his advantage. Meanwhile, the creature rips the spinal column and skull from Billy's corpse, cleaning it to make a trophy. We see the skulls of several other humans among its collection. When he's ready, Dutch lights a crude torch and sounds out a primitive yell, summoning the alien and dropping the torch onto a large bonfire he'd built. The alien arrives and crawls over the unseen Dutch. Dutch fires one of his explosive arrows at the creature, permanently disabling its invisibility device. However, Dutch rapidly runs out of weapons. The alien captures him in a pond. After a brief examination of his human opponent, the creature removes its helmet, revealing its face: deep set eyes, a bald head, deeply-set eyes, dreadlocks, and a fang-filled mouth with large mandibles. It engages Dutch hand-to-hand, a battle where the alien has the advantage of strength over Dutch. Dutch draws the creature into the spiked trap he'd set, yelling for it to come closer to kill him. The creature discovers the trap and walks around behind Dutch. As it moves in, Dutch notices it's standing directly under the trap's counterweight; Dutch kicks away the trigger and the counterweight plummets, crushing the alien. Dutch moves in to finish it off with a large rock but throws it away when he sees that the alien is already wounded fatally. Dutch asks "What the hell are you?" and the creature repeats the phrase. It opens a panel on its' gauntlet and activates a timer, signaling Dutch to run. As he does, the creature laughs, imitating Billy. A small nuclear explosion goes off as Dutch leaps to cover. In a helicopter flying nearby, General Phillips ( R.G. Armstrong ) and Anna see the explosion. They see Dutch in an incinerated patch of rainforest. Dutch is rescued, looking physically exhausted. 