nm0004705:

 You, Me and Dupree (2006)Summaries A best man (Wilson) stays on as a houseguest with the newlyweds, much to the couple's annoyance. For newlyweds Carl and Molly Peterson, life can't get any sweeter as they begin anew to settle down into married life. With a nice house and established careers in tow, nothing seems to get in their way. However, Carl is about find out just how much friendship means when Dupree, his best friend has been displaced from his home and fired from his job because of attending their wedding. Taking his friend in, what Carl and Molly are about to experience is that the fine line between a few days and whatever else is after, can be a lot more than they bargained for. Especially when their friend overstays his welcome in far too many ways than he should. mystic80 Carl Peterson, an architect, has just got married to Molly, and it seems that they're about to begin their happy life together. Everything is going fine, until Dupree, the best man and Carl's best friend, shows up to invade the couple's intimacy, having lost his job & home. Carl decides to help his old friend, giving him a shelter in the couch, thinking that the whole thing will be for 2 or 3 days. Despite Dupree promising Carl that he'll look for a job the very next day, the immature and lazy bloke spends the time playing with the children from the neighborhood, or dating with a mysterious librarian girl. Molly begins to get tired of Dupree, but Carl must deal with another problem, his malevolent and overprotecting father-in-law, who has warned him that he wants his daughter to keep her maiden name and that he shouldn't even think about having children with her. Apparently, Dupree has came to stay with Molly and the stressed Carl, who doesn't know how to get rid of him, becoming paranoid because the charismatic Dupree is starting to take his place in the household. Alejandro Frias It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Wedding Crashers (2005)651) John Beckwith and Jeremy Grey, a pair of committed womanizers who sneak into weddings to take advantage of the romantic tinge in the air, find themselves at odds with one another when John meets and falls for Claire Cleary. Two friends, John (played by Owen Wilson) and Jeremy (Vince Vaughn), crash weddings to pick up women. One day they crash the wedding of the daughter of the Treasury Secretary, Secretary Cleary (Christopher Walken). Instead of short-term flings they end up being invited to the Clearys' island estate, and potentially meet the loves of their lives... grantss John and Jeremy, single in their mid-30s, mediate divorces in D.C.; their summer social life consists of crashing weddings (always with a back story) to meet young women for a one-night stand. As John thinks about growing up, Jeremy convinces him to go to one more, for the daughter of the Treasury Secretary. Each catches the eye of a daughter of the host. Jeremy scores with Gloria, who proves to be a psycho clinger; John wants real romance with Claire, but she has a boyfriend, a privileged hound. Can John convince Jeremy to stick around long enough so he can woo Claire, and can he tell her the truth about himself before she finds out from someone else? What if he messes up? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Guided by a set of "wedding crashing rules," Washington, D.C. divorce mediators John Beckwith and Jeremy Grey can charm their way into any wedding...and into the hearts of every bridesmaid...for one night. But at the biggest social event of the year, John breaks the rules and falls for Claire Cleary, the daughter of the United States Secretary of Treasury, William Cleary, and Jeremy is left at the mercy of her "stage-five-clinger" sex-crazed sister Gloria. Being there for his buddy, Jeremy follows John to the family's huge estate for a weekend that may even be too wild for these professional party animals. Christopher Howell (Ckh87520@aol.com) The thirty and something years old bachelor partners and best friends divorce mediators John Beckwith and Jeremy Grey have a hobby of crashing weddings following predetermined rules to have one night stand with different women. When they decide to crash the most important wedding of Washington pretending they are brothers, in a party promoted by the Secretary of Treasury William Cleary, John breaks their rules and has a crush on Claire Cleary and Jeremy scores the sex-addicted Gloria Cleary, both daughters of William. Gloria invites Jeremy to spend the weekend at the Cleary family estate, and John sees the chance to be close to Claire, in spite of her engagement with the arrogant Zachary "Sack" Lodge. Along the weekend with the dysfunctional Cleary family, John and Jeremy will fall in love for the sisters, but their real identities jeopardize the relationship. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) and Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) are business partners and lifelong buddies. They are divorce mediators with a recreational hobby of crashing weddings to pickup chicks. They've been given a secret set of wedding crashing rules by Chaz (Will Ferrell) the guru of wedding crashing. John and Jeremy crash any and all weddings and pretend to be brothers working as venture capitalists or some other line of work. They are so charming that they are able to bluff their way through each wedding when relatives ask who they are. Each spots a beautiful woman and catches her eye. Eventually, each wins the chosen woman's heart, and then it's on to the next wedding! They never stay in the background, but actually get in all the action and pictures of the cutting of the cake, the carrying of the wedding couple, and dancing with the bride. They become a hit at each reception. The daughter of Treasury Secretary William Cleary (Christopher Walken) is getting married, and it will be the social event of the year. After crashing the wedding, John and Jeremy set their target on the two Cleary sisters, Claire (Rachel McAdams) and Gloria (Isla Fisher). Jeremy is able to get close to Gloria, but John has Claire's boyfriend to contend with. John and Jeremy are able to get invited to a weekend party at the Cleary family estate, where they learn a few lessons about love. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 The Scorpion King (2002)541) A desert warrior rises up against the evil army that is destroying his homeland. He captures the enemy's key sorcerer, takes her deep into the desert and prepares for a final showdown. In ancient Gomorrah, thousands of years before the Pyramids, the remaining free nomadic tribes are forced to form an uneasy alliance to put an end to mighty King Memnon's reign of tyranny. One of the few survivors and the last of the Akkadians, the brave assassin, Mathayus, is entrusted with the impossible task of executing Memnon's fortune-telling sorceress, Cassandra, only to find himself up against a seemingly indestructible evil army. Now, with the help of his new powerful allies, including the great warrior, Balthazar, Mathayus returns to the legendary city to infiltrate Memnon's impenetrable fortress in the desert and exact his revenge. Is Mathayus destined to be the next Scorpion King? Nick Riganas In ancient Egypt, Mathayus, (Dwayne Johnson) an akkadian, is hired by the great King Pheron (Roger Rees) to kill Memnon (Steven Brand) and his sorceress Cassandra (Kelly Hu). However, Mathayus realizes that he and Cassandra may end up needing each other and she helps him with his dangerous task. Mathayus and Cassandra eventually come across Nubian King Balthazar (Michael Clarke Duncan), Who had bad history with the akkadians, but joins them on their quest to kill Memnon, but will they be able to do it? In an ancient time, predating the pyramids, the evil king Memnon is using the psychic powers of his sorceress Cassandra to fortell his great victories. In a last ditch effort to stop Memnon from taking over the world, the leaders of the remaining free tribes hire the assassin Mathayus to kill the sorceress. But Mathayus ends up getting much more than he bargained for. Now with the help of the trickster Arpid, tribal leader Balthazar and an unexpected ally, it's up to Mathayus to fufill his destiny and become the great Scorpion King. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "Before the time of the pyramids," a horde from the East invades the ancient world, led by the ruthless Memnon, who by their law, is king for being their greatest warrior. His many victories come from the help of a sorcerer who predicts the outcomes of battles, leaving only a few free tribes to oppose him. Mathayus, his half-brother Jesup, and friend Rama, the only three true remaining Akkadians, are hired by King Pheron of the last free tribes to kill Memnon's sorcerer for twenty blood rubies, upsetting Pheron's son Takmet, as it is the last of their treasury, and Nubian King Balthazar, who dislikes the Akkadians. The Akkadians manage to sneak into Memnon's camp, but are ambushed by Memnon's guards, having been tipped off by Takmet who killed his own father and defected to Memnon's side. Jesup and Rama are hit by arrows, but Mathayus manages to sneak into the sorcerer's tent, where he sees that the sorcerer is actually a sorceress named Cassandra. Mathayus is then captured and meets Memnon himself, who brutally executes Jesup in front of him, and is about to kill Mathayus too. Cassandra, however, tells Memnon that the gods wish Mathayus to survive the night, and to defy them would incur their wrath and cost him his victories. Memnon has Mathayus buried to his neck in the desert to be devoured by fire ants at dawn, but manages to escape with help from a horse thief, Arpid. Deciding to finish his mission and avenge his brother, Mathayus sneaks into Memnon's stronghold, Gomorrah, and manages to enter Memnon's palace with help from a street urchin. He briefly meets Memnon's court magician, Philos, who hides him and then directs him to the courtyard where Memnon is training. Mathayus tries to shoot Memnon from the watchtower, but is forced to save the street urchin from having his hand amputated for his theft by shooting the axe out of Takmet's hand, alerting the guards to his presence. Mathayus only barely manages to escape Gomorrah, abducting Cassandra along the way, knowing that Memnon will come for her. Cassandra tries to escape from Mathayus and even tells him that she has been Memnon's prisoner since she was a child. Sympathetic, Mathayus allows her the choice of leaving, but warns her of worse dangers and that she is likely safer with him. However, Memnon sends his right-hand man Thorak and a group of guards to kill Mathayus and retrieve Cassandra, but Mathayus manages to slay them all under the cover of a sandstorm, while dueling and fatally stabbing Thorak in the abdomen. With his dying breaths, Thorak manages to stab Mathayus in the leg with a scorpion blood-laced arrow. Cassandra, however, uses her magic to save Mathayus's life. As an insult and a warning, Mathayus sends Thorak's blood-stained pendant to Memnon. Mathayus, Arpid and Cassandra then run into Philos, who earlier fled Memnon's palace and has perfected an explosive powder he was working on. However, they are ambushed by the rebels, now under the rule of Balthazar. Though Mathayus defeats Balthazar in a fight and earns his grudging respect and sanctuary, Cassandra has a vision of Memnon and his army slaughtering the entire rebel camp. She informs Mathayus and then prophesies that when the moonlight reaches the Memnon's palace, the King on High will become the invincible Scorpion King, and Memnon believes himself to be the one destined to become the Scorpion King. Furthermore, she informs Mathayus that if he faces Memnon, he will most likely die. She tells Mathayus that she foresees him being shot, but Mathayus assures her that he will make his own destiny and they make love. The next morning, however, Cassandra returns to Memnon in order to stall him and possibly kill him. Mathayus, with help from Balthazar, Arpid, Philos and the army of rebels, launches an all-out assault on Memnon's stronghold, facing Memnon personally before he can kill Cassandra, while Balthazar confronts and kills Takmet, avenging Takmet's father, Peron, and takes on the full force of Memnon's forces alone. The battle rages on until Mathayus is shot by a guard as in Cassandra's vision. As Memnon takes his place in the House of Scorpio to become the Scorpion King, Cassandra kills the guard while Mathayus retrieves his bow, pulls the arrow out of his shoulder and uses it to shoot the exhausted Memnon, sending him off the edge of the roof just as Philos and Arpid use the explosive powder to destroy the palace's foundation stone, bringing down the bulk of Memnon's forces. Memnon is consumed by the flames as he falls to his death. With the battle over, the remnants of Memnon's army bow before Mathayus, who, per the laws of the Horde stating that the king is the best warrior, is now the Scorpion King. In the aftermath, Mathayus and Balthazar share a good-natured farewell as the latter returns to his own kingdom. Cassandra tells Mathayus that she sees a brief period of peace and prosperity coming, but warns him that it will not last forever. Undeterred, Mathayus decides that they will make their own destiny. 
 Heist (III) (2015)541) A father is without the means to pay for his daughter's medical treatment. As a last resort, he partners with a greedy co-worker to rob a casino. When things go awry they're forced to hijack a city bus. When their attempt to rob a casino owned by the feared gangster Pope goes awry and a shootout ensues, Vaughn and Cox are forced to flee on foot and hijack city Bus 657 and take the passengers hostage. Lionsgate Premiere Luke Vaughn works in a Casino run by his old friend, the much feared Francis 'The Pope' Silva. Vaughn's daughter is bed ridden and in need of surgery, which he is unable to afford and out of desperation, agrees to rob Silva's casino along with an impulsive Jason Cox who works at the Casino too. They execute their plan, but their getaway is botched and they end up hijacking Bus 657 with hostages - a move that triggers events with dire consequences. PipingHotViews With his ailing young daughter in grave danger and in need of a costly surgical operation, the desperate single father and dealer at Pope's high-stakes riverboat casino, Vaughn, will have to come up with an enormous amount of money to pay for her treatment. As a last resort, Vaughn along with a disgruntled employee summon up the courage to rob the powerful crime lord's gambling house; however, when things go awry, the robbers hijack a city bus. Now, Vaughn's plans for a quick and lucrative job have turned into a volatile hostage situation, where no one can predict the outcome. Will the pained parent live to see another day? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a pregnant woman waiting for a bus at night. Shortly after she boards the bus #657, the thieves hijacks the bus. One week earlier, casino owners detective Dog (or Derrick) ( Morris Chestnut ) and Mr. Pope ( Robert De Niro ) interrogates a couple about the whereabouts of money. After man eventually answers to them, Dog fatally shoots them both. Luke Vaughn ( Jeffrey Dean Morgan ), a man working in a casino, visits his sick daughter in a hospital. But, the money he earn from the casino is not enough to pay the medical bills. Vaughn promises to the doctor that he will pay for her operation by Friday or else his daughter will die. Back to the casino, Vaughn plans to rob the money with the help of his co-worker, Cox ( Dave Bautista ). Cox discusses about the every night lifestyle of the casino, especially the money. Later, Vaughn having a meeting with Pope about the money. Vaughn desperately needs at least $300,000 for his daughter's medical bill but Pope refuses and instead he fires him. Cox, Vaughn, and a man (we don't know what his name was) agreed to rob the money at the casino tonight. After they obtain the money in the casino, things go wrong when one of the employees sees them. One of the thieves shoots the employee dead as he runs away. The thieves manage to run for their lives after they encountered the shootout between Dog and his employees, wounded one of the thieves. The car waiting for them drives away in terror, so the thieves are forced to hijack the bus 657 to escape. Not knowing for the thieves, the police car, dispatched by Officer Kris Bauhaus ( Gina Carano ), is stalled few blocks behind from the bus. Kris hears the gunshots coming from the bus and pursuits it. As they board the bus, Vaughn and takes off the masks, making the pursuing Dog and his men identifies them. Cox and the man also took the mask off. As Kris investigates the bus, the thieves and the passengers acts normal. But when Kris wants the bus to pull over, Cox fires his shootgun onto Kris but she dodges. The rest of the police cars pursuit and making roadblocks far away before the bus. To make Kris negotiate with them, Vaughn writes the passenger's phone number in the bus window. Vaughn tells Kris to the captain to clear the roadblocks but he refuses. Vaughn threatens Kris to kill some of the passengers including the boy and the pregnant woman if she doesn't comply. When she does, Kris runs over the roadblocks, allowing the bus to enter the interstate. The next morning, the bus continues to drive in the interstate. A wounded thief is dying, so Vaughn calls one of the passenger, which is veterinarian student, to take care of him. While Cox is taking a call to Jono - who aids the thieves, a male passenger helds his knife to Vaughn and aims a gun to Cox but Vaughn subdues him and takes his knife away. Cox orders the bus driver to head to Galveston, Texas, unfortunately the fuel is not enough to go that place, so Vaughn calls for fuel tanker. Kris is driving fuel tanker to refuel the bus while Detective Marconi - who allies Kris when she is about to relieve from duty - monitors them via a police helicopter. While refuelling, Vaughn allows the two hostages (pregnant woman, named Pauline, and the boy) to release. Understanding about Vaughn's motive in order to survive his sick daughter, Kris allies Vaughn. Meanwhile, Dog knows the location of Jono through the police radio scanner. A wounded thief is losing a lot blood, so Vaughn calls Marconi for medical kits. However, a wounded thief dies when he is being treated by the veterinarian - but she has no idea how the thief dies in unknown reason. After Cox attacks Marconi - for allegedly done with his thief partner - then throws him out of the bus, the SWAT Team throws the smoke grenade and begins to attacking Vaughn and Cox. After they managed to throw the other SWAT members, one of the SWAT member pops out a tire, eventually crashes it near the bridge. Most of the passengers got the minor injuries. Now the police surrounding the bus, Cox held the bus driver hostage in front of them. Cox lets the passenger to call the news on the line via cell phone in order to hear his threatening voice on live news. The bus driver is presumably shot dead by Cox but it is revealed that Vaughn shot Cox dead, allowing the bus driver to live. Vaughn receives a call from his daughter saying that Kris is already there to help his hospital bills. After that, Vaughn radios Marconi to call the mechanic to fix the tires and threatens to kill any hostage if someone, including police escorts, choppers, follows them. Vaughn release all the hostages and the bus departs once the tires are repaired. The police authorities follows the bus but it is found out the Vaughn has escaped and only the bus driver is inside. Earlier, Vaughn had got out the bus in police disguise with the help of veterinarian student. Vaughn calls Jono saying that he is coming for him, but as he arrives at his place, Jono is already is killed by Dog. Later, Dog and Pope takes Vaughn into the same bus, along with Marconi who quickly killed by Pope. Telling where the money is, Vaughn states that Pauline - who reveals that she is the accomplice of Vaughn - is not a pregnant at all but it is actually an inflated bag stick in her stomach and the money is already taken by Pauline as she release from the bus earlier. Pauline then brought the money to paid the bills while Kris - who is already know her style - is sharply looking at her. Vaughn calls is a sort of "trick." Dog is infuriated by Vaughn's strategy and as he about to burn Vaughn up, Pope shoots Dog, killing him. Pope is now concerns his daughter's life and he is letting Vaughn go to visit his daughter once again. Once Vaughn departs, Pope smokes the real cigarette from Dog as the police patrols approaching the bus. 