nm0004294:

 Venice the Series (2009 )Summaries Focuses on the life of Gina Brogno, a single, gay, self-made interior designer living and working in Venice Beach, California, as she tries to navigate her love life while dealing with lifelong issues with her family. Venice the Series is Co-Created by Crystal Chappell and Kim Turrisi. Venice focuses on the life of Gina Brogno - a single, gay, self-made interior designer - living and working in Venice Beach, California. The plot follows Gina's human experience in connection with her various love interests, brother Owen, father - the Colonel, and a myriad of other characters that make up Gina's network of relationships. Gina is a strong, confident, and complex career woman who navigates her relations with people through an intense yet thoughtful prism. The convergence of Gina's experiences with a progressive, bohemian, and urban backdrop; provides an electrifying plot journey. The storyline offers the best of traditional soap romance, love stories, tragic happenings, and hairpin turns; done in a new, savvy, edgy format with unique character development, diversity of character, and tantalizing plot portrayal. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Days of Our Lives (1965 )Summaries A chronicle of the lives, loves, trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. "Like sands through the hourglass... so are the Days of Our Lives." These words, spoken by late cast member Macdonald Carey, open every episode of this daytime drama, chronicaling the trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Redline (2007)321) A gorgeous young automobile fanatic--and front to the hottest unsigned band on the West coast--finds herself caught up in illegal drag-racing competitions organized by exotic car fanatics. "Redline" is an auto/action thriller that features an extensive exotic car collection. The movie features a Phantom Rolls Royce, Lamborghini Murcielago, Enzo Ferrari, Ferrari F430, Ferrari Scaglietti and two Mercedes SLR McLaren AMGs. A $450,000 Porsche Carrera GT is actually crashed during one sequence. Eddie Griffin accidentally crashed and destroyed the Enzo Ferrari, one of only 400 ever produced. The film follows an ace driver who becomes part of illegal drag racing. Deidre Woollard Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with a $1 million bet between mob boss Michael (Angus Macfadyen) and film producer Jerry Brecken (Tim Matheson) over driving from Los Angeles, CA, to Las Vegas, NV, in under an hour and 45 minutes. Michael hands the keys to his Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren over to his driver Jason (Jesse Johnson). Using night-vision goggles and keeping the lights off to minimize police detection at over 200 mph, Jason manages to arrive at Brecken's hotel room seconds before the time limit - only to deliver a pack of "Hiagra" (a parody of Viagra). The next day, music producer Infamous (Eddie Griffin) and his entourage arrive at a garage to pick up his Ford GT. There, he meets the beautiful Natasha Martin (Nadia Bjorlin), who happens to own the garage. She is also a professional race car driver and lead singer for an aspiring band. However, she is sometimes haunted by memories of her father's death at a NASCAR race many years ago. In appreciation of her services on his Ford GT, Infamous invites Natasha and her band aboard his private jet en route to Las Vegas. Meanwhile, on another side of town, Carlo (Nathan Phillips) has just returned from a tour of duty in Iraq. He meets up with his brother Jason while fighting a group of Asian gang members attempting to steal Jason's Ferrari F430 Spider. Carlo is not happy that Jason is living with their uncle Michael, whom Carlo always sees as nothing but trouble. Little do they know that Michael has been running an unsuccessful counterfeiting ring and owes another crime organization millions of dollars. Carlo and Natasha first meet at a party in Las Vegas, where he saves her from a group of drunk partygoers harassing her. In the midst of the ensuing fight, Carlo and Jason bail out of the party and speed off in a Lamborghini Murcilago Roadster, while the thugs chase after them in a Ferrari 612 Scaglietti. The two brothers manage to lose the thugs by speeding through the underside of a truck trailer, while the thugs fail to clear the trailer and crash on several parked cars. On the outskirts of Las Vegas, a high-stakes race event is being held, with Michael, Brecken, Infamous and Chinese businessman Marcus Cheng (Michael Hagiwara) placing their bets over who has the better car. When Infamous' driver fakes an ankle injury, Infamous gives Natasha an offer to drive his car. Natasha is reluctant at first, but agrees to drive for Infamous in exchange for $300,000 and a recording contract. Little does she know that Infamous has to place her on his wager, as Michael - who has been obsessed with her since watching her perform on stage earlier - has placed four platinum bars at stake. Natasha (driving an SLR) takes on Jason (driving a Lamborghini Diablo). As they approach the finish line, Natasha is several car lengths ahead of Jason, but Jason quickly zips past her by engaging the onboard nitrous system. Unfortunately, because of the excessive speed, the Diablo loses downforce, flies off the ground and flips in mid-air before crashing upside down at the finish line. Attempting to avoid the falling Diablo, Natasha crashes on a barrier and is knocked unconscious. Before Carlo can reach Jason to rescue him, the Diablo bursts into flames, killing Jason instantly. Michael's henchmen, dressed as paramedics, place Natasha in an ambulance and speed off. Natasha wakes up in Michael's mansion, realizing that she is now his property. Meanwhile, Carlo meets up with some old military friends and picks up some ammunition and gear before riding a Ducati 999 towards Michael's mansion. After Carlo successfully rescues Natasha, Michael has his henchmen kidnap her mother and convince her to drive for him at the next race. In the final race, Michael, Brecken, Infamous and Cheng place their bets for a combined purse of $100 million. Shortly after the race begins, Natasha receives a phone call from Carlo notifying her that he has rescued her mother. Infamous and Cheng are eliminated from the race after their cars (an SLR and a Porsche Carrera GT, respectively) are involved in separate crashes. Natasha and Brechen are still on the race. As both cars reach the finish line, Natasha (driving Michael's Enzo Ferrari) is several car lengths ahead of Brecken's Saleen S7. The good news that Carlo told her on the phone earlier prompts her to slam the brakes hard, stopping the Enzo inches away from the finish line and giving the S7 the win. With no money left, Michael is given a last ride from the crime organization he owes money to. As a way of thanking Natasha for handing his driver the victory, Brecken gives her a recording contract (which shortly lands her on the cover of Variety), an Enzo and a Koenigsegg CCX. The film ends with Natasha (in the Koenigsegg) and Carlo (in the Enzo) racing each other before being chased by the police on the freeway. 
 NCIS (2003 )44) The cases of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service's Washington, D.C. Major Case Response Team, led by Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs. Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs is the leader of a team of special agents belonging to the NCIS (Naval Criminal Investigative Service) Major Case Response Team. Gibbs, a former Marine, is a tough investigator and a highly skilled interrogator who relies on his gut instinct as much as evidence. Gibbs' second in command is Senior Field Agent Tony DiNozzo, a womanizing, movie-quoting former Baltimore Homicide Detective, who despite being the class clown always gets the job done. The team also consists of probationary field agent Eleanor Bishop, a former NSA agent, as well as Junior Field Agent Timothy McGee, a computer-savvy agent often mocked by DiNozzo. Assisting them are Abby Sciuto, the energetic-but-Goth lab tech who is like a daughter to Gibbs, and Dr. Donald Mallard, nicknamed Ducky, the eccentric medical examiner full of unusual stories. This team of elite agents, based in Washington, D.C., solve criminal cases involving Marine and Navy personnel and their families, sometimes traveling the United States - or the world - to do it. NCIS Lover NCIS (Naval Criminal Investigative Service) is more than just an action drama. With liberal doses of humor, it's a show that focuses on the sometimes complex and always amusing dynamics of a team forced to work together in high-stress situations. NCIS Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs, a former Marine gunnery sergeant whose skills as an investigator are unmatched, leads this troupe of colorful personalities. Gibbs, a man of few words, only needs a look to explain it all. The team includes NCIS Special Agent Timothy McGee, an MIT graduate with a brilliance for computers; NCIS Special Agent Eleanor "Ellie" Bishop, a mysterious mixture of analytic brilliance, fierce determination and idealism who specializes in international threat assessment and global preparation; the charismatic, unpredictable and resilient NCIS Special Agent Nicholas "Nick" Torres, who has spent most of his career on solo undercover assignments; and NCIS Special Agent Jacqueline "Jack" Sloane, who built her reputation as the agency's premier forensic psychologist and enjoys challenging Gibbs. Assisting the team as the NCIS Historian is retired medical examiner Dr. Donald "Ducky" Mallard, who knows it all because he's seen it all; Ducky's protg, the nave Jimmy Palmer, who graduated from assistant to fully licensed medical examiner and now runs the morgue and Forensic Scientist Kasie Hines, Ducky's former graduate assistant who impressed Gibbs with her keen forensic skills during a critical time for the team. Overseeing operations is NCIS Director Leon Vance, an intelligent, highly trained agent who can always be counted on to shake up the status quo. From murder and espionage to terrorism and stolen submarines, these special agents investigate all crimes with Navy or Marine Corps ties. CBS The series follows the work of the Major Case Response Team, stationed in Washington, D.C. Supervised by Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs, a former Marine Gunnery Sergeant, and a thrice-divorced widower. The MCRT are the primary law enforcement and counterintelligence arm of the United States Department of the Navy, which includes the United States Marine Corps. NCIS investigates all major criminal offenses (felonies)-for example, crimes punishable under the Uniform Code of Military Justice by confinement of more than one year-within the Department of the Navy. The team specializes in crime scene examination, and the investigation of murders of Navy and Marine Corps personnel. Gibbs' team has included Caitlin Todd, who earned her stripes protecting the President as a member of the Secret Service; Anthony DiNozzo, a former Baltimore detective; Timothy McGee, a computer specialist and M.I.T. graduate; Eleanor Bishop, a former NSA security analyst and threat assessment specialist; Nicholas Torres, an undercover operative; Alexandra Quinn, a training officer who supervised the recruitment of Bishop and Torres; Ziva David, a former Mossad assassin; and Dr Jack Sloane, a no-nonsense senior agent and trained operational psychologist. Primarily dealing with cases along the East Coast, and acting under the supervision of successive NCIS Directors Jenny Shepard and Leon Vance, the team is supported by Abigail Sciuto, a forensic specialist; Kasie Hines, a forensic scientist; Jimmy Palmer, an Assistant Medical Examiner turned Chief Medical Examiner; Donald "Ducky" Mallard, a seasoned Chief Medical Examiner and NCIS Historian; and Clayton Reeves, an MI-6 officer assigned to liaise with NCIS from the SIS. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 