nm0000943:

 Tales from the Crypt: Demon Knight (1995)431) A man on the run is hunted by a demon known as the Collector. Brayker is a man who carries the last of seven keys, special containers which held the blood of Christ and were scattered across the universe to prevent the forces of evil from taking over. If The Collector gets the last key, the universe will fall into Chaos, and he has been tracking Brayker all the way to a small inn in a nowhere town. And now the final battle for the universe begins...... Michael Silva <silvamd@cleo.bc.edu> A man called Frank Brayker is driving a car through a desert road chased by another car. They crash and Brayker flees from the spot. He unsuccessfully tries to heist a car and stumbles upon the alcoholic Uncle Willy. Then he asks for a place to stay and Willy indicates a nearby bed and breakfast in an abandoned church. Brayker goes with Willy to the inn where he checks in with the owner Irene. He is introduced to the guests: the whore Cordelia; the postal clerk Wally Enfield and the maid Jeryline. Meanwhile, Sheriff Tupper and Deputy Bob Martel finds a man called The Collector near the accident that tells that Brayker is a thief that has stolen a key-like relic from him. When the crook Roach, he tells about the attempt of theft of a car, the suspicious Irene calls the Sheriff that comes with his Deputy and The Collector that tries to retrieve the relic. When the Sheriff decides to take Brayker and The Collector to the police station since both cars were stolen, The Collector kills him with a powerful punch. However Brayker uses the relic to expel The Collector to outside and he uses his blood on the soil to create demons. However Brayker uses blood from the relic to protect the inn. The Collector is unable to get in the place and uses his power to tempt each person inside the inn. Who will win the battle between good and evil? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Crypt keeper, while directing his new theatrical destruction, introduces this horror flick. It starts with Brayker (William Sadler), driving down a highway near a small town. He is being chased by a demon knight named The Collector, (Billy Zane) who is after an ancient relic that Brayker has. It contains the blood of Jesus, and deceased demon knights. That blood is the only thing that can stop a demon that powerful. Shortly after Brayker's car breakdown, Zane slams into it going over 100 m.p.h. Brayker escapes and makes it to a small hotel to hide out. The police show up and get a false story from The Collector who lies to them about Brayker and says that he stole the relic. Soon, the police bring The Collector to the motel to confront Brayker. After being arrested, Brayker gets free and the sheriff finds out that The Collector is no saint. Then, the fierce war begins. Brayker uses the relic to drive the collector from the motel, and The Collector summons an army of demons to help him kill Brayker and destroy the blood that can defeat him. Brayker has to get the 8 humans trapped inside through the night and orient his replacement. One by one the humans are possessed or conned and then killed by The Collector. The demons and the humans battle back and forth until The Collector's army is completely wiped out and Brayker and his new recruit, Jeryline (Jada Pinkett Smith) prepare for a final battle with the Collector for the survival of the human race. After the battle Brayker is dead and Jeryline kills The Collector. The movie ends when the new key guardian and a new Collector cross paths. 
 The Dream Team (1999 )Summaries One male Secret Agent and three female crimefighters masquerade as high-fashion models to battle international villains. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Baywatch (19892001)Summaries At a Los Angeles beach, a team of lifeguards led by Lieutenant Mitch Buchannon save lives, deal with personal dramas, fight crime and participate in over the top adventures on a daily basis. This long-running series follows the adventures of a team of lifeguards on a crowded resort beach. Veteran lifeguard Mitch Buchannon watches over the younger lifeguards that come and go with each passing season as they keep the beaches safe for vacationers. Frequently he must take action to save them from the raging seas and from the raging tempers that sometimes flare up between the young guards in this stressful job. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 East of Hollywood (2015)Summaries A mockumentary about an Asian American actor who attempts to be more Asian in hopes of landing a recurring role on a Network TV show. "East of Hollywood" is a short film that deals with the trials and tribulations of the average Asian American actor. Shot as a documentary, this comedy exaggerates the, sometimes degrading, nature of the casting process. Filled with cultural references, memorable characters, and a poignant story, this film raises important questions about Asian representation in the media, while still making audiences laugh out loud. Michael Tow It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 