nm0007956:

 My Neighbor's Keeper (2007 TV Movie)Summaries A housewife who is unable to have children becomes a surrogate mother when her best friend is murdered - creating suspicion among those around her. Kate Powell was a happy housewife with her husband Tim and accepted working with small children in hospital who lack motherly love. When her best friend Ann Harding gets murdered at Halloween, she becomes her little kids Logan and Ellie's surrogate mother, while widower Mike Harding, who wasn't home again, blames himself for having put his business before his marriage, and gets rid of some of his materialistic show pieces. Then the theory rises that Kate may have wanted kids too much... KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Whistler (20062007)Summaries Local snowboarding legend Beck McKaye returns home from the 2006 Torino Winter Olympics with a gold medal, only to be later found dead. "Whistler" focuses on the interrelationships primarily between three families - the McKayes, the Varlands and the Millers - longtime residents of the mountain resort town of Whistler, with some secrets coming to the surface which affect those relationships. The McKayes are a working class snowboarding family who own a local tavern. Father Ethan, once a world ranked snowboarder in his younger days, blames everything bad in their lives on the Varlands. Oldest son Beck MacKaye is the snowboarding hotshot, while younger son Quinn McKaye, despite loving his brother, is often the neglected one in Beck's shadows. Ethan's younger brother Ryan McKaye is seen as the black sheep of the family, partly because he happily works for the Varlands, cleaning up their messes. The wealthy Varlands own a number of businesses globally, the most prominent local one being the upscale Varland Resort. Adrien Varland places the financial bottom line over everything else, including his family. The working class Miller sisters, who just lost their mother to cancer and whose father has long been out of their lives, are primarily linked to the McKayes through past and current romantic relationships. Whistler gets turned upside down when Beck wins a gold medal at the 2006 Olympics, and as he contemplates how to capitalize on his new celebrity, is found dead two weeks later at the bottom of a snowboard run in Whistler. A mystery surfaces when the McKayes believe, against the coroner's report, that Beck was murdered, and was placed on the hill post-mortem, Quinn and Ryan in particular who place their energies in finding out if that was indeed the case, why he was killed, and who the culprit is. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Barber (2002)Summaries Town barber Dexter Miles is surprised to overhear, while cutting the hair of police chief Vance Corgan, that the body of a woman he murdered a few days before has been recovered. He had hope that the body would not be found until spring. When the perfect murder is foiled by an unexpected twist and darkness descends on a small Alaskan town, a madman's hunger for blood grows in this thriller from director Michael Bafaro. As a blanket of darkness settles over Revelstoke, AK, for a period of 24 hours, local barber Dexter Miles and the rest of the citizens realize that winter's chill is soon to follow. No one would suspect a man like Dexter Miles to be a cold-blooded killer, but when Dexter overhears the sheriff mention that the body of Lucy Waters has been discovered, he quickly realizes that his dark secret is about to break wide open. Having only murdered Lucy a few days prior, Dexter had hoped that authorities wouldn't discover her body until the spring thaw. Now, as the big-city detectives cloaked in the darkness of the Alaskan winter arrive to investigate the murder, Dexter once again feels the thrill of the kill -- and he's starting to like it. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Supernatural (20052020)77) Two brothers follow their father's footsteps as hunters, fighting evil supernatural beings of many kinds, including monsters, demons and gods that roam the earth. John Winchester raised his two sons Sam and Dean to hunt and kill all things that go "bump in the night" after his wife Mary was murdered by an evil supernatural being when the boys were little. 22 years later the brothers set out on a journey, fighting evil along the way, to find their recently-missing father; when they finally do he reveals he knows what demon killed their mother and has found a way to track and kill it. Meanwhile, Sam develops frightening abilities such as seeing visions of people dying before it actually happens. These visions are somehow connected to the demon that murdered his mother and its mysterious plans that seem to be all about Sam. When their father dies striking a deal with that very same demon, the brothers determine to finish his crusade. But disturbing revelations about Sam's part in the demon's apocalyptic plan are presented when John's dying last words to Dean are revealed. Rachel B. Brothers Sam and Dean Winchester follow in their father's footsteps, hunting down evil supernatural creatures like monsters, demons, and even fallen gods, while trying to save innocent people. Continuing the "family business" after their father's death, the brothers soon learn that the "hunt" doesn't just involve slashing and hacking monsters and demons, but also dealing with more powerful creatures such as angels, reapers, and even Death. Tilsen K. Brothers Sam and Dean Winchester are out to kill every evil thing in this world. When Dean was 4 and Sam only 6 months old, their mother Mary was killed and their father John determined to find and kill the demon that killed her, and raised their boys to be "HUNTERS" of all things evil. Their motto: SAVING PEOPLE, HUNTING THINGS, THE FAMILY BUSINESS. After John's death the boys continue the family business with help from a few other hunters, traveling cross country, killing as many monsters as possible and saving as many people as they can, at the same time learning that "Family don't end with blood". They will do whatever it takes to save each other and their "FAMILY"--they'll go up against demons, vampires, werewolves, shapeshifters, demigods, witches, the Four Horsemen, and even angels. They lose family and find new people they call family. They have gone to heaven and hell for each other and will do it all over again. Because that's what FAMILY does and "Family don't end with blood." prkitten80 Supernatural follows brothers Sam and Dean Winchester as they travel across the country hunting supernatural beings with help from their Angel friend Castiel and the King of Hell Crowley along with some other hunters they meet along the way. sadie-kathleen1022 Raised by their father to be hunters of all evil and supernatural, the two Winchester brothers are now reunited. Their mission is to hunt down demons and monsters of all sorts. Two brothers soon became a team and best friends driving along across the USA. dominikmajdak The show follows brothers Sam and Dean Winchester, who travel across America in a black 1967 Chevy Impala investigating and combating paranormal events and other unexplained occurrences, many of them based on American urban legends and folklore, as well as classic supernatural creatures such as vampires, werewolves, and ghosts. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 