nm0005512:

 Ip Man 3 (2015)321) When a band of brutal gangsters led by a crooked property developer make a play to take over a local school, Master Ip is forced to take a stand. The year is 1959, where Ip Man lives in Hong Kong with his wife and his younger son. Trouble arises when a corrupt property developer and his thugs terrorize the school where Ip Man's son goes to. Ip Man and his disciples have to help the police guard the school day and night. On the other hand, Ip Man has to deal with his wife's terminal sickness, and at the same time faces a challenge from another Wing Chun fighter who ambitiously seeks to claim the Wing Chun Grandmaster title. heyitsnuel Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1959, Ip Man is settling into his low-profile life in Hong Kong. His elder son, Ip Chun, has returned to Foshan to study, leaving him with his younger son Ip Ching and his wife Cheung Wing-sing in Hong Kong. Bruce Lee visits Ip and asks to become one of his students. After Lee demonstrates his speed, Ip neither accepts nor rejects him, but insinuates for him to leave by opening the door. After Ip Ching gets into a fight with his schoolmate, Cheung Fung, their teacher, Miss Wong, asks the parents to come to the school, though only the Ips arrive. As an apology, the Ip family invite Cheung Fung to their home for dinner. At Ip's house, Cheung Fung displays rudimentary yet impressive Wing Chun skills. When Ip asks the boy who his mentor is, he says that it is his father, Cheung Tin-chi, who shows up to pick up his son shortly after. Although Cheung interacts cordially with Ip, he secretly envies and seeks to surpass him, participating successfully in underground fights to earn extra money. The organizer, Ma King-sang, a local triad leader, also works for Frank, an American property developer and highly proficient boxer. Frank orders Ma to acquire a piece of land occupied by the school where Ip Ching and Cheung Fung study. Ma asks for a month for it to be done, but is threatened into assuring that it will be done within two weeks. The next day, when Ip goes to pick up his son from school, he witnesses Ma and his men coercing and beating the headmaster, who refuses to sell them the school. Ip interferes and restrains Ma, but is forced to let him go. Ip seeks help from his close friend "Fat Po", a local police detective. Fat Po agrees to help Ip, but claims a shortage of manpower and influence. Ip then decides to guard the school alongside his students. That night, they fend off an attack by Ma's men, who attempt to set fire to the school and kidnap the headmaster. Cheung, who happened to be passing by, helps fight off the invaders and rescues the headmaster. Cheung's skills impress Ip, and he thanks Cheung for his help. Tin Ngo-san, a local martial arts master and Ma's former mentor, is enraged by Ma's unscrupulous acts, and accompanied by Ip, confronts Ma at the Hong Kong shipyard where he humiliates him in front of his men. Ma retaliates with a hidden knife, but Ip is able to stop him. Fat Po arrives and keeps the situation at bay, but Ip eventually lets Ma go again to de-escalate the situation. Ma finds Cheung and offers him a large sum of money to get revenge against Tin on his behalf. Desperate to open his own martial arts school, Cheung accepts the offer and is able to put Tin in the hospital. Ip receives a call from the hospital and visits Tin. Upon learning that Tin did not call him, Ip realizes it was a set-up by Ma to lure him away from the school, so that his gang could kidnap some of the students, including Ip Ching and Cheung Fung. Ip arrives alone at Ma's shipyard, where Ma holds Ip Ching at knife point and threatens to sell the children into slavery if the headmaster refuses to surrender the school. Upon learning that his son was also kidnapped, Cheung arrives and is allowed to leave with his son due to being an associate; but after his son tells him that they still have his friends, he returns and fights alongside Ip. Ip and Cheung are able to hold their own until a troop of policemen led by Fat Po comes to arrest the gang, while Ma flees. After the incident, Frank dismisses Ma and sends a Thai boxer to go after Ip instead. Returning home, Ip learns that Wing-sing has been diagnosed with cancer and may live only another six months. While taking Wing-sing home from a medicine shop, Ip is attacked in an elevator by the Thai boxer, who is defeated before the elevator reaches the ground floor. Fat Po later tells Ip about Frank, who wants to eliminate Ip at all costs for obstructing his plans. Ip decides to confront Frank in his office, where he engages Ip in a three-minute fight, promising to leave him alone if he can just last the three minutes. Ip is initially overwhelmed by his opponent's sheer muscle and force but begins turning the tide when he attacks Frank's lower half and they fight to a draw after the three minutes pass; Frank keeps his promise. Cheung, with the money he obtained from Ma earlier, opens his martial arts school, and claims that his Wing Chun is genuine while Ip's is not. Cheung proceeds to build his reputation by defeating a number of martial arts masters. Finally, he challenges Ip to a battle that will decide who is the true Grandmaster of Wing Chun. Meanwhile, Ip spends more time with his ailing wife, ashamedly feeling that he had neglected her earlier. Ip refuses to attend the match, instead going out dancing with Wing-sing, instructed by Lee, whom Ip finally accepts as a student. Due to Ip's failure to attend, Cheung is declared the winner, although he seems unsatisfied by Ip's refusal to fight him. Wing-sing, despite being happy about Ip's decision to accompany her, makes an appointment with Cheung for another match on Ip's behalf, as she guesses that Ip would have attended if not for her condition. Wing-sing accompanies Ip to the fight. After a battle with six and a half point poles, butterfly swords and an empty-handed fight, Ip eventually overpowers Cheung with a one-inch punch. Accepting defeat, Cheung destroys the banner that proclaimed himself to be the Grandmaster. Ip tells him that spending time with their closest ones is more important than competing. In the epilogue, it is revealed that Wing-sing died in 1960, and that Ip helped make Wing Chun well known internationally and left a legacy. 
 The Hangover (2009)761) Three buddies wake up from a bachelor party in Las Vegas, with no memory of the previous night and the bachelor missing. They make their way around the city in order to find their friend before his wedding. Angelenos Doug Billings and Tracy Garner are about to get married. Two days before the wedding, the four men in the wedding party - Doug, Doug's two best buddies Phil Wenneck and Stu Price, and Tracy's brother Alan Garner - hop into Tracy's father's beloved Mercedes convertible for a 24-hour stag party to Las Vegas. Phil, a married high school teacher, has the same maturity level as his students when he's with his pals. Stu, a dentist, is worried about everything, especially what his controlling girlfriend Melissa thinks. Because she disapproves of traditional male bonding rituals, Stu has to lie to her about the stag, he telling her that they are going on a wine tasting tour in the Napa Valley. Regardless, he intends on eventually marrying her, against the advice and wishes of his friends. And Alan seems to be unaware of what are considered the social graces of the western world. The morning after their arrival in Las Vegas, they awaken in their hotel suite each with the worst hangover. None remembers what happened in the past twelve or so hours. The suite is in shambles. And certain things are in the suite that shouldn't be, and certain things that should be in the suite are missing. Probably the most important in the latter category is Doug. As Phil, Stu and Alan try to find Doug using only what little pieces of information they have at hand, they go on a journey of discovery of how certain things got into the suite and what happened to the missing items. However they are on a race for time as if they can't find Doug in the next few hours, they are going to have to explain to Tracy why they are not yet back in Los Angeles. And even worse, they may not find Doug at all before the wedding. Huggo Two days before his wedding with the wealthy Tracy Garner, Doug Billings travels to his bachelor party in Las Vegas with his best friends, the school teacher Phil Wenneck and the dentist Stu Price, and Tracy's unconventional brother Alan Garner. Tracy's father lends his convertible Mercedez Benz that is his pride and joy to Doug with many recommendations. The quartet rents the best suite in the Caesar's Palace and they go to the roof to celebrate. Alan proposes a toast to Doug and they drink his booze. On the next morning, Phil, Stu and Alan have a hangover and they do not recall what they did last night; the room is upside down; Doug is missing; there is a baby in the wardrobe; a tiger in the bedroom; a chicken in the room; Stu has a missing tooth; and Doug is missing. The trio tries to track down last night to find what happened and sooner they discover that Stu married the stripper Jade (heather Graham) and Alan has spiked their booze with "Good Morning, Cinderella" in the beginning of their crazy night. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Three friends - Doug Billings, Stu Price, and Phil Wenneck head to Las Vegas for a promising epic bachelor party. They take along Alan Garner, Doug's fiance's unhinged brother - along for the ride. What happens in the next 24 hours they will never forget - or remember. Alan, Stu, and Phil all wake up in a luxury villa at Caesar's Palace - to find Doug, the guest of honor - missing. They also find a chicken, a tiger, a random baby, a missing tooth, and a parking stub. As they put together the pieces of the night before they soon realize that there is more to this story than once thought. And did Stu get married to a stripper? And where is Doug? halo1k If everything goes according to plan, in less than forty-eight hours, husband-to-be, Doug, will walk down the aisle with his sweetheart, Tracy. Bent on throwing the bachelor party to end all bachelor parties, Doug's bosom friends and groomsmen, schoolteacher, Phil, and Stu, the dentist, head to dazzling Las Vegas on a borrowed 1965 Mercedes-Benz 220SE convertible. However, instead of spending a wild night drinking and gambling, the boys, along with Tracy's socially inept brother, Alan, wake up in a trashed, $4,200-a-night suite at Caesars Palace, having no recollection of what has happened the night before. Now, as if that weren't enough, an incisor is missing, there is a terrifying Bengal tiger in the bathroom, and Doug has vanished into thin air. But, the clock is ticking, and it seems that Doug and Tracy's union is just not going to happen. Will those two manage to tie the knot after all? Nick Riganas Just two days before his marriage with Tracy Garner, Doug Billings, in the company of two friends: Phil Wenneck and Stu Price; and Tracy's eccentric brother, Alan, head out to party in Vegas. Driving his father's Mercedez, they rent a pricey villa at Caesar's and head for the rooftop to have a good time. Three of them later wake up with a hangover, unable to re-collect what exactly happened. With the villa in a wreck, they find that they have a baby in the closet; a grown tiger in the bathroom; Stu has a missing tooth and a hooker for a bride; and Doug is missing. Hilarious chaos results as the trio head out to re-trace their steps as well as try to locate Doug and bring him home in one piece before the wedding. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Phil (Bradley Cooper) on the phone in the middle of the desert. He is calling the fiancee of his best friend Doug (Justin Bartha) and tells her that they messed up. "We lost Doug." The fiance, Tracy Garner (Sasha Barrese), freaks out because she and Doug are supposed to get married in 5 hours. "That's not going to happen." Two days earlier, Doug and his soon-to-be brother-in-law Alan (Zach Galifianakis) are trying on tuxedos. Alan says it's OK if Doug doesn't bring him to the bachelor party tonight. Alan is severely socially inept but Doug makes it clear that he wants Alan to be there with him. Since they are going to be brothers soon, they have to look out for each other. Doug goes to talk to his future father-in-law, Sid Garner (Jeffery Tambor), and is given permission to take his Mercedes to Vegas for the bachelor party since Sid remembers what it was like to be a young man. Doug thanks him and promises that he will be the only one to drive the car that day. Doug and Alan then leave to pick up the others. Doug's best friend Phil is a high school teacher reminding one of his classes to pay 90 dollars for a field trip to an observatory, which they all promptly pay. Phil then removes the $3500 from their envelopes and puts them into an envelope marked Vegas. He grabs his bag, ignores a student and jumps into the Mercedes. The group then goes to get their last member. Stu (Ed Helms), a dentist, is at home arguing with his girlfriend, Melissa (Rachael Harris), about the bachelor party. Stu tells her that they are going to Napa Valley for a wine tasting. Melissa is convinced, however, that Phil will find a way to find a strip club. Melissa treats Stu very badly, but Stu takes it with a smile and tries to kiss her but she won't have any of it. The guys arrive and Stu leaves with them. The group drives to Las Vegas and check into Caesars Palace. They try to decide how to pay and Phil volunteers Stu's credit card as the main payment method. Stu flatly refuses, telling Phil that Melissa would see the charges and realize that they went to Vegas. Doug tells Stu that they'll sort out the payment when they check out. They go upstairs to get ready for their 1st night out. Stu tells Doug and Phil that he's going to propose to Melissa and use his grandmother's Holocaust ring as an engagement ring. While Doug congratulates Stu, Phil openly points out that Melissa is a controlling bitch. Stu and Phil get into an argument and Phil tells Stu that Melissa is clearly not a good person since she cheated on Stu when she slept with a bartender on a cruise. At that point, Alan comes in with a satchel and asks the guys if they're ready to let the dogs out. The four go to the roof and make a toast. Alan treats everyone to a shot of Jgermeister and then reads an awkward speech to the group telling them how the four of them are like a pack of wolves. Phil then tells the others that he's toasting them to a night they will never forget. Time passes as we see the night skyline of Las Vegas change slowly into the next morning. A woman walks out of the room carrying her stiletto heels. Stu comes to on the floor with blood on his shirt. Phil is sleeping on the floor and Alan wakes up on the couch. The room is a complete mess. A chair is horribly burned, statues litter the room, and there are a bunch of champagne bottles aligned as bowling pins. Alan goes to the bathroom and sees a live tiger. Phil wakes up when Alan steps on him and thinks that Alan is imagining things. He laughs at the fact that there is a tiger in the bathroom and tells Stu that his head hurts. Stu realizes that he's missing a tooth and Phil can't help but laugh. He stops once they realize Doug is nowhere to be found. They also note that Doug's mattress is missing. During their search, they hear a baby crying in the closet. They don't know whose baby it is but decide to take it with them to breakfast. At breakfast, Alan makes the baby pretend-masturbate for the guys and lovingly dubs him "Carlos." Phil, Stu and Alan realize that they can't remember anything from the night before. They check their pockets for clues to what happened last night. Alan has Stu's tooth, Stu has a receipt for an $800 withdrawal at the Bellagio, and Phil has a hospital bracelet on his wrist. They decide to make the hospital their first stop. Outside the hotel, the trio waits for the valet to bring around their car. They notice a cleaning crew removing a mattress impaled on Caesar's statue on an upper level of the hotel. Phil notes that they must have had a wild night. The valet drives up, not in the Mercedes, but in a police car and gives Phil the keys. They drive off and head to the hospital to get a lead on where Doug is. The ER doctor tells them that Phil was admitted with a mild concussion and that Doug was with them when they visited. Phil bribes him for more information and the doctor tells him that they had just come from a wedding at a chapel a few blocks away. The doctor also tells Phil that he had high traces of "ruphylin" (referring to the date-rape drug known as "roofies") in his system. Phil freaks out at the possibility of having been raped, but the doctor tells him he wasn't. The trio decides to head there. When they arrive at the chapel, they are greeted like family by the proprietor, Eddy. They can't remember why, but soon found out that Stu married a woman named Jade (Heather Graham) the night before and that everyone was present for the wedding. Stu freaks out a little, Phil looks into an annulment and Eddy gives them Jade's address. The trio head to the car and as they pull out, they are confronted by a pair of Asian gangsters demanding that the trio return someone they kidnapped. The gangsters pull out guns and threaten the trio before accidentally shooting Eddy in the shoulder. Phil drives the car out of the lot. They get to Jade's and find her on the phone freaking out because she couldn't find her baby, who turns out to be named Tyler. She sees Stu and is happy to see him but he freaks when he finds out that she's a stripper who works as an escort and he gave her his grandmother's Holocaust ring. The group is interrupted by the arrival of two police officers who arrest the trio for stealing their car. At the police station, Phil decides to call Tracy and tells her that they are enjoying Vegas so much they are staying an extra day. He doesn't tell her that they lost Doug and is forced to hang up when they are taken to the interrogation room. The two officers are angry that the trio stole their car and want to hold them over to be arraigned the following Monday. Phil explains the situation and then attempts to blackmail them into a deal (for losing track of their squad car), which backfires. The officers agree to let the guys off the hook but trick all three into being test subjects for a group of kids, demonstrating the effects of a Taser. The guys agree and weather the effects of being shocked by both the police and a couple of the kids, one of which is determined to get revenge on Alan when Alan kicked him lightly in the squad room. After the demonstration, the trio head over to recover the Mercedes that the police impounded. Stu is surprised that the car is in pristine condition and they then drive back toward the hotel to see if Doug went back. On the way they hear a knocking in the trunk and think that Doug is in the trunk of the car. They open it only to have a flamboyant and naked Asian man named Leslie Chow (Ken Jeong) jump out with a crowbar and attack them. After he runs off naked, Alan admits that he spiked their Jgermeister with the roofies, thinking they were Ecstasy pills. Stu flips out, but Phil plays it cool and the trio returns to the hotel. They are about to enter the hotel room when they remember the tiger. They cautiously open the door to find Mike Tyson and his bodyguard in the room. Tyson is singing "In the Air Tonight" by Phil Collins, getting the guys to join in before knocking Alan out cold. It turns out the tiger belonged to Tyson and the reason they were able to find the hotel room was because they found Doug's jacket and room key in the tiger cage. The trio are terrified because Tyson implies that the tiger may have eaten Doug. Tyson gives them an hour to bring the tiger back to his house. Alan puts five roofies into a raw steak in order to knock out the tiger, and two hours later they cart the tiger into the Mercedes. While driving to Tyson's mansion, the tiger wakes up and scratches Phil's neck. The trio gets out of the car and pushes it the last mile of the way while the tiger chews up the interior of the car. Upon arriving at the mansion, Tyson shows them a security tape of them stealing the tiger and Alan urinating into Tyson's grotto pond. Doug was with them and they put it into a police car but not before Phil screamed, "Look, I'm raping Tyson's tiger" and pantomiming having sex with the animal. Tyson asks where they got the cop car, and gives them props when they tell him they stole it. With no further leads, the group heads back to the hotel. On the way to the hotel, Chow and his men crash their car into the Mercedes and force it into a pole. They tell Phil that he kidnapped Chow, calling him "my lucky charm" and that he wanted to take Chow home with them. The gangsters also noticed that Alan took Chow's purse (which resembles Alan's satchel) with him and that the satchel Chow carried had $80,000 worth of Bellagio casino chips. Phil says they'll return the money, and Chow gives them until sunrise to get it to them and shows them that he has Doug in his SUV with a hood over his face. The gang returns to the hotel and can't find the satchel. They call Jade and let Alan try counting cards in order to win back the $80,000. Alan is a success and they make over $82,000. Just as the security men are about to move in on them for card counting, Jade fakes an accident and Alan and Phil get away. The group drives to the meeting point to make the exchange. They give Chow $80,000 in cash and Chow gives them Doug. Unfortunately, it's the wrong Doug. The Doug that Chow's gangster kidnapped (Mike Epps), who is African American, turns out to be the man who sold Alan the bad Ecstasy. Phil gets mad and tells Chow to give them back their money and to take "Black Doug" with him. Chow refuses and drives away. Phil decides that it is time to end the charade and tell Tracy what happened. We hear the opening play in the background as Black Doug, Stu and Alan discuss the reasoning behind the name roofies. Stu then realizes that they put Doug on the roof of Caesars Palace as a joke but forgot him and locked him up there. The mattress on the statue of Caesar was thrown there by Doug while trying to signal for help. Stu immediately tackles Phil and takes the phone away from him. He tells Tracy that Phil is drunk and that they are heading back now with Doug. The trio race to the hotel and find Doug sunburned and huddling for shade on the roof. Doug attacks Phil when Phil tells him that he is going to miss his own wedding. The group checks out and races to the now ruined Mercedes. Stu and Jade have a heart-to-heart talk and Jade tells him she knows the marriage was a mistake and gives him back his ring. Stu asks her if she wants to go on a date next weekend and she agrees. She also tells him that the reason Stu is missing a tooth is because Alan told him that he wasn't a good enough dentist if he couldn't remove his own tooth. Doug pulls out the missing satchel with Chow's $80,000 in casino chips. It had been left with him on the roof. Phil speeds down the highway on the way to the wedding. A tuxedo shop van drives up and tosses them four tuxedos that they ordered via phone. The group arrive at the wedding a few minutes late. Tracy walks down the aisle with Sid and asks Doug what happened. He explains what happened and tells her it will never happen again as long as they are married. Tracy forgives him and the two get married. Phil is happy to see his wife and son at the reception and spends the evening happy to be home. Alan and Stu are drinking at the bar when Melissa shows up. Melissa is mad that Stu didn't call at all and ignored her calls. She flips out when she sees he's missing a tooth. Stu finally can't take it anymore and flips out on her. She asks him when their relationship stopped working and Stu loudly announces that it was over when she had sex with the sailor on the cruise. Phil smiles proudly while Doug and Tracy look on in shock. Alan corrects him by saying it was a bartender, and Stu laughs. He tells Alan that they should go dance, which they do. Afterwards, Alan hits on Melissa and gets shot down. The guys are all gathered on the patio when Alan walks up with Stu's camera he found lodged in the backseat of the car; it contains photos of their adventures and mishaps in Las Vegas. They decide to look at the photos once and then delete the evidence. During the credits, the pictures are shown: * A bunch of photos with Phil, Doug, Alan and Stu hanging out with strippers * Stu and Jade hooking up at the strip club. * Chow, Alan and Phil gambling * Phil and Doug doing cocaine with Carrot Top * Doug posing in front of Tyson's mansion with the stolen police car and the officer's shotgun * Tyson asleep next to a blonde * Alan asleep next to Tyson and a blonde * Alan firing a shotgun at the statue at Caesars Palace * Doug asleep on the roof * Alan pretending to rape Doug * Alan getting a blow job from a hotel maid * Stu and Jade's wedding * Stu ripping his tooth out of his mouth with pliers and the aftermath * The guys together before the night began. 
 The Hangover Part II (2011)651) Two years after the bachelor party in Las Vegas, Phil, Stu, Alan, and Doug jet to Thailand for Stu's wedding. Stu's plan for a subdued pre-wedding brunch, however, goes seriously awry. Stu is getting married. Along with Doug, Phil, and his soon-to-be brother-in-law Teddy, he regretfully invites Alan to Thailand for the wedding. After a quiet night on the beach with a beer and toasting marshmallows by the camp fire, Stu, Alan and Phil wake up in a seedy apartment in Bangkok. Doug is back at the resort, but Teddy is missing, there's a monkey with a severed finger, Alan's head is shaved, Stu has a tattoo on his face, and they can't remember any of it. The wolf-pack retrace their steps through strip clubs, tattoo parlors and cocaine-dealing monkeys on the streets of Bangkok as they try and find Teddy before the wedding. napierslogs The dentist, Stu Price, is getting married to Lauren in Thailand and his best friends Doug Billings, Phil Wenneck and Alan Garner travel for the wedding. After the dinner party, Doug, Phil and Alan invite Stu to drink a beer around a bonfire on the beach with Lauren's brother Teddy. Phil brings a pack of beers and marshmallows to the group. On the next morning, Phil, Stu and Alan have a hangover and they do not recall what they did last night; their room is upside down; Teddy is missing; there is a little monkey in the room. Teddy's finger is in a glass of water; Alan's head is shaved; and Stu has a tattoo on his face. The trio tries to track down last night to find what happened and sooner they discover Mr. Chow on the floor under the carpet. They learn that they are in Bangkok and Mr. Chow sniffs cocaine before telling what happened last night. However he dies and Phil, Stu and Alan follow a lead to begin to unravel their crazy night. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It seems that some people never learn, and only two short years after that fateful night in The Hangover (2009) , the original Wolf Pack, Phil and Doug, along with the awkward fourth wheel, Alan, find themselves in exotic Thailand for Stu's wedding to charming Lauren. Next thing they know, the boys wake up in a seedy Bangkok hotel, and to make matters worse, there's no sign of Teddy, Lauren's brilliant sixteen-year-old brother. Of course, none of them can remember what has happened the night before. Now, apart from a severed ring finger, a tiny Capuchin monkey, and the team's nemesis, Leslie Chow, lying on the floor, the team is clueless. But, once more, time is against them, and before getting back to Stu and Lauren's wedding ceremony on time, last night's survivors must first piece together the fragments of yesterday's trail of destruction through the underbelly of the city. Can the amnesiac band decode the missing hours before it is too late? Nick Riganas A group of friends again experience a wild bachelor party night, this time in Thailand where, like their previous escapades in Las Vegas, they can't remember much and try to piece together the night in order to find a group member who's now missing. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two years after their escapade in Las Vegas, Stu (Ed Helms), Phil (Bradley Cooper), Doug (Justin Bartha), and Alan (Zach Galifianakis) are traveling to Thailand to celebrate Stu's wedding to his fiance, Lauren (Jamie Chung). Much to Alan's dismay, they are joined by Lauren's younger brother, Teddy (Mason Lee), a prodigy and pre-medical student at Stanford University. At the wedding reception, Lauren's father shows his disapproval of Stu by comparing him to rice porridge in his toast. At the end of the night, Stu hesitantly joins Phil, Doug, Alan and Teddy for a beer. Sitting at a campfire and roasting marshmallows, the group toast to Stu and Lauren's future happiness. The following morning, Phil, Stu and Alan, along with gangster Leslie Chow (Ken Jeong) (whom Alan befriended after Las Vegas) and a chainsmoking capuchin monkey, awaken in a dirty hotel room in Bangkok. Stu has a face tattoo, and Alan's head is completely shaven. However, they cannot find Teddy, only discovering his severed finger. Chow begins recalling the events of the prior night, but his heart stops after snorting a line of cocaine. Panicked, the trio dispose of Chow's body in an ice machine. Through Doug (who left early the preceding night and is still at the resort where the wedding is to be held), they find out that Teddy is waiting in jail. Upon arriving at the prison, they are given a handicapped elderly Buddhist monk, who has taken a vow of silence. The trio and the monk travel to a bar after finding a business card only to see the entire neighborhood smouldering in ruins. They enter a nearby tattoo parlor, where they are told that they had started a fight in the club that escalated into a riot. The trio then return the monk to his Buddhist temple, where they are encouraged by the head monk to meditate to help remember past events. Alan is able to recall a strip club that they had gone to. There, they learn that Stu had engaged in sex with a katoey prostitute at the bar (with Stu being on the receiving end). Upon exiting, the trio are attacked by two Russian mobsters from whom they had apparently stolen the monkey, and Phil is shot in the arm. After Phil is treated at a clinic, Alan confesses that he had drugged some of the marshmallows from the previous night with muscle relaxants and ADHD medication in order to sedate Teddy but accidentally mixed up the bags. Stu attacks Alan leading them to notice an address and time point for a meeting written on Alan's stomach. The trio arrive at a luxurious hotel to find another gangster, Kingsley (Paul Giamatti), who demands Chow's bank account code and password by the next morning in exchange for Teddy. They return to the hotel to try to find Chow's password, only to discover that he is still alive. After Chow explains that he had hidden the code in the monkey's jacket, they steal the monkey back from the Russian mobsters through a violent car chase, during which the monkey is shot and injured. After taking the code and leaving the monkey at a veterinary clinic, the group return to Kingsley's hotel to complete the deal. Suddenly, Interpol agents appear and arrest Chow. Kingsley turns out to be an undercover agent, who tells the trio that the police have searched all day for Teddy but were unable to find him. Desperate and out of clues, Phil once again calls Doug's wife Tracy to inform her of their dilemma. Stu then has an epiphany and realizes that Teddy must have woken up in the middle of the night to get more ice for his severed finger (after the first bucket of ice had melted) but became trapped after the power went out while he was ascending. The trio rush back to the hotel and find Teddy in the elevator unharmed (albeit still missing a finger). The four use Chow's speedboat, the keys for which were in Teddy's pocket, to travel back to the wedding reception. Arriving just as Lauren's father is about to cancel the wedding, Stu makes a defiant speech where he rejects being boring and instead states that he is in fact quite wild. Impressed by Stu's sudden display of authority and confidence, Lauren's father finally accepts him and gives the couple his blessing. After the wedding continues on, Alan presents Stu with a special gift at the post-reception dance: a musical guest performance by Mike Tyson. Later at night as Phil, Stu, Alan, Doug, and Tyson reminisce about all of their crazy escapades, Teddy discovers that he had taken many pictures during the night on his mobile phone. Once again, the group agree to look at the pictures together once before erasing the evidence of their exploits 
 Rocky Balboa (2006)541) Thirty years after the ring of the first bell, Rocky Balboa comes out of retirement and dons his gloves for his final fight against the reigning heavyweight champ Mason 'The Line' Dixon. When he loses a highly publicized virtual boxing match to ex-champ Rocky Balboa, reigning heavyweight titleholder Mason Dixon retaliates by challenging the Itallian Stallion to a nationally televised, 10-round exhibition bout. To the surprise of his son and friends, Rocky agrees to come out of retirement and face an opponent who's faster, stronger and thirty years his junior. With the odds stacked firmly against him, Rocky takes on Dixon in what will become the greatest fight in boxing history, a hard-hitting, action-packed battle of the ages. Shawn Ashley Rocky Balboa is a longtime retired boxer and remembered by most as one of the greatest boxing champions in the world. He now lives back in the skids of Philadelphia but manages a good life including running his restaurant Adrian's, helping an adult Little Marie and her son Steps, and saying hello at any opportunity to his estranged son Robert. After seeing a virtual fight of Rocky in his prime vs. heavyweight champion Mason "the Line" Dixon, Rocky's interest in fighting sparks again and he plans to fight in local clubs. Mason Dixon and his managers have a different agenda though, with a plan to pit Rocky vs. Mason in real life for a publicity act to regain Mason's lost respect from his fans. Finally agreeing to Mason Dixon's proposal, Rocky prepares to step in the ring for one last time. commanderblue A widower of many years now Rocky has fallen into a routine of looking back to his past. A coincidental meeting with a girl that is now all grown up gets him back on track. Rocky always wanting to help those that he cares about lends a hand out for her and her son. Rocky now owns a small restaurant in the heart of Philly, he finds himself telling stories to those that ask about old fights and taking photos with his fans. Paulie, his wife's brother shows him an ESPN exclusive about a virtual fight between reigning undefeated heavy weight champion of the world Mason "The Line" Dixon. The virtual bout intrigues everyone with Rocky "the Italion Stallion" as the winner. Rocky feels like he needs to get back in the ring not for a title shot, but for some local fights that will satisfy his love of the game. When Rocky is approached by Dixon's managers Rocky can't turn the semi charity event down. After tying things back up with his son, Rocky, Duke (his former trainer), Paulie, and Rocky Jr. get to work training the still in shape former 2 time heavy weight champion of the world. You'll be inspired by the heart vs skill bout of ten amazing rounds. RCG_Sk8ter_ Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the past 1 years (1990-2006) since the end of the last Rocky movie, Rocky Balboa (Sylvester Stalone) is a retired boxer who owns an Italian themed restaurant in Philadelphia named after his beloved wife Adrian (flashbacks to the original portrayal by Talia Shire), who passed away from ovarian cancer in 2002. He visits her gravesite regularly, and takes a tour of notable landmarks in Philadelphia that remind him of their time together. Their only son, Robert (Milo Ventimiglia), has entered the corporate world and works at a firm in downtown Philadelphia. The relationship between father and son is strained. Robert feels resentment about living in the shadow of his famous father. Rocky still sees his brother-in-law Paulie (Burt Young) on a regular basis. He begrudgingly joins Rocky on the tour of his life with Adrian, but it pains him to do so because he knows he did not treat his sister very well. Rocky reminds him that Adrian loved him too. At the end of his yearly tour, he stops at the Lucky Seven tavern, which he would pass by on his way to Mickey's gym during his boxing career. The bartender is Marie, a grown woman Rocky hadn't seen in decades. Back in 1975 during the first Rocky movie, she was a young teenager who Rocky admonished her to quit smoking and clean up her act. Now, she is a down-on-her-luck bartender and single mother of a (presumably) teenage child named Stephenson (or "Steps", his nickname). Partly out of a desire to help her, as he did before, and partly out of the need for a friend and confidant, Rocky befriends Marie and tries to provide a role model for Steps. When his assistant at the restaurant goes on maternity leave, he invites Marie to work there as the hostess and barmaid. The sense of stagnation that has gripped Rocky since Adrian's death begins to lift when ESPN televises a computer simulation of a fight on a television program hosted by Brian Kenny. The virtual fight pits Rocky (in his prime) against the current Heavyweight champion, Mason "The Line" Dixon (Antonio Tarver). The simulation causes a change of heart in Rocky; though he has not fought professionally in years, he begins to believe he still has "some stuff in the basement," and "and that he has a beast inside that needs to be released he" decides to start fighting again, but only on a small scale. Rocky goes to Robert and Paulie to ask them to be in his corner and to help him train. Robert feels that the whole notion is crazy and that the feelings his father is having will soon pass. Paulie also thinks the idea is crazy and tells Rocky the reason for these feelings is because "Adrian left him." Rocky sharply corrects Paulie by saying "She didn't leave me, she died." In an emotional scene, Rocky breaks down and admits that he has found life without Adrian unbearable and much harder than he thought it would be. As a result of that, a "beast" has grown inside him and it is tearing him apart. Rocky needs an outlet to vent his anger and pain. Paulie wishes to help Rocky but all he has time for is his work at the meat plant and cannot afford to help. Rocky applies for his license to fight and although he passes all of his medical tests he is still refused a license because of his age. After an impassioned speech to the Pennsylvania Athletic Commission, in which he accuses them of acting in bad faith by knowing full well that they will deny him a licence even if he passes, he is allowed back into the ring. The simulation, and the news that Rocky has gotten his license, gets gears turning in Mason Dixon's camp. Dixon is viewed as soft because he hasn't had any "true" competition - all of his opponents have provided him little challenge, and generated scant interest from the public. Dixon's promoters inform him that HBO won't televise any more of his fights because they don't make any money. Most of the available challengers have little marquee value. They convince him to participate in an exhibition bout against Rocky, to take advantage of the buzz generated by the computer fight. At first, Dixon refuses, he has no desire to beat an old man, but he realizes that, if he is ever to respect himself as a fighter, he needs to test himself against a true challenger. Dixon's representatives come to see Rocky in his restaurant and offer him the chance to face Dixon in the ring in a charity exhibition bout. At first, Rocky is unsure - this is far bigger than what he was planning to do - but Marie advises him to take this last shot. Paulie doesn't believe it is possible, but when he is fired from the meat plant, he comes back to Rocky and, in a drunken rant, pledges to help him. Robert is harder to convince: though he is his own man, he has resented living in the shadow of his father, and though he knows his father doesn't mean for it to happen, the notion of a new fight threatens to make it worse. For both their sakes, Robert begs Rocky to not fight. Rocky answers his son with one of the more inspiring lines of dialogue in the film: "Let me tell you something you already know. The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard ya hit. It's about how hard you can get it and keep moving forward. How much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done! Now if you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But ya gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him, or her, or anybody! Cowards do that and that ain't you! You're better than that!" Robert understands and quits his job to join Rocky in his corner. Tony "Duke" Evers is once again his head trainer, and gears his training specifically toward his ability to generate power. Rocky's age (he is 58) precludes him from training for speed, and sparring will not help him any, drawing on Rocky's experience and ring smarts. Duke's strategy is to start "buildin' some hurtin' bombs" in other words, try to beat Dixon with brute strength and put him away early in the fight before Rocky's stamina gives out. After a grueling training montage mirroring many elements of that seen in the first film, Rocky is ready for the ring. The Balboa-Dixon exhibition match is broadcast over HBO Pay-per-view from the Mandalay Bay hotel and casino in Las Vegas. The two respective fighters enter the ring to their own respective themes - Rocky enters to the tune of Frank Sinatra singing "High Hopes" (Paulie's selection) while Dixon enters to an aggressive number--"It's a Fight" by Three 6 Mafia. Celebrated sports announcer Michael Buffer opens the event with his usual flair, including his trademarked catchprase, "Let's get ready to rumble!" The fight itself starts slowly - Rocky is thrown off balance by Dixon's speed. He does land a few punches in the first round, but it is in the second round that Rocky starts to do some damage. After Rocky is knocked down twice by Dixon, a hook to Rocky's body breaks Dixon's left hand, and allows Rocky to charge in and throw some devastating punches. The fight is back and forth, until the tenth (and final) round when it appears that Dixon will outlast the tired Balboa. A hook sends Balboa to a knee where he has a flashback, and within his head he returns to what he said to his son when asked not to fight again: "What is it you said to the kid? It ain't about how hard you can hit, it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward...How much you can take and keep moving forward. Now get up, get up!" In this Rocky finds the strength to continue, he stands up, and Dixon is visibly stunned at the aged former champion's determination. Rocky fights back, throwing punch after punch. Balboa taunts Dixon to get him to give everything he has, knowing this is the last round of his life. The fight ends with both fighters trading blows in the center of the ring, and it is Rocky that throws the last punch of the fight, knocking Dixon to the ropes as the bell rings, singling the end of the fight. The spectators cheer wildly. Rocky tells Paulie that the "beast" that was living inside him is now gone. Rocky exits the arena as the decision is read, Dixon wins in a split decision. Rocky, who has already begun leaving the ring, turns back to the crowd, taking one more curtain call before finally leaving, as the crowd roars their approval. The final scene is a frozen screen of Rocky holding a fan's hand as he walks into the tunnel. The movie concludes as it began, with Rocky at Adrian's grave. He leaves a flower for Adrian, saying, "Yo, Adrian, we did it", a reprise of when he said "Yo, Adrian, I did it!" when he won the title in 1976 in Rocky II. Then he turns and walks away, stopping for a moment to turn once more to the gravesite and wave, before fading from focus altogether, seeming as if he ascends. The last shot of the film, and of the saga as a whole, is of the flower on the headstone. During the end credits, there is an acknowledgment of the iconic status the Rocky series has achieved, through a montage of people following in Rocky's footsteps, charging up the front steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, concluding with a reprise of the famous stair sequence from the original film. The credits fade to black from a still shot of Rocky standing in silhouette at the top of the steps, facing the skyline of Philadelphia as night falls. 