nm0005208:

 The Birdcage (1996)541) A gay cabaret owner and his drag queen companion agree to put up a false straight front so that their son can introduce them to his fiance's right-wing moralistic parents. Armand Goldman owns a popular drag nightclub in South Miami Beach. His long-time lover, Albert, stars there as Starina. "Their" son Val (actually Armand's by his one heterosexual fling, twenty years before) comes home to announce his engagement to Barbara Keeley, daughter of Kevin Keeley, US Senator, and co-founder of the Committee for Moral Order. The Senator and family descend upon South Beach to meet Val, his father and "mother." What ensues is comic chaos. Randy Goldberg <goldberg@nymc.edu> Lies and deception -- it's all in the family when a man must convince his future in-laws that he's as uptight as they are. Armand and Albert have built the perfect life for themselves tending to their gaudy Miami nightclub. But their pastel tranquility is shaken when Armand's son announces that he's getting married to the daughter of ultra-conservative Senator Keeley . . . and they're all getting together for dinner! Can Armand and Albert transfer transform themselves into Mr. -- and Mrs. -- Family Values in time? It'll take the performance of their lives, but they'll do anything -- and everything -- to pull the chiffon over Keeley's eyes! Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> The Birdcage - a drag club on the South Beach. Albert, Starina, the star of the show - one half of a couple with Armand. Val is Armand's son from a long-ago heterosexual experiment, and has been raised in the Armand and Albert apartment. His intended is Barbara, daughter of the very right wing U.S. senator John Keeley, co-founder of the Coalition for Moral Order. She is bringing her family to visit Val and meet his family (her parents think that Armand is a Greek diplomat). Results - mixup, pretense, and farce. Bruce Cameron <dumarest@midcoast.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a performance at the Birdcage, a nightclub situated in South Beach, Miami. The club is owned by Armand Goldman, a gay Jew in a relationship with the club's star Albert, who performs as a drag queen. Armand's son Val returns from college with an announcement: he is getting married to a schoolmate, Barbara Keeley, whose father Kevin Keeley is a conservative politician from Ohio who founded the Coalition for Moral Order, and who is seeking reelection. The problem is that Barbara hid the truth from her parents - she informed them that Val's father is a cultural attach for Greece and that Val's mother is a housewife, and that their last name was Coleman. The Keeleys, meanwhile, are in the midst of their own crisis: Keeley's co-founder for the Coalition, Senator Jackson, died of a heart attack while in bed with an underage black prostitute. This event makes headlines, and gets the Keeleys swamped with hordes of reporters and threatens to ruin their political position. Kevins wife Louise proposes that they go to see Val's parents, who they believe are a traditional wholesome family, as a double measure to both avoid the reporters and to restore their impeccable public image. They set off, but are being tracked by a couple of reporters, who are themselves tracked by competing reporters... Val begs his father to go along with the charade, and after some deliberation he concedes. They both set to work remodeling their apartment into a more austere and simple home, and dress up the flamboyant gay manservant Agador as a butler/cook. Less simple is asking Albert for support; an effeminate, temperamental and sensitive partner, he is offended at Armand and Val asking him to be absent due to his obvious gayness, and when he tries to act like a heterosexual he fails miserably. With no other choices, Armand and Val decide to call upon Val's birthmother Katherine, a former showgirl who left Val with Armand and ran off to become a businesswoman. Asking Katherine is the last straw for Albert and he decides to go to a cemetery; Armand calms him down and reaffirms their devotion by giving him partnership of the Birdcage. The Keeleys arrive, and the night starts off fairly well, with only a few hiccups. Unfortunately, Katherine, who was supposed to join the party, gets stuck in traffic. Unexpectedly Albert dresses up as a woman and takes her place, to the horror of Armand and Val; bizarrely his masquerade works successfully and Kevin is even smitten with Mrs Coleman and her liberalness, much to Louise's indignation. However, both Kevin and Louise start to suspect that the Colemans are hiding something, especially when they are served an awful mishmash soup made of all sorts of ingredients (including hardboiled eggs), and notice that the plates hold pictures of men in disturbing poses... Katherine finally arrives, and everything falls apart: Kevin and Louise find out that Val's parents are gay Jewish nightclub owners, and they decide to leave immediately. But they discover a mass of news crews outside who tracked them down, and duck back in. Although the Keeleys have warmed up to their in-laws, they are now trapped inside and for them to appear in the presence of such people would finish their political careers. Albert hits on a brilliant scheme: he dresses the Keeleys up in drag and gives an impromptu performance, and as the show goes on Katherine successfully gets the Keeleys out of the Birdcage without any interception from reporters. The film ends with Val and Barbara getting married, in an interfaith ceremony presided by both a rabbi and priest, attended by Kevin and Louise, Katherine and Armand and Albert. 
 Boy Meets World (19932000)44) An adolescent with two siblings tests his various theories about life as he endures the trials of growing up alongside a good friend. In this TV series we see the "adventures" and goofs of a young schoolboy named Cory Matthews and his best friend Shawn Hunter. At school, they aren't very popular with girls, and they have enemies like Harley, Joey, and Frankie. They also get often in trouble with Mr. Feeny, the school's funny principal. Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> The show starts with Cory as an average eleven year old boy. He has a best friend from the other side of the tracks, a teacher that constantly keeps him on his toes, a classmate named Topanga who he has trouble understanding, and a family that keeps his life interesting - including an older brother who seems to become more idiotic as the show progresses. As years wear on and Cory grows up, everything gradually changes. Shawn begins to feel the strains of his less than perfect life, Topanga become more than a friend, and the constant spinning of the world leads up to Cory slowly becoming less naive and more responsible. Max Vaughn The show begins and progresses the adventures and goofs of adolescent schoolboy Cory Matthews, his best friend from "the wrong side of the tracks" Shawn Hunter, his hard-to-understand girlfriend Topanga Lawrence with the help of former teacher now principal and Cory's next-door neighbor George Feeny and his continually-progressing idiotic older brother Eric. Alex Madison <degrassilover2057@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Daylight (1996)44) Disaster in a New York tunnel as explosions collapse both ends of it. One hero tries to help the people inside find their way to safety. Trouble strikes when runaway robbers in a getaway car hit truck full of explosives in the tunnel connecting Manhattan and New Jersey. Survivors are left in a weakened tunnel blocked at both exits. As Kit Latura approaches the tunnel, he sees the impact and knows he gotta take action. With time running out, he enters the tunnel through a system of maintenance walkways. Can he get the survivors out before the tunnel fills up? Bryanne Marks A runaway car hits a truck full of toxic waste causing an explosion that seals both exits of an underground tunnel between Manhattan and New Jersey. It's up to Kit Latura, disgraced ex-chief of the city's Emergency Medical Services, to find a way in and bring out the survivors before air runs out or the Hudson river runs in. Giancarlo Cairella <vertigo@imdb.com> When an explosion blocks New York's Hudson Tunnel at both ends, ex Emergency Medical Services Chief Kit Latura is the only one with the know-how and experience to save the day. Risking his life to join the survivors in the tunnel; he finds a feisty writer, an elderly couple, a famous action-man, a quarreling family, some young hoodlums, a security guard and even a Weimaraner dog. Can he put his own past tragedies behind him and bring this desperate group to safety? Duncan Shine <Shine@Telecall.Co.Uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Friday After Next (2002)761) Working as security guards, Craig and Day-Day run into the thief who stole their Christmas presents. Craig and Day Day have finally moved out of their parents houses and into their own crib. The cousins work nights at a local mall as security guards. When their house is robbed on Christmas Eve they team up to track him down. PhatBleek Craig and his cousin Day-Day have finally gotten jobs as mall security guards and moved into their own crib. When a fake evil Santa Claus robs their rundown apartment on Christmas Eve, they embark on a comical adventure in an effort to track down the bandit and retrieve their stolen loot. Meanwhile Day-Day's rent-a-cop tactics cause them to continually miss their chance to catch Santa Claus and instead has them squaring off against innocent caroling ladies, shady neighborhood kids and the police. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> It's Christmas time in the 'hood, and those crazy cousins, Craig and Day-Day, have finally left the security of their parents' homes and moved into their own apartment. But a ghetto grinch breaks into their"crib" and steals all their presents--and the rent money hidden in their stereo speakers. Craig and Day-Day's only hope of avoiding eviction before Christmas is to take jobs as unarmed security guards at a local strip mall, where they learn some comic lessons about the true meaning of the holiday season. Ice Cube and Mike Epps return in Friday After Next, the third installment in the hit Friday film series. Craig (Ice Cube) and Day-Day (Mike Epps) are back in the old neighborhood and ready for Christmas. Although they've left behind the security of living with their parents, the rundown Shady Palms apartment they now share is filled with all the accoutrements and spirit of the holiday season. It's a time for giving - until Craig wakes up in the middle of the night to discover a ghetto Santa Claus stealing their presents and anything else he can stuff into his sack, including the rent money jammed in their stereo speakers. Faced with the harsh reality of a Christmas without presents and the unwanted advances of their landlady's recently-paroled son if the rent is not paid by midnight on Christmas Eve, Craig and Day-Day are forced to score some quick cash at the local strip mall where their fathers, Mr. Jones (John Witherspoon) and Uncle Elroy (Don "D.C." Curry), have opened Bros. Bar-B-Q restaurant and landed them jobs as unarmed security guards. While Craig handles the chaos of the Christmas Eve shopping crush at stores like Pimp N' Ho's clothing store -- particularly favoring sales associate Donna (K.D. Aubert) -- and Holy Moly's Donut Shop, Day-Day's renegade rent-a-cop tactics put the pair's jobs and lives in jeopardy. As the clock ticks down on another unforgettable Friday, Craig and Day-Day learn some comic lessons about the true meaning of the holiday season. Friday After Next reteams Ice Cube and Mike Epps (Next Friday, All About the Benjamins) headlining an all-star comedy cast led by returning Friday cast members John Witherspoon, Don "D.C." Curry, Anna Maria Horsford as Craig's mom, Mrs. Jones, and Clifton Powell as Pinky. Joining the Friday gang are new cast members Bebe Drake as landlady Miss Pearly; Sommore as Uncle Elroy's new squeeze Cookie; K.D. Aubert as Donna; Katt Micah Williams as Money Mike, proprietor of Pimp N' Ho's; Maz Jobrani as Craig and Day-Day's boss, Moly; and Terry Crews as Damon. The ensemble also includes Joel Miller, Reggie Gaskins, Lou Myers, and Rickey Smiley as Santa Claus. Acclaimed video director Marcus Raboy makes his feature film directorial debut with Friday After Next, from a screenplay by Ice Cube. Cube produces the third installment of the crossover series with Matt Alvarez under the Cube Vision banner. Doug Curtis is executive producer. Cube also executive produced the soundtrack for the film. The creative behind-the-scenes team is led by director of photography Glen MacPherson, production designer Amy Aconda, costume designer Dana Campbell and editor Suzanne Hines. New Line Cinema released Friday After Next (rated "R" by the M.P.A.A. for "harsh language, drug use and sexual situations") nationwide on November 22nd, 2002. Friday after next takes place back in the hood during the christmas season, Craig and Day-Day are now living in a rundown apartment. After having Christmas present and rent money stolen by someone posing as Santa, they get jobs working as unarmed security guards in the local mall, they get threatened with eviction, pick up girls, get drunk, take drugs and need quick cash. ze Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins when a robber, disguised as Santa Claus, breaks into Craig and Day-Day's house at 3:37 AM on Christmas Eve. Craig fights with the robber, trashing their apartment while making frantic, futile attempts to wake Day-Day. The robber escapes with Craig and Day-Day's Christmas presents and rent money. The same morning, the police come over to get a report. After the police leave, Mrs. Pearly comes in and says that if the two do not pay their rent money by the end of the day, she will evict them. Furthermore, she promises to send her homosexual ex-convict son, Damon (who just got out of prison after 12 years), after them if they do not pay in a timely manner. The same day, Craig and Day-Day get jobs as "Top Flight Security Guards" from Moly, the property manager and owner of a notoriously squalid doughnut shop and the shopping center that they are assigned to patrol. Later that day, they meet Donna and Money Mike, who run a fledgling shop called 'Pimps and Hoes'. The shopping center is also the home of a BBQ rib restaurant called 'Bros. BBQ', owned by the cousins' fathers, Willie and Elroy. A couple of baseheads try to rob Money Mike's store, but Craig and Day-Day catch them both. Mike offers them a cash reward, but Craig refuses it and instead invites him to his Christmas party. Willie and Elroy are having trouble with some of the children. When one of them kicks Elroy, he retaliates by taking out a belt and starts a series of beatings on the kids. Then, shortly after Moly gives Craig and Day-Day a lunch break, a gang of thugs (supposedly the grandsons of some of the carolers that were chased off by Day-Day for loitering in front of the corner store) chase after Craig and Day-Day. After failing to catch them, the gang members proceed to beat up Moly for supposedly hiding them, resulting in Craig and Day-Day (who witnessed the entire ordeal) throwing away their uniforms and quitting after witnessing what happened to Moly, and this causes Moly to "fire" them on-the-spot (due to Moly accusing them of lazing around and allowing him to be beaten, even though they were just given a lunch break). As revenge, Willie rats Moly out to the Department of Health. Later that night, Craig and Day-Day throw a rent party to recoup their stolen rent money and stay in their apartment. While Money Mike is in the bathroom, Damon appears and attempts to sexually assault him, but fails when Money Mike crunches his testicles with pliers. Damon then proceeds to chase Money Mike when he tries to run away. Also Mrs. Pearly comes on to Willie when he uses her bathroom, causing Craig's mother, Betty, to come in and attack her when she catches the two. Craig and Day-Day see the robber and give chase, running into other obstacles (including a psychotic but comedic old man armed with a double-barreled shotgun, played by Epps) and are ultimately successful. The robber eventually gets run over by Pinky's limousine. The movie ends with Craig and Day-Day retrieving their stolen rent money and Christmas presents and tying the robber up on his roof. During the credits, it is revealed that Craig and Donna hooked up after Craig returned, Damon is still chasing Money Mike throughout the neighborhood, and that Ms. Pearly tried to stop the party by calling the police, but they left after receiving marijuana as a bribe. 