nm0009629:

 Io non ti conosco (2013)Summaries This is an intense story of a man who after many years of marriage is still very much in love with his wife. A sentiment that, on a lark, leads him inside a flower shop, a simple gesture that reveals unexpected realities. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Ignorant Fairies (2001)Summaries After a deathly car accident, Antonia starts dating her husband's friends and finds the truth about his life. AIDS doctor Antonia's husband is killed by a car. She gets depressed until she learns he had been cheating on her with a man. Following her newly born curiosity for life, she goes to see her husband's lover, Michele, and finds a huge apartment that he shares with gay and transgender friends, including a Turkish immigrant and a prostitute. Antonia is reluctant to tell these people of her relationship to the dead man, but needs prompting to move on to a new phase of her life. Sujit R. Varma It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Goddess of Fortune (2019)Summaries When Annamaria, a longtime friend of Alessandro and Arturo, asks the couple to take care of her children, the relationship between the two men reaches a point of no return. Alessandro and Arturo have been a couple for more than 15 years. Although passion and love have turned into an important affection, their relationship has been in crisis for some time. The sudden arrival in their lives of two children left in custody for a few days by Alessandro's best friend could give an unexpected turn to their tired routine. The solution will be a crazy gesture; on the other hand, love is a state of pleasant madness. faumes It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Italian Race (2016)Summaries Giulia is a young promise of GT racing. When her life falls apart, her only hope is her brother, a drug addict and former rally champion. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 