nm0005474:

 Black Dynamite (2009)Summaries Black Dynamite is the greatest African-American action star of the 1970s. When his only brother is killed by The Man, it's up to him to find justice. This is the story of 1970s African-American action legend Black Dynamite. The Man killed his brother, pumped heroin into local orphanages, and flooded the ghetto with adulterated malt liquor. Black Dynamite was the one hero willing to fight The Man all the way from the blood-soaked city streets to the hallowed halls of the Honky House.. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Superhero Movie (2008)211) Orphaned high school student Rick Riker is bitten by a radioactive dragonfly, develops super powers (except for the ability to fly), and becomes a hero. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rick Riker (Drake Bell) is an unpopular student at Empire High with his only friend Trey (Kevin Hart), living with his uncle Albert (Leslie Nielsen) and Aunt Lucielle (Marion Ross). His crush Jill Johnson (Sara Paxton), who hardly notices him, is dating Rick's bully Lance Landers (Ryan Hansen). Rick and Trey are then shown to be on a school trip to an animal research lab. In the lab Rick meets Lou Landers (Christopher McDonald) who coughs up blood because he is terminally ill. Dr. Strom, the head researcher at the lab, then shows his seven mutated dragonflies, though there are only six there because one has escaped which then bites Rick, and causes his neck to swell. The scene then goes to Rick's house where his Aunt Lucille and Uncle Albert are talking on the couch when Rick comes in. He is very sick, and throws up in a fish tank because of his illness and goes up to his room. Albert and Lucille believe Rick is acting strange, so Albert proceeds to talk to Rick. Rick then passes out from the bite. He wakes up the next morning, with a strange video sent to him from a man wanting to speak to him, later adding Rick as a friend on Facebook. Meanwhile, Lou Landers gets into a scientific accident, transforming into the Hourglass who feeds on human life. At a science fair, with a comically rude and mean-spirited Stephen Hawking who gets physically hurt throughout the film, Rick gets into mishaps, such as becoming stuck to water fountains. He then realizes he has superpowers such as the ability to walk on walls, has incredible strength, but cannot fly. He tests his strength in an alleyway, then decides to test how he can walk up walls. He climbs up and begins to break dance, then has a lie-down on the wall and a cat walks up the wall beside him. He then sees an old woman about to be hit by a truck in the road, and just as she is about to get hit he pushes her out of the way and the truck collides with him stopping it. After his heroic feat he is congratulated by passers-by, but as they are congratulating him he looks to his right and sees he has accidentally pushed the woman into a woodchipper and the dog she was holding the lead of up is slowly getting pulled up into the machine as well. Trey offers to become his sidekick, but Rick resigns. His Uncle and he have a brief fight, which reminds Rick when he was younger and rich with his parents who die in a spoof of Batman Begins. His father urges him to invest of all his money in, not Google, but Enron. Rick later watches the girl of his dreams, Jill, who leaves with Lance in his car. Rick wants a car, and he sets out to get money from the bank. He fails though, with no credit or payment. After his uncle is quickly injured, Rick is met by Xavier (Tracy Morgan) at his school for mutants ala X-Men. Rick is told to make a costume, which he does (and later improves), and he becomes known as the Dragonfly. He quickly becomes a sensation, until his fight with the Hourglass, who ends up cutting him with little hourglass blades. The Hourglass then escapes. Jill is then seen walking in an alleyway and is attacked by thugs, but the Dragonfly saves her. The two then try to kiss, but encounter difficulties as Dragonfly is hanging upside down. They eventually kiss for the first time, and Jill thanks him. The scene then goes to a Thanksgiving dinner at Rick's house. During Thanksgiving Landers visits the family (everyone is unaware he is Hourglass). He nearly catches Rick dressed as the Dragonfly, but later manages to figure out his secret identity. Just as Rick and Jill are about to fall in love, the Hourglass comes in and murders Aunt Lucille. After a comical funeral, Rick decides to throw in the towel as a superhero. Trey and Uncle Albert find Rick after the funeral, and convince him to find and defeat the Hourglass. At a ceremony, Lou, with the help of a Microsoft "Death Machine Maker" disk, concocts a plan to make himself immortal by killing thousands of people. Rick finds out where he plans on doing this; a convention of all races, right next to a comic-con. Lou Landers is awarded the Douchebag Of The Year award, and encounters Rick who believes someone else is the Hourglass. He returns in costume and critically injures Jill. (If you look closely you'll see black suit spider-man.) After a sincere speech given by Stephen Hawkings to Rick (which Rick points out are the lyrics to Celine Dion's Taking Chances), he dons the Dragonfly suit, and battles the Hourglass on the rooftop. Dragonfly heals Jill, but the Hourglass throws an Hourglass bomb onto Dragonfly's crotch. Dragonfly then puts his crotch next to Lou Landers' face, which blows up, killing him. He also saves Jill and himself from falling to their deaths by finally growing wings and being able to fly. The film ends with the Dragonfly and Jill flying in the air sky high, with Rick giving his final narration, only to be stopped short, as both are hit by a helicopter. 
 Meet the Robinsons (2007)761) Lewis is a brilliant inventor who meets mysterious stranger named Wilbur Robinson, whisking Lewis away in a time machine and together they team up to track down Bowler Hat Guy in a showdown that ends with an unexpected twist of fate. Lewis an orphan wants to see what his mother looked like. So he invents a machine that looks through your brain so you can see your memories. But this weird kid says he's from the future and warns him about a guy in a bowler hat. The bowler hat guy messes with his invention and it fails. He decides that he's a failure and no one wants him. But the kid that warned him about the guy is here on a mission to find the bowler hat guy that wants to destroy Lewis. To prove he's from the future he takes Lewis to the future. But the time machine breaks and he's stuck in the future until he fixes it. In the meantime he spends quality time with the family. But the bowler hat guy is about to alter time and it's up to Lewis to save the future. Anonymous When an orphaned child genius named Lewis has his science fair project ruined by forces from the future he must join with a strange boy who claims to be from the future to steal his invention back, fix it and save a new found family from a bleak future where mind control devices enslave the masses. FMJ_Joker Lewis, a 12-year-old genius is a boy who has no luck in being adopted because of his constant 'quest' to find his birth mother. When he is struck by an idea after being turned down by a family (for the 126th-literally-time), he invents a memory scanner, a device which scans your cerebral cortex to project your memories onto a screen. When this project goes awry at a science fair (really the work of the evil "Bowler Hat Guy" and his robotic hat, "Doris"), Lewis is discouraged. Then, he gets a visit from a boy named Wilbur, who takes him on a wild ride to the future, where he meets Wilbur's wacky family and gains the courage to "Keep Moving Forward." Beccad90 When 12-year old orphan Lewis can't seem to get adopted or make his inventions work despite repeated efforts, he begins to seriously doubt himself and his abilities as an inventor. He sets off on a time-traveling journey to find the family he never knew. In the fantastical world of 2037, hip-hopping frogs and dogs that wear glasses are as common as talking dinosaurs. In an amazing twist, Lewis discovers that the fate of the future rests in his hands, but he can't save it alone he'll need every bit of help he can get from the wonderfully wacky family named the Robinsons, who help him learn to keep moving forward and never stop believing in himself. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} A confused little boy has to choose between his heart and brain when he has been taken to the future and has to repair a machine he, himself, invented. As his journey increases as he bounces between alternate universes, he a very important lesson: "Keep Moving Forward". Umair Farooq Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lewis is a young inventor and orphan. While longing for a family of his own, Lewis has grown saddened over the years as all his attempts to be adopted seem to have failed. As well, each and every invention he attempts to fashion meets with disaster. One day, Lewis' thinking turns to his Mother, and why she chose to leave him on the orphanage's doorstep all those years ago. This leads Lewis to think that maybe deep within his mind, a memory of her still exists, and maybe with it, he can find his Mom and reunite with her. Lewis then tinkers non-stop on a machine to unearth the memory deep in his mind. Unrealized to Lewis, the constant tinkering sleep-deprives his roommate, Mike Yagoobian (also known as 'Goob'). however, Lewis is too busy with his own work to realize the effect on the other boy. While Goob goes to play on the school baseball team, Lewis takes his invention to the science fair. During the science fair, he runs into a strange boy named Wilbur Robinson, who cautions him to stay away from 'The Bowler-Hat Guy.' Lewis ignores this, and attempts to make his invention work. Unknown to him, the 'Bowler-Hat Guy' and his hat (a mechanical creation) sabotage the item, causing it to malfunction, sending Lewis sadly running back to the orphanage. Once there, he encounters Wilbur again, who tosses Lewis into a strange machine, that then appears to take them into the future. Wilbur is amazed, and attempts to use the time machine to go back in time and find his Mother. However, the two boys end up crashing the time machine, which Wilbur took from his Father's lab without permission. While trying to figure out what to do, Wilbur takes Lewis to the Robinson mansion, where the boy is introduced to the strange yet caring family, albeit always wearing some strange form of headgear (a fruitbasket, a hat, etc) Meanwhile, 'Bowler Hat Guy,' and his mechanical hat, take Lewis' invention, and attempt to sell it to a local company. However, 'Bowler Hat Guy' has no idea how it works, and the hat (whom he calls Doris), decides they need to find Lewis to figure it out. Going back to the orphanage, 'Bowler Hat Guy' encounters Goob, who due to sleep deprivation, lost the game, and suffered the wrath of his teammates. Goob explains that the orphanage's supervisor said he should move on, but 'Bowler Hat Guy' states that Goob should use that experience, and never forget it...much to Goob's confusion. After searching more of the Orphanage, Doris calculates that Lewis must have went to the future with Wilbur Robinson, and the two head into the future with a time machine of their own. Back in the future, Lewis is introduced to more of the Robinsons' house, and how Lewis' father, Cornelius, is a great inventor, having successfully perfected time travel. However, Cornelius' most recent time iteration was stolen by the 'Bowler Hat Guy,' and this explains why Wilbur is trying desperately to set things right. At the same time, Doris infiltrates the house, and attempts to kill Wilbur, but not before finding that 'Bowler Hat Guy' has time-travelled back and forth through time, returning to the future with a Tyrannosaurus Rex. The Robinson family and Lewis manage to take down the enormous beast, and the family is ecstatic. It is then that Wilbur lets slip that Lewis is an orphan, and the family unanimously approves...until Wilbur knocks the hat off, prompting Wilbur's mother, Franny, to declare that Lewis has to go back to his own time. Hurt and upset that he has once again seemingly lost the chance to have a family of his own, Lewis walks away, but is then accosted by 'Bowler Hat Guy' and Doris, who promise that if he helps fix his machine, they'll take him back in time to find his Mom. Taking Lewis to the orphanage (now an abandoned building), Lewis fixes the memory-scanning machine, but 'Bowler Hat Guy' has Doris tie Lewis up, going back on his promise. It is then that 'Bowler Hat Guy' reveals that he is actually Mike Yagoobian. Goob explains how Lewis' tinkering kept him from sleeping properly, and resulted in him losing the baseball game at school. Goob channelled this into deep resentment towards Lewis, that ate away at him, and caused his bad mood to keep him from ever getting adopted. in that time, Lewis was adopted, and many years later, became known as Cornelius Robinson, the head of Robinson Industries. Goob angrily tried to get revenge on Lewis, but his weak attempts proved worthless. It wasn't until meeting Doris, the robotic bowler hat (a rejected experiment of Lewis') came up with a plan of her own. Lewis tries to get Goob to see that he (Goob) also shares some of the blame, since Goob was not able to move on from that baseball game loss, but Goob refuses to acknowledge this. Meanwhile, Wilbur and Carl make it back to the orphanage rooftop and rescue Louis, but Doris stabs Carl through the chest and steals the memory scanner. Wilbur is soon wiped from existence. Goob and Doris return to the local company visited earlier and successfully present not only Lewis's memory scanner but also Doris, who is passed off as a helping hat. After the presentation, Goob realised that Doris had bigger plans to take over the world, whereas Goob only wanted to mess up Lewis's future instead of enslaving mankind. Lewis goes back to see the rest of his family to come, but they're all controlled by Doris hats. He repairs the time machine and goes outside, seeing the future turned into an apocalyptic wasteland. He goes back and interrupts Goob's presentation, stating Doris's true plans. Lewis then says that he will never invent Doris, leading her to be wiped from existence. Lewis and Goob go back to the future, where the apocalyptic wasteland turns into a bright future with Robinson Industries being restored. Wilbur comes back into existence, thanking Lewis for fixing everything. Soon, Lewis meets Cornelius and the latter shows him his lab, with the memory scanner. Lewis soon goes back to the present and wakes up Goob, leading his team to win and stopping him from becoming a bitter man. He then goes back to the Science Fair and tests his memory scanner on Dr. Krunklehorn, who turns out to be a younger Lucille. He also meets a younger Bud, who adopts Lewis and takes him to a new house that turns out to be Robinson Industries. 
 17 Again (2009)651) Mike O'Donnell is ungrateful for how his life turned out. He gets a chance to rewrite his life when he tried to save a janitor near a bridge and jumped after him into a time vortex. At 17 Mike O'Donnell is on top of the world: he's the star of his high school basketball team, is a shoo-in for a college scholarship, and is dating his soul-mate, Scarlet. But at what's supposed to be his big game where a college scout is checking him out, Scarlet reveals that she's pregnant. Mike decides to leave the game and asks Scarlet to marry him, which she does. During their marriage, Mike can only whine about the life he lost because he married her, so she throws him out. When he also loses his job, he returns to the only place he's happy at, his old high school. While looking at his high school photo, a janitor asks him if he wishes he could be 17 again and he says yes. One night while driving he sees the janitor on a bridge ready to jump, and goes after him. When he returns to his friend Ned's house, where he has been staying, he sees that he is 17 again. He decides to take this opportunity to get the life he lost. rcs0411@yahoo.com In 1989, teenager Mike O'Donnell is the star of Hayden High School's basketball team. On the day of the final game, Mike will be observed and may win a scholarship to college. However, his girlfriend Scarlet tells him that she is pregnant and Mike does not play the game. Twenty years later, Mike is a complete loser who blames Scarlet for his failures. He is not promoted to sales manager after working sixteen years at the same company; Scarlet is divorcing him; his teen-aged son Alex and daughter Maggie hate him; and he is temporarily living with his best friend, the eccentric and immature millionaire Ned Gold. Mike nostalgically visits Hayden where an old janitor talks to him about second chances in life. During the night, he sees the janitor jumping from a bridge into the river and he unsuccessfully tries to help the man. He then discovers that he is seventeen again. Further, he discovers that he has a second chance to fix his relationship with his family. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 37 year old Mike O'Donnell is extremely disappointed with his life because of some of the choices he made when he was 17. His wife threw him out of the house his kids think that he's a loser and want nothing to do with him, he lost his job. One small action gave him a another shot at his senior year in high school. For his kids he goes from a loser of a dad to an amazing friend that gives them great advice. He also realizes the things that he didn't realize when he was actually 17. Seeing senior year from a different point of view makes him realize that doing your life over isn't as fun as it seems. What if you can get a second chance to go back in time & be a teenager again? Would you go back to high school like Mike whose life as an adult is not at all as it should be?His family's falling apart & it takes a miracle to bring his life back in order. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Popular high school senior Mike O'Donnell (Zac Efron) seemingly has it all. He is a star athlete headed straight for a college scholarship when he decides to give it up to settle down with his high school girlfriend Scarlet is pregnant. Twenty years later, an adult Mike (played by Matthew Perry) finds his life is not exactly what he expected. He is separated from his wife, Scarlett (Leslie Mann) and living with his wealthy software genius nerd and best friend Ned Freedman (Thomas Lennon), his career at a pharmaceutical company is at a stand still, and his relationships with his teenage children are nonexistent. After getting passed up for yet another promotion at work, he returns to his high school to reminisce over his basketball awards and the life he could have had. While he is reliving his glory days, he is approached by a janitor and shares with him how things were so much better when he was 17. As Mike is driving home from the high school, he sees the mysterious janitor standing on the ledge preparing to jump into the Los Angeles River. Mike rushes out of his car to rescue him, but when he gets there, the janitor has vanished. What Mike doesn't realize is that he is about to fall into the river and turn into his 17 year old self. Young Mike (Zac Efron) returns to Ned's house, where he has the difficult task of convincing Ned that he is in fact Mike. At a loss of what to do, Ned pretends to be Mike's father and they register Mike back in high school to finish the life he never had the chance to live. High school presents a lot of new challenges for Mike, such as dressing cool, keeping up with the latest gadgets and making new friends. But nothing compares to being in high school with his own children. He discovers that his daughter, Maggie (Michelle Trachtenberg), is not nearly as innocent as he thought she was and his son, Alex (Sterling Knight), is the brunt of the star athlete's jokes. But Mike's most difficult realization is that he hasn't been a very good father or husband. Mike befriends Alex and tries to instill him with enough confidence to join the basketball team. He gets close to Maggie's obnoxious boyfriend and does everything in his power to break them up. Most importantly, he visits an unsuspecting Scarlet and rediscovers all the things that initially made him fall in love with her. You don't know what you have until you lose it. Through his experiences, Mike realizes that he had chosen the perfect life he just never appreciated it. Now, he must figure out a way to transform back into his older self and win back his wife and kids. *Info from comingsoon.net* --------------------- In 1989, Michael O'Donnell was the star of the high-school basketball team, with a college scout in the bleachers ready to watch his championship game and a scholarship guaranteed for him if he played well. Just as the game is about to start, he sees his girlfriend Scarlett by the bleachers. He blows her a kiss, then goes to her when she looks very troubled. She tries to pretend everything is fine, but finally she tells him she's pregnant. The game starts, but he can't think of anything but Scarlett, and when he sees her leaving, he tosses the ball away and walks away from the game and the scholarship to marry her. Twenty years later, Mike's life is a mess. Scarlett has separated from him, forcing him to move in with his high-school best friend Ned Gold, now a geeky millionaire software developer, and his kids Maggie and Alex are distant and want nothing to do with him. At his job, his boss passes him up for a promotion in favor of a woman the boss likes who's far less competent, and Mike explodes at the boss and is fired. He stops by his old high school on the way home, sees his 1989 team photo in the showcase, and reminisces about the life he threw away. Then he encounters a mysterious janitor who asks him if he really wishes he was a teenager back in high school again, and he does. On the way home, he sees the "janitor" apparently ready to jump from a bridge and he tries to stop him, but the janitor suddenly disappears and Mike falls in the river himself, where he's magically transformed back to age17. After he convinces Ned who he really is, Mike decides he's been given the chance to live his life over again "but to do it right" -- to win the basketball scholarship and go to college. With Ned posing as his father, he re-enrolls in high school under the name "Mark Gold," living with Ned in his mansion full of high-tech toys. But as he starts to fit in to school life, he realizes his daughter is dating the sadistic basketball captain Stan, who only wants sex from her, and that Stan is also bullying and tormenting his son. Gradually, "Mark" realizes that the real reason he's been given another chance in life is to help his children and try to win back Scarlett's love. He befriends Alex and discovers that his son has real talent in basketball and can hit 3-point shots effortlessly. He works with Alex to sharpen the rest of his game so he can win a place on the team and the girl of his dreams. As Alex and Mark practice shooting baskets together every day at Alex's house, Scarlett is amazed how much her son's new friend looks like her ex-husband looked in 1989. Mark starts helping Scarlett landscape her back yard, because she hopes to start a landscaping business. He gains a new appreciation for her talents, but he frequently comes close to her or touches her in ways she considers inappropriate between an adult woman and a teenaged boy. He also comforts Maggie when Stan dumps her for refusing to "put out." He tells her that someday she'll find a guy who treasures her the way she deserves, but he's horrified when he realizes Maggie is starting to think that guy is HIM. He tells her he can't get involved with her because he's already in love with someone else, someone secret. The basketball team wins a come-from-behind game, with Mark doing a lot, but Alex makes the winning 3-point shot. Meanwhile, Ned has been smitten with Jane, the high school principal, since the first day he went to her office to enroll his "son," but his geeky attempts to impress her have done nothing but disgust her. Finally, in return for buying laptops for all the students in the school, she agrees to go to dinner with him on the same night that Mark has announced a party at his house to celebrate winning the game. Mark tells only certain people about the party, but kids text it everywhere and the whole school shows up. Ned's romantic dinner with Jane is going nowhere until he finally admits that he's always been a loser with women. He's really just a geek, obsessed with The Lord of the Rings. She slowly smiles, and starts talking to him in Elvish -- one of the languages in The Lord of the Rings -- and he realizes that she's also a Lord of the Rings fanatic. After a seductive conversation in Elvish, Ned and Jane go back to his house for romance, but they find Mark's party completely out of control with hundreds of kids everywhere. Scarlett is also there, looking for Alex, and Mark's feelings for her are so strong that he can't control himself and he tries to kiss her in front of all the kids. Scarlett is appalled and slaps him, then runs away with Mark following her, shouting that he's her husband and the father of her children. Maggie and her friends all see this and are disgusted, especially Maggie, because Mark had told her he was in love with someone secret, and now she sees him trying to kiss her own mother. The next morning, cleaning up the chaos after the party, Ned reminds Mark that the hearing for Mike O'Donnell's final divorce decree with Scarlett is in 20 minutes, and they rush to the courtroom. Ned pretends to be Mike's lawyer, and they're being thrown out when Mark says he's there to read a letter that Mike has written to his wife. Scarlett agrees to hear the letter, and Mark reads it with emotional power in his voice that astonishes her, plus details about their courtship that only her husband could have known. Mark finishes by saying that, since he sees that she doesn't want him in her life anymore, he's content to let her go because he loves her so much. After Mark finishes and is forced to leave the courtroom, Scarlett picks up the "letter" and discovers it's just a piece of paper with directions to the courthouse on it. Mark wasn't reading a letter at all but somehow knew all the things he had told her. She asks for the divorce decree to be postponed. Mark tries to forget about Scarlett and concentrates on basketball, because winning the scholarship and going to college seem to be the only thing he has left for him. On the day of the championship game, where Mark and Alex are playing and Maggie is cheerleading, Scarlett is looking at her high-school yearbook and realizes that Mark doesn't just look similar to her husband at 17, he looks EXACTLY the same. Then Maggie reminds Scarlett she's supposed to drive her to the game, and Scarlett stays to watch. As the game is about to start, Mark sees Scarlett in the bleachers. He blows her a kiss, using a gesture identical to the one Mike had used in 1989, when he was playing in the same championship game and saw her standing by the bleachers. Scarlett finally realizes that Mark really IS her husband, somehow turned 17 again. She realizes all the reasons she loved him then and still loves him, but she knows she can't possibly make her life together with a 17 year-old boy. Also, she realizes that knowing she's there in the bleachers watching him could put him in the same situation as before, and she can't risk making him lose his college scholarship again. She leaves, going down the same corridor she used when she left the game in 1989. Mark sees Scarlett leaving, forgets about the game and walks away, just as he did in 1989. He hands the ball to Alex, saying this time it's his turn, and runs down the corridor after Scarlett. We see the mysterious janitor smiling in the stands, and by the time Mark catches up to Scarlett, he's the adult Mike O'Donnell again. Mike tells Scarlett he's made a mess of his marriage because he spent the last 20 years resentful at her for losing him his chance to go to college, but now he realizes his family is the only thing that matters to him, and he asks for another chance. A few days later, Mike goes to Ned's house to get his stuff and return his key. He finds Ned in bed with Jane, both of them wearing Elf ears. Mike thanks Ned for all he's done, and Ned gives Mike a parting gift, a whistle for his new job, because Jane has made Mike the new coach of the high school basketball team. 