nm0003905:

 Susie's Beast (2017)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dark Haven (2022)Summaries Trapped inside an abandoned building by an unimaginable horror, young Eleanor is desperate to survive. But she quickly discovers she is not alone. A dark, brooding Stranger demands that Eleanor leave his hard-won sanctuary. Determined to remain safe, Eleanor cajoles the Stranger into playing emotionally brutal games for the limited amounts of water and food. Outside the walls of their dark haven, a bloodthirsty demon waits impatiently. Inside, Eleanor and the Stranger face hunger, thirst, and certain death. Who, if anyone, will survive? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sonali (2022)Summaries Trapped inside an abandoned building by an unimaginable horror, young Sonali is desperate to survive. But she quickly discovers she is not alone. A dark, brooding Stranger demands that Sonali leave his hard-won sanctuary. Determined to remain safe, Sonali cajoles the Stranger into playing emotionally brutal games for the limited amounts of water and food. Outside the walls of their Dark Haven Mahal, a bloodthirsty demon waits impatiently. Who, if anyone, will survive? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Perfect Tenant (2000)211) Twenty years ago Danny Summer found his father hanging from the rafters on Christmas Eve. Ever since that night he has been plotting revenge. When Brian Hartwell moves into Jessica Michael's guesthouse, she has no idea that her new tenant has a deadly agenda to go with his new identity. Her daughter Laura doesn't trust him from the beginning but can't convince her mother that there's more to "The Perfect Tenant" than meets the eye. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When Brian Hartwell moves into Jessica Michael's guesthouse, she has no idea that her new tenant harbours a deadly agenda. 