nm0005018:

 Arthur (I) (2011)321) A drunken playboy stands to lose a wealthy inheritance when he falls for a woman his family doesn't like. Arthur (Russell Brand) is a rich, alcoholic playboy with no regards to his working life. After another drunken run-in with the law, his aloof mother has had enough and forces him to marry Susan (Jennifer Garner), a proper business woman, or else he will lose his inheritance. Just as he's engaged to Susan, he meets Naomi (Greta Gerwig), a free-spirited girl who Arthur thinks is perfect for him. Any attempts at holding down a job are fruitless, so Arthur has to decide, what is more important: love, or his mother's money. napierslogs Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Arthur (Russell Brand) is a drunken playboy who revels in party and drinking. On the way to a dress party, he and Bitterman (Luis Guzman) dress as Batman and Robin, get arrested, then bail out everyone from jail. The next day, Hobson (Helen Mirren) cleans up after Arthur and kicks out various hookers. Hobson nannies Arthur, trying to keep him sober. She takes him to see his mother Vivienne (Geraldine James), who tells him he must marry Susan Johnson (Jennifer Garner) to stabilize the family business. Arthur proceeds to spend money as fast as possible, then bumps into Naomi (Greta Gerwig). They share a moment, and Arthur asks to see her again, but he still has to marry Susan. He goes to ask Susan's father Burt (Nick Nolte) for her hand in marriage. Burt approves, only because he thinks Susan will straighten him out. Arthur goes to dinner with Susan, and she begins to manipulate him. Arthur refuses to abide by the decision, and he clears out Grand Central Station to have dinner with Naomi (Pez). She's impressed by his wealth, but prefers simple fun. She takes him to her house to have dinner - canned pasta - and they bond. Atrhur enourages Naomi to write the story she's been working on. Susan finds out and works to destroy the relationship with Naomi. Naomi also tries to make friends with Hobson. Arthur decides to get a job, and goes to an AA meeting. Hobson stands up and describes Arthur's life at the meeting, embarassing him. Arthur explains his situation to Naomi, and she throws him out. Arthur prepares for the wedding, but Hobson begins to see how miserable he is. She goes to Vivienne to plead for Arthur, then goes to Naomi and tells her Arthur loves her. Hobson falls ill, and Arthur and Naomi share concern over her. Naomi tells Arthur that her book was bought, but Susan intrudes and tells her that Arthur coerced the purchase; she gets angry and leaves. Arthur starts to care for Hobson, feeding her canned pasta at first, but gradually improving, remaining sober. He finds out that Hobson has made sacrifices for him, and she passes away. Arthur is devastated, and starts drinking again. The wedding day arrives. Arthur finds a note from Hobson, telling him to go to Naomi. Arthur refuses to get married, and Susan yells that she needs to marry him to take control of the company. Arthur renounces his wealth and leaves the chapel, stripping nearly naked. He visits Naomi, but she spurns him. He goes to church and stops drinking. He finds Naomi's new book and sees it was dedicated to him. He visits her and apologizes for his behavior. They kiss, and he tells her his mother has forgiven him and they leave together - in the Batmobile. 
 Blood Salvage (1990)Summaries Twisted tale about a crazy, preaching redneck named Jake who kidnaps people off the highway and performs sick medical experiments on them. He then proceeds to sell their organs on the black market to Mr. Stone. Everything is fine until he kidnaps the handicapped April and finds that she is harder to control than the others. Josh Pasnak <chainsaw@intouch.bc.ca> Meet Jake, an affable country junkman with a spare parts business. But not just auto parts - human parts, too! With the help of Hiram and Roy, his two half-witted sons, Jake roams the Georgia back roads in search of broke-down motorists in need of automotive assistance. When he finds his prey, "Good Samaritan" Jake introduces himself to the stranded travelers and offers to check out their disabled vehicle. After a quick look under the hood, Jake informs them that he has found the problem, but doesn't have the necessary parts with him to fix it. He offers to tow the weary travelers back to his shop to make repairs. Relived, they happily agree, thinking the worst is over... Once back at his isolated junkyard, Jake and his Boys forcibly abducts the hapless travelers and lock them away in the barn - until it's time to "procure" their organs - One at at time! Jake keeps his "patients" alive between operations on life-support machines made out of old car parts (along with the rest of his captive congregation of patients in in his "triage garage"). Jake's associate in this rather insidious enterprise is a shady black-market organ dealer by the name of Mr. Stone (played by screen legend Ray Walston). Stone pays top dollar for organs that he can sell to hospitals that don't ask too many questions. One hot summer night at the Stonewall County Peach Festival, Jake crosses paths with April Evans, a teenage beauty contestant competing that evening. Jake is totally smitten with her. See, April isn't your typical beauty queen. Besides being young and beautiful, she's also confined to a wheelchair. Jake must have her for his own! He knows he can fix her! He sabotages the family's RV so it breaks down in the boonies and then Jake and the Boys kidnap the whole family to get his prize. April's father, Clifford Evans (John Saxon) fights valiantly to defend his family, only to be out-witted by the devious and crafty Jake. Using his homespun surgical skills, Jake vows to make April walk again and then walk down the aisle with him! But April has other plans and Jake is about to learn just how mean and cunning his "Little Miss April" can be! It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Summer of Sam (1999)211) Spike Lee's take on the "Son of Sam" murders in New York City during the summer of 1977 centering on the residents of an Italian-American Northeast Bronx neighborhood who live in fear and distrust of one another. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Writer Jimmy Breslin begins narrating the film; telling the viewer about New York City's current prosperity. However, things were not always this way, showing news articles from 1977 about the .44 Caliber Killer and explaining how the city was in a massive state of decay, explaining that "there are 8 million stories in the naked city, and this is one of them." We are shown a disgusting apartment with a man screaming to stop an incessant dog barking. Eventually, he goes out and shoots two girls talking in a parked car. The film cuts to Vinny (John Leguizamo) and his wife Dionna (Mira Sorvino) going to a night club for dancing and to meet up with their friends. Dionna's cousin asks to be taken home and Vinny offers to give her a ride, allowing Dionna to stay. We soon discover the real reason he offered to take her home was to have sex with her in the back seat of his car. However, before he can finish, the two are scared off by another couple in the car behind him. As Vinny speeds off, the killer comes out of the bushes and kills the couple. While driving Dionna home, she begins questioning what took Vinny so long to drive her cousin home. Vinny offers the excuse that he had to urinate but before she can question him further, they arrive at the exact same spot where Vinny was having his affair, only now it is a crime scene. Vinny goes to investigate and to his horror, it is the same couple that scared him off. Vinny begins vomiting as he gets back to the car, telling Dionna that the .44 Caliber Killer is back. The next day as Vinny's friends; Joey T (Michael Rispoli), Brian, and Anthony inquire about the killer, they tell Vinny that the killer probably saw him and will come after him too. Although they are joking, Vinny begins taking this to heart. Soon after, Ritchie (Adrien Brody) shows up in a punk fashion to which all except Vinny object to. Ruby (Jennifer Esposito) is the last to arrive and after being dumped by her boyfriend who was only using her for sex, immediately takes an interest in Ritchie and his new style. At Dionna's father's restaurant, the local mob boss Luigi (Ben Gazzara) is asked by one of the detectives (Anthony LaPaglia) on the .44 Caliber Killer case for help. Luigi initially refuses, but after hearing the letter left by the .44 Caliber Killer, now called the Son of Sam, agrees. Meanwhile, as Ruby discusses her current predicaments with Vinny at the salon, Ritchie comes in asking for money as he has been kicked out and forced to move into his garage after walking in on his mother and stepfather having sex. Vinny offers to give Ritchie a place to stay for a while, but Ruby convinces him to move into the garage and fix it up with her help. That night as Ritchie and Ruby finish redecorating the garage, Ruby attempts to give Ritchie oral sex but he asks her to stop. Before she can leave, Ritchie explains that just because he doesn't want to have sex with her, doesn't mean he wants her to leave. Back at the salon, as Vinny and his boss Gloria (Bebe Neuwirth) begin having sex, Vinny begins feeling guilty, but quickly gets over it and has sex with her. After being told by Anthony and Brian that he no longer fits in in the neighborhood, Ritchie takes Ruby to a gay theatre where he has been dancing and secretly selling his body for money. During Ritchie's performance, the owner, Midnite (Michael Imperioli), asks Ruby what she likes to do as she is too hot to be giving it away for free. Outside the theatre, Ruby admits that she has fallen for Ritchie and begins dressing in punk. Meanwhile, after yet another letter to the police from the Son of Sam, Vinny's paranoia reaches a boiling point and although Dionna tries to comfort him, he is unable to perform with her. With the police making no headway with the Son of Sam, Luigi decides to take matters into his own hands and catch the killer and offers another $5,000 to the reward hoping at least to get more names on their list of suspects. Meanwhile at a pizzeria; Joey T, Anthony, Brian, and the heroin addict Woodstock are devising their own list which is primarily made up of people they don't like. At the top of their list, however, is Ritchie. While at a diner, Vinny and Ritchie discuss their relationships but are asked to leave as Ritchie is scaring some of the other patrons. Before a fight can break out, Ritchie breaks a glass over his head to intimidate the other customers trying to pick a fight with him and Vinny. As they walk down the beach, Ritchie tries to explain himself to Vinny, but the conversation proves to be too deep for him to follow. With temperatures reaching 104, a blackout hits the Five Boroughs. To defend themselves and their neighborhood from the Son of Sam from trying anything, Luigi has a block party for everyone while Joey T leads a mob to patrol the neighborhood, beating and attacking anyone who tries to enter. As this is going on; Ritchie, Vinny, Dionna, and Ruby are having dinner where Ritchie invites them to come see him and his band perform at the club CBGB, while in the bathroom, Dionna asks Ruby for advice on what to do about Vinny as she doesn't seem to please him. The only advice Ruby can give is to not be married to him. Vinny and Dionna go to the club, but are scared off by all the people outside. Instead, they try to get into Studio 54, but the bouncer refuses to let them in. They are however greeted by another man who takes them to another club: Plato's Retreat. There, he and Dionna get stoned and have sex as well as three-ways with other people. On the way home, Vinny mocks an already embarrassed and humiliated Dionna out of jealousy more than anything. In the following fight, Dionna reveals that she knew he had sex with her cousin and drives off, leaving Vinny chasing after the car. As July 29 arrives, Joey T and the others begin slashing the car tires of everyone on their list, while we see the real Son of Sam descending further into madness and is now seeing a black dog telling him to go out and kill. The next day at the diner, Vinny, Joey T, and the others are eating when the owner come over tells Vinny that he and Ritchie have been kicked out due to Ritchie's actions. Before Joey T can get more information, Vinny storms out. Meanwhile Bobby the Fairy, yet another friend of Joey T's group, sees Ritchie in the gay theatre to which Ritchie threatens to kill him should he tell anyone. Although Ritchie is only trying to protect his name, Bobby takes this literally. That night, we see the Son of Sam kill yet another two victims in Brooklyn. Joey T and the others are now beginning to suspect that Ritchie is the Son of Sam as he is the only one whose whereabouts they cannot account for, but Vinny stands up for him, saying that he knows Ritchie as if he were his brother. They all reveal to Vinny that Ritchie has been dancing and shooting porn films with Ruby at the gay theatre and ask if he knew that. Although Vinny is shocked by this, he still refuses to accept that Ritchie is the Son of Sam, but reluctantly agrees to help Joey T and the others by telling them where Ritchie and his band perform. Joey T and Anthony go to CBGB to try and find Ritchie while outside, Vinny has already met up with him. He begins to ask Ritchie if hes in a cult, dancing in a gay joint, and is the Son of Sam. Ritchie is upset that Vinny actually would think that way about him, but is angered that he brought Joey T down to get him and walks off. The following day, a composite sketch of the killer is released and everyone sees someone different. No surprise, Joey T tries to convince Vinny that its Ritchie; however Vinny doesn't see any resemblance until Joey T draws in spiky hair on the picture. Looking more like Ritchie now, Vinny begins freaking out. So much so that when he goes to the salon, he explodes on Gloria and dumps his drink on her, storming off. By the time he gets home, Gloria has already called Dionna and told her about all the women he cheated on her with. Vinny attempts to apologies and tries explain that Ritchie may be a killer, but it is too late; a heartbroken Dionna leaves him. This sends Vinny spiraling out of control as he begins drowning himself in cocaine and Quaaludes. With Richie back at his parents' garage, Joey T and the others decide to make their move and capture Ritchie and take him to Luigi. However before they go, Joey T decides to get Vinny. They break into Vinny's house to find him stoned and force him to come help lure Ritchie out of the house, promising not to hurt him. Unbeknownst to them, during this time, the police have captured David Berkowitz, the real Son of Sam. Meanwhile, Vinny comes knocking on Ritchie's door and tells him that Dionna left him. Ritchie invites him in, but Vinny asks him to come outside, not wanting Ruby to hear. As the two talk, Vinny tries to tell Ritchie to run, but before he can understand what Vinny is saying, Joey T and the others spring on him. Vinny watches as Ritchie uses his guitar to defend himself, but is quickly beaten senseless by the group. Ruby is restrained by Bobby as they drag Ritchie off. However, they don't get too far as Ritchie's stepfather, Eddie (Mike Starr), comes out of the house, brandishing a Luger pistol. As Joey T tries to explain who Ritchie is, Eddie reveals to them that the cops had already caught the Son of Sam in Yonkers, much to the group's surprise. As they begin to leave, Vinny can only look at a bloodied and beaten Ritchie with guilt and weakly attempts to apologize to his former friend before walking away too. Jimmy Breslin recaps the events of the summer of 1977; David Berkowitz was done in by a parking ticket and is serving six consecutive terms of 25 years to life, the Yankees won the World Series, Elvis Presley died, and 3,700 were arrested during the blackout. He finishes by reiterating that "there are 8 million stories in the naked city, and this was one of them." 
 Grudge Match (2013)431) A pair of aging boxing rivals are coaxed out of retirement to fight one final bout, thirty years after their last match. Henry "Razor" Sharp and Billy "The Kid" McDonnen are two boxers who thirty years ago were rivals. Just before a big match Razor decides to retire because Billy slept with his girlfriend, Sally Rose and got her pregnant. Today a promoter, Dante Slate wants to have them fight each other but Razor doesn't want to. But when he loses his job and learns he's broke, he has no choice. So he trains under his old trainer. Billy while training, meets B.J., the son he had with Sally Rose and he asks B.J. to train him. And Sally Rose tries to get Razor to forgive her but he can't. rcs0411@yahoo.com Back in the day, Billy "The Kid" McDonnen (De Niro) and Henry "Razor" Sharp (Stallone) were the two biggest bruisers in the Pittsburgh boxing scene. Their fierce rivalry drawing nationwide attention, Razor and The Kid were deadlocked for the title of overall champion when the former announced his retirement just before the decisive 1983 match that would have determined the supreme champion. Three decades later, enterprising boxing promoter Dante Slate Jr. (Kevin Hart) lures the aging pugilists back into the ring for the fight that everyone has been waiting for. Meanwhile, when Razor and The Kid see each other for the first time in 30 years, the cameras are rolling as tempers suddenly flare. In no time that unscheduled scuffle goes viral, prompting both fighters to resume their intensive training in a bid to be the one who delivers the knockout blow during the highly anticipated bout.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the 1980s, a rivalry developed between two boxing champions, Henry Razor Sharpe ( Sylvester Stallone ) and Billy the Kid McDonnen ( Robert De Niro ). Both fought each other in only two matches, Kid winning the first match and Razor winning the second match. Before the third and tie-breaking match could occur, Razor finds out that Kid slept with his girlfriend Sally Rose ( Kim Basinger ) and got her pregnant; in retaliation, he announces his retirement, to Kid's fury. Thirty years later, Razor is working in a shipyard and Kid has opened a restaurant; Kid retains a celebrity status and dreams of facing Razor one more time, but Razor has moved on and leads a simple, secluded life. One day, boxing promoter Dante Slate, Jr. ( Kevin Hart ) comes to Razor with a proposition: for fifteen thousand dollars, he will do motion-capture for a boxing video game. Razor's best friend and former trainer Louis Lightning Conlon ( Alan Arkin ) is in a nursing home, so Razor reluctantly takes the job to cover the nursing home bills. At the studio, Razor runs into Kid, who was also going to do motion-capture for the game; Kid provokes Razor into a fight, and the two destroy the motion-capture studio brawling with each other. Razor and Kid end up in jail, and neither of them gets paid for their video game work. However, the footage of their fight becomes an Internet sensation, and this gives Dante an idea: Grudgement Day, a final tie-breaker between Razor and Kid. Razor flatly refuses to fight Kid again, but when he discovers that he has been laid off by his shipyard (nothing personal, he was one of many) he has no choice but to accept Dante's offer. Dante launches a press conference, but as few people show interest or turn up he decides to promote the match through using lots of product placements, endorsements and public appearances by Razor and Kid at special events (particularly a mixed martial arts tournament and a skydiving event). This strategy works, mostly because most people enjoy watching the two boxers squabble and almost always fight with each other at those events. Besides this, the two boxers have to undergo training regimes that their aged bodies can barely handle. In the middle of all this, Sally Rose comes back into the lives of Razor and Kid. BJ, a football coach and Kid's son with Sally, meets Kid despite her warning him that Kid only cares about himself. At first the two don't get along, with Kid being dismissive of his son and BJ not taking it kindly; however the two slowly improve on their relationship, with BJ providing some training tips. Kid finds his trainer doesn't think he has a chance at winning, and fires him and takes BJ on as his own personal trainer; and BJ himself gets closer to Kid, even introducing him to his own son Trey ( Camden Gray ), with whom Kid immediately hits it off. Meanwhile, Sally meets Razor and wishes to get back with him. Razor is unsure about reconnecting with Sally after what she did with Kid, but Lightning (reinstated as Razor's personal trainer) tells him he should accept part of the blame for Sally straying as in his youth he had been too much of a workaholic to really spend time with her. Razor meets Sally and apologizes for walking away from her, and the two reconcile. Sally herself confesses that she had only slept with Kid to get back at Razor because she had seen him with another woman; she later learnt that nothing had happened, but by then it was too late. Meanwhile, BJ entrusts Trey to Kid for dinner and a movie, but instead Kid heads to his bar and leaves Trey there while he goes to have sex with a woman in his car. Hours later, a bored Trey gets into the same car, and when he sees Kid and the woman he freaks out and starts the car moving; fortunately Kid manages to stop the car and prevent an accident, but ends up getting arrested. BJ bails Kid out, but is furious with him for having neglected his son and put his life at risk and refuses to train Kid any further. When Razor and Sally drive home, they get into a car accident. They suffer no major injuries, but a worried Lightning confirms what he had suspected: Razor is blind in one eye. Lightning and Sally keep it a secret, but convince him to withdraw from the match for his own health and safety. Upon hearing that Razor has backed out, Kid angrily tracks down Razors house and rails at him for chickening out on him again, eventually simply begging him to go through with the match as this one shot at glory is the only worthwhile thing he has in life. After long deliberation, Razor decides to fight. He meets with BJ (no issues there) and Sally, and explains that Kid made him walk away from her and boxing, his two greatest loves in life; he got her back, but he wants to box one last time. Kid meets BJ and apologizes for what happened with Trey; he presents him with a scrapbook containing pictures and articles of BJ, showing that he really did take an interest in him. BJ accepts the apology, and returns to training Kid. The time for the fight arrives, and Razor and Kid brutalize each other as the rounds go on, neither giving the other any quarter. Kid is able to secure an advantage by punching Razors blind eye, but Razor refuses to concede. Around the time of the final round, Razors face is a mess. A fearful Sally tells the truth to BJ, who passes it on to Kid and urges him to concede the match: the fight and victory Kid dreamed of mean nothing as hes fixed to win, and the best way for him to go out is as a sportsman, respectfully and gracefully. Kid refuses to relent and pummels Razor, but after knocking down Razor he has a change of heart and helps up Razor. Razor turns the fight to his favour and knocks down Kid, but also helps him up. The film ends with the two still standing at the end of the match, both having reconciled their differences (but both still dislike each other). Razor wins the tie-breaker on points, and becomes a hero who got back the girl and prize of his dreams, while Kid has let go of his own dreams in favour of a family to rely on. 