nm0001990:

 Predator (1987)651) A team of commandos on a mission in a Central American jungle find themselves hunted by an extraterrestrial warrior. A team of special force ops, led by a tough but fair soldier, Major "Dutch" Schaefer, are ordered to assist CIA man, Colonel Al Dillon, on a rescue mission for potential survivors of a Helicopter downed over remote South American jungle. Not long after they land, Dutch and his team discover that they have been sent in under false pretenses. This deception turns out to be the least of their worries though, when they find themselves being methodically hunted by something not of this world. Laygz As an unidentified interstellar spacecraft penetrates the Earth's atmosphere, landing somewhere on the tangled jungle of Central America, the battle-hardened leader of an elite military team, Major Alan "Dutch" Schaefer, and his hand-picked men begin to deploy to the region. Entrusted with locating a cabinet minister and eliminating the area's scattered guerrilla pockets, before long, this routine rescue mission turns into a bloodbath, as macabre findings of ritualistically mutilated bodies can only mean one thing: someone, or better yet, something, is hunting them down for sport. Now, outgunned, and above all, outmatched, Dutch must put his extensive combat experience to good use, and summon up the strength to make a last stand against the pitiless, highly advanced extraterrestrial hunter. But, the major's primitive weaponry is no match for the humanoid creature's state-of-the-art armament. Is there an escape from the wrath of the Predator? Nick Riganas Dutch and his group of commandos are assigned to rescue downed airmen from guerillas in a Central American jungle. The mission goes well but as they return they find that something is hunting them. Nearly invisible, it blends in with the forest, taking trophies from the bodies of its victims as it goes along. Occasionally seeing through its eyes, the audience sees it is an intelligent alien hunter, hunting them for sport, killing them off one at a time. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Dutch and a team of commandos have been sent into a Central American jungle to track down some missing airmen that were kidnapped by terrorists. By the time they get to the camp, the airmen have been butchered in a very violent fashion and the commandos retaliate on the terrorists' camp. After that's over, they wait for a helicopter to pick them up, but something strange begins to happen in the woods. It isn't long before the commandos start getting killed off and Dutch and a girl from the camp, Anna, are the only people left and fighting for their lives. But what they discover is too shocking for them to imagine. What's been killing them is the Predator, an alien that hunts rare species and make his trophies out of their skulls. And human beings are the new species he has discovered. Will Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dutch ( Arnold Schwarzenegger ) and his elite commando team arrive in an unnamed Central American country. They meet a general, Phillips, whom Dutch has worked for in the past, and with a CIA agent, Dillon ( Carl Weathers ), whom Dutch also knows. Dillon tells Dutch that a high-ranking "cabinet minister" traveling by helicopter nearby has gone missing in the jungle, presumably shot down by a rebel guerrilla group operating in the area. Dutch's team has been charged with going over the border and into rebel territory to rescue the man. Dutch's team are dropped at night into the jungle by helicopter and they hike toward the rebel camp. En route, they find the downed helicopter. Dutch's tracker, Billy ( Sonny Landham ), is able to determine that the rebels indeed took the cabinet minister but another group of men also passed through, likely more American soldiers. Later, Billy senses something nearby and finds the bodies of three men who have been flayed and hung upside-down. In a pile of entrails, another of Dutch's men, Mac ( Bill Duke ), finds a set of dog tags. Dutch recognizes the name on them; Jim Hopper, a Green Beret. Dutch is puzzled and looks to Dillon for information; Dillon says he knows nothing about another team. The team arrives at the rebel camp undetected. Dutch and his team destroy the camp in an all-out assault and kill all the rebels. There are no hostages alive (Dutch sees a rebel execute one), however, Dutch finds a lone, terrified girl, Anna ( Elpidia Carrillo ). They take her along as a prisoner. Dutch realizes they have been set up and confronts Dillon. Dillon confirms that Dutch and his team were merely pawns to destroy the camp and its men. He also confirms that he lied about Hopper's team; when they went missing, Dillon called in Dutch. With no choice, the team heads to the chopper rendezvous point. However, unknown to the team, they are being tracked by an unseen enemy that sees their body heat signatures. The team moves into a thickly forested valley where they plan to meet their extraction helicopter. Anna hits Dillon with a tree limb and tries to escape the group and Hawkins ( Shane Black ) follows. When he catches her a distorted, human-like figure rushes out of the jungle and kills Hawkins. The woman is left behind, terrified, uninjured and covered in Hawkins' blood. Dutch's Hispanic crew member, Poncho ( Richard Chaves ), asks Anna what happened; all she can say is "the jungle came alive and took him." Dutch orders the others to find Hawkins' body, which is hanging from a tree nearby. They do not find him and while he scans the area, the team's largest man, Blaine ( Jesse Ventura ), is hit twice by laser-like blasts of energy that blow out his chest. He falls dead and his friend, Mac, rushes to him. Mac sees a humanoid-like distortion that flashes green eyes. Mac opens fire with Blaine's minigun, firing thousands of rounds into the jungle. The rest of the team rushes to the spot and also open fire. After checking the area in front of them, Poncho tells Dutch that they didn't hit anything living. A close inspection of Blaine's wounds shows no signs of shrapnel or gun powder burns. When asked what he saw, a terrified Mac is unable to identify the enemy. Only Anna finds any evidence; a green-glowing fluid on a large leaf, which she doesn't tell anyone about. In another part of the jungle, the distorted humanoid ( Kevin Peter Hall ) sits down on a tree branch. The distortion turns out to be a high-tech camouflaging device that can bend light, creating the illusion of invisibility. The enemy has been wounded in the thigh, dripping the same sort of fluid Anna had found; it is the creature's blood. It uses a bizarre first-aid kit to dress its' wound. When it removes the bullet, it lets out an inhuman howl of pain, a sound heard by Anna. Dutch has the team make camp for the night. Blaine's body is wrapped in his poncho. The perimeter is wired with flares and grenades. Mac is given first watch and reminisces about his dead friend. A noise alerts him and an dark shape falls on him. He stabs it repeatedly drawing the rest of the team to him. The enemy turns out to be a wild pig. In the aftermath, Billy informs everyone that Blaine's body is gone. Dutch determines that their unseen enemy is not only killing them one by one but also methodically hunting them. The team constructs a trap from jungle vines which form a net and an elaborate system of tripwires. While they wait for their stalker to set off the trap, Anna talks of a legendary demon that had stalked her village in times of extremely hot weather. She says that men were found skinned and missing body parts. Dutch and Dillon think that the trap won't work without live bait so Dutch carefully walks out into the clearing among the tripwires. As he turns around, the trap goes off and something is tangled in the net. Laser blasts shoot from the net, hitting the trap's anchoring tree trunk, which detaches and swings into Poncho, hitting him square in the chest and severely injuring him. Dillon sees the distortion of the stalker's camouflage as it flees into the jungle. Mac instantly takes off after the creature over Dutch's orders for him to return, seeking revenge for Blaine. Dutch, Poncho, Billy and Anna all leave to meet the chopper, while Dillon runs after Mac. Dillon finds Mac a short distance away. Mac has found their enemy camped out in a tree stand. The two agree on a plan to approach it silently and kill it. While crawling through the underbrush, Mac notices a three-pointed laser pattern on his arm and is killed when he exposes his head to his enemy. Dillon finds him dead a few minutes later. Dillon is attacked by the stalker, who fires a laser blast that severs one of his arms. Dillon tries to defend himself but is impaled on a large double-bladed weapon. Still moving toward the extraction site, the rest of the team cross a large tree trunk bridge. Billy, sensing the presence of the enemy, throws away his rifle and faces it alone, armed only with his machete. He is quickly killed, his scream is heard by the rest of the party. Dutch, Anna and Poncho stop, and Poncho is killed by a laser blast. Anna picks up a gun to shoot but Dutch kicks it away. Another laser blast hits Dutch's rifle, blowing it in half. Dutch yells for Anna to run to the helicopter and he crawls away. Dutch ends up sliding down a hill that drops him off a cliff into a river. Dutch swims to the other side and is resting on the muddy bank when his pursuer splashes down behind him. Dutch, weaponless and covered in mud, helplessly waits for his enemy to kill him. The enemy surfaces and turns out to be a large, humanoid alien possessing advanced weaponry. The adaptive camouflage device that concealed it from Dutch and his team appears to be malfunctioning due to exposure to water and the creature switches it off. It spots a target in the brush and tracks it with a three-beamed laser scope and shoots at it, a small rodent, with a shoulder-mounted cannon. The alien does not, however, see Dutch, whose body heat is insulated by the mud on his skin. The creature stalks off. Dutch mounts an offensive, choosing a strategic spot and sets a garroting trap with spikes. Dutch also builds a bow and several arrows with gunpowder from his spare grenades and fashions spears. He also covers himself in mud to further his advantage. Meanwhile, the creature rips the spinal column and skull from Billy's corpse, cleaning it to make a trophy. We see the skulls of several other humans among its collection. When he's ready, Dutch lights a crude torch and sounds out a primitive yell, summoning the alien and dropping the torch onto a large bonfire he'd built. The alien arrives and crawls over the unseen Dutch. Dutch fires one of his explosive arrows at the creature, permanently disabling its invisibility device. However, Dutch rapidly runs out of weapons. The alien captures him in a pond. After a brief examination of his human opponent, the creature removes its helmet, revealing its face: deep set eyes, a bald head, deeply-set eyes, dreadlocks, and a fang-filled mouth with large mandibles. It engages Dutch hand-to-hand, a battle where the alien has the advantage of strength over Dutch. Dutch draws the creature into the spiked trap he'd set, yelling for it to come closer to kill him. The creature discovers the trap and walks around behind Dutch. As it moves in, Dutch notices it's standing directly under the trap's counterweight; Dutch kicks away the trigger and the counterweight plummets, crushing the alien. Dutch moves in to finish it off with a large rock but throws it away when he sees that the alien is already wounded fatally. Dutch asks "What the hell are you?" and the creature repeats the phrase. It opens a panel on its' gauntlet and activates a timer, signaling Dutch to run. As he does, the creature laughs, imitating Billy. A small nuclear explosion goes off as Dutch leaps to cover. In a helicopter flying nearby, General Phillips ( R.G. Armstrong ) and Anna see the explosion. They see Dutch in an incinerated patch of rainforest. Dutch is rescued, looking physically exhausted. 
 Nine Lives (2005)Summaries Captives of the very relationships that define and sustain them, nine women resiliently meet the travails and disappointments of life. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Predator 2 (1990)761) The Predator returns to Earth, this time to stake a claim on the war-torn streets of a dystopian Los Angeles. LAPD lieutenant Mike Harrigan ( Danny Glover ) and his cocky detective partner Jerry Lambert ( Bill Paxton ) soon realize that what seemed a bloody feud between voodoo high priest King Willie's ( Calvin Lockhart ) Jamaican gangs and Ramon Vega's ( Corey Rand ) Colombian drug gang is actually the work of a scary third party. Peter Keyes's ( Gary Busey ) federal team shields the crime scene even for the LAPD, but after forensics proves it must be an alien, who keeps making victims, the chase brings them all together. KGF Vissers Against the backdrop of a sweltering summer and a relentless turf war between armed-to-the-teeth Jamaican and Colombian street gangs in 1997 Los Angeles, someone is picking off drug lords and innocents alike. But, it's been more than a decade since the last sighting of the mighty hunter from the stars in Predator (1987) , and, unexpectedly, Lieutenant Mike Harrigan catches a glimpse of the extraterrestrial killer's active camouflage. Now, as Harrigan disobeys a direct order, the grizzled police officer is on the trail of the alien bone collector, in a desperate attempt to clean up the city's mean streets. And, once more, in this concrete urban jungle, humans are in season. Will Harrigan challenge the Predator, the ultimate interstellar hunter, to a bloody death-match? Nick Riganas Lt. Harrigan ( Danny Glover ) is a cop fighting the good war against drugs. But recently, the major drug lords have been killed off in a very brutal fashion. His superiors tell him to stay out of it, but Harrigan knows that something is wrong. His instincts are right when he discovers that the person behind the murders is none other than the Predator ( Kevin Peter Hall , the human-hunting alien who likes to make trophies out of his victims' skulls. But how can Harrigan stop the Predator when it can turn invisible and kill him without him knowing it? Will Mike Harrigan ( Danny Glover ), a brash policeman who is fighting drug lords in a decaying L.A. finds that the criminals are being killed in a very odd fashion. The federal authorities keep telling him to stay out, even though his own men are also being killed. He catches sight of a nearly invisible alien hunter ( Kevin Peter Hall ) who is searching for trophies. Harrigan injures the creature and pursues it, becoming the hunter. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> While fighting a battle with drug lords, a police lieutenant ( Danny Glover ) discovers a being that slowly starts to slaughter the criminals in a sadistic fashion. As the invisible hunter ( Kevin Peter Hall ) kills off the drug lords and fellow officers, the lieutenant discovers that the visitor, an extraterrestrial big game hunter ( Kevin Peter Hall ), has targeted him as its next victim. Although his superiors prohibit him from taking any action, the police chief sets out to end the ordeal. Kerwin Tsang <ker@pacific.net.sg> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Los Angeles, 1997. The temperature in the city stands in the high 90s. In the streets, the LAPD and Colombian gangsters are fighting a pitched battle that the police are rapidly losing. Efforts to rescue two wounded cops in the No-Man's Land between the cops and gangsters have failed and backup is unavailable. Lieutenant Mike Harrigan bursts onto the scene. Harrigan arms himself and drives his car directly at the front lines, giving his comrades the chance to save their wounded friends. The Colombians seize the chance and retreat into a nearby building that serves as their stronghold. While the Colombians arm themselves they are attacked by an invisible enemy and slaughtered. Only the gang's leader, El Scorpio, makes it out, shooting wildly at Harrigan and his team. The hysterically terrified El Scorpio escapes to the roof, with Harrigan behind. On the roof, El Scorpio spots a distorted human figure and raises his guns to shoot. Harrigan shoots the man, who falls off the roof and is killed. Moments later, Harrigan catches a glimpse of the same distorted figure which instantly vanishes. In the room where the gangsters were arming themselves, Danny notices that one of them has been stripped naked and hung upside down about 40 feet above the floor. Marveling at the strength needed to perform such a task, Danny turns away and the body is pulled up by unseen hands. Outside the building, Harrigan is met by his captain, Heinemann, and told that he disobeyed direct orders. Harrigan argues with him, citing the war they're fighting an losing in the streets to better armed Colombian drug dealers who also have greater numbers. Adding to the mayhem is another faction, Jamaican gangsters, who are also fighting the cops and use brutal terrorist acts against their Colombian enemies. Back at his precinct, Harrigan is lectured by his other captain, who informs him that a federal investigation, lead by a man named Peter Keyes, is not to be interfered with. Keyes claims that his team is trying to stop the Colombian and Jamaican gangs from establishing an empire on the west coast. Harrigan agrees not to interfere in Keyes' work. Harrigan also welcomes a new member to his team, Jerry, a smart-mouthed and cocky detective. In a luxury apartment, Ramon Vega, the leader of the Colombian gangs is having sex with his girlfriend when they're interrupted by Jamaican gangsters. They hang him upside-down and cut his heart out as part of a voodoo ritual. They are suddenly attacked by an invisible enemy using superior weaponry. All of them are viciously slaughtered. When Harrigan and his crew arrive on the scene they enter the apartment against orders and find several bodies hung from the ceiling, skinned. Vega's girlfriend is the only survivor. Keyes enters the room and orders them all out. His own crew begins to examine the room, using unusual gadgets. Also in the room is a sleazy reporter, Tony Pope, who films much of the carnage. Everyone is ejected from the room and the woman who survived is taken away in an ambulance. Danny and Harrigan agree to meet at the scene later that night and conduct their own investigation. Danny arrives first and looks around the room. Seeing what appears to be a trail of claw-marks leading up a decorated column, he climbs up. In the rafters, he spots a small object embedded in an air-conditioner. He pulls it loose and examines it; it appears to be a spear-tip of some sort. Suddenly, he hears Harrigan's voice nearby and loses his footing and falls. An arm catches him and Danny looks up to see a large figure holding him by the ankle. The figure drags him back up and kills him. As he dies, Danny's necklace falls to the floor and is splattered with his own blood. Harrigan finds himself in Captain Heinemann's office. The captain reprimands him harshly for Danny's death and continuing to interfere with Keyes' investigation. Harrigan leaves the meeting angry and confronts Keyes in the station's lobby, telling him that he's motivated by revenge and will find Danny's killer himself. Strangely unoffended, Keyes tells him that the magnitude of the situation is beyond his comprehension. At the police forensics lab, Harrigan has a doctor examine the spear tip he recovered from Danny's body. The doctor determines that the metal isn't found on the Periodic Table of Elements. She also tells Harrigan about how Danny was murdered: by a sharp-edged weapon that cleaved Danny's heart. Harrigan tells Danny's wife, Leona, to arrange a meeting with King Willy, the leader of the Jamaican gangs, with the intention of sharing information about their mutual nemesis. Harrigan also meets with Jerry, who has done some surveillance on Keyes. The survivor of the attack in Vega's apartment was taken away in a helicopter and Jerry has been unable to find her. As he and Harrigan leave the bar, they are met by a large limo filled with Jamaican gangsters. Harrigan joins them and is taken to an alley where he meets King Willy. Willy, a voodoo practitioner, mysteriously tells Harrigan that the enemy they both face comes from a netherworld he can't understand. Harrigan leaves without answers. Just after he goes, the predator jumps to the ground behind Willy and walks through a small pool of water. The water causes an electrical disturbance on the predator's body and it becomes visible. It challenges Willy to blade combat and Willy loses. The predator carries Willy's severed head away and is seen cleaning the tissue off the skull for a trophy. Harrigan calls Jerry and Leona at the forensics lab. The doctor tells them that the only lead she has is from evidence collected at the scene of Danny's killing: whomever killed him left traces of debris that came from a slaughterhouse. Harrigan and Jerry recall that Jerry had lost track of Keyes in LA's meatpacking district. Harrigan tells them to meet him there. Harrigan goes to the cemetery to pay his respects to Danny. While he's there, he sees Danny's necklace hanging from a tree limb. Startled, Harrigan, looking around for his enemy, grabs the necklace and realizes the predator is stalking him specifically. Moments before, a small boy plays in the cemetery with a toy gun. The predator targets the boy but does not kill him when it realizes the boy poses no threat because he's unarmed. On the subway to the slaughterhouse district, Jerry and Leona encounter a group of gang members harassing a passenger. The passenger pulls a gun on them and the gang members do the same, prompting several other commuters to pull their guns as well. As Jerry and Leona try to defuse an impending slaughter, the predator jumps onto the roof of their car and enters it. It wades through the passengers, killing anyone who possesses a weapon. Leona is able lead most of the passengers out of the car and to the opposite end of the train. While she does, she sees Jerry shooting at an invisible target. Jerry's bullets have no effect and he leaps at the predator with a large knife. Leona pulls an alarm that stops the train and she guides the passengers out of the platform. She walks back to the last car and finds Jerry and a couple of commuters hung by their ankles and dead. The predator suddenly appears and grabs her. Looking her over with it's infrared vision, it sees that she's pregnant. Harrigan arrives on the scene and sees the carnage. Jerry's body is gone and he walks down the tunnel, searching. He spots the predator ripping Jerry's skull and spinal column from his body. Harrigan chases it to street level. He steals a police car and chases it several blocks until he's stopped by Keyes' men. Taken to a high-tech command center, Keyes explains that the predator is an alien that uses advanced weaponry. He tells Harrigan about a commando team that encountered another of these creatures in a Latin American jungle 10 years prior. Keyes says that they believe the alien can only track it's prey using infrared technology and that his team, intending to capture it and study it, will wear special suits that will insulate their body heat and make them invisible. At the same time, they will dust the slaughterhouse with radioactive particles that will make the alien visible. Their ultimate goal is to freeze the alien with frozen nitrogen. The predator comes to the location every couple of days to eat the beef there. Keyes tells Harrigan to stay in the command center and observe. Keyes and his team move into the slaughterhouse. Their equipment functions well at first, until a couple of team members step on a creaking stair. The predator, hearing the noise, uses a small control panel to adjust it's vision enhancer, which changes several times until it's able to see the beams from the lights the team are using. Harrigan tries to warn Keyes that they've been spotted but the team is attacked by the predator, which kills nearly all of them. One of the teams sprays a smoke detector with nitrogen, setting off the warehouse's sprinkler system. Harrigan leaves the command center, arms himself and blows down the door just as the predator fires a blast from it's laser cannon at Keyes. Harrigan shoots at the predator, damaging its laser cannon. The alien tries to activate it's cloaking system but the water falling from the ceiling prevents it from becoming invisible. Harrigan shoots the predator several times with a shotgun, blowing it onto its back. He approaches it slowly and removes it's helmet, studying it briefly before it wakes up suddenly and throws Harrigan backwards. The predator finally corners Harrigan and is about to kill him when Keyes intervenes, trying to blast the monster back with frozen nitrogen. Keyes tells Harrigan to retreat just as the alien throws a smart disk, cutting Keyes in half. The predator retreats to the roof of the building, using a breathing mask. It throws its large hunting spear at Harrigan and misses. Harrigan uses the spear to push the alien and himself off the building, where they both hang onto a ledge. The predator activates a timer connected to a small nuclear charge. Before the charge can go off, though, Harrigan uses the alien's smart disk to sever it's arm, deactivating the bomb. The alien falls down the side of the building, catching a large pipe and crashing into an apartment bathroom. It uses an elaborate first aid kit to heal it's wounds and again retreats. Harrigan follows it, falling into a cavern below the building where the alien's spacecraft has been hidden. Inside the spaceship, Harrigan finds a small shrine of sorts with skulls of humans, animals and aliens. The predator once again attacks Harrigan who fights it off and kills it with its smart disk. After it falls dead, several more predators appear and carry their fallen comrade off. The last one to leave looks over Harrigan briefly and tosses him a flintlock pistol, a trophy from a previous hunt. Engraved on the pistol is the original owner's name and the year 1715. Harrigan hears the ship starting up and runs out to cover just before the blast from the engines fills the cavern. As the dust- and soot-covered Harrigan walks out of a tunnel he meets one of Keyes' assistants, who, upon seeing the haggard Harrigan, leaves him. 
 Salvador (1986)541) A burnt-out photojournalist becomes involved in a Central American revolution. A journalist, down on his luck in the US, drives to El Salvador to chronicle the events of the 1980 military dictatorship, including the assasination of Archbishop Oscar Romero. He forms an uneasy alliance with both guerillas in the countryside who want him to get pictures out to the US press, and the right-wing military, who want him to bring them photographs of the rebels. Meanwhile he has to find a way of protecting his Salvadorean girlfriend and getting her out of the country. Tony Bowden <t.bowden@qub.ac.uk> Oliver Stone 's fictionalized account of journalist Richard Boyle's year in El Salvador during very turbulent times in 1980-81. Down and out in San Francisco, Boyle and a colleague Doctor Rock head to El Salvador in his beat up car. There he manages to reunite with former girlfriend Maria and her younger brother. Boyle is naturally suspicious of government officials who see the communist guerrillas as a major threat. As Boyle continues to push local and U.S. Embassy officials for answers he soon becomes a target and must find a way to flee - with Maria - before he too becomes one of the disappeared. garykmcd It's 1980. Young men, women and children are being brutally killed in a bloody civil war in El Salvador. It's a horrific setting - but a perfect one for Richard Boyle, a sleazy war photojournalist whose career needs a jump-start. Armed with his camera, Boyle joins the front lines in an attempt to capture atrocious-but-valuable images of pain and horror. But with each picture he takes, he catches a tragic side of humanity that ignites his long-buried compassion. And he unexpectedly discovers something that will change him forever: his soul. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. California, 1980 Veteran photojournalist Richard Boyle (James Woods) has been taking his camera to the world's trouble spots for over 20 years. While he does good work, Boyle's fondness for booze and drugs, and his colossal arrogance, have given him a reputation that's left him practically unemployable. One morning, he finds that his wife has abandoned him, taking their child with her. Broke and with no immediate prospects, Boyle and his best friend, Doctor Rock (Jim Belushi), an out-of-work disc jockey, head to El Salvador, where Boyle is convinced that he can scrounge some lucrative freelance work amidst the nation's political turmoil. However, when Boyle and Rock witness the execution of a teenage high school student by government troops just as they enter the country, it becomes clear that this war is more serious than they were expecting. After he asks a soldier for a general he met during the Football War, he and Rock are taken to him in a school-turned-barracks where both discuss the situation and he learns that the army is supplied by the United States. Feeling that El Salvador is a disaster starting to happen, Boyle eventually decides that it's time to get out, but he's reunited with an old flame named Mara (Elpidia Carrillo) and her two children (one of whom is his), and he doesn't want to leave her behind. In the meantime, both he and Maria go to a mass by Archbishop Oscar Romero. During the mass, the Archbishop is killed by an assassin sent by the far-right ARANA party (a fascist parody of the real-life ARENA party) and the army outside opens fire on the escaping crowd with Boyle and Maria barely escaping. Following this, he goes to the United States Embassy to convince the ambassador (Michael Murphy) to cut aid for the Salvadoran government as their human rights abuses increase but is denied and is told to leave the country for his own safety, prompting him to leave the embassy in anger. While attempting to get her out of the country, Boyle is harassed by the military due to his profession and eventually leads to the deaths of innocent people either close to him or Mara by death squads. John Cassady (John Savage), Boyle's friend and fellow photojournalist, is also killed during a battle between the government and rebels in Santa Ana when the Salvadoran army starts using American vehicles and air support to crush the left-wing rebels. Boyle and Mara eventually leave the country and travel through Guatemala, and later Mexico towards the United States. However, upon entering California, their bus is stopped by immigration officers and Mara allows herself to be deported alongside her children due to the guilt of leaving her home country behind while Boyle is arrested after desperately arguing with the officers. An epilogue reveals that Maria and her children survived and were last rumored to be in a refugee camp in Guatemala by the time of this film's release. Doctor Rock eventually returned to San Francisco. John Cassady's photos were published and Richard Boyle is still looking for Maria and her children. 