nm0005338:

 NYPD Blue (19932005)Summaries Detectives from NYPD's 15th Precinct investigate homicides within their precinct. Each week, viewers saw the gritty reality of life in a New York City Police unit, as the officers go about their work with a grim determination, and a willingness to break the same laws that they're supposed to be enforcing. Two partners, Detectives Andy Sipowicz (Dennis Franz) and John Kelly (David Caruso) (later replaced by Bobby Simone (Jimmy Smits)), were the central characters in this weekly Police drama, and personified very different approaches to their difficult job. Sipowicz's brash gruffness (covering an emotional vulnerability) was tempered by the precise and controlled demeanor of the two partners with whom he has worked. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Xena: Warrior Princess (19952001)55) Xena, a mighty Warrior Princess with a dark past, sets out to redeem herself. She is joined by small town bard, Gabrielle. Together they journey the ancient world and fight for the greater good against ruthless Warlords and Gods. Xena, once known as "Destroyer of Nations," tries to redeem herself by fighting for the greater good. On her quest, she meets Gabrielle, a small town bard hungry for adventure. Together, they take down some of the world's most formidable opponents, even the gods. Willie Nelson Crane Jr Warrior Princess Xena sets out to redeem herself for her dark past. She is joined by small town bard, Gabrielle. Together, they journey the ancient mythological world, and fight for the greater good against ruthless Warlords and Gods. A campy fantasy filled with action, adventures, Hong Kong styled martial arts, comedies, and drama, Xena comes face-to-face with her past many times over, and tries to right the wrongs she did. Gabrielle is eager to find her way and become a warrior. They go through a lot together and at the core of it all is their powerful friendship. ahmetkozan Xena, a mighty warrior and healer, once led a band of outlaws that terrorized all of Greece. She has come to regret the harm she caused and, with her companion Gabrielle, now travels the countryside seeking adventure and fighting the forces of evil. Eric Sorensen <Eric_Sorensen@fc.mcps.k12.md.us> In ancient Greece, a time of mythical legends. Xena was a mighty female warrior, Xena once left her village and led a army of outlaws that terrorized the lands, and was a former enemy of the legendary hero Hercules. Xena began to regret what she had done and embarked on a quest for redemption. Joined by a young woman named Gabrille, Xena travels across the lands as she battles forces of evil, and would often do battle with her evil foes, the ruthless and charming Ares and Callisto, a warrior woman out to get her revenge on Xena for the death of her family and burning her village when she was a child. And Xena and Gabrille were on occasions joined by trusted friends wannabe warrior, Joxer and thief Autolycus. Seeking adventure and helping people, Xena's courage will change the world... Daniel Williamson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 CSI: Crime Scene Investigation (20002015)44) Series following an elite team of police forensic evidence investigation experts as they work their cases in Las Vegas. This show follows the nights of the detectives working at the Las Vegas Police Department Crime Scene Investigations bureau. Being the second busiest crime lab in America, CSI officers use the best scientific and technical methods to solve puzzles and catch criminals. ahmetkozan The Las Vegas PD Criminalistics Division is the #2 crime lab in the US, solving crimes that practically every other crime lab has given up on. Led by hard-nosed Captain Jim Brass and quirky Gil Grissom, they track down perpetrators using scientific analysis and the occasional leap in logic. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> In the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, its reputation for providing instant success for those willing to try their luck draws in the hopeful and the naive. This constant influx of visitors also provides ripe targets for criminals of all varieties, confident they will never be caught. Unfortunately for them, most are proven wrong by the Las Vegas Police Department's night shift Crime Scene Investigations unit led by Gill Grissom. With almost obsessive dedication towards his quest for the facts, he and his elite team of investigators work various perplexing cases using scientific skills and equipment that are capable of finding valuable clues from the most seemingly unlikely sources. In a city of empty dreams and false fronts, Gill Grissom leads the quest for the one thing that can cut through the lies to the truth and justice, the evidence. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Strong Medicine (20002006)Summaries Tough female doctors treat an exclusively female clientele at the Rittenhouse Women's clinic, tackling female-centric issues and trying to make the world a better place in a male-dominated society. Dr. Luisa Delgado ran the South Philly Women's Clinic so that poor women could get the medical help they needed. Dr. Dana Stowe did medical research on cancer to help women. Together they now run a women's clinic at Philadelphia's Rittenhouse Hospital to help all women. Dr. Jekyll It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 