nm0001254:

 Killing Them Softly (2012)651) Jackie Cogan is an enforcer hired to restore order after three dumb guys rob a Mob protected card game, causing the local criminal economy to collapse. Three amateurs stickup a Mob protected card game, causing the local criminal economy to collapse. Brad Pitt plays the hitman hired to track them down and restore order. Anonymous Boston , the fall of 2008. While the banking crisis grips national news, two young slackers rob a high-stakes poker game. The local Mob attorney brings in Jackie to clean things up. He's a hit man who likes to kill his victims softly. There's a code at work: Jackie surmises that he has to kill Trattman, even though he's innocent; then Jackie brings in Mickey from out of state, because one of the people who has to die knows Jackie. Can Jackie's methodical, cheery approach to his work put the local underground's finances back in order? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Livid over the fact that three low-level thieves have crashed the entire underworld economy, the mob's top brass hires Jackie Cogan (Brad Pitt) to see that the bandits pay for their crime. The closer Cogan gets to his target, however, the more he finds his mission complicated by an alcoholic hit man who's well past his prime, incompetent gangsters, and the playboy host of the inauspicious game. In 2008, the crook Johnny Amato plots a plan to rob a Mafia card game managed by the rogue Markie Trattman, who had stolen his poker game in the past using two men. He hires the smalltime thieves Frankie and Russell to do the job expecting Markie to be the prime-suspect of Mafia. However the Mafia hires the hitman Jackie to resolve the problem and he explains to his mobster contact Driver that he believes that Markie is not responsible for the heist but should die to be an example to the street to prevent further heists. Soon the heroin addicted Russell discloses his participation in the heist to the drug dealer Kenny Gill, who is connected to the Mafia and gives the information to Jackie. He discovers the responsible for the heist that begins his job killing them softly. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Three amateur criminals hold up a card game and steal cash from all the players. Their heist destroys confidence and all illegal card games in the area stop. Eager to get business and cash moving again, the local mob hire hitman Jackie (Brad Pitt) to find out who knocked off the game and punish them in an effort to restore confidence. Jackie struggles to get clear direction from the mob that appears to be run as an autonomous collective, leaderless committee. He presses them to allow him to hit Markie Trattman (Ray Liotta) because whilst innocent Markie is the person everybody thinks held up the card game. Jackie's assertion is that if people believe the issue is resolved confidence will be restored; even if the situation remains unchanged. Markie having been brutally despatched, Jackie is sent to perform a hit on the original three criminals actually responsible. The film is interspersed with talking head news footage of Bush and Obama referring to the struggling economy and the need for America to pull together as a community, the relevance of which becomes clear in the closing scene. Having eliminated all his targets, Jackie meets with his operator to collect the cash only to be informed that his payment has gone down. The meeting takes place in a bar in which the TV is showing President Barack Obama's inaugural address. Handing over the smaller than agreed sum of money, the Driver says, These are recession prices. Jackie turns to the TV on which Obama is still addressing the Nation and replies, This guy wants to tell me we're living in a community? Don't make me laugh. I'm living in America, and in America you're on your own. America's not a country. It's just a business. Now fuckin' pay me. 
 Enough Said (2013)541) A divorced woman who decides to pursue the man she's interested in learns he's her new friend's ex-husband. A divorced and single parent, Eva (Julia Louis-Dreyfus) spends her days enjoying work as a masseuse but dreading her daughter's impending departure for college. She meets Albert (James Gandolfini) - a sweet, funny and like-minded man also facing an empty nest. As their romance quickly blossoms, Eva befriends Marianne (Catherine Keener), her new massage client. Marianne is a beautiful poet who seems "almost perfect" except for one prominent quality: she rags on her ex-husband way too much. Suddenly, Eva finds herself doubting her own relationship with Albert as she learns the truth about Marianne's ex. ID-PR Divorced Eva is a Los Angeles based masseuse, whose only child, teenager Ellen, is going away to college, Sarah Lawrence, in the fall, leaving Eva as an empty nester. As such, Eva slowly turns her motherly focus to Ellen's best friend, Chloe, without even realizing it. Not one for confrontation, Eva quietly accepts certain foibles of her clients without dealing with them as issues, such as Martin with halitosis, constant chatterbox Cynthia who Eva just tunes out, and young Hal who never offers to carry Eva's heavy and bulky massage table up his long and steep front set of stairs, but who she in turn never asks. Accompanying her married couple friends Sarah and Will to a party where she knows no one, Eva meets divorced Marianne, a poet, who hires Eva to be her masseuse. That professional relationship turns to friendship as both Eva and Marianne are looking for single friends who they can unburden themselves, mostly about their love lives and the disasters that were their first marriages. Also at that party, Eva meets divorced father, Albert, who, like Eva, will soon be an empty nester as Albert's daughter Tess is also going away to school back east in the fall. Despite the two of them indirectly stating at that party that they are not attracted to each other, Albert asks for Eva's number which leads to a date. That date slowly leads to a relationship which looks like it could be the second chance for both in terms of a loving committed relationship. With her relationships with Marianne and Albert on firm ground, Eva learns indirectly that Albert is Marianne's ex-husband, the man who Marianne has bad-mouthed time and time again in her and Eva's private conversations. Rather than confront the coincidence head on, Eva decides to remain silent about her finding to both Marianne and Albert. The subsequent private conversations that Eva has with Marianne and Albert could taint her feelings about the other. But if Marianne and/or Albert were to find out that Eva knew the situation without telling them, it could ruin the relationships Eva so needs at this crucial time in her life. Huggo Eva is a divorced soon-to-be empty-nest er wondering about her next act. Then she meets Marianne, the embodiment of her perfect self. Armed with a restored outlook on being middle-aged and single, Eva decides to take a chance on her new love interest Albert - a sweet, funny and like-minded man. But things get complicated when Eva discovers that Albert is in fact the dreaded ex-husband of Marianne. yusufpiskin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Eva (Julia Louis-Dreyfus), a masseuse, a mother of a teenage girl and a divorcee attends a party in Pacific Palisades with her friends, married couple Will (Ben Falcone) and Sarah (Toni Collette). She meets a poet, Marianne (Catherine Keener), and Will introduces Eva to his friends, Jason (Phillip Brock) and Albert (James Gandolfini). After the party, Albert asks Will for Eva's number and though hesitant, due to the lack of physical attraction, Eva agrees to go on a dinner date with Albert, which goes well. Marianne contacts Eva for a massage, Eva takes an immediate liking to Marianne, and they become friends. Eva finds herself more and more fond of Albert and they have lunch with his teenage daughter, Tess (Eve Hewson), who, like Eva's daughter, is graduating from high school and moving away to attend college. A few days later, Eva goes to her massage appointment with Marianne and realizes that Albert is Marianne's ex-husband after she tells her a story about how he eats guacamole - the same story Albert told her. Tess then arrives at the house and Eva's suspicions are confirmed. Marianne tries to introduce Eva to Tess, but she hides behind a tree to avoid the meeting. Eva continues seeing Albert, keeping her friendship with Marianne a secret; likewise, she does not tell Marianne she is seeing him. Eva encourages Marianne to complain about her ex-husband Albert so she can identify potential problems in her relationship with him. To the encouragement of Eva, Sarah and Will invite her and Albert to a dinner party, which goes badly after Eva begins finding fault with Albert, which upsets him. At another appointment with Marianne, Eva is exposed when Albert arrives to drop Tess off at her mother's. He is angry that Eva kept her friendship with Marianne a secret, and breaks up with her. Eva and her ex-husband take Ellen to the airport for her flight to college. A few months later, on Thanksgiving Day, Eva drives by Albert's home and stops in front of the house on her way to pick up Ellen from the airport. He sees her and she awkwardly waves. He eventually comes outside, to Eva's surprise, and sits with her on the porch and they begin to renew their relationship. 
 The Sopranos (19992007)Summaries New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano deals with personal and professional issues in his home and business life that affect his mental state, leading him to seek professional psychiatric counseling. An innovative look at the life of fictional Mafia Capo Tony Soprano, this serial is presented largely first person, but additional perspective is conveyed by the intimate conversations Tony has with his psychotherapist. We see Tony at work, at home, and in therapy. Moments of black comedy intersperse this aggressive, adult drama, with adult language, and extreme violence. ahmetkozan North Jersey mob boss, Tony Soprano, self-described "waste management consultant," reluctantly seeks a psychiatrist's help after blacking out. Lest he appear weak, he must keep his therapy a secret from the rest of the Mob. He's stressed: his teenage daughter is giving his wife fits; his mean-spirited mother refuses to move to a retirement community; his aging Uncle Junior, jealous of Tony's rise to the top, won't stay in line and engineers a plot to kill Tony; and the feds, armed with RICO, are circling. In therapy, Tony must come to terms with his father's example, his mother's manipulations, and his own fears of death and loss of family. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Mexican (2001)321) A man tries to transport an ancient gun called The Mexican, believed to carry a curse, back across the border, while his girlfriend pressures him to give up his criminal ways. Jerry Welbach is given two ultimatums. His mob boss wants him to travel to Mexico to get a priceless antique pistol called "The Mexican" or he will suffer the consequences. The other ultimatum comes from his girlfriend Samantha, who wants him to end his association with the mob. Jerry figures that being alive, although in trouble with his girlfriend is the better alternative so he heads south of the border. Finding the pistol is easy but getting it home is a whole other matter. The pistol supposedly carries a curse - a curse Jerry is given every reason to believe, especially when Samantha is held hostage by the gay hit man Leroy to ensure the safe return of the pistol. ck Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Brad Pitt has been working for a mobster who is in prison because Pitt accidentally ran a red light and hit the mobster's car. When the police arrived, they found a body in the mobster's trunk. The guy was alive but was obviously going to be murdered. The mobster was sentenced to 5 years in prison. Pitt has been forced to work for the mobster to pay for having caused him to go to prison. Julia Roberts is Pitt's girlfriend and they have been having difficulties with their relationship. Roberts now wants to go to Vegas but Pitt has to make one last trip for the mobster or he will be killed. Roberts throws Pitt out and heads to Vegas alone and Pitt heads to Mexico on his last mission. Pitt has been given orders by the 2nd in command (Bob Balaban) to pick up a gun called "The Mexican" and bring it back. Pitt gets to Mexico and picks up the gun but unfortunately, the man he gets it from is accidentally killed by a stray bullet fired during a Mexican celebration. Pitt calls Balaban and reports the problem and while he's on the phone, his car is stolen, gun and all. Pitt sets out after the car to try and retrieve the gun. Meanwhile, on the way to Vegas Roberts is in a restroom when a gunman grabs her and before anything happens, James Gandolfini saves her by shooting the man. Gandolfini claims that he is working for the mobster and that his name is Leroy. He is a very sensitive, gay psychotic killer who is there to protect Roberts. They get to Vegas and along the way Gandolfini picks up a gay postal worker who spends a romantic evening with Gandolfini. In the morning Roberts and Gandolfini go out for breakfast and while they're eating, the gunman goes to their hotel room and kills the postal worker by throwing him off the balcony. Roberts and Gandolfini get back and this time Gandolfini shoots the man in the head to kill him for good. Roberts and Gandolfini are told by Balaban to head to Mexico and meet Pitt because things have gone wrong. In Mexico, Pitt has recovered the gun and then lost it a second time. A man from the mob has come down to help him. Pitt knows the man had been sent to kill him so he tricks the man, gets the gun and drives to the airport to leave Mexico. Unfortunately, Pitt has the wrong passport and can't get on his flight. He goes back to the small town where he left the man handcuffed, but he's gone. Gandolfini and roberts meet up with Pitt and for some reason, Pitt does not tell him he has the gun but will take him to where it's hidden. Pitt has an argument with Roberts and nearly wrecks the car causing a blowout. While Pitt is changing the tire, Gandolfini pulls a gun on him. Roberts is furious with Pitt and has been walking away. Pitt hasn't seen Gandolfini's gun yet but Gandolfini sees Roberts walking away and puts his gun away. He knows that Roberts loves Pitt and he just can't kill him. Gandolfini helps Pitt change the tire and now Pitt pulls a gun on Gandolfini. Gandolfini sees the gun in the reflection on the hubcap and turns to fire but Pitt shoots first and kills Gandolfini. It seems that Pitt had once met Leroy and knew that Gandolfini was not who he claimed to be. He realized that he was there to kill him. Roberts is extremely upset but Pitt and her stay together trying to decide what to do now. In their hotel room, Pitt looks out the window and see someone trying to break into his car. the same person that stole it the first time. He goes down to stop him and is punched in the face (twice) and knocked out. He is driven to a very nice ranch house and there he meets the mob boss who has been let out of prison - Gene Hackman. In prison Hackman was befriended by the grandson of the ranchowner. the son was killed saving the life of Hackman in prison. The ranch owner is the grandson of the man who made "The Mexican." We are now told the true legend of The mexican. It was made by a gunsmith as a gift to a rich noble so the nobleman's son would marry his daughter. Unfortunately, the daughter was in love with the gunsmith's assistant. On the wedding day the nobleman's son is presented with the gun and it fails to work. He notices his future bride and the assistant staring at each other. He realizes they are in love and shoots and kills the assistant. The girl picks up the gun, puts it to her head and shoots herself. The gun contained two bullets, one of which has now been used. Hackman has been trying to get the gun to give it back to the rightful owner, the great grandson. Balaban has been trying to get it to sell for profit. Roberts is back in the hotel room and has the gun tied to her leg when Balaban appears on the balcony. Roberts hides between 2 mattresses. We next see Pitt and some Mexican employees of the ranchowner driving into town. Balaban is standing beside his car and asks Pitt where the gun is. Pitt says only Roberts knows and Balaban opens the trunk to reveal Roberts. Unfortunately for Balaban, when he opens the trunk, Roberts has the gun pointed right at him. She shoots the 2nd and last bullet, hitting him in the throat. We hardly know he's been shot until he opens his mouth and smoke comes out. The ranchhands take the gun back to the ranch and a brass ring that had fallen off the gun is picked up by Pitt. He uses it as a wedding band and places it on Roberts finger. The final scene shows the two of them driving off - arguing... 