nm0007938:

 The Lost World (2001 )Summaries An expedition leaves for the Amazon to prove the existence of dinosaurs. Professor Challenger reveals the existence of a remote plateau in the Amazon jungle where dinosaurs have survived. He returns there leading an expedition. Not only are dinosaurs found and confronted, but also highly evolved apes, Amazonian Indians who think Challenger a god, and, on the way, the attractive orphaned niece of a lonely missionary. Theology intervenes in this exercise in vindicating Darwin and the missionary twice attempts to sabotage the mission. After much excitement, love is found in unexpected places, and, confronted by civilization, as represented by the Royal Society in London, Challenger changes his story. Stewart Naunton <snaunton@online.ru> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Faust (1980)Summaries Rumbelow has taken an amalgamation of Marlowe, Goethe and Byron and produced an impression of the Faust tale. The film is based on the long running stage production that Triple Action Theatre toured around the world for 14 years. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Playing the Field (19982002)Summaries The on-the-field trials and tribulations and the off-the-field lives, loves and infidelities of the Castlefield Blues, an underfunded, badly managed ladies football team from South Yorkshire in the north of England whose loyalty to the team, the game and each other far exceeds their chances of ever winning the championship. Mark Smith <msmith@osi.co.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lucky Break (2001)Summaries Under the leadership of a small-time bank robber, British inmates hatch a plan to escape by staging a musical. Half-way through his 12-year prison sentence for an incompetent armed robbery, Jimmy Hands gets a lucky break: he's transferred to a prison from which he can probably escape. He convinces the governor to stage a musical in an old chapel next to the prison's outer wall. He rounds up volunteer actors and puts his escape plan into production. Two other barriers, besides the wall, confront him: the arrival of a nasty inmate, John Toombes, who insists on joining the escape, and Jimmy's feelings of attraction for Anabel, a social worker who agrees to appear in the play. Opening night approaches: is this Jimmy's breakout performance? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 