nm0003834:

 Inception (2010)761) A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O., but his tragic past may doom the project and his team to disaster. Dom Cobb is a skilled thief, the absolute best in the dangerous art of extraction, stealing valuable secrets from deep within the subconscious during the dream state, when the mind is at its most vulnerable. Cobb's rare ability has made him a coveted player in this treacherous new world of corporate espionage, but it has also made him an international fugitive and cost him everything he has ever loved. Now Cobb is being offered a chance at redemption. One last job could give him his life back but only if he can accomplish the impossible, inception. Instead of the perfect heist, Cobb and his team of specialists have to pull off the reverse: their task is not to steal an idea, but to plant one. If they succeed, it could be the perfect crime. But no amount of careful planning or expertise can prepare the team for the dangerous enemy that seems to predict their every move. An enemy that only Cobb could have seen coming. Warner Bros. Pictures Dominic Cobb is an spy who instead of breaking into a person's home, office, or even computer, gets the information he needs by getting into the person's mind through their dreams. Cobb is also a fugitive who misses his children. Someone approaches Cobb and wants to hire him but instead of getting information out, the man wants Cobb to implant something, a process called "inception", which is not easy to do. Cobb is hesitant to do it, but when the man offers to help Cobb go back to his children, Cobb agrees. So he assembles his team but when they begin, there are things Cobb didn't tell his team that could jeopardize the job, and when they occur, they're not sure if they should continue. rcs0411@yahoo.com Dominic Cobb is the foremost practitioner of the artistic science of extraction, inserting oneself into a subject's dreams to obtain hidden information without the subject knowing, a concept taught to him by his professor father-in-law, Dr. Stephen Miles. Dom's associates are Miles' former students, who Dom requires as he has given up being the dream architect for reasons he won't disclose. Dom's primary associate, Arthur, believes it has something to do with Dom's deceased wife, Mal, who often figures prominently and violently in those dreams, or Dom's want to "go home" (get back to his own reality, which includes two young children). Dom's work is generally in corporate espionage. As the subjects don't want the information to get into the wrong hands, the clients have zero tolerance for failure. Dom is also a wanted man, as many of his past subjects have learned what Dom has done to them. One of those subjects, Mr. Saito, offers Dom a job he can't refuse: to take the concept one step further into inception, namely planting thoughts into the subject's dreams without them knowing. Inception can fundamentally alter that person as a being. Saito's target is Robert Michael Fischer, the heir to an energy business empire, which has the potential to rule the world if continued on the current trajectory. Beyond the complex logistics of the dream architecture of the case and some unknowns concerning Fischer, the biggest obstacles in success for the team become worrying about one aspect of inception which Cobb fails to disclose to the other team members prior to the job, and Cobb's newest associate Ariadne's belief that Cobb's own subconscious, especially as it relates to Mal, may be taking over what happens in the dreams. Huggo Mr. Cobb a unique con artist can enter anyone's dreams and extract the most valuable ideas and secrets of people with the help of "inception" (a dream sharing technology) when the state of mind is at its vulnerable best. Cobbs ability has made him the face of corporate spying, hence a wanted man too. Seeing his abilities, he is approached by Saito to carry out an almost impossible mission not to steal, but to plant the idea into the mind of the legal heir of a billion dollar enterprenauer. Mr. Cobb, with some specialists, must do the impossible in order to get back his life in a completely different "world of dreams" facing his own demons. Mahesh Shelatkar Dom Cobb is a thief with the rare ability to enter people's dreams and steal their secrets from their subconsciouses. His skill has made him a hot commodity in the world of corporate espionage, but has also cost him everything he loves. Cobb gets a chance at redemption when he is offered a seemingly impossible task: Plant an idea in someone's mind. If he succeeds, it will be the perfect crime, but a dangerous enemy anticipates Cobb's every move. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A young man, exhausted and delirious, washes up on a beach, looking up momentarily to see two young children ( Claire Geare and Magnus Nolan ) playing in the sand before he passes out. An armed guard ( Tohoru Masamune ) discovers him and has him brought to a large, seaside palace where the proprietor, an elderly Japanese man, is told of the stranger's arrival. The only objects found on him were a handgun and a brass top. The old man allows the stranger entry. He is dragged in and given some food which he struggles to eat as the old man picks up the brass top and says, "You remind me of someone...a man I met in a half remembered dream. He was possessed of some radical notions." The stranger looks up in realization as the scene shifts... Dom Cobb ( Leonardo DiCaprio ) and his partner, Arthur ( Joseph Gordon-Levitt ), speak to a prospective client, Saito ( Ken Watanabe ), in an eerily similar dining room about the services they provide; specifically protection against thieves specialized in extracting valuable information from a subject while they're dreaming. Cobb explains that, when one is asleep, one's mind is vulnerable to attack and what he can do is train Saito's mind to subconsciously defend against extractors to protect whatever secrets he may be hiding. He backs up his claim by revealing that he is the most skilled extractor there is and knows all the tricks involved. Appearing skeptical, Saito stands to leave, telling Cobb he will consider his proposition, and exits the room to join a small party in the main hall. Arthur casts Cobb a glance, saying, He knows as the room begins to shake. They walk to an outside balcony where other party-goers mingle and Arthur points to a woman nearby, asking Cobb what she's doing here. Cobb assures him that he'll take care of it and to proceed with the job. He knows where Saito's secrets are; he glanced over at a safe the minute Cobb mentioned the word. Cobb approaches the woman who asks if he misses her. He responds that he does but can't trust her anymore. They retreat to a private room where Cobb ties a rope to the leg of a chair and tosses the end out of the window. He tells the woman, Mal ( Marion Cotillard ), to take a seat as she asks him if the children miss her. Cobb pauses a moment before saying, "I can't imagine." He then repels out the window to a ledge below, nearly falling when Mal leaves her seat. He breaks into the room below and accesses the safe, swapping out the manila folder inside for another, as the lights in the room turn on. He turns with his gun out to see Mal aiming a gun at him and standing beside Saito and a guard holding Arthur. Cobb asks Saito if 'she told him' as he slides his gun across the table. Saito responds, "That you are here to steal from me, or that we are actually asleep?" This proves true: the three of them are hooked up to a PASIV (Portable Automated Somnacin IntraVenous) device which feeds them the sleep drug Somnacin, keeping them all asleep and allowing dream-sharing. They are watched over by Nash ( Lukas Haas ), another of Cobb's partners. He checks Saito, sleeping on a bed, before going into another room to check on Arthur and Cobb, both asleep in chairs. Cobb's chair sits above a tub full of water. Explosions and shouts outside get closer as a mob of rioters moves down the street. Inside the dream, Mal holds her gun to Arthur's head but Cobb tells her the threat is empty, as he hands the manila folder over to Saito, since shooting him will only wake him up. Mal smiles in agreement but says that pain is only in the mind and perceived as real as she shoots Arthur in the knee, causing him to cry out. Cobb dives across the table and retrieves his gun before shooting Arthur in the head. He then dashes out of the room under gunfire from Saito's guards. Arthur wakes up and instructs Nash that things are falling apart but Cobb still has time to finish the job before he checks on the still sleeping Saito. Saito frantically opens the manila folder as the dream begins to collapse and shouts in anger as he finds blank pages inside. Cobb manages to hide away for a moment to look at the contents of the real folder which he'd hidden in his jacket, gazing over the confidential files as the building crumbles around him. Saito is crushed by debris and wakes up in the apartment, unseen to Arthur as he reaches under his pillow. Arthur tells Nash to wake Cobb by giving him the kick. Nash pushes Cobb backwards into the tub and, as he hits the water, Cobb's dream is flooded with massive waves cascading through the windows before he wakes up. Saito, having reached under his pillow for his gun, grabs Arthur but is subdued by Cobb who tells him that not all the information he needed was in the file he stole. Saito laughs and claims that all the information he had was in the file because he knew of Cobb's ruse all along. He allowed Cobb and Arthur into his mind as part of an audition which they failed, saying that 'your deception was obvious.' Asserting that his employer, Cobol Engineering, won't accept failure, Cobb throws Saito on the floor and demands that he tell them what they need to know about his expansion project. With his face pressed into the carpet, Saito begins to laugh again and reveals that he is familiar with the material of the carpet; it is supposed to be made of wool instead of polyester. Thus, he comes to the conclusion that he is still sleeping. Sure enough, Saito, Arthur, Nash, and Cobb are all asleep in the car of a train, watched over by a young man named Tadashi ( Tai-Li Lee ) who monitors the time remaining on the PASIV device. He places headphones over Nash's ears and plays music as a cue that their time is running out. The music plays faintly within the dream but enough that Nash can hear it. As the rioting mob outside draws nearer, Saito commends Cobb on creating a dream within a dream but becomes confused at his inability to control this dream. Nash reveals that they're not in Saito's dream...they're in his. The mob breaks through the door, attacking everyone in the room, and Arthur, Nash, and Cobb wake up on the train. Cobb berates Nash, the architect of the dream, for designing the carpet wrong and throws Tadashi a wad of money before leaving, telling them 'every man for himself'. Saito wakes up moments later to find himself alone in the car, save for Tadashi who's resumed a casual pose, but smiles wryly to himself. In his apartment, Cobb spins his brass top and takes his gun, pointing it at his temple as the top spins. When it falls, he breathes a sigh of relief and puts the gun down. His phone rings and he picks it up to hear his two children, James and Phillipa ( Johnathan Geare and Taylor Geare ), on the other line with their grandmother. They ask when he's coming home and he responds that he can't because of work. When James asks if their mother is with him - an image of Mal crosses his mind - Cobb pauses and tells him that 'mommy's not here anymore'. He tells them to behave and that he'll send presents with grandpa before their grandmother hangs up. Arthur knocks on the door and tells Cobb their ride is on the roof. Cobb decides to fly to Buenos Aires to lie low in lieu of their failed job for Cobol while Arthur says he's returning 'stateside'. Cobb asks him to send his regards as they open the door to the helicopter and see Nash, beaten and bruised, and Saito waiting for them. Apparently, Nash had tried to sell out Cobb and Arthur for his own safety but Saito has other interests. He offers Cobb a job performing 'inception' for him, something Arthur claims is impossible. Cobb, however, says that it's not impossible but extremely difficult since it involves planting an idea in someone's mind rather than extracting one. He turns away, insisting that he'll find a way to resolve relations with Cobol himself but Saito then asks him if he wants to go home to his children in America. He promises Cobb that, if he succeeds, all he will need to do is make a phone call and the charges keeping Cobb out of the country will be dropped. Desperate, and to Arthur's exasperation, Cobb accepts. They board the helicopter with Saito while two thugs carry Nash away to an uncertain fate. En route, Arthur explains to Saito the nature of inception, telling him that simply planting an idea in someone's head does not guarantee that the idea will take. The subject may very well discover that the idea is not theirs and reject it. True inspiration, Arthur claims, is impossible, despite Cobb's thoughts otherwise. Saito shares with them his reasoning for the job; he needs the CEO of a competing energy conglomerate to split up his father's company, ensuring Saito's own Proclus Global complete domination over the energy production industry. Despite the daunting task, Cobb agrees to perform the job. Saito drops them off at the airport and advises Cobb to choose his team wisely. Cobb travels to Paris where he meets up with his father-in-law, Miles ( Michael Caine ), a professor at a university and the one who taught Cobb and Mal about dream-sharing and designing dreams. Cobb asks for an architect, one as good as he, and Miles points him to someone better. He introduces Cobb to a graduate student of his, Ariadne ( Elliot Page ) who is immediately put to the test by Cobb to design a maze that takes one minute to create and two to solve. After impressing Cobb with her skills, he tells her more about his line of work and what is required of her. Her job as architect will be to design dreams and create virtual mazes for the dreamers subconscious to inhabit while allowing Cobb and his team to work. As they talk outside a cafe, Cobb attempts to make Ariadne aware that they are actually in a dream. The realization causes Ariadne to panic and the dream violently collapses. When they awake, Ariadne finds they are in Cobb's warehouse workshop where Arthur is monitoring them. Ariadne shows surprise when Arthur says they'd been under only five minutes when it felt like hours. Cobb explains that the mind functions faster in a dream, so time moves slower. They go under again and Ariadne is given the opportunity to creatively alter the physics of the dream. Her architectural wonders cause the people in the dream - projections of Cobb's subconscious - to search for the intruder - Ariadne - like white blood cells drawn to a virus. When Ariadne makes the mistake of creating a bridge from her memories, Cobb recognizes it and his subconscious reacts as a mob, separating Ariadne from Cobb until Mal appears and stabs her. She wakes up and Cobb rushes to the restroom while Arthur explains that Cobb's subconscious became aware of her as an invasive being and she was unable to wake up right away because there was still time on the clock. The only way for her to wake up was if she died. Cobb takes out his top and spins it, sighing as it topples over. Ariadne leaves the warehouse, angry and refusing to open her mind to Cobb if his subconscious is as tormented as it seems. Cobb returns to the room and assures Arthur that she'll be back but he needs to make a trip to Mombasa to recruit an old friend to the team. He finds Eames ( Tom Hardy ) gambling at a bar and offers him a place on his team as a forger/imitator. Eames agrees before telling Cobb he's being tailed, pointing to two men at the bar. Cobb recognizes them as Cobol thugs who must be aiming to collect the bounty on his head for the botched Saito job. Eames creates a distraction while Cobb escapes, leading the thugs on a chaotic chase through the city streets. At the last moment, Saito pulls up in a limousine and picks up first Cobb, then Eames. He explains that he's been tracing Cobb to protect his investment. Eames takes them to a local chemist he knows who experiments with Somnacin and who might be an asset to their team. Yusuf ( Dileep Rao ) listens as Cobb explains that his job may require the use of a three-layered dream. Yusuf says that this would be otherwise impossible, due to the instability of dreams the further down you go, if not for a special solution he's concocted with a powerful sedative. To show its effectiveness, Yusuf takes them downstairs where they see dozens of men sleeping under the watch of an old man ( Earl Cameron ). He tells Cobb that these men come here to 'wake up'; dreaming has become their reality. With the aid of the sedative, their sleep is deep and stable and they are able to dream for what feels to them like years. Cobb tries the sedative himself and is impressed with its affects, though shaken after waking from a vivid dream with Mal. He convinces Yusuf to join his team. Meanwhile, Ariadne returns to the workshop where she tells Arthur that she meant to stay away but couldn't resist the pure creation involved in architectural dreaming. Arthur takes her into a dream and introduces the notion of creating paradoxes, such as the Penrose steps. He also reveals that Mal was Cobb's wife and has since passed away. Despite Mal's malevolent nature within the dreams - her existence now only as a projection of Cobb's - Arthur tells Ariadne she was lovely in real life. The team bands together and decides that they will create a three-level dream with the third level containing the planted idea. The target in mind is Robert Fischer ( Cillian Murphy ), the CEO and heir of Fischer Morrow, whose father, Maurice ( Pete Postlethwaite ), is slowly decaying with illness. Eames targets Robert's godfather and business partner, Peter Browning ( Tom Berenger ), to get a better grasp on the father-son dynamic and to use his imitation skills at their best. The team decides that, in order to get Robert to split up his father's company and because of their complicated relationship, a positive idea will trump a negative one; 'my father wants me to be my own man.' Saito oversees most of the plans and, because he wants full verification of any success or failure, decides that he will accompany the team into the dreams as a 'tourist'. As the team prepares over the next few weeks, Arthur shows Ariadne the significance of 'totems'; small, personal objects that enable a person to differentiate between dreams and reality. Cobb's totem is his top, which topples over in the real world and keeps spinning in a dream. Arthur's is a loaded die and he instructs Ariadne to create one for herself that only she can touch to ensure its validity. She creates a semi-hollowed bishop chess piece as her totem. Wanting as much time as possible to complete the job, the team decides, with Saito's help, that they will perform the job on a Boeing 747 during an international flight from Europe to Los Angeles, a 10 hour flight. This will give them a week in the first stage of the dreams. Saito reveals that he's bought the entire airline, making the job neater and without having to buy out certain sections of the plane for access. One evening, after a day of formulating plans, Ariadne finds Cobb dreaming alone in the workshop. Curious, she hooks herself up to his machine and finds herself descending in an elevator. She sees Cobb sitting in a living room with Mal who quickly detects Ariadne's presence. Cobb gets up and joins Ariadne in the elevator, leading her through some of the levels that Ariadne discovers are each specific memories; something he originally told her never to do. Horrified after seeing Cobb's torment over leaving home without saying farewell to his children, Ariadne takes the elevator alone to the last level where she sees a hotel room, the contents of which are strewn on the floor. She steps on some broken glass and Mal looks up from the couch, asking what she's doing here. Ariadne tries to explain that she just wants to understand but Mal becomes defensive and picks up a shard of glass. Cobb arrives and takes Ariadne back to the elevator as Mal rushes forward, shouting at Cobb that he didn't keep his promise. Ariadne and Cobb exit the dream and Cobb explains that the reason he can't go home is because of Mal's death, because it was thought that he killed her. He thanks Ariadne when she doesn't ask him if he did or not but she does warn him that he's mistaken if he thinks he can cage Mal like that. He needs to release his guilt over her death. Ariadne convinces Cobb to allow her to go with the team into the dreams because he needs someone who understands what he's going through. At that moment, Saito and Arthur arrive and announce that Maurice Fischer has died and Robert will be accompanying the body to the States in a few days. The team boards the flight and sits with Robert in a sectioned-off first class cabin. Cobb returns Robert's passport, pick-pocketed by Arthur, as a conversation starter and then drugs his water before proposing a toast in his father's honor. Within moments, Robert is asleep and the paid-off flight attendant ( Miranda Nolan ) assists setting up and activating the PASIV device. All together, the team descends into, first, Yusuf's dream. It is raining heavily in New York City as members of the team are picked up. Arthur and Saito commandeer a taxi, pick up Robert and Eames and then Yusuf as Saito holds a gun to Robert as part of the kidnap ruse. Cobb and Ariadne follow in a separate car until a train suddenly barges down the middle of the street, hitting their car and temporarily stalling them. Gunfire then opens on the taxi and the team is forced to take immediate evasive maneuvers, hiding out in a warehouse where its discovered that Saito has been shot in the chest. Robert is taken into another room while Saito is laid on a table. Before Eames can shoot him to end his misery and wake him up, Cobb stops him and explains that, due to the sedatives they've taken, they won't wake up if they die. Instead, they'll be sent to limbo; a shared dream-state of raw subconscious where time is practically non-existent. The team is angered by this, wondering why they've taken such a risk, as they contemplate what to do about the armed forces closing in on their location. They find out that Robert's subconscious has been trained to fight against extraction and the projections attacking them are part of that defense. With Saito's condition deteriorating and unable to wait much longer due to the approaching defense projections, the team decides they need to complete the job as quickly as possible. Ariadne confronts Cobb about the control he has over his own subconscious and he confesses that he can't keep Mal out of his head. He tells her that they had been experimenting with dream states and wanted to see how far down they could go into their subconscious. They wound up in limbo together, unable to leave because of the time remaining on their PASIV clock. They recreated their lives, spending years worth of building. After so long, they began to perceive limbo as their reality. After something like 50 years, Cobb and Mal killed themselves on train tracks to bring them back to reality. Despite returning to the real world, Mal continued to believe that she was still dreaming and believed that dying was the only way to 'wake up', but she refused to leave without Cobb; she loved him too much. On their wedding anniversary, Cobb went to the hotel room they always stayed in to find it trashed and the window open. Outside, on an opposite ledge, sat Mal who revealed to Cobb that she filed a letter to their attorney expressing a fear for her life, effectively framing him in the event of her death and forcing him no other way than to join her. Cobb refuses to jump and attempts to bring Mal to her senses, but she ignores him and jumps to her death. Since she declared herself legally sane by three psychiatrists, Cobb's case for his innocence is overruled by the outstanding evidence against him. With no other choice, Cobb leaves his children behind with their grandmother and flees the country. Ariadne tries to convince Cobb that Mal's death was not his fault and that he needs to focus on the mission. Eames prepares himself as an impersonation of Browning while Cobb and Arthur interrogate Robert, demanding to know the combination to his father's safe. They pressure Robert by using 'Browning' as leverage. Eames shouts from another room as if being beaten before he is brought into the room with Robert to try and get him to remember. He tells Robert that the safe contains an alternate version of his father's will, one that will dissolve the company if Robert chooses so. 'Browning' tells Robert that his father loved him and wanted him to build something of his own. As Robert's defenses close in on the warehouse, Robert reveals that one word he could decipher out of his father's last words was 'disappointed', convincing him that his father didn't love him. With the warehouse in danger of being infiltrated, the team pressure Robert once again for a combination. He tells them a series of random numbers that come to mind before they load him into a van and drug him to sleep. They all get in and prepare to enter the second level of the dream while Yusuf drives the van away from the pursuing projections. In Arthur's dream, Cobb resolves to use 'Mr. Charles', a method in which he introduces the subject to the fact that he's dreaming in order to garner trust. He meets Robert at a bar and tells him that he is there to protect him and someone is trying to access his mind. He convinces Robert that he's dreaming by introducing the strangeness of their surroundings and calms Robert to control them. He helps Robert remember that he's been kidnapped and leads him to a hotel room (the first few numbers of which match the first digits Robert thought of for the combination) where the rest of the team regroups. Saito is in better health in this level of the dream, but soon begins coughing. When Robert's projection on Browning arrives, Cobb convinces Robert that it was Browning who kidnapped him by asking if he saw Browning being tortured by the kidnappers in his previous sleep level. Browning confesses that he was responsible for the kidnapping, as the second testament left to Robert allowed him to destroy his father's empire, which Browning could not let him do it. Cobb suggests to Robert that they enter Browning's dreams to figure out what was really in the safe so that Robert can decide for himself. Robert agrees, now unknowingly assisting in his own inception and the team is hooked up again, this time with Arthur remaining behind to watch over them and administer a synchronized kick when its time. As the team goes into the third dream, in actuality Robert's, Arthur is forced to fight off more of Robert's defensive projections while in the first dream Yusuf continues to drive the van. The third dream is set in snow covered mountains where Robert's safe is heavily guarded in a mountainside fort. The team splits up to draw the guards away. Cobb goes with Ariadne, Eames travels alone to ward off the guards, and Robert and Saito begin ascending a mountainside to access a blind side of the fort. Meanwhile, Yusuf momentarily loses control of the van and it tumbles down an incline, the tumbling effect translates into Arthur's dream as he fights off Robert's projections, the environment around him spinning as gravity reverses and then rights itself. As Yusuf continues driving, he becomes cornered on an elevated bridge with one car full of projections stuck with him. Yusuf plays music through Arthur's headphones to warn him of the incoming kick before driving backwards off the bridge. Upon impact, the force sends Arthur in his dream flying and, as the van plummets in mid air, there is a loss of gravity in Arthur's dream. The impact also translates into the third level of the dream. Saito and Robert look up the mountainside and are forced to cut their lines as an avalanche sweeps down upon them. Cobb realizes they've missed the first kick, but they still have time for the second one when the van hits the water off the bridge. Van drives off the bridge: 10 seconds left to impact. Dream 2: 3 minutes to synchronize the kick. Arthur struggles with a way to do this without gravity. Dream 3: 60 minutes left. With little time left, Cobb demands to know if there is another way into the fort and Ariadne relents into telling him of a secret underground entrance that Robert and Saito can access. Cobb send them there, all while Saito's condition deteriorates. They finally enter the main room where the safe is located while Cobb and Ariadne watch from a snipers angle. Succumbing to his injuries, Saito is left to lay down, coughing blood as Robert continues forward. However, as Robert comes into Cobb's view, so does another person. Mal drops in from the ceiling and shoots Robert down before Cobb comes to his senses and shoots her. Eames is ordered to the room as Cobb and Ariadne rush to the site. Finding Robert dead, Cobb labels the mission a failure, since the only other place where Robert has gone is limbo. Ariadne, however, convinces him that, if they go into limbo, they'll have enough time to find Robert and bring him back. Eames agrees to use a defibrillator to jump start Roberts heart to help while Cobb and Ariadne go under. Meanwhile, in dream level 2, Arthur devises a unique plan. He uses phone wires to tie the team together and brings them into the elevator. He lines the outside of the car with explosives, timing down till the kick with the intention of using explosive force to create gravity and instigating a kick. In limbo, Cobb and Ariadne tour the deteriorating world that he and Mal once built. They see old homes and buildings before they find the one where Cobb knows Mal must be. If they find Mal, they'll find Robert because Mal will want to use something Cobb wants to bring him to her. Sure enough, they enter the apartment and Mal is waiting for them. She tries, again, to convince Cobb that his place is with her in their real home with their children but Cobb reveals a terrible truth, the reason why Mal believed that her dreams were real. While they were in limbo, Mal had stored away a truth that she didn't want to believe anymore; her totem, placed within her safe, lying on its side, immobile; telling her that her dream, her limbo, was reality. In an effort to save her mind, Cobb broke into her safe and spun the top to convince her that this world was not real. However, he did not know that, once they really woke up, she would continue to believe that. This was how he knew inception would work; because he performed it on Mal first and his guilt over her subsequent death has been plaguing him ever since. He tells Mal that he will stay with her in limbo if she tells him where Robert is and she reveals he's on the porch. Ariadne finds him there and pushes him off as an improvised kick. Robert comes back to life in dream level 3 with Eames' aid and opens his own safe, finding within an image of his bed-stricken father muttering his last word. Robert acknowledges that his father was disappointed that he couldn't be him, but Maurice says, "No...no. I was disappointed that you tried." Maurice then points to a cabinet where Robert finds the will...and a paper fan his father made for him once as a child. Tearfully, Robert looks up to see his father has passed and breaks down as the van hits the water. Dream 2, Arthur hits the detonator and the explosives force the elevator down, creating artificial gravity on the team. Dream 3, a series of explosions set by Eames rock the fort, collapsing the main floor. In limbo, the synchronization of kicks pulls on Ariadne and she calls for Cobb to join her. Cobb says that he will stay in limbo, but not with Mal. By this time, Saito has died and joined limbo as well. Cobb must find him but promises to return. Ariadne leaps off the side of the building and rides the kicks back to dream 1. In the van, Robert wakes up and escapes the submerged van with 'Browning'. Arthur and Ariadne share an oxygen tank with Yusuf before they escape the van, leaving Cobb. Robert and 'Browning' make it to shore where Robert reveals that his father really did want him to be his own man and that he's going to do just that and liquidate his father's company. Knowing the mission is a success, Eames drops the Browning mask. In limbo, Cobb washes ashore where the armed guard finds him. He is brought to the seaside palace where the elderly Japanese man recognizes his brass top. Cobb recalls what he was there to do and calls to Saito, asking him to come back with him and honor their arrangement. The elderly Saito reaches for Cobb's gun. Cobb wakes up on the airplane and looks around, startled, to see Arthur and Ariadne smiling at him. He looks at the now awake Saito who remembers, picking up his phone and dials. The plane lands in Los Angeles and Cobb nervously moves through customs where security checks his passport, but allows him passage through, welcoming him home. Cobb walks past the rest of the team and Robert, who pauses a moment as if recalling a half-remembered dream. Ahead of him, Cobb sees Miles calling him over. They drive home together where Cobb hesitates before taking out his brass top. He spins it on the table in the kitchen as his children appear at the back door. He runs to them, elated to see their faces again as the top continues to spin, wobbles a bit...and the screen turns to black. The very last moment of the film is a little more complex than indicated by the current synopsis (see above): "...the top continues to spin, wobbles a bit.." which indicates that Cobb has returned to reality. The actual script, by Christopher Nolan, differs from this. The script ends with Behind him, on the table, the spinning top is STILL SPINNING. And we- FADE OUT. CREDITS. END. My feeling is that the author wished us to see Cobb as failing, which is in line with the rest of the film-everyone dying or hurting; nothing positive, really, except for Cobb's hopes. However, I also think that the director or producer wanted to leave the ending ambiguous, so that optimists would see a positive ending, and cynics would see something more pessimistic. ----------- The description of the movie's end above doesn't fully explain the final scene. Then it appears someone edited it by adding their subjective *interpretation* of the ending. So to clarify, here's what (objectively, without interpretation) happens: Cobb enters his home and spins the top on the kitchen table as his children appear at the back door. He immediately goes to them, elated to see them, they all hug, the kids start telling him stories of what he missed while he was gone, he replies the way good parents do - showing he's enthusiastic, fully focused on them, etc and they all start to walk away (from the top). We continue to hear their chatter in the background as the video and audio focus in on the spinning top. It continues to spin. It wobbles just a little - just enough to leave the viewer wondering whether it's going to keep spinning or not. End movie. [My subjective interpretation: it's left to the viewer to decide whether it keeps spinning or it falls. But the real point is that Cobb no longer cares.] 
 The Incredible Hulk (2008)541) Bruce Banner, a scientist on the run from the U.S. Government, must find a cure for the monster he turns into whenever he loses his temper. Depicting the events after the Gamma Bomb. 'The Incredible Hulk' tells the story of Dr Bruce Banner, who seeks a cure to his unique condition, which causes him to turn into a giant green monster under emotional stress. Whilst on the run from military which seeks his capture, Banner comes close to a cure. But all is lost when a new creature emerges: The Abomination. Graham Kroon After surviving a deadly gamma radiation accident, scientist Bruce Banner travels the world in search for a cure to his inner force of rage that turns him into a massive green monster known as the Hulk. Though he is close, Banner must watch out because the malevolent General Ross and his team are searching for him and want to use his condition for military weaponry. Running out of time and options, Banner turns to his old flame Betty Ross for help. Meanwhile, a new threat rises as a power hungry soldier turns into a deadlier and more terrifying beast that can match even the Hulk's powers. Blazer346 A cure is in reach for the world's most primal force of fury: THE INCREDIBLE HULK. We find scientist Bruce Banner, living in shadows, scouring the planet for an antidote. But the warmongers who dream of abusing his powers won't leave him alone, nor will his need to be with the only woman he has ever loved, Betty Ross. Upon returning to civilization, our brilliant doctor is ruthlessly pursued by The Abomination -- a nightmarish beast of pure adrenaline and aggression whose powers match The Hulk's own. A fight of comic-book proportions ensues as Banner must call upon the hero within to rescue New York City from total destruction. One scientist must make an agonizing final choice -- accept a peaceful life as Bruce Banner or the creature he could permanently become: THE INCREDIBLE HULK. Babak A. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Over the opening credits, we see how the Hulk was born. Bruce Banner (Edward Norton) and Betty Ross (Liv Tyler) were scientists working on a project involving making the body resistant to certain types of radiation, specifically gamma rays (the most harmful kind, lead sheets required). However, something went wrong, and through Banners or the Hulks, rather eyes we see him destroying the lab, killing some other scientists, injuring the project overseer, General Thaddeus Thunderbolt Ross (William Hurt), and rendering Betty Rosss daughter, of course unconscious. A little later, we see Bruce at the bedside of Betty, who is wavering in and out of consciousness, when suddenly Ross is there with his arm in a sling, screaming at Bruce. Bruce flees, and the hunt begins as Ross tracks down every possible lead he can find on the location of Banner and what lies within him 158 DAYS WITHOUT INCIDENT In a town in Brazil, Bruce wakes up from a nightmare of everything thats happened to him. He groans and goes about his morning routine, which includes feeding his dog Rick and learning Portuguese by watching Sesame Street and comparing what he hears to a Portuguese-English dictionary. He also spends time learning relaxation techniques in an effort to control his heart-rate and keep himself from becoming too excited. He goes to his job as a day laborer at a local factory, handing out dry goods and cleaning up messes while avoiding the old tough guys at a bottling factory. He also occasionally helps out with the electrical aspects when something breaks, which it does today. As hes fixing it and joking around with the manager, he cuts himself on a metal clip and the blood falls through all the grated floors onto the belt, and Bruce freaks out, yelling for the belt to stop. Confused, the workers stop the belt and Bruce inspects the area where the blood fell, cleaning it up and giving it the okay. As the belt starts and people start talking about the crazy gringo, no one notices the drop of blood that fell into a bottle currently destined for the United States of America. Unaware of the contaminated bottle, Bruce starts to leave, but notices the same toughs who usually give him a hard time coming on to an attractive co-worker, Martina. Bruce stops the action by asking Martina if shed like to have lunch with him tomorrow, but the leader of the gang starts coming up to Bruce, who cautions him in Portuguese by saying, Dont make me hungry. you wouldnt like me when Im hungry. Confused, Bruce goes over this just as the manager pops up, enabling him to escape a beating and head for home, stopping along the way to pick up a package from someone. Once there, Bruce boots up his homemade computer and makes contact with someone named Mr. Blue in America. Together, the two of them are working on a cure to Bruces little problem, and after dicing up the package a flower and applying its juice to his blood, Bruce regretfully types, No change, to which Blue types that he should come to New York and get more date contamination levels, exposure rates, types and amounts of radiation, the works. He glances at a photo of Betty he keeps before regretfully saying that he cant do that either and powering down for the night. Meanwhile, at the Pentagon, Ross is receiving a report from his chief assistant, Major Kathleen Sparr (Christina Cabot) that an old man in Ohio died after received gamma poisoning from his fruit drink that came from Brazil (note the man is Stan Lee, Marvel creator). Ross quickly orders a team down there the next day, put together with no small amount of efficiency by his old army friend General Joseph Greller (Peter Mensah). The team is headed up by the Russian-born but America-trained Emil Blonsky (Tim Roth). Ross informs them all that their target is a scientist who has stolen military secrets and that he will definitely be a fighter if cornered. As they fly down to Brazil, Bruce gets a message from Blue saying that he may have success, but needs Bruce's blood to be sure, which Bruce reluctantly -- and carefully -- sends off to him. That night, Bruce is sleeping soundly when Rick starts barking. Meanwhile, the commandos have taken up position outside and are scanning the room with a camera, which Rick promptly eats (or tries to). Disgusted, the commandos blow off the door and after tranqing the dog, fire a dozen tranquilizers at a sleeping Banner. They whip the covers off and see that it's just pillows. They hit the street after finding a rope, getting a little ahead of Bruce, who is hiding in the apartment of Martina just below him. After giving them a few minutes, Bruce hits the ground but is immediately spotted by Blonsky. He breaks for it, going across rooftops and up the sides of buildings, at one point narrowly missing running right into a too-shocked-to-move Ross's arms. As he's running, he manages to crash into some people that turn out to be the gang from the factory. They join in on the chase, and Bruce ducks into the factory to lose them all, but unfortunately the gang sees the chain swinging and the troops see the gang. The gang catches up with Bruce and start pummeling him, ripping off his backpack and tossing it aside as he begs them to stop before his heart-rate gets too high, getting out in Portuguese, "Me....angry....very bad..." The leader laughs and moves in for the kill while the troops near the fight, but suddenly Bruce's eyes flash green just as a dart hits one of the toughs. They blame Bruce and start in again, but suddenly the leader is thrown a hundred feet through walls and the other men are screaming. The troops can't make out what's happening, but Ross hears the audio feed and begins yelling at them to shoot, go live, do SOMETHING! They switch to live rounds as the last of the gangers is finished and the creature turns to leave, smashing his way out with a big vat of something. The troops open fire, but the bullets just bounce off of him like plastic. The creature roars and starts in on them as Blonsky tries to get in a higher position for a better view and shot. He finds it just as the last soldier is finished. He takes his shot, and the creature notices him. A shadow passes, and suddenly Blonsky is face-to-face with the Hulk. Hulk picks up another vat and slams it down, and Blonsky goes flying as Hulk heads for the jungle, pausing only to give a victory roar. Hours later, Ross and Sparr are going through Banner's apartment and computer when Blonsky comes in, demanding an explanation for what he saw out there. Ross just says that he did a good job, and he should tell his men to pack up, since they're leaving town 1 DAY WITHOUT INCIDENT Bruce wakes up beside a waterfall, not quite sure where he is, his pants hanging off of him and torn. He hears a truck and heads for the road, where the driver tells him he's in Guatemala. The driver takes Bruce into town, where Bruce proceeds to work his way north and pick up some new clothing while in Mexico. Meanwhile, Blonsky has finally succeeded in wearing down Ross enough to tell him what went on. Ross explains that back in World War II, there were a lot of special programs being worked on to give America the edge, almost all of them under an Infantry Weapons Development program. One of them was a program for bio-tech force enhancment, more commonly known as "Super Soldier". About five years ago, Ross dusted off that program and began trying to put it together again. He recruited Banner and his team to work on it, but then something went very wrong....or very right, depending on how you look at it. In either case, the end result, according to Ross, is that Bruce Banner's whole body is now, in his opinion, the exclusive property of the U.S. Government. The two men sit there and after an exchange about how they're both fighters, Blonsky says that if he could put what he knows now in his body twenty years ago, that would be someone he wouldn't want to fight. Ross smiles grimly and says, "I could probably arrange something like that." Blonsky merely stares up at him, intrigued. 17 DAYS WITHOUT INCIDENT At Culver University in Virginia, we see Bruce heading for the old science department where Hulk was born. However, the appearance of security guards checking IDs puts the kibosh on those plans. Deterred, he heads outside and sees the building housing all science teachers, and who should come out but Betty, chatting amiably with a friend of hers. He stares at her stupidly as she eats outside, and she looks up towards him and smiles. He ducks behind a tree (yeah, that'll work), but she was actually smiling at her newly arrived boyfriend, Leonard Samson (Ty Burrel), psychologist extraordinaire. Now deterred and defeated, he heads to an old on-campus pizza parlor where the owner, Stanley (Paul Soles), is an old friend of his. Bruce asks about Samson (insert envy joke here), and then asks for two more things -- a place to stay for a few days, and a job. The very next day we see him delivering pizzas in his old uniform, and one of the stops happens to be the science lab. He talks to the guard (Lou Ferrigno, Hulk from the TV series) and is able to get upstairs, where after bribing the head computer genius with a pizza he gets on one of the computers to look for the data on his experiment, but it's all gone. Bruce contacts Blue and tells him the bad news, and then gets out of there. That night, Bruce is getting ready to leave and Stanley is getting ready to close up when two final customers come in.....Betty and Samson. They begin chatting with Stanley as an unaware Bruce comes down the stairs. Just as Stan consents to make them a pizza Bruce opens the kitchen door and sees Betty, who sees him. Her mouth opens in shock, but when she looks again Bruce has taken off. She runs outside but doesn't see him hiding behind the dumpster, and once back inside she bullies Stanley into spilling the truth. A while later, we see Bruce walking in the rain on a highway when Betty pulls up behind him. He sees her and she runs to him, begging him not to go. Soon they are pulling into the house she shares with Samson, and she reveals a present she kept for him -- all the data from their experiment on a nice little portable drive. He tells her that he can't stay, but accepts her offer of money and a ride to the bus station the next morning. Meanwhile, Ross is pulling a serum out of cold storage and prepping Blonsky for injection, which he warns will hurt. For his part, Blonsky just grits his teeth and tells them to get on with it. The next day, Bruce and Betty are walking through the college campus to the bus station when Betty pauses to fix Bruce's shirt, making him more fashionable. As she does, he sees a soldier move behind a column of one building and tells her to get as far away from him as she can. He bolts and as the soldiers move in, she looks around for the command vehicle and convinces Ross to come out, begging for him to stop. He ignores her request and orders the rest of the team in. Bruce ducks into a library and removes his pack. He fishes out the drive and forces it down his throat before moving on. However, the pause has caused the soldiers to catch up to him, and they trap him in an overpass as Blonsky moves in. They fire two canisters of knockout gas into the bridge, but Banner transforms and leaps out. He begins fighting the soldiers, leaping all around them and crushing their vehicles, but Blonsky moves in and leaps around Hulk like a mosquito, peppering him with rounds from a grenade launcher. He gets Hulk to follow him into the path of two sonic blasters which pepper Hulk with soundwaves, but unfortunately, Hulk sees Betty crying out and manages to take them apart using two parts of a nearby sculpture. Blonsky gets pissed and approaches Hulk, and proceeds to get slammed into a tree breaking every bone in his body. Ross orders in a helicopter just as Betty runs towards Hulk. Hulk throws part of the statue at the chipper, which crashes and makes a huge inferno that envelops Hulk, who envelops Betty and keeps her safe from it, though she does go unconscious again. Hulk looks at Betty and sees Ross standing there with Sparr. He snarls at Ross, turns, and heads off. Later, we see Ross's boys taking everything Betty owned out of her house as Ross tells Samson that he did the right thing by calling Ross. In turn, Samson calls Ross the bigger threat, since Hulk protected Betty whereas Ross endangered her. Ross says that her safety is his utmost concern, but Samson says that his best feature is that he always knows when someone is lying, and that he also knows now why Betty never talked about him. That night, in the North Carolina stretch of Great Smoky Mountains National Park, Betty wakes up in a cave to the sound of a thunderstorm. She sees Hulk staring down at her curiously and screams. He jumps and hits his head on the ceiling of the cave, but she calms him down. Suddenly, lightning strikes and Hulk screams at it, throwing a rock into the sky at this new challenger. Betty again calms him down, reassuring him as a mother would her frightened child, and eventually he goes to sleep. The next morning, she and Bruce wake up and drive into town, where Betty gets them a motel room and Bruce takes a shower and coughs up the data chip. Betty gets him some new clothes and together they get a used car with cash obtained from the pawning of her mother's old necklace. As she's paying, though, Bruce uses a public computer to send the data to Mr. Blue, aka Samuel Sterns, at his Empire State University email address. Even worse, Ross's team, with the help of the Strategic Homeland Infiltration, Enforcement, and Logistics Division (SHIELD), is able to capture this email and figure out where they're heading.....Empire State University. Meanwhile, Ross is checking on Blonsky, who had previously had more broken bits than the Titanic, and is shocked when Sparr shows him a fully-healed Blonsky, who is "pissed off and ready for round three." Back with Betty and Bruce, we see them heading for New York when Betty asks what it's like when he changes. The best Bruce can answer is that everything is a lot more amplified. Betty points out that there's still something of him in there, using the recognition of her as evidence, so maybe if Bruce could control it -- but Bruce interrupts her, saying that he wants to get rid of it. The next day, the pair are in line at the Verrazano-Narrows bridge when Bruce notices a police checkpoint. They get out, sneak around back of the truck, and head down to the docks, where after one boat ride they find themselves in the city and get a cab to ESU, which turns out to be the most frightening ride ever and has Betty screaming obscenities at the lascividious cabbie. As he pulls away, our pair have this exchange: Bruce: "You know, I could show you some techniques to manage that rage a little better..." Betty: "Don't start!" Eventually, the pair get to ESU (with no cabbie murders) and meet the small, quiet, and unassuming young man known as Samuel Sterns (Tim Blake Nelson). Being thrilled to meet both of them, he brings them up to his lab and they immediately start talking, where he warns that if they miscalculate too high, the dose could kill Bruce. In turn, Bruce warns that if the dose is too low, it could be dangerous to Sterns, though Sterns just laughs this off, clearly not believing him (though who could, really?). Regardless, they set about recreating the experiment with little trouble (student-used computers at fault). They manage to draw Hulk out and inject the antidote as Betty struggles to keep Hulk from lashing out. The antidote takes effect, and Hulk reverts back to a hyperventilating Bruce. Meanwhile, on a military base, we see soldiers prepping for moving out while in a locker room, Blonsky examines himself in a mirror. Unnoticed, his spines elongates and extends out from his body the slightest bit. He boards the chopper and Ross asks him how he feels, and he declares, "Like a monster." In the lab, Sterns is proposing his latest theory that what they injected Bruce with was just for the suppression of that one episode. He starts to talk about his subjects, which causes Betty and Bruce to stare at him in horror and ask, "What subjects?" He smiles gleefully and shows them a room with tons of distorted fetuses and dozens of synthesized bags of Bruce's blood, all of which Sterns was able to make from that one sample Bruce sent. Bruce and Betty tell him that they need to destroy all of it, but Sterns can only see a future Nobel Prize. Bruce starts to become agitated, but a sniper suddenly tags him from outside just as Blonsky rushes in and knocks him out, shoving Betty aside roughly. A team takes Bruce out as Sparr stays behind to supervise cleanup, but as they do and as Betty storms onto a waiting chopper and away from the man she no longer wants to call her father, Ross whispers to Bruce just before he gets loaded on, "If you took it from me I'll put you in a hole for the rest of your natural life." Back on the ground, Sparr is interrogating Sterns when she gets knocked out from behind by Blonsky. Sterns is terrified, but then Blonsky says that he wants Sterns to turn him into what Bruce turns into. Sterns is eager to oblige for reasons that have nothing to do with Blonsky's threats, but he does warn Blonsky that the result, thanks to what Blonsky already has in him, could be an abomination. Blonsky lifts Sterns to the ceiling and says that that counts as informed consent, and the ball starts rolling. As Betty and Bruce share a moment in the chopper, Sterns procedure takes hold, and Blonsky -- now the Abomination -- smashes the whole lab, spilling chemicals on Sterns, whose head bubbles weirdly and begins to grow larger and flatter as he grins. Blonsky leaps outside and starts tearing up the streets and soldiers left there, and one of the soldiers gets a message off to Ross that, "The Hulk is loose!" Ross glances at Banner, who appears just as shocked, and says that's impossible. They manage to get a visual on-screen, and they see the Abomination tearing apart the city. Bruce realizes that only one thing can stop that and Ross agrees. They move over the site and open the back door. Betty begs Bruce not to do it saying that they don't know if he'll change, but he says he has to try. They kiss each other, and then he allows himself to fall backward. He passes the level of buildings, manages to say, "Oh, shi--" SMASH!!! A huge hole appears in the middle of the pavement, down the street from the Abomination. The Hulk slowly pulls himself from the hole, and roars. Blonsky hears and grins, and the two monsters run towards each other. They leap and collide in mid air, with Blonsky carrying the way, dazing Hulk slightly and punching him down the street. Hulk shakes it off and tears a police car in two and launches it at the Abomination. Blonsky takes the hit and then unleashes one of his own, punching Hulk through a building and way downtown. The Abomination roars in delight and chases after him, climbing up and over buildings to catch up as Ross orders the chopper gunner to open fire on Blonsky. Blonsky barely avoids all of the bullets and catches up to Hulk, pummeling him some more before deciding to grab hold of the copter. Hulk sees this and then sees Betty in there, roars, and grabs hold of Blonsky, creating a copter-Abomination-Hulk chain. The pilot says that it's too much weight and he has to put her down while Hulk and Abomination continue their battle on the landing struts. The battling becomes too much, and the chopper finally crashes near a construction site (always the way...). As Betty and Ross pull themselves from the wreckage, Blonsky keeps beating on Hulk. Suddenly, a spark from the main rotor hits a gas puddle below the chopper. Hulk sees this happening, becomes angrier and bigger, and manages to shove the Abomination aside just in time to create a sonic boom that puts out the fire by creating a limited vacuum. Meanwhile, the Abomination has found a huge chain that just happens to have two mace like attachments on the end and is swinging it at Hulk merrily. Hulk manages to get under it, get a hold of the chain, and wrap it around Blonsky's neck. He pulls it tight, and Blonsky goes unconscious. He pulls it tighter, determined to kill the source of his hurt and pain when Betty cries out, "Stop!" Hulk sees her and calms and obeys. The Abomination is still out, so Hulk tosses him to land at the feet of Ross before letting loose with another victory roar. He quiets, and for a moment, all is still. No one moves as the Hulk gazes distrustfully at all the little people with loud guns around him when suddenly a second chopper appears with a searchlight blaring. Hulk roars in frustration and takes to the roofs again, running off. He reaches the coastline, and... A few days later, we see Betty on Liberty Island, looking sad as she stares up at the big green woman. A beep sounds from her pocket and she pulls out a camera she had gotten while on the run with Bruce to see a picture of him not-quite-smiling back at her beneath the words "low battery". The camera suddenly powers down, and Betty sighs, saddened by the loss of the one proof she had of their time together... 31 DAYS WITHOUT INCIDENT In Bella Coola, British Columbia, we see a shack set up deep in the mountains. Inside, we see Bruce addressing an envelope to Betty. When he's finished, he opens the flap and puts her mother's necklace inside, making sure to not be rough with it. That done, he sits down and meditates, thinking about what everyone told him about control. He closes his eyes, breathes deeply, and opens them again... They are glowing green. On a black screen, we hear General Ross saying Reload. We find him sitting in an ordinary bar in an ordinary city uniform undone. The bartender refills his drink as the door opens. Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) enters and sidles up to Ross, offering his condolences on failing to capture Banner and losing control of Blonsky and saying that he did warn Ross against pursuing the Super Soldier program, since it was shut down for a reason. Ross sighs and acknowledges Stark, saying that he always wears the nicest suits, to which Stark smiles and says, Touch. Stark says that he heard that Ross had an interesting problem, and Ross responds by saying, Well, youd know all about that wouldnt you? Not to be outdone, Stark follows up with, Were putting a little team together. Thought you might be interested. Finally letting his curiosity override his caution, Ross says, Whos we? 
 The Shape of Water (2017)761) At a top secret research facility in the 1960s, a lonely janitor forms a unique relationship with an amphibious creature that is being held in captivity. From master storyteller Guillermo del Toro comes THE SHAPE OF WATER, an otherworldly fable set against the backdrop of Cold War era America circa 1962. In the hidden high-security government laboratory where she works, lonely Elisa (Sally Hawkins) is trapped in a life of isolation. Elisa's life is changed forever when she and co-worker Zelda (Octavia Spencer) discover a secret classified experiment. Rounding out the cast are Michael Shannon, Richard Jenkins, Michael Stuhlbarg, and Doug Jones. Fox Searchlight Pictures 1962 Baltimore. Elisa Esposito, found abandoned as a baby with scars on her neck, has been mute all her life, that disability which has largely led to her not having opportunities. Despite being a bright woman, she works a manual labor job as a cleaner at a military research facility where she has long been friends with fellow cleaner, Zelda Fuller, who often translates her sign language to others at the facility. And she has had no romance in her life, her major emotional support, beyond Zelda, being her aging gay artist neighbor, Giles, the two who live in adjoining apartment units above a movie theater. Like Elisa, Giles is lonely, his homosexuality complicating both his personal and professional life, the latter as a commercial graphic artist. Elisa's life changes when Colonel Richard Strickland brings a new "asset" into the facility, Elisa discovering it being a seeming mixed human/amphibious creature found in the waters of the Amazon. Secretly visiting with the creature, Elisa is immediately drawn to him, and despite he having a violent side as part of his inherent being, the two find a way to communicate with each other and end up forming a bond with each other. Elisa has to decide what to do when she discovers that although the reason for bringing the creature to the facility is to test the possibility of him being sent into space, Colonel Strickland, who has always had antagonistic feelings toward the creature, ultimately wants to kill him, this following the systematic torture he has inflicted on him. Elisa may have to balance her feelings on wanting to be with the creature against what may be the greater benefit to him of being set free back into the wilds of the water. Complicating matters are that the Soviets are also aware of the creature, they having a secret agent who has infiltrated the facility. Huggo Still at the peak of the space race and the Cold War in early-sixties Baltimore, Elisa Esposito, a forlorn and lonely mute woman, has a mundane daily routine as a night-time janitor in a top-secret underground research facility. With literally only two friends, Zelda, the solicitous co-worker who does all the talking for both of them, and Giles, her ageing painter neighbour, Elisa will find herself thrilled with the unexpected arrival of an Amazonian Amphibian Man at the cavernous corporation. Kept on a short leash inside a confined water tank, the mysterious scaly creature is, inevitably, the centre of attention; however, as an empathetic and almost mystical bond begins to timidly bloom between species, the very survival of this rare specimen lies in the hands of an improbable and frail saviour. But can there be a future when you are trapped? Nick Riganas Elisa is a mute, isolated woman who works as a cleaning lady in a hidden, high-security government laboratory in 1962 Baltimore. Her life changes forever when she discovers the lab's classified secret -- a mysterious, scaled creature from South America that lives in a water tank. As Elisa develops a unique bond with her new friend, she soon learns that its fate and very survival lies in the hands of a hostile government agent and a marine biologist. Jwelch5742 It is the mid-1960s. Elisa is mute, and a cleaner at a US government experiment facility. Her life is quite mundane and unfulfilled. Then the facility starts on a new project: the US government has captured a man-fish hybrid in South America and now they are seeing if the creature's unique physiology could have some uses for humans, especially for astronauts. Elisa becomes attached to the creature. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens as we go through a home that appears to be underwater. We hear the voice of a man named Giles ( Richard Jenkins ) mention the story of a princess, the one she loved, and the monster that threatened to tear them apart. Baltimore, c. 1962 Elisa Esposito ( Sally Hawkins ) is a mute young woman who lives alone but frequently spends time with Giles, her middle-aged bachelor neighbor, who lives next door to her in another small apartment overhead a local movie theater. She works at the Occam Aerospace Research Center as a janitor with her friend Zelda Fuller ( Octavia Spencer ). During their daily night shift, a vessel is brought into the facility containing a valuable asset. Elisa goes near the vessel, and something bumps against it from inside. In the morning after work, Giles takes Elisa to his favorite pie shop where he frequently gets key lime pie. Elisa doesn't like it, but Giles enjoys the pie, as well as the conversations he has with the shop's "Pie Guy" ( Morgan Kelly ), whom the closeted homosexual Giles has a crush on. We also see Giles working on an ad design for a jello product for the company that he used to work for before being suspended, apparently because of a drinking problem. At work, Elisa and Zelda are cleaning a bathroom when Colonel Richard Strickland ( Michael Shannon ) comes in and splashes some water after washing his hands before he uses the urinal. A while later, the ladies hear a scream coming from another room, and Strickland emerges with two fingers missing from his left hand. Elisa and Zelda must clean the blood in the room where they are keeping the new "asset". Elisa splashes a bucket of water on the floor, and Strickland's fingers come out from under a shelf. Elisa packs them in a bag to send to the hospital with him. Elisa discovers that the Asset ( Doug Jones ) is a fish-like humanoid creature. She becomes fascinated by it and starts sneaking into the enclosure to spend time with it. Over the next few days, Elisa feeds it hard-boiled eggs, teaches it sign language, and plays music records to listen to. She hides when she hears someone enter. It's Strickland, coming to torture the Asset by zapping it with a cattle prod, merely to taunt it out of spite for his fingers. Strickland's home life is soon revealed that he is married with two young children whom he does not seem to show any attention too. When his wife wants to have sex with him while their kids are at school, he has rough sex with her and doesn't slow down or stop when he becomes too rough on her. A new doctor at the facility, Robert Hoffstetler ( Michael Stuhlbarg ), is actually a Soviet spy named Dimitri. He meets with his bosses, who take him to a Russian-themed restaurant to discuss the Asset. Hoffstetler tells the men that he believes the creature can communicate and is intelligent. The bosses later give Hoffstetler a poison to kill the creature to prevent the Americans from advancing their scientific research. Meanwhile, Strickland's own arrogant boss, General Hoyt ( Nick Searcy ), wants to harvest the Asset's body for space travel technology. Elisa becomes fearful for the Asset's safety and lets Giles know that she wants to help it. Giles doesn't think it's a good idea, but Elisa sees no difference between the creature and herself as they are both individuals that are unlike regular people, and she is worried that if she does nothing, it will die. Giles pays another visit to the pie shop. He starts a friendly conversation with Pie Guy until Giles reaches out to touch his hand, and the man reacts angrily. It gets worse when an African-American couple enters and the racist and homophobic Pie Guy tells them they can't sit at the counter. Giles is also told to leave and not return. Meanwhile, Elisa becomes the unwanted attention by Strickland when he deliberately spills a glass of water in his office and forces her to clean it up. He then man-handles her, claiming that he is turned on by the fact that she is mute and tells her that if she spends more time with him, he can make her "squack". Elisa leaves. Hurt and angry over being rejected and having to live his life in the closet out of fear in this homophobic society, Giles decides to help Elisa break out the Asset and uses his skills to decorate a van and make a fake ID for himself. Elisa initiates their plan by turning cameras away from the enclosure. She sneaks the Asset into a laundry hamper and wheels it away while Giles drives into the facility. Zelda is leaving work, but realizes what Eliza is up to. At the same time, Hoffstetler is also preparing to take action, apparently to carry out his orders, but he discovers Elisa's plan and decides to help her. He shuts down power with a bomb device and uses a syringe on a guard. Strickland rushes to the exit, but is too late. Helped by Zelda and Hoffstetler, Elisa gets the creature inside the van, and Giles drives them away, wrecking Strickland's new car in the process. Elisa brings the Asset to her apartment and keeps it in her bath tub with chemicals that Hoffstetler gave her, plus some salt to keep it healthy. When she goes to work the following night, Strickland interrogates her and Zelda but doesn't believe they could have been responsible. As she leaves, Elisa signs "fuck you" to Strickland, which Zelda translates as "thank you". While Giles is tending to the Asset, he falls asleep. The Asset gets out of the tub and sees one of Giles's cats. The cat hisses at the Asset, and it growls back before it starts to eat the cat. Giles sees this and frightens the Asset. It runs out, scratching Giles's arm. When Elisa returns, Giles tells her what happened. She runs out to look for it, only to find it in the movie theater beneath the apartments. She brings it back upstairs and tends to it. The Asset touches Giles's head and arm, and it starts to glow a blue color. In the morning, Giles discovers hair on his head where there previously was none. The cut on his arm is also completely healed. Elisa and the Asset grow closer, and they make love in the bathroom. Elisa even floods the bathroom so that they can swim together, but it causes a leak into the theater, and Giles is forced by the theater owner to open the door and let the water out. She eventually plans to free the Asset into a canal with rainwater flooding it. Elisa grows more attached to the Asset, even imagining a scenario where she is in an old-timey musical number singing about her love for him. Meanwhile, General Hoyt visits the facility to chastise Strickland for losing the Asset and gives him 36 hours to find it. Hoffstetler's own bosses realize he didn't kill the Asset, but they spare Hoffstetler for the time being, telling him he will be extracted in two days time back to Russia. On the day that Elisa plans to release the Asset, Zelda comes over and sees that its scales are peeling off, and they are out of the chemicals from the facility. They plan to take the Asset away that night. Strickland follows Hoffstetler to his rendezvous point where he always meets his bosses. They shoot Hoffstetler repeatedly, but before they can finish him off, Strickland shows up and kills them first. He grabs Hoffstetler by the bullet hole in his cheek and tortures him to give up the Asset's location, thinking he is hiding it for other Soviet spies. With his dying breath, Hoffstetler laughs at Strickland and says, "No names. No rankings. They just clean." Strickland then goes to Zelda's home to interrogate her and her husband Brewster ( Martin Roach ). Growing more mad and delusional, he tears off the two fingers on his hand that hadn't healed after being reattached. Zelda is silent, but Brewster tells him that Elisa has the Asset. After Strickland leaves, Zelda scolds Brewster and then calls Elisa to warn her. She and Giles take the Asset away before Strickland shows up. He breaks into Elisa's apartment and sees the note on her calendar that lets him know she's taking the Asset to the canal. Elisa and Giles bring the Asset to the canal. They say their goodbyes to the creature, but it signs to Elisa, "Me and you together forever." She responds that he must go without her. Strickland shows up and punches Giles in the face before shooting both the Asset and Elisa. Thinking he just won, Strickland turns to leave but gets whacked in the face by Giles. The Asset revives itself and heals its own bullet wounds. Strickland is impressed and calls the Asset a god before it slashes Strickland's throat with its claws. Just as the police arrive, the Asset takes Elisa into the water as Giles and Zelda (who just arrived) watch. Underwater, the Asset kisses Elisa, using its healing powers to revive her and give her gills where there were once scars on her neck. The two hold each other as Giles's voice closes the film saying that the two of them could now be together. 
 War for the Planet of the Apes (2017)651) After the apes suffer unimaginable losses, Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind. Caesar and his apes are forced into a deadly conflict with an army of humans led by a ruthless Colonel. After the apes suffer unimaginable losses, Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind. As the journey finally brings them face to face, Caesar and the Colonel are pitted against each other in an epic battle that will determine the fate of both their species and the future of the planet. ahmetkozan After being constantly attacked by the humans, despite asking for peace, Caesar and the Apes decide to find a new home safe from the humans. But after the tragic deaths of the most recent attack form the humans, Caeser embarks on a mission to kill the ruthless human Colonel. Ronald Pickleson Caesar decides to move to a place across the desert with the other apes to end the war with humans and live in peace. However they are attacked in a cave hidden by a waterfall and Caesar loses his wife Cornelia and his son Blue Eyes and only Cornelius survives. Caesar decides to revenge on their death and separates from the other apes to hunt down The Colonel, who was the responsible for killing his family. However Maurice, Luca en Rocket follow him while the other apes head to the safe place. Along the journey of Caesar and his friends, they stumble upon the mute girl Nova and the chimpanzee Bad Ape that go with them. They arrive at the border and find a facility where his clan has been captured by The Colonel and forced to build a wall without water or food. But Caesar is captured by The Colonel and learns that he has slaughtered infected humans. Now the army is coming to kill him and he is protecting his men and himself with a wall. What will Caesar do? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Two years after the misanthropic bonobo Koba attacked the human survivors in San Francisco, Caesar and his tribe of intelligent apes have been forced against a rogue U.S. military faction known as Alpha-Omega led by a ruthless colonel. Alpha-Omega employs other apes formerly loyal to Koba, derogatorily called "donkeys". An Alpha-Omega platoon launches an attack on an ape outpost, but it fails and four soldiers, including one named Preacher and a "donkey" gorilla named Red, are captured. Caesar releases the soldiers, hoping the display of mercy will show the Colonel that the apes are not savages; Red escapes by injuring the albino gorilla Winter. Later, Caesar's eldest son Blue Eyes and lieutenant Rocket return from a long journey. Blue Eyes reports that they found a place across the desert that is ideal for the apes. Despite an uneasy Winter asserting that the apes should leave immediately, Caesar decides they need to prepare first. That night, the Colonel leads a team of soldiers in infiltrating the apes' home, killing Blue Eyes and Caesar's wife Cornelia; Caesar unsuccessfully attempts to prevent the Colonel's escape. Afterward, the apes are unable to find Winter, who they believe betrayed them out of fear. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this third version of the Planet of the Apes film, it has been 15 years since the ALZ-113 virus - also known by the human survivors as as the Simian Flu - spread across the globe killing billions of people (Rise of the Planet of the Apes), leading to a rise of intelligent apes. Their leader, the chimpanzee Caesar (Andy Serkis), had tried to maintain peace between the apes and humans, until the chip Koba (Toby Kebbell) betrayed the apes and brought on the dawn of a new conflict (Dawn of the Planet of the Apes). Now, Caesar and his clan are hiding out in a command base in the Muir Woods while a ruthless Special Forces Colonel of the military faction Alpha-Omega is out to get them. The humans and apes are now caught up in all-out war. A team of soldiers quietly move through the woods to locate the apes. They are being helped by an ape named Red (Ty Olsson), whom the soldiers refer to as "Donkey". Red and another ape loyal to Koba look out for the command base. The soldiers launch their attack on the base by opening fire, but the apes retaliate with great force, hurling spears and shooting at soldiers as they ride on horses. Red, along with several surviving soldiers, are captured. Caesar decides to spare them and send them back to their camp unharmed to send the message that the apes are peaceful. Red, meanwhile, escapes from the hold of Winter (Aleks Paunovic) and runs back to the camp. Caesar's son Blue Eyes (Max Lloyd-Jones) returns home to his family and his mate Lake (Sara Canning). Caesar rejoins his wife Cornelia (Judy Greer) and youngest son Cornelius (Devyn Dalton). Caesar and his friends discuss a plan to move the clan away from the woods and toward a new home. That night as the apes are asleep, several Alpha-Omega soldiers, led by Colonel McCullough (Woody Harrelson), stalk the command base. The soldiers are killed, but McCullough shoots and kills Cornelia and Blue Eyes, having intended to kill Caesar. Caesar finds his family dead and leaps after McCullough as he gets away through the waterfall. McCullough then severs the rope and lets Caesar fall. Caesar returns to his base and has the other apes search for Cornelius. Thankfully, Caesar finds him safe. He places his son in Lake's care as he heads off to find McCullough while the rest of the apes head toward the desert in search of their new home. Caesar is followed by orangutan Maurice (Karin Konoval), chimp Rocket (Terry Notary), and gorilla Luca (Michael Adamthwaite). Caesar refuses to allow them to join him, but they insist as they want to protect their leader. The apes continue heading forward. They encounter a lone man who attempts to shoot them, but Caesar kills him first. They enter his home and find a little girl - later named Nova - (Amiah Miller) lying in bed. Although she appears frightened, Maurice gently hands her a doll. Nova tries to speak but is unable to. The apes proceed to continue their journey, but Nova steps out and sees the dead man (he was possibly her father). Despite Caesar saying they cannot take her, Maurice says he cannot leave her there either. The four apes come across a military camp. They find Winter, who has defected to the humans' side after Red promised he would be spared if Winter let him go, which lead Red to tell McCullough where to find the apes. Caesar interrogates Winter and learns that McCullough and his army are talking about heading toward a border. The apes then see that the humans are close. Caesar puts his hand over Winter's mouth to keep him quiet, and he ends up leaving him unconscious. At night, Caesar has a nightmare about Koba, who appears bloody and more scarred than before. He repeats to Caesar his final words - "Ape not kill ape." The apes and Nova pass through the snowy mountains. They find the bodies of three soldiers shot in the snow. One of them is still alive but is slowly dying. Caesar asks him why he was shot, but the soldier cannot speak just like Nova. Maurice points out that the man will die of his wounds, so Caesar puts him out of his misery. As the apes are looking around the area, a small creature in a jacket steals a rifle and one of the horses. The apes chase after the creature until they corner it in an abandoned building. It is a small ape, known as Bad Ape (Steve Zahn). He offers his jacket to Nova, seeing that she is cold. Bad Ape is capable of speech like Caesar. He tells Caesar that he lived in a zoo before the Simian Flu struck, and he got his name from what the humans always yelled at him. Bad Ape gives the group food that is labeled "California Border". Caesar asks where the food came from, and Bad Ape says it came from a "human zoo" (quarantine camp). Once the apes reach the military camp, they are attacked by a soldier. Luca kills the solider but is also mortally wounded in the process. Luca tells Caesar that at least he was able to protect him this time. Even Nova cries for Luca as he had shown her kindness before. Caesar tells the others that this is why he wanted to come alone. Maurice tells Caesar that his hatred for the Colonel is making him like Koba. Caesar heads toward the camp at night by himself, only to find two captured apes hung up on a mountain overlooking the camp. One ape tells Caesar that the ape clan has been captured and are being forced to work. Red then appears behind Caesar and knocks him out with the butt of his rifle. Caesar wakes up to find himself face-to-face with McCullough. Caesar tells him he came for him after he killed Caesar's family. McCullough gives an insincere apology and says he meant to kill Caesar. Caesar is put to work with the rest of his captured apes. He sees Lake and Cornelius in a separate cage, with the little ape helplessly calling out for his father. The apes are then forced to work to build a wall, despite being starved and dehydrated. One ape is then whipped by Red, with Caesar yelling at him to stop. Caesar is whipped in his place. McCullough demands that Caesar tell the apes to continue working even as Caesar pleads for him to give them food and water. McCullough kills one ape and prepares to kill more, but Lake and the other apes continue to work for Caesar's sake. Red and a soldier called Preacher (Gabriel Chavarria) escort Caesar to McCullough's office in chains. Caesar once again tells the Colonel to give the apes food and water. He tells McCullough that he has no mercy. The Colonel verbally hits back that Caesar had shown up with the intention to kill him, but Caesar responds that he did show mercy by sparing his soldiers. McCullough then tells Caesar about his son, who was a soldier in his army until he was affected by the Simian Flu and began to lose his voice, along with other soldiers. McCullough killed his son and those soldiers as he knew they were regressing into a primitive state. He then explains that the wall is meant for another military force that is coming for him to put an end to his radicalized faction. The captured apes are finally given food and water, except for Caesar. He has another hallucination of Koba, who tells Caesar to join him. Meanwhile in the distance, Maurice, Rocket, Bad Ape, and Nova are seeing what's going on in the camp. Nova walks into the camp and approaches Caesar's cage. She gives him food and water, as well as the doll that Maurice gave her. The soldiers are approaching, and, fearing that they will kill Nova, Rocket steps in as a distraction to allow her to get away. The soldiers capture Rocket and McCullough picks up Nova's doll, which is now stained with blood. Maurice and Bad Ape find a way to sneak into the camp via an underground tunnel. They proceed to dig through but stop when they hit a water source, fearing it will flood the tunnel. They manage to seal off that part to prevent the flooding. Caesar and Rocket work together to find a way to make it to the other cage to save the ape children while Maurice and Bad Ape dig their way to the camp. Rocket creates a diversion by flinging poo at one of the guards before Bad Ape pulls him underground. The apes get the children out and make it through the tunnel to get away from the camp. Caesar embraces Cornelius upon seeing him again. Before leaving, Caesar admits to Rocket that he is like Koba because he cannot let go of his hatred for the Colonel. He heads back to McCullough's office to finish his mission. Soon, the rival military force begins attacking the camp, launching rockets at the soldiers while they fire back. Caesar makes it to McCullough's office and finds him drunk. He tries to speak but he has lost his voice too. Caesar grabs a gun, and the Colonel takes Caesar's hand to hold it to his head, ready for Caesar to pull the trigger. However, Caesar cannot bring himself to do so. McCullough grabs the gun and shoots himself in the head. In the midst of the chaos, the other apes have gotten away while Caesar tries to rejoin them. He grabs a grenade belt and tries to throw one at a leaking fuel tank, but he is shot with an arrow by Preacher. Red sees this as one of the soldiers is demanding a grenade launcher from him. Red turns on the humans and fires a grenade at Preacher before he finishes Caesar. Red is then shot dead after redeeming himself. Caesar grabs the grenade and finishes the job, destroying the tank and blowing up the whole facility as he gets away through the tunnel. Caesar reaches the apes as the other militants cheer the fall of Alpha-Omega's camp. Some soldiers spot Caesar and are prepared to shoot him until an avalanche starts coming down. Caesar and the others apes (plus Nova on Maurice's back) climb up the trees to safety while the avalanche wipes out all the remaining soldiers. The apes and Nova then continue on their journey to a new home until they finally reach a new land that the apes are happy with. Caesar and Maurice watch as the apes are celebrating their freedom, but Maurice notices Caesar's arrow wound. Knowing that he is going to die, Caesar asks Maurice to make sure Cornelius is protected. Maurice assures him that his son will know who he was and what he did for his family. With that, Caesar passes away in peace. 