nm0009988:

 Inversion (II)Summaries A street-wise American con man teams with a young Chinese physicist as they race against the clock to save the earth from a terrifying loss of gravity. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Livin' Large! (1991)Summaries A young black reporter begins to lose his identity. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Beneath the Angka: A Story of the Khmer Rouge (1983)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sirens (1994)Summaries When a painting is termed blasphemous, a young minister and his wife visit the artist... and the three sexually playful models living with him. Anthony, a young reverend and his wife, Estella are on the way from England to Australia to minister to their flock. The bishop asks him to visit Norman, an eccentric artist prone to sexual depictions and requests that he voluntarily withdraw a controversial work call "Crucified Venus" from his show. The minister, who considers himself a progressive, is shocked at the amoral atmosphere surrounding the painter, his wife, and the three models living at his estate. The minister's wife is troubled also, and has to deal with latent sexual urges while trying to remain loyal to her husband. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> A young English minister and his wife are asked to stop by an eccentric artist's home on the way through Australia to their new parish. The bishop of Sidney is concerned because the artist is prone to painting naked females, and hopes that he will be persuaded to withdraw a controversial painting from his show which is soon due for exhibition. The clever mined minister is both challenged, and put off at the permissive atmosphere he finds surrounding the painter, perpetuated by the painter's wife's nonchalant attitude, and the three lovely models living and working at his estate. The minister's wife finds herself aroused by the free atmosphere, and both she and her husband discover that they know more about each other, and are better for the visit by its conclusion. Unknownian It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 