nm0008336:

 7th Dragon 2020 (2011 Video Game)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 7th Dragon 2020-II (2013 Video Game)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Star Fox 64 3D (2011 Video Game)Summaries It's war! The evil mad scientist Andross has unleashed a huge army against his former home world in the bid for galactic conquest. General Pepper has summoned the Star Fox team as backup support to saving Corneria and the Lylat System. Now in 3D, you'll pilot your Arwing through space and skies, drive your Landmaster over terrains and helm your Blue-Marine through the sea, reliving the classic sci-fi shooter once again. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Blood-C: The Last Dark (2012)Summaries Six months after the massacre at her faux hometown, Saya has set out on a mission to exact revenge on Fumito, who had since then become a powerful dictator enforcing censorship throughout Japan. Tokyo, Winter. Despite the use of the Youth Ordinance Bill to enforce curfews for minors and regulate the use of the Internet, young people continue to fight for their own freedom through underground methods. One such group calls themselves Surat. They have decided to take on Fumito Nanahara, a man who has great influence on the political world, and basically controls Tokyo with an iron fist. While using the Internet as a weapon to discover more information about Fumito, they learn about "Tower", the secret organization behind Fumito which engages in human experimentation. When members of Surat attempt to set up an ambush in the subway to expose the truth behind "Tower", mysterious creatures suddenly appear and attack the passengers. During this crisis, Saya appears - a young girl who uses a Japanese blade to slay the Old Ones. The same Saya who lost everything dear to her in that horrifying incident in Ukishima Province. What sort of "experiment" is Fumito and "Tower" trying to conduct using the Old Ones? And can Saya finally deliver vengeance to Fumito? Now, the final battle begins... ANN It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 