nm0005560:

 Johnny English (2003)541) After a sudden attack on MI5, Johnny English, Britain's most confident, yet unintelligent spy, becomes Britain's only spy. When a funeral of a British spy is attacked, all of the remaining spies are killed. Only one spy is left and is now Britain's last hope. Johnny English and his sidekick, Bough have been assigned the case of investigating the theft of the British Crown Jewels. The prime suspect is a mysterious French entrepreneur, known as Pascal Sauvage. English and Bough soon find out the horrifying truth behind the theft and Sauvage, but it's not going to be an easy job to bring him to justice. FilmFanUK In an uncertain world, few things are as dependable as the British Secret Service. So when an unthinkable plan to filch the country's beloved Crown Jewels comes to the Service's attention, the best man for the job, the crme de la crme of the organization's super sleuths, Agent Number One, is quickly assigned to the case and is quickly dispatched to six feet under. But unfortunately for the B.S.S., virtually every other able member of its esteemed ranks soon joins Agent Number One in the afterworld when the funeral is being bombed. Now there is only one man remaining who can even hope to protect his country, avenge the elimination of all of the Secret Service's spies and uncover the fiendish plot to make off with the lasting symbols of the once supreme British empire, the Crown Jewels - Johnny English. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} By a twist of fate and an unforeseen bomb attack, the maladroit MI7 agent, Johnny English, becomes the United Kingdom's last and only chance to retrieve England's stolen Crown Jewels. As a result, to preserve the monarchy, Britain's only spy and his loyal assistant, Bough, must put their rigorous training to good use, as the prison construction tycoon, Pascal Sauvage, becomes public enemy number one in the eyes of the inexperienced duo. However, is there more to Sauvage than meets the eye? Is the suave French benefactor, indeed, an embittered megalomaniac? Above all, who is Lorna Campbell, the alluring woman of mystery? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Johnny English is a kindhearted and well-intentioned but clumsy MI7 employee, working a desk job while dreaming of being their most trusted agent. After Agent One dies in a submarine accident unknowingly caused by English, the remaining agents are killed by a bombing at Agent One's funeral, again due to English's incompetence, leaving English as the lone surviving agent capable of finishing Agent One's mission. Assigned to thwart a plot to steal the newly restored Crown Jewels, English meets the mysterious Lorna Campbell at the jewels' unveiling at the Tower of London. During a sudden blackout, the jewels are stolen. In the chaotic aftermath, English accidentally knocks out the deputy head of security and pretends to fight an imaginary "assailant" to cover his mistakes; he makes up a false description of the suspect to MI7 head Pegasus. English and his assistant Angus Bough discover the jewels were removed via a hole dug beneath their display case. Following the tunnel, they confront the German thieves Dieter Klein and Klaus Vendetta, who escape in a hearse. After pursuing the wrong hearse, English gatecrashes a funeral. Bough comes to his rescue, pretending English is an escaped mental patient and posing as a doctor from the "Lunatic Response Unit". English connects the thieves to Pascal Sauvage, a French prison entrepreneur who helped restore the jewels. Pegasus finds English's claims absurd and warns English not to involve Sauvage, as he is his personal friend. In the car park, English and Bough are attacked by Vendetta but are unharmed. English again encounters Campbell in a YO! Sushi restaurant, recognising her pink motorcycle. Having seen her at two crime scenes, English's suspicions deepen when her records cannot be found on any government computer. English and Bough parachute into Sauvage's headquarters, but English mistakenly lands on an identical tower, the City Hospital. Reaching the correct building, the two learn that Sauvage, a descendant of Charles Edward Stuart, plans to make himself king, using an impostor to impersonate the Archbishop of Canterbury. Campbell arrives, revealed to be an Interpol agent tracking Sauvage. With evidence of Sauvage's involvement, English crashes a reception hosted by Sauvage but is suspended by Pegasus for his clumsy actions. Sauvage scraps his plan to use the fake Archbishop and instead sends his minions to force Queen Elizabeth II to abdicate by threatening her corgis, causing the entire line of succession to be swept clean for Sauvage to become king. Campbell, now placed in charge of the assignment by Pegasus, visits the depressed English and convinces him to travel with her to Sauvage's French chteau to investigate. Eavesdropping on Sauvage's meeting with internationally renowned criminals, English and Campbell learn he plans to transform all of England into the world's biggest prison. The agents are exposed when English accidentally activates a microphone, and they are taken prisoner. Bough rescues English and Campbell and they race to stop Sauvage's coronation. English crashes the coronation and discovers the Archbishop in attendance is genuine. Undeterred, English orders Bough to play the incriminating DVD, only to find it is footage of himself lip-syncing to ABBA's "Does Your Mother Know" in his underclothes; Sauvage had bugged English's flat. Sneaking away, English swings in to steal St. Edward's Crown from the Archbishop. Sauvage attempts to kill English, who drops the crown. However, English falls from the wire, lands on the throne, and is crowned instead. In his singular act as king, English has Sauvage arrested by the MI7. Sauvage's final fate is not revealed but a presenter mentions that if he is found guilty of high treason, he could be executed. Sauvage would also have asked for it to be used in science, specifically for the causes of schizophrenia. While his fate is not revealed he was most likely executed for his crime of attempting to seize control of the crown, making history as the first person executed on the orders of the crown since the 1950s and restores the Queen to the throne, simply requesting a knighthood as a reward. Sauvage is awaiting trial for high treason, while English and Campbell drive to southern France for a romantic holiday, only for English to accidentally eject her out of his car while leaning in to kiss her. In a mid-credits scene, Lorna lands in a hotel swimming pool, where Bough is vacationing alongside a man identical to the fictitious assailant English described to Pegasus. 
 Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels (1998)541) Eddy persuades his three pals to pool money for a vital poker game against a powerful local mobster, Hatchet Harry. Eddy loses, after which Harry gives him a week to pay back 500,000 pounds. Four Jack-the-lads find themselves heavily - seriously heavily - in debt to an East End hard man and his enforcers after a crooked card game. Overhearing their neighbours in the next flat plotting to hold up a group of out-of-their-depth drug growers, our heroes decide to stitch up the robbers in turn. In a way the confusion really starts when a pair of antique double-barrelled shotguns go missing in a completely different scam. Eddy has been known as a cardsharp since he was young. So he and his three friends Soap, Tom and Bacon all decide to chip in 25,000 each to allow him to play in an illegal high-roller game run by one of the local villains, Hatchet Harry. However, Eddy didn't realize the game was crooked and he ends up owing Harry 500,000 with dire threats about losing his fingers one at a time if he doesn't pay within a week! Eddy and his friends discuss various completely illegal schemes to obtain the money and eventually decide to rip-off the gang of thieves next door who themselves are planning to raid a clandestine drug growing operation which keeps all of its money in shoe boxes where they grow the cannabis plants. The scheme is simple enough but the best laid plans of mice and men always seems to go awry as does this one. As extreme chaos breaks loose the violence and associated body count spiral out of control, Eddy and his friends realize that they are out of their depth and desperately try to find a way out before they too find themselves among the casualties! Mark Smith <msmith@osi.co.uk> Four Cockney wide-boys are tricked into owing 500,000 nicker to the local gang-land boss and porn king, 'Hatchet' Harry Lonsdale. With the very real threat of finger amputation looming over them the lads come up with a plan to nick the cash from their next-door neighbours: a gang of hardcase drug-dealers... Meanwhile, 'Hatchet' ain't none too pleased when a pair of antique shotguns wot he wants are sold on by a pair of Scouse thieves, to be used in a "job"... The involvement of a conscientious debt-collector, some public school "chemists", a psychotic hash-baron, a lot of guns and knives, ensures that karma is surrealistically resolved (just!) before the end credits roll... Ian Miller <imiller@csd.abdn.ac.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Long-time friends; Bacon, Soap, Tom and Eddie decide to put together 100,000 to play 3 card brag against "Hatchet" Harry Lonsdale - a porn king of notorious disposition - in a high-stakes card game in the hopes of winning easy money. Aided by Barry "the Baptist", Harry's personal bodyguard and counselor, the game is fixed so that Eddie, the card shark representing the group, loses to Harry and is forced to pay a 500,000 debt within one week, citing the loss of fingers and Eddie's father's bar if he fails to pay. To Eddie's fortune, and the dismay of his friends, all four of the group are tasked with honoring this debt, as they were all responsible for fronting the stake money. Harrys loyal and violent debt collector, Big Chris - who often brings his son and apprentice, Little Chris, to his work - is assigned to collect the payment on the due date. After several days and no ideas to come up with the money, Eddie returns home and overhears his neighbors, a gang of thieves known for robbing drug dealers, planning a heist on some marijuana growers supposedly loaded with cash and drugs. Eddie relays this information to the group, intending for all of them to rob the neighbors as they come back from their heist, therefore solving the debt. Tom uses his connection with an underground dealer, known as Nick "the Greek", to provide them with guns for the job, and to find someone to help them move the drugs. Nick then manages to acquire a pair of antique shotguns, and arrange a deal with Rory Breaker, a gangster and sociopath, to purchase the stolen weed. Prior to the card game, a pair of lowlife criminals, Gary and Dean, were hired by Barry to rob a bankrupt millionaire for Harry, who wanted a specific pair of antique shotguns from the stolen pile for his personal collection. The two guns that Harry wanted, however, were the ones that Gary and Dean sold prematurely to Nick after the robbery. An enraged Barry then threatens the two into getting them back. The neighbors' heist goes underway; Dog, the leader of the gang, learned of the weed chemists from one of the members, and uses his connections to the group to catch them off guard. Despite having a gang member killed by his own Bren Gun, and an incriminating encounter with a traffic warden, the job is otherwise a success. Unfortunately as they come back to the hideout, the four friends ambush the neighbors and take the loot, who later return that night to stash the goods next door, and then celebrate with a wild night of drinking. The various characters finally collide when Rory discovers that the weed he was going to purchase was in fact his; the weed chemists that were robbed were under his employ. Rory interrogates Nick into revealing where the four friends live, and uses one of the chemists to identify the robbers. That same morning, Dog has become furious at having been cheated and, during a tirade, he launches one of his men into a wall, who discovers (through the hole he makes as a result) various sound recording equipment; Dog realizes that his neighbors were the ones who robbed him, and has the men prepare to ambush the friends in the flat as he takes the antique shotguns and counts the money. Gary and Dean call Nick, who (in frustration) directs them to the same address in their search for the antique shotguns, while Big Chris and his son depart to collect the debt, and the four friends drive home from the bar. Rory and his gang assault the flat and enter a shootout with the neighbors, resulting in the deaths of all but Dog and the lone chemist to survive the slaughter, with the latter taking off with the marijuana. Dog is mugged by Big Chris of the shotguns and money during his escape, Gary and Dean stealthily follow Big Chris, and the four friends finally return to the flat, shocked by the carnage and the missing loot. Big Chris then gives the guns and cash to Harry, and as he returns to his car he encounters Dog threatening his son, who wants him to get the loot back from Harry. Desperate to get the guns, Gary and Dean attack Harry and Barry at their office, realizing who they were at the last minute before killing each other in another violent shootout. The four friends soon arrive to find another scene of carnage, and take the opportunity to re-steal the debt money, mystified by their strange fortune. Big Chris then crashes into their car to disable Dog, and after brutalizing him with his car door, he takes the debt money back from the unconscious friends, only to find his employer dead, and Tom just about to make off with the antique shotguns, which he'd briefly paused to examine. The remaining friends were arrested, but were declared innocent after the traffic warden from earlier identified the neighbors bodies as the prime suspects. The four reunite at Eddies fathers bar, and decide to have Tom get rid of the only evidence linking them to all the bloodshed the shotguns. After Tom leaves, Big Chris arrives to bid them farewell, and gives them a catalog on antique guns. Big Chris then leaves, having kept the debt money for himself and his son. A quick perusal of the book reveals that the shotguns the four had bought for the job were each worth a fortune, and so they desperately try to call Tom. The film ends in a cliffhanger when Toms cell phone, stuffed in his mouth, starts ringing as he hangs over the side of a bridge, preparing to drop the shotguns into the River Thames. 
 A Knight's Tale (2001)541) After his master dies, a peasant squire, fueled by his desire for food and glory, creates a new identity for himself as a knight. Inspired by "The Canterbury Tales," as well as the early life of William Marshall (later First Earl of Pembroke), this is the story of William, a young squire with a gift for jousting. After his master dies suddenly, the squire hits the road with his cohorts Roland and Wat. On the journey, they stumble across an unknown writer, Chaucer. William, lacking a proper pedigree, convinces Chaucer to forge genealogy documents that will pass him off as a knight. With his newly-minted history in hand, the young man sets out to prove himself a worthy knight at the country's jousting competition, and finds romance along the way. Anonymous After the untimely death of a jousting knight in the middle of a match, the knight's peasant squire William Thatcher dons the dead knight's armor and with the help of his two friends complete the match and wins the jousting tournament. As the trio leave the tournament and head home, Will convinces the two friends that he can change his stars by entering other jousting tournaments and becoming a real knight. Geoffrey Chaucer an unknown writer who they meet along the road agrees to forge Will's papers of royal genealogy and becomes his Herald. This starts them on a journey filled with deception, peril, love and failure as Will meets a beautiful princess, faces a most daunting and evil jousting opponent and forces Will to comes to grips with his humble beginnings. Randy Slagle When a knight dies during the recession of a fight, one of his squires, William Thatcher, disguises himself as his master in order to win the prize money of the tournament. He wins the fight and decides to, together with his fellow squires Wat and Roland, take on a new false identity as a knight and make a living winning tournaments. On their way to a tournament, they meet Geoffrey Chaucer, a poor writer who joins the group. The quartet then keep traveling through England and France, fighting in tournaments. J. Rieper Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. (As it was said, may contain SPOILERS. Well, I guess.. that's ME, as this is my favorite movie and my Favorite Actor died at my same age of 28, HEATH LEDGER) The film takes place in the medieval times and contains many anachronisms, as it contains music and wordings that do not fit those times. It started with 3 faithful & loyal squires: Roland ( Mark Addy ), Wat ( Alan Tudyk ) and William ( Heath Ledger ). As they are on their way to Victory, all 4 together with the Knight took a little rest and when Roland came to his lord (their knight) he found out that he is no longer breathing and is already dead. They no longer have the chance to participate in the final round of Jousting, (a sport during the Medieval times). William took the armor vest and wore it to join the jousting, where he won consecutively. Together with the 2 squires, he trained himself the use of Sword and Lance as it may be his edge for such game. When they are on their way to a place were there is a Jousting and Sword competition, they encountered a writer, Geoffrey Chaucer. He joined the three and he stood as the Herald of Sir Ulrich Von Lichtenstein from Gelderland, the name William has adopted to pose as a nobleman. Geoff presented Ulrich to the panel and told them that Sir Ulrich will compete for Sword and Jousting. As Ulrich was wandering around that area, singing, he saw a beautiful lady ( Shannyn Sossamon )and he followed her. Insisting for her name, the lady asked if he would care if she is ugly. Ulrich was speechless. Ulrich had just finished his first jousting round, when a man approached him and he said that he was there because of Ulrich's Herald. He found out that Geoff had a serious gambling problem. He was unclothed by two men as his punishment. Ulrich asked the two men to release him and give him back his clothes and repay them after the game. They then released Geoff and on their way out, Geoff said that he actually is a writer, he lied before and has gambling issues. Ulrich started to compete with the sword just after they talked. People were so impressed, as he gains consecutive wins. He's proclaimed a Sword Champ. Prepared for another jousting, Sir Ulrich pointed to Geoff the woman he liked, it's the woman he saw while he was roaming in the crowded area. Geoff commented that Ulrich is so ambitious and is going too far now. William persists to ask the lady her name. The lady didn't say her name, instead she said, "You Persist?" Another knight was sitting beside the lady, Count Adhemar ( Rufus Sewell ) and humiliated him about the suit of armor Ulrich was wearing and of how Ulrich says his name. Ulrich was pissed, he left and went on to his game. During one of his games, he faced the Black Prince of Wales and hit him with 2 points. Realizing that the competitor belongs to royal blood, Ulrich calls it a draw and spared Prince Edward. He impressed the crowd with his fearless fight and merciful judgment. Even Count Adhemar and his Herald were impressed. From one of his games, he had a very strong hit on the chest and his vest needs to be fixed. They went to several blacksmiths, but the blacksmiths asks for a "money-down-to-fix". One of the blacksmiths suggested they try approaching the Lady Farrier just next to them and see what she can do. Kate, the Lady Farrier, also refused and said that she doesn't work for free, but when she felt that she was underestimated by the other blacksmiths, she took Ulrich's vest and successfully fixed it. Before the game starts with Count Adhemar as his contender, the lady's maid approached William and said she had a message from the lady. The lady wished to tell William that her name is Lady Jocelyn and handed over a piece of cloth. William accepted it gratefully and was inspired. With two consecutive nice hits to Count Adhemar, and Adhemar not hitting Ulrich, he decided to hit Ulrich on the face and flash of William's memory went on during his childhood with his father, wishing that one day he'll change the stars and he'll be a knight. When the game ended, Count Adhemar picked up the piece of cloth that Ulrich had dropped. Adhemar handed back the cloth to Lady Jocelyn and she left without a word. After winning, Ulrich paid Geoff's penalty to Simon the Summoner ( Steven O'Donnell ) and Peter the Pardoner ( Jonathan Slinger ) from Rouen. Kate commented that the armor which Ulrich was wearing was not originally made for him, and she offered to make new armor. Ulrich asked how much would it cost. She said it would cost nothing, but instead take her as far as Paris. Ulrich refused and said that they walk alone, then asked her to take her gold (a payment for the vest fix). As they were packing up their stuff, Geoff suggested to them that they should stay and Ulrich should attend the dance party. Ulrich and Geoff had an argument about whether he should attend or not. Minutes after, Lady Jocelyn's maiden approached them and ask what color and kind of tunic Ulrich will wear in the dance party. As Geoff answered that they wouldn't be attending, Ulrich blocked Geoff and said don't speak of things he doesn't understand. Ulrich asked Roland what tunic he will wear tonight. Roland, shocked, described the attire based on the tent that he is facing. Then the maiden left. Ulrich dejectedly said he couldn't dance. All 5 of them, Kate, Geoff, Wat, Roland and Ulrich went to a place where they can work on Ulrich's Tunic and Dance problem. Kate and Geoff helped teach the dance. Wat, being bullied by Geoff as always, became Ulrich's partner during the practice, while Roland fixes the tunic. Roland managed to make the tunic while William learns the steps. Ulrich attended the gathering. He and Lady Jocelyn both wore green colored attires. They dance similar to a Farandol but with lots of differences, (especially modern moves. OST- Golden Years by David Bowie) which makes the scenario anachronism. Jousting took place again the next day were Count Alemar is to face the Black Prince of Wales: Prince Edward as his opponent. Alemar calls it a draw. Just to impress the crowd. Ulrich on the other hand, though he was informed that he will be fighting against Prince Edward for the second time, decides to fight him anyway. Wat, Ronald and Geoff told Ulrich about this but Ulrich still went on with the fight and hit Prince Edward squarely in the chest with 2 points. Edward loses the game. Geoff approach Ulrich and ask if he knows what he's doing. Ulrich told Geoff that Edward is taking the risk and is putting himself to danger and told Edward that he knows that he is a prince. Edward appeared stunned and wondered why Ulrich would still go on even if he knew what he is. Ulrich said that it is not in him to withdraw. "But it happens" added Prince Edward. Sir Ulrich was named Jousting Champion. But William/Ulrich still has the feeling of a 2nd placer as Count Alemar withdraws and he did not defeat him in a Joust. They went through different jousting competitions and they couldn't find Count Alemar. Unknown by them, count Alemar went to Gelderland to research Sir Ulrich's genealogy. He failed to see Ulrich's name on the painting as he doesn't exist. He found out that Ulrich is a fraud. Ulrich sent a sweet letter that was composed by him, Kate, Wat, Ronald and Geoff writing it for Lady Jocelyn and asking if she would come to Paris. Jocelyn got the letter, had tears in her eyes and Wat asked if she has something for his master in return. Jocelyn smiled. Wat, going back to were Ulrich and the rest were, said that Jocelyn is going to Paris with them. Sir Ulrich asked if she gave something in return. Wat kissed William on the lips and William shouted YES. He knew that Lady Jocelyn just send him the kiss. HE was so HAPPY! In Paris, Ulrich/William meets w/ Jocelyn in a church, where she tells him that if he truly loved her, he would lose. Ulrich tells her that's nuts. The next day at the jousting tournament, however, Ulrich intentionally loses all his matches...until, that is, Jocelyn sends word that if he loves her, he'll not lose another match & will win the tournament...which he does. That nite Jocelyn tells him that she knows his friends sometimes call him William, but she doesn't care what his name is. She crawls into bed w/ him, & tho he's hurt from the losses earlier that day, they seem to be able to get the deed done. . On their way to London, William had a flashback of a childhood memory. It was a time when he and his father were on their way to London on a boat. It was at that time that young William came to the attention of the knight who apprenticed him. He's torn between wanting to go w/ the knight & not wanting to leave his father. His father gives him his blessing & tells him all he has to do to find his way back is to follow his feet. Now that they are in London, Geoff informed Ulrich (William) that Count Alemar is on the list to compete. Ulrich and Alemar saw each other and Count Alemar said that Lady Jocelyn will be his bride no matter what it takes. That night Ulrich, on his horse, roams around the area while it is raining when he sees a little girl playing with a stick like it was her lance. The little girl told Ulrich that he was her favorite knight and she wondered why Ulrich is roaming in that area. Ulrich told the little girl that he used to live there and he asks the little girl if he knows a man who looks like a knight that had lived just around the other corner, but probably died long ago, possibly before she was born. The little girl told Ulrich that she also lives there and she knows the man Ulrich is pertaining to. She said that the man still lives there, but is blind and been there for years. Ulrich, with his curiosity went to that place and saw an old man fixing a fisherman's net. John Thatcher (William's Father) heard a squeak from the stairs and asked "if somebody is there?" He thought that the person on the stairs was the owner of the net and advised him to come back tomorrow as he is not yet done with it. Then, John Thatcher asked again, "Who Are You?". Ulrich answered "A Knight" and said that he is Ulrich. John said that he knew him as his name is being chanted in the stadium. John asked what business he has there. Ulrich said that he has a message for John coming from his son. John was stunned. He asked him to come inside and asked for his son's message. Ulrich said that "Your son has changed his stars". With teary eyes, John has recognized this phrase and asked if his son has followed his feet. Ulrich answered "YES". And he knew that the knight standing in front of him, the one with whom he is now speaking, is his SON WILLIAM. They hugged each other and cried. They had dinner and William mentioned that he has a girlfriend. His father told him that he wants to meet her. But Ulrich changed the topic to the water dripping from the roof. William fixes the leak. Unknown to him, Count Alemar has followed him and confirmed that he is a fraud and doesn't belong to a Royal line. In the morning, Ulrich is so happy that he told Wat, Ronald and Kate that he has spoken with his father and it was a great time in his life. Geoff and Jocelyn approach. The four of them appear as if someone has died. William asks why they are sad. Geoff and Jocelyn tell William that people knew already who he was and they are waiting for him to be arrested and put in the stocks. All were shocked with the terrible news and Ronald suggested packing their things up. William refused and asked Lady Jocelyn what she thinks. Lady Jocelyn suggested to RUN and do it for LOVE, instead of seeing him being placed in the stocks. Ronald, Kate, Wat and Geoff agreed with Lady Jocelyn. But furious William firmly refused and said "I'M A KNIGHT", indicating that I Knight would not be so cowardly. Ronald commented that everything must be put to an end. They prepared Ulrich and they went to the game. Officers approached them and told William that he should remove himself from the game of honor. But William answered that he is there to compete. They said that he is here to be arrested. And he was arrested and was put in jail. Count Alemar visited William and reiterates the words he keeps on saying while he punches him. With every punch he says "YOU HAVE BEEN WEIGHED", "YOU HAVE BEEN MEASURED" "AND YOU HAVE BEEN FOUND WANTING". Then with a last punch on the stomach, Count Alemar leaves. The next day, William is placed in the stocks and there's one boy who slapps his head as everyone applaudes what the boy has done. Ronald, Wat, Kate and Geoff stand by his side and don'tt leave him. 2 men with hoods stand there in the audience and when they reveal their faces. the people find out that it is the Black Prince of Wales, Prince Edward. He approaches William and tells him how William's men love him and if he knew nothing else about him that would be enough. He tells the guards to release William and ask how he can repay the kindness William once showed him. He asks William to kneel. Prince Edward takes his sword and proclaimes William, SIR William. Applause went on and Prince Edward asks William if he is fit to compete. He said that he can prepare for his opponent. Sir William, officially the new knight, thanked his lord, Prince Edward. The Final battle between Sir William and Count Alemar has come. Alemar cheats by placing a sharp tip on his lance. They rode and Count Alemar hit William on the right side of his chest. The tipped lance was left in his chest and Ronald had to pull it out. Wat and Geoff found out that Alemar is cheating. William is severely injured by the 1st attack. And with much pain in his chest, he dropped his lance and was hit again for the 2nd time by Count Alemar. Ronald said that the only way to win the game is un-horse him or to kill him. Being in so much pain, he asked Kate to remove his Armor Vest so he can breathe well. He asked her not to put it back again. Kate looks at Ronald and he agreed. He couldn't carry the lance anymore so he asked Wat to tie the lance on his arm. Wat looks at Ronald again and he said do whatever William says. When the game is about to start, Geoff made a heartfelt introduction for William,from the Prince's viewing box, to buy him time to get the lance lashed to his arm, as the joust was about to start and Will was not yet ready. Geoff introduced him as the son of John Thatcher and with his official title, everybody knew that he is Sir William Thatcher. Wat told William that everybody heard Williams name including his father. Geoff said "Godspeed William". William with no vest and a a lance tied to his arm, rode on his horse and fought with Count Alemar. When he is about to reach Count Alemar, he shouted "WILLIAM" and hit Alemar squarely in the chest, bringing him down off his horse. Count Alemar fell and had a vision of himself flat on his back on the ground, with the 5 people he hates. Wat stood above him saying "HE HAS BEEN WEIGHED", then comes Ronald saying "YOU HAVE BEEN MEASURED", then Kate said "AND YOU ABSOLUTELY" Geoff came above him and added "HAVE BEEN FOUND WANTING" finally, William completed the circle saying WELCOME TO THE NEW WORLD. GOD SAVE YOU, IF IT'S THE RIGHT THING TO DO. Then they left him. Victoriously, William and his friends rejoiced. His father is so pleased and so is Prince Edward. Lady Jocelyn is so proud of him. The story ends where Ronald, Kate, Geoff and Wat were leaning forward at the center of the stadium as Geoff is thinking about writing a story about everything that had happened, bullying Wat "Maybe Not Yours". End "In Memory of Heath Ledger" 
 The Three Musketeers (2011)321) The hot-headed young D'Artagnan along with three former legendary but now down on their luck Musketeers must unite and defeat a beautiful double agent and her villainous employer from seizing the French throne and engulfing Europe in war. After failing in a scheme to steal Leonardo Da Vinci's airship blueprints, the Musketeers are disbanded by Cardinal Richelieu leaving Athos, Porthos and Aramis on the streets of Paris. In the meantime, the young, reckless and ambitious D'Artagnan has set off from Gascony with dreams of becoming a musketeer himself, not realizing that they have been disbanded. In no time, D'Artagnan manages to offend Athos, Porthos and Aramis on different occasions and challenges them all to duels. However before the duels can take place they are attacked by guards, trying to arrest them for illegal dueling. The ex-musketeers and D'Artagnan fight off the soldiers, leading to the four men becoming a band with the motto of "All for one, and one for all". Count Richelieu is not only determined to be rid of the musketeers, but also schemes with Athos' former lover Milady to undermine the reign of King Louis and his wife. The musketeers and D'Artagnan are determined to save the royal family and France itself. WellardRockard Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Venice, the Three Musketeers Athos (Matthew Macfadyen), Porthos (Ray Stevenson) and Aramis (Luke Evans), with the help of Athos' lover, Milady de Winter (Milla Jovovich), steal airship blueprints made by Leonardo da Vinci. However, they are betrayed by Milady, who gives the blueprints to the Duke of Buckingham (Orlando Bloom). Upon returning to France, the Musketeers are forced to disband by Cardinal Richelieu (Christoph Waltz) for their failure. One year later, the young D'Artagnan (Logan Lerman) leaves Gascony for Paris in hopes of becoming a Musketeer, like his father once was, only to learn that they no longer exist. D'Artagnan ends up challenging Captain Rochefort (Mads Mikkelsen), the leader of Richelieu's guard, to a duel after being offended by him, but Rochefort merely shoots him while he's distracted. In an attempt to get revenge, D'Artagnan offends Athos, Porthos and Aramis for petty reasons, and schedules duels with each of them, at the same day and at the same place, but in different times, not knowing who they are. Before they can duel, however, D'Artagnan and the Musketeers are attacked by the guards for breaking the law by having a public duel. They fight the soldiers off, at which point D'Artagnan discovers their true identities, but end up being captured and brought before the young King Louis XIII (Freddie Fox) and his wife, Queen Anne (Juno Temple). Richelieu attempts to convince them to execute the four prisoners, but they are too impressed, and congratulate them instead, much to Richelieu's anger. Later, Richelieu meets with Milady, who is actually working for him. He orders her to plant false love letters among Queen Anne's possessions and steal Queen Anne's diamond necklace and hide it in the Tower of London with the objective of framing Queen Anne of having an affair with the Duke of Buckingham, who is in France on behalf of the King of England, and who has built a fully armed airship using the designs stolen from the Musketeers. The affair would force King Louis to execute Queen Anne and declare war on England. At this point, the people would demand a more experienced leader for the country: Richelieu himself. Before leaving, Milady demands that Richelieu gives her an authorization declaring that she was working on behalf of France's best interests. However, Queen Anne's lady-in-waiting Constance Bonacieux (Gabriella Wilde) discovers his plan and pleads with the Musketeers to stop Richelieu. They follow Milady and Buckingham to London, while Constance is kidnapped by Rochefort for helping the Musketeers to escape from him. Meanwhile, King Louis finds the false letters and is advised by Richelieu to set up a ball in which Queen Anne would be forced to wear the necklace. If she doesn't, then her affair is real, and there will be war. In London, Milady warns Buckingham of the Musketeers arrival, claiming that they want revenge for being outsmarted by Buckingham one year prior. Buckingham captures D'Artagnan and prepares to interrogate him when D'Artagnan reveals that he was acting as a decoy to allow the Musketeers to steal Buckingham's airship. They rescue D'Artagnan and capture Milady, who gives them the authorization in an attempt to have her life spared. Upon realizing she failed, she jumps out of the airship into the English Channel. The Musketeers recover the necklace and return to Paris, only to be attacked by Rochefort, piloting an airship secretly built by Richelieu, who was given copies of Da Vinci's blueprints by Milady. Rochefort feigns an attempt to exchange Constance for the necklace in order to capture D'Artagnan, but the Musketeers come to his rescue and the two ships crash in the Notre Dame Cathedral, where D'Artagnan fights and defeats Rochefort, rescuing Constance, who returns the necklace to Queen Anne. The Musketeers arrive at the ball and, for the sake of King Louis' and his people, lie by saying that Rochefort was trying to sabotage an airship that Richelieu built for them, for the purpose of identifying a traitor. To convince King Louis, Athos presents Milady's authorization, which King Louis accepts. Richelieu, satisfied, offers the Musketeers a place in his army, but they refuse, which infuriates Richelieu, who swears revenge. Meanwhile, at sea, Milady is rescued by Buckingham, who reveals that he intents to avenge her and destroy the Musketeers. It is revealed that Buckingham is advancing towards France with a massive fleet of airships and sea-faring ships. 