nm0008690:

 Rupantharana (2014)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bawathra (2005 )Summaries The lives of a alien/human hybrids in remote village. Situated away from three galaxy's away, 'Bavathra' is a planet in which a set of alien creatures exist. They are technologically and intellectually more advanced than humans. They discover that within the next 50 or 100 years they would cease to exist and their planet would be completely destroyed. With the new discovery a group of scientists decide to go in search of a dead planet to which they could move or an alternative planet where they could coexist with the living being there. Moving at an invisible speed one of the spaceships falls in to a remote hilly village of Sri Lanka, Kandaliyadda due to a technical failure. At this time the villagers are conducting a big religious ceremony- Yagaya to get rid of a plague which had been troubling the villagers for several years. Asitha Dilruwan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 KabaddiSummaries A rash British policeman recruits a group of misfits to enter a dangerous underground Kabaddi tournament in India to recover a valuable stolen statue from the mysterious Disciplines of Kabaddi. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sulang Kirilli (2003)Summaries Ratha, a young Sinhalese woman with a boyfriend who visits her while he's on leave from fighting the Tamil Tigers, finds out she is pregnant. His reaction is not good. Things get worse when she finds he is actually married. He is adamant - she must get rid of the baby. But abortion is illegal in Sri Lanka, yet she cannot bear bringing an illegitimate child into the world. What will she do? Wise Kwai It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 