nm0007336:

 Flickering Lights (2000)Summaries A gang of 4 Danish criminals are ordered by Fringen to steal a bag from a safe. When they see DKK4,000,000 in the bag, they keep it for themselves and head for Spain. They end up in a ruin of an old restaurant on Funen and renovate it. Four small-time gangsters from Copenhagen trick a gangster boss: they take over 4,000,000 kroner which they were supposed to bring him. Trying to escape to Barcelona they are forced to stop in the countryside, in an old, wrecked house, hiding there for several weeks. Slowly, one after another, they realize, that they would like to stay there, starting a new life, renovating the house and forming it into a restaurant. But they can't avoid being caught up by their past. Volker Merl <volko@foni.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rejseholdet (20002004)Summaries A mobile task force is dispatched across Denmark to help local police solve tough cases. Members of the flying squad are away from home 230 days a year. We follow their fascinating yet frightening work in the underworld, their commitment and affectionate solidarity. Based on real criminal cases from the last decade, there's something special about these people, who boast one of the highest success rates in the world. Yet how do marriages and families cope with their long absences? When a female police commissioner who has ambitions on behalf of her gender selects detective Ingrid Dahl as the new head of a Danish police travel unit, it does not come without problems for the young detective. She struggles to unite career and family, and she has to establish a cooperation with a team of detectives including the man who had expected to take her job. However, the initial uncertainty soon turns to trust and even friendship, and the team proves its worth investigating the nation's most vicious cases of murder and violent crime. Peter Brandt Nielsen It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Absalons hemmelighed (2006)Summaries The girl Cecilie is interested in Absalons secret because there is an angel that can save her sick sister. It is located in Magasin Du Nord in Copenhagen, Denmark. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Kingdom (19942022)Summaries Doctors at an ultramodern hospital in Denmark become convinced, by way of weird, inexplicable happenings, that the place is haunted. The Kingdom is the most technologically advanced hospital in Denmark, a gleaming bastion of medical science. A rash of uncanny occurrences, however, begins to weaken the staff's faith in science--a phantom ambulance pulls in every night, but disappears; voices echo in the elevator shaft; and a pregnant doctor's fetus seems to be developing much faster than is natural. At the goading of a spiritualist patient, some employees work to let supernatural forces rest. James Meek <james@oz.net> It starts with the birth of "Little Brother", the son of diabolical murderer Aage Kroeger and the nurse Judith. Doctor Helmer is back from Haiti with some poison and is set to turn Krogshoej into a zombie. Mrs. Drusse gets hit by the phantom taxi. The two dishwashers feel that the forces of Evil are about to wreak havoc on the hospital. Dragomir R. Radev <radev@cs.columbia.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 