nm0000399:

 Se7en (1995)761) Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives. A film about two homicide detectives' ( Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt ) desperate hunt for a serial killer who justifies his crimes as absolution for the world's ignorance of the Seven Deadly Sins. The movie takes us from the tortured remains of one victim to the next as the sociopathic "John Doe" ( Kevin Spacey ) sermonizes to Detectives Somerset and Mills -- one sin at a time. The sin of Gluttony comes first and the murderer's terrible capacity is graphically demonstrated in the dark and subdued tones characteristic of film noir. The seasoned and cultured but jaded Somerset researches the Seven Deadly Sins in an effort to understand the killer's modus operandi while the bright but green and impulsive Detective Mills (Pitt) scoffs at his efforts to get inside the mind of a killer... Mark Fleetwood <mfleetwo@mail.coin.missouri.edu> Taking place in a nameless city, Se7en follows the story of two homicide detectives tracking down a sadistic serial killer ( Kevin Spacey ) who chooses his victims according to the seven deadly sins. Brad Pitt stars as Detective David Mills, a hopeful but naive rookie who finds himself partnered with veteran Detective William Somerset ( Morgan Freeman ). Together they trace the killer's every step, witnessing the aftermath of his horrific crimes one by one as the victims pile up in rapid succession, all the while moving closer to a gruesome fate neither of them could have predicted. David Foyer Two police detectives - one, Somerset, about to retire and the other, Mills, just transferred into the precinct - investigate the murder of an obese man. On his wall was written the word "Gluttony". Then they are alerted to the murder of a lawyer. On his floor was written the word "Greed". Somerset suspects that the murders were the work of the same man, a man murdering people who have committed the seven deadly sins. grantss Two detectives, one about to leave and one entering find themselves following a series of murders, they find clues linking the deaths and the seven sins. The movie follows the cops, their family and tracking down the mass murderer who delivers an unforgettable ending. This thriller portrays the exploits of a deranged serial killer. His twisted agenda involves choosing seven victims who represent egregious examples of transgressions of each of the Seven Deadly Sins. He then views himself as akin to the Sword of God, handing out horrific punishment to these sinners. Two cops, an experienced veteran of the streets ( Morgan Freeman ) who is about to retire and the ambitious young homicide detective ( Brad Pitt ) hired to replace him, team up to capture the perpetrator of these gruesome killings. Unfortunately, they too become ensnared in his diabolical plan.... Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In an unidentified city of constant rain and urban decay, Detective William Somerset ( Morgan Freeman ) is preparing to retire and leave the horrors of the city. Before he retires, he is partnered with Detective David Mills ( Brad Pitt ), a cocky, young and short-tempered cop from Springfield, a comparatively small town. He and Somerset meet at the scene of a homicide Somerset is investigating. Somerset offers to take Mills out for a drink so they can talk and get to know each other but Mills is too eager to get right to work and is unimpressed with Somerset's attempt to mentor him. The two investigate the murder of a morbidly obese man ( Bob Mack ) who was fed spaghetti until a kick to his stomach burst him open. Somerset investigates the murder while Mills is given the murder case of prominent Defense Attorney Eli Gould ( Gene Borkan ), with GREED written in Gould's blood on the floor. Gould was forced to carve a pound of flesh off of his body, and subsequently bled to death. The police captain gives Somerset an evidence container with three slivers of a plastic-like material found in the stomach of the obese man, which he was forced to consume along with the spaghetti. Going to the victim's house, Somerset finds three groove marks in front of the refrigerator and finds that the plastic-like slivers fit into them perfectly. Knowing the slivers resulted from the refrigerator being moved, Somerset looks behind it. He finds the word GLUTTONY written behind the fridge in grease, along with a note containing a quote from Milton's Paradise Lost. Somerset theorizes that a serial killer is basing his crimes on the Seven Deadly Sins, with five more to go. To give Mills and Somerset a chance to get along with each other, Mills's wife, Tracy Mills ( Gwyneth Paltrow ) invites Somerset over for dinner. While they are eating, an elevated train passes by on the track nearby, making the building and all its contents and inhabitants tremble: the couple mention that that's why the realtor was so nervous for them to see the apartment quickly, trying to hide the proximity of the train. After Tracy goes to bed, Mills and Somerset examine case evidence from the two scenes. They find a picture of Gould's wife with blood painted around the eyes. Believing that this means she is supposed to spot something about the murder scene that nobody else would, the detectives have a distraught Mrs. Gould ( Julie Araskog ) look at the pictures in a safe house and she notices an abstract painting that is upside down. Brushing powder on the wall behind the painting, Somerset finds fingerprints outlining the words "Help Me." After running the fingerprints through AFIS, the prints are traced a day later to a pedophile named Victor ( Michael Reid MacKay ), who escaped conviction for the rape of a minor due to the efforts of his lawyer, Eli Gould, the GREED victim. SWAT and the detectives raid his apartment and find Victor to be the SLOTH victim, having been bound to his bed for one year to the day, as evidenced by pictures at the scene; one taken every day from the day he is discovered. Remarkably, he is still alive but suffering from severe physical and mental deterioration. His hand was cut off and pushed onto the wall behind the painting to leave the prints. Mills and Somerset ask to interrogate Victor in the hospital, but the doctor says that he's chewed off his tongue and that "his brain is mush" from the ordeal. That evening, Tracy calls Somerset and requests that he meet with her. The next morning, Somerset meets Tracy in a diner where she tells him how miserable she is in "the city." At Somerset's urging, Tracy reveals the truth of her request to meet: she is pregnant, afraid of raising a child where they now live and afraid of telling David. Somerset advises her to tell her husband only if she decides to have it, and he sets himself as an example: he insisted his partner have an abortion, that he finally convinced her, and now he is remorseful. Later that day, using a contact in the FBI, Somerset gets a library list of people who have borrowed books related to the Seven Deadly Sins. The list leads the detectives to a man named John Doe, whose apartment they visit soon after. Doe, his face hidden, sees them as he comes home, pulls out a gun and begins shooting. After a short chase, Doe hits Mills with a tire iron, keeps him subdued at gunpoint, but lets him live and suddenly flees. Mills wants to force their way into Doe's apartment, believing that they have probable cause because Doe shot at them. Somerset tries to talk him down, saying the method they used to find Doe's apartment was illegal and that Doe would go free if they caught him. Mills kicks the door in anyway. While they search the apartment (after bribing a resident to claim she had called the detectives about Doe) they find notebooks of his thoughts, trophies of the crimes and a picture of Mills fighting off Doe, who, at the time, was posing as a press photographer. John Doe calls the apartment and congratulates the detectives on them finding him and apologizes for hitting Mills, also telling the young detective that he "admires" him greatly. Their actions, he says, have caused him to change his plans, and he hangs up. They also find a photo of a young woman, a prostitute ( Cat Mueller ), who they believe may be the next victim. A receipt leads them to a S&M leather shop where Doe placed an order for a sexual device. The girl is soon found dead in a room with LUST written on the door. Also found in the room is a visibly shaken man ( Leland Orser ) forced by Doe at gunpoint to wear and use the device, a large strap-on dildo with a blade attachment, to rape and kill the girl. The owner of the place, Wild Billy ( Martin Serene ) can give no clue to the physical aspect or the briefcase John Doe used, as every customer used to carry special clothes or equipment into the place. The next morning, a model ( Heidi Schanz ) is found dead with PRIDE written on the crime scene. Her nose has been cut off ("to spite her face") upon which Doe gave her the choice of suicide by sleeping pills or calling for help and living scarred. She chose the former, and swallowed the pills. As the detectives return to the police headquarters, John Doe walks up to them, his hands bleeding (he shaved the skin from his fingertips to avoid identification) and gives himself up. He talks to his lawyer and agrees that if he can take Somerset and Mills to two more bodies, he will confess to all the murders. Doe's lawyer also warns that if Somerset and Mills don't agree, Doe will plead insanity and the last two victims may never be found. Wanting a confession, the detectives agree. Somerset and Mills both have microphones taped to their chests so the rest of the task force can monitor their conversation with Doe. During the prep, Mills tries to tell Somerset about a concern he has with Tracy, but can't bring himself to talk fully about it. As the three travel to the desert outskirts of the city in a car, they are trailed by a police helicopter for security (flown by John Santin and James Deeth). Doe explains his rationale behind the murders as a way of showing people the truly evil nature of the world, as well as his desire to punish the wicked. He goes on to say he will be remembered and admired for what he has done, having been "chosen" to do so. As Doe speaks, the disgusted Mills is driven to rage, and screams at Doe while Somerset remains calm, but plainly worried. Once they reach the outskirts, Doe directs them to a specific spot near some power cable towers. The detectives walk Doe out to an open spot. After a few moments, a van appears and Somerset stops it several hundred yards away, leaving Mills behind to cover Doe. The driver (Richmond Arquette) claims someone paid him $500 to deliver a box to Mills at this place at exactly 7 o'clock. As Somerset opens the box, he recoils in horror from what he sees inside. As he races back to Mills and desperately yells for him to throw his gun away, Doe states to Mills that he admires Mills's life, to the point of being envious of his wife and the love they share. He goes further, saying he visited Mills' home and that he tried to "play husband" with Tracy that day but it didn't work out and he took a souvenir instead: "her pretty head." It was Doe's plan that Mills will kill him, as Doe himself was guilty of ENVY, jealous of Mills's simpler life. He also reveals to Mills that Tracy was pregnant, and that she begged to be kept alive for the child's sake. Mills, despite the pleading of Somerset, is so devastated by his wife's death and the knowledge that she was pregnant, that he shoots Doe in the head, Doe closing his eyes to receive his punishment. Mills shoots Doe's body five more times. In killing Doe in vengeance, Mills comes to embody the sin of WRATH, completing Doe's "masterpiece." Somerset can only stand by, helpless to do anything. After a catatonic Mills is taken away, their captain tells Somerset that they'll "take care of Mills," knowing the jury will condemn him. Somerset answers, "Whatever he needs". He also tells his captain that he will be "around;" implying that he will be staying on the force. As the camera pans out from the desert, the movie ends with Somerset quoting Ernest Hemingway: "'The world is a fine place, and worth fighting for.' I agree with the second part." 
 Gone Girl (2014)871) With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. On the occasion of his fifth wedding anniversary, Nick Dunne reports that his wife, Amy, has gone missing. Under pressure from the police and a growing media frenzy, Nick's portrait of a blissful union begins to crumble. Soon his lies, deceits and strange behavior have everyone asking the same dark question: Did Nick Dunne kill his wife? Twentieth Century Fox Nick Dunne, a small town guy who made good in the big city as a magazine writer blames the recession and the loss of his job for the decline of his marriage to his intellectually superior wife with a substantial trust fund. Questions of his motives and character begin to arise after his wife's disappearance on the morning of their fifth anniversary. As the search for his missing wife plays out over the ensuing days, guilty suspicions are fueled into a national frenzy by the media circus camped outside his house. Is this idyllic, everyman truly capable of murdering his wife? MalcolmJTaylor Nick and Amy Dunne are a couple living in a small town in Missouri. Nick calls the authorities when she goes missing but something is off about his behavior. Is he hiding something? Is he sad or distraught enough? While the police continue their investigation, Nick is battling a media frenzy and the people who believe his innocence is dwindling by the minute. Angela Thomas A Missouri couple had a great life in their house with no kid, but it all changed when their 5th wedding anniversary occurs. Nick, the husband now realizes that his wife, Amy has gone missing. He calls the local authorities for reporting the situation. Along with the time and the local searching program, the progress becoming blurred between Nick's version of the story or the new investigation result - that Nick suspected of killing his wife. Now, Nick struggles for convincing the media, telling them if he didn't kill his wife, and probe the cryptic clues from his own wife. Gusde Under very curious and suspicious circumstances, the former New York City columnist, Nick Dunne, finds out that his home in Missouri has been intruded; his front door half-open; shattered glass everywhere, and his popular author wife, Amy, inexplicably missing. Amid an unbridled media feeding frenzy, inevitably, Nick's life comes under the spotlight, as the experienced detective, Rhonda Boney, delves deeper and deeper into the husband's seemingly perfect image. As a result, half-truths and full lies entangle Nick more and more in a foggy reality where nothing is what it seems. Is the caring family man, indeed, a cold-blooded murderer? Nick Riganas The disappearance of Nick Dunne's wife transpires into a media frenzy, leaving him frantic and in desperate need of a lawyer - but why? Darkly satirical and scintillating, Gone Girl forces us to look at the dark parts of ourselves, the validity of our relationships and society's propensity to pigeonhole women. BecksyKane Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nick Dunne (Ben Affleck) is stroking the hair of his wife Amy (Rosamund Pike), saying through a voiceover that he'd like to crack her skull and pick apart her brain to answer that eternal question married couples have: What are you thinking? July 5, 2012 Nick takes out the garbage early in the morning, and looks around at the quiet neighbourhood. He then goes to a bar he co-owns with his sister Margo (Carrie Coon). He brings her a Mastermind board game that she throws in with a pile of others. He asks for a drink, and she pours one for each of them. It's the morning of Nick and Amy's 5th wedding anniversary, and he expects another scavenger hunt. Nick seems distressed, not wanting to be there at all. January 8, 2005 Nick and Amy first meet at a party in New York. He writes for a men's magazine and she writes personality quizzes for another. She makes a comment on the cleft of his chin making him look untrustworthy. He puts two fingers over the cleft so he'll appear more trusting. They take a walk and pass through a bakery that is getting a sugar delivery. Sugar is floating around everywhere as Nick and Amy walk through it. Nick tells Amy he has to kiss her now. He wipes some sugar off her lips and kisses her. They are later seen in bed with her lying on her back in her underwear and him performing oral sex on her. Present Day. Nick gets a call from a neighbor, telling him that his cat is outside. He returns home and calls for Amy. No answer. He goes into the living room and sees a table flipped over and the glass top is shattered on the floor. Nick screams Amy's name, startling a neighbor. Nick calls the police. Arriving at his home are Detective Rhonda Boney and Officer Jim Gilpin (Kim Dickens and Patrick Fugit). They inspect the place. Rhonda sees a small splatter of blood in the kitchen above the range. In the living room, they see a wall with pictures of "Amazing Amy", a book series written by Amy's parents. Rhonda comments that she loves the books and is surprised to learn that Nick is married to Amazing Amy herself. February 24, 2007 Nick and Amy go to a party held by her parents Rand and Marybeth (David Clennon and Lisa Banes). It is to celebrate the latest Amazing Amy book, where Amy gets married. As Nick and Amy discuss the exhibitions at the party, it becomes clear that the parents' fictional Amazing Amy character is a dramatically "improved" version of their real daughter that is sold it to the public. (For example, they gave Amazing Amy a dog, but refused one for their real daughter. They made Amazing Amy a prodigy cellist when real the Amy dropped out.) Rand asks Amy to go sit with some reporters so they can interview her. She does, and they ask her mundane questions such as why she's not married yet (to which she replies that Amazing Amy has always been one step ahead of her). Nick comes in pretending to be a reporter. He asks her more personal questions, leading up to a marriage proposal - opening his notebook to reveal an engagement ring. He mentions that she has a world class vagina. Present Day Nick is brought into the police station for questioning about Amy's disappearance. Rhonda and Jim find it odd that he seems rather indifferent and passive when answering questions and the fact that he doesn't know if Amy has any close friends or her blood type. He goes to call Amy's parents. Her mother asks to speak to Rhonda. In the next room, Nick finds that his father Bill (Leonard Kelly-Young) is in there after the police found him wandering around town, having left his assisted living facility (he suffers from Alzheimer's). Nick drives him back to the facility. Nick stays at Margo's house while the police inspect his home. A pregnant neighbor, Noelle Hawthorne (Casey Wilson), who claims to be Amy's best friend, comes by and asks about Amy. In the upstairs bedroom, Officer Gilpin says that he found "it" in the drawer of "unmentionables." Detective Boney pulls out an envelope, labelled "Clue One." July 5, 2009 Nick and Amy have been happily married for two years. On their anniversary, another of Amy's scavenger hunts takes them to the library to have sex in a quiet area. Amy gives Nick a gift. He opens the box to find a package of very high quality bed sheets. She refers to a private joke they had about how their sex was too good for ordinary sheets. He laughs and pulls out a gift for her - the same sheets. Present Day When questioned about this "clue", Nick says Amy always prepares a treasure hunt for their anniversary. The first clue leads him and Rhonda to his office, with another envelope on his desk labelled "Clue Two." Detective Boney finds a pair of red panties in the office. Nick is surprised by this discovery, as it doesn't seem directly related to the clue. The second clue mentions a brown house, but tells the detective that he doesn't understand it. Nick goes to his father's old home, which is painted blue. He arrives, but sets off the alarm. He enters the code twice to disarm the alarm, but it doesn't work. The phone rings, and it is the alarm monitoring company investigating the alarm. As he starts to explain that it's his father's house, the detectives arrive, so he figures they must be following him. He finds the third clue there but only has time to tuck it into his back pocket, hiding it from the police. The detectives question him as to why he's there. He says he comes by once a week to make sure the place doesn't burn down. Amy's parents fly in from New York as a press conference is held to spread awareness of Amy's disappearance. Nick asks others for help, but he appears emotionless. He is asked to pose next to a poster of Amy, and a photographer captures the brief moment when a smile appears on his face. Nick and Amy's parents meet with Rhonda to determine some possible suspects. Rand names an ex-boyfriend of Amy's, Desi Collings, who apparently tried to commit suicide after Amy broke up with him. They also mention a former classmate named Tommy O'Hara who was convicted of sexually assaulting Amy. People go to the volunteer center to help find Amy. One person there is Desi Collings (Neil Patrick Harris), but he leaves without saying anything. Nick tries to come off as friendly to others, but Jim doesn't buy it. Even Marybeth thinks he is acting like a "homecoming king." Nick is approached in a hallway by a woman who extends her sympathy and offers to make him a chicken-Frito pie casserole. She stands next to him and takes a selfie of the two of them, telling him to say "chicken-Frito pie." He makes a fake smile as she takes the photo and he immediately realizes this was a mistake and asks her to delete the photo. She refuses, and he asks her not to share it with anyone. She replies, "I'll share it with anyone I please" as she walks away. The photo goes viral. Consequently, the media starts analyzing Nick. TV personalities like Ellen Abbott (Missi Pyle) paint him as an unempathetic sociopath. 2010 Amy's diary explains how both she and Nick lose their jobs. Amy talks about the troubles they are having, then says, "But that's all background noise." She says that none of it matters as long as they have each other. Then Amy tells Nick that her parents are having financial problems and asked her for her trust fund money, which is nearly a million dollars. Nick is shocked that she would do that without talking to him first. Amy explains that the money is really their money anyway, and then says, "This is the part where you say, 'It's all background noise.'" He appears to calm down, and repeats the phrase. Later on, Nick has started losing interest in the marriage and has begun overspending on electronics like video games and a new laptop. Amy thinks he is trying to make her look like a cold, bitchy wife. To make matters worse, Nick and Margo's mother Maureen (Cyd Strittmatter) has been diagnosed with breast cancer, forcing Nick and Amy to move back to his hometown in Missouri. Amy feels a bit upset because Nick didn't even discuss the decision to move to Missouri with her, although she does support it. In general, Amy feels left out. She says he is just using her for sex. Nick is getting ready to go out with his old friends one evening when Amy tries to persuade him to stay with her, but he refuses. Then she offers to join him, but he also refuses, saying how she won't enjoy it. Then Any makes the suggestion that they have a child. He starts to get angry, asking why couldn't they have had this argument four hours prior, instead of when he is about to leave. The argument escalates as they go down the stairs, and at the bottom of the stairs Nick grabs Amy and throws her down, and she strikes the bannister post and falls to the floor. He immediately looks shameful. Present Day A few nights after Amy disappears, Nick is at Margo's house. It's late and Margo has gone to bed. Nick gets a text saying, "I'm outside." Nick opens the back door. A young woman, Andie Fitzgerald (Emily Ratajkowski), comes in and starts kissing Nick. He tells her to be quiet while Margo is sleeping. He makes sure that Andie hasn't said anything to anybody about her affair with Nick or that he has mentioned wanting to divorce Amy. He asks her if she left some red panties in his office, and she is doubtful, but not 100% sure. They continue kissing and have sex. Nick has Andie slip out the door early in the morning, thinking Margo is still asleep. However, Margo appears in the kitchen and angrily berates her brother for lying to her, knowing what would happen if the cops or media were to find out about this. At night, there is a vigil for Amy. Nick stands alongside her parents, and tries to seem more empathetic and anxious to find Amy, telling the crowd how he truly loves his wife. Andie is clearly visible up front in the crowd and mouths the word "asshole" in a way that only he can see. Noelle walks by and calls out to Nick, asking him if he knew that Amy was six weeks pregnant. The reporters chase Nick all the way to the police car as they escort him away. Margo presses Nick about the pregnancy bombshell. He says he did not know she was pregnant, but that he did want kids and Amy didn't. He shows her a letter from a fertility clinic that they were going to, stating that they were going to dispose of a semen sample they had left there, unless someone came to retrieve it. Rhonda and Jim meet Nick back in his home and explain that the results of a light test showed that someone wiped up a large pool of blood in the kitchen. Nick also doubts that Amy knew Noelle, until Rhonda shows him photographs of the two of them together, along with Noelle's kids. She even hands Nick a document of recent expensive transactions from his credit card, mentioning items including golf clubs and a Stratocaster guitar, though Nick says he never bought any of those items. Additionally, Rhonda presses Nick about the fact that he upped Amy's life insurance policy earlier that year to over a million dollars. He barks back, "because she told me to!" Rhonda gets a call confirming Amy's urine sample analysis indicate that she was indeed pregnant. Nick remembers the third clue in his pocket, and tries to decipher it. Rhonda and Jim continue their investigation, checking out the abandoned mall, now frequented by prostitutes and drug dealers. They find a local dealer and show him a picture of Amy. He tells Rhonda that she came by and tried to buy a gun from him. He had a clear memory of the event; it was Valentine's Day and she had been wearing a pink dress. They go back to Nick's father's home, wondering why Nick went there in the first place so soon after Amy's disappearance. In the furnace in the basement, they find Amy's diary hidden in the furnace, burnt slightly. Nick, meanwhile, figures out that the third clue refers to a wood shed outside Margo's home. He discovers a large pile of items from the credit card purchases stored there, as well as a gift-wrapped box in the middle of it all. Amy's Version: July 5, 2012 We go back to "the morning of", and we learn the truth: Amy is alive, and she staged everything to lead up to her disappearance. She is seen driving away from Missouri with her arm bandaged up with a blood spot evident on the inside of her elbow. Amy had used a variety of pens to make recent diary entries appear as if they were written over the past five years, and periodically threw each one out the car window. It documents a happy marriage deteriorating to the point where she buys a gun because she is afraid that Nick may kill her. She even faked her pregnancy by befriending pregnant Noelle and making her think that Nick was hurting her. Amy drained her toilet and offered Noelle lemonade until she had to use the bathroom. Amy then stole her urine and used it to submit it for the pregnancy test. On their fifth anniversary, Amy told Nick to take a walk and really think about their marriage, knowing full well he would go for a walk in his favorite isolated spot along the beach and thus have no alibi. Meanwhile she set up a crime scene to make Nick look guilty. Her plans included suicide so that her body would be found to completely frame Nick. To make sure she's not found out, she cuts her hair, dyes it, and makes herself look unkempt and disheveled. She begins eating large amounts of junk food to gain weight. She hides out at a small resort under the name Nancy, even hitting herself in the face with a hammer to sell the idea that she is hiding from an abusive boyfriend. She befriends a woman named Greta (Lola Kirke). Amy tells her how she came across Nick leaving the bar with Andie during a snowy night, wiping her lips before he kissed her the same way he kissed Amy when they first met (this part is true). With her plan working perfectly, she postpones her suicide for another month. Back to Nick: Nick brings the gift box inside and opens it to find Punch and Judy dolls, with the Judy doll holding a baby and missing a mallet. Together, he and Margo deduce that Amy has framed Nick for her disappearance. Nick goes to New York City to find Tanner Bolt (Tyler Perry), a lawyer specializing in tough, high-profile cases who has been following Nick's story in the media. He agrees to help Nick in his defense. He gives Nick the contact information of Tommy O'Hara (Amy's second boyfriend, who was charged with sexual assault) so that Nick can ask him questions. Nick meets Tommy (Scoot McNairy) in a bar. Tommy says he and Amy dated for a while, but he could see that she was using him. He gave her some space, hoping she'd break off the relationship. One day, she seduced him, and told him she wanted rough sex. She staged a scene where she had marked her wrists and left neckties tied to the bed to make it appear he had tied her up. She went to the police, and claimed he had raped her. He pleaded guilty to a reduced charge to avoid prison time. Now he is a registered sex offender and has not been able to get a job. He warns Nick about how evil and manipulative she is. Nick later visits Desi after finding his address from a letter he wrote to Amy. After Nick asks Desi about his side of the story regarding his attempted suicide, Desi closes the door on him and walks back inside his house without confirming or denying the things she told Nick about him. At the resort, Amy plays mini-golf with Greta and her friend Jeff (Boyd Holbrook). At one point, she jumps up and drops her fanny pack full of money. Greta and Jeff notice. The next day, as Amy is cleaning the room meticulous to prepare to leave, they force their way into her room and start searching for the money. Amy threatens to call the police. Greta says that she doesn't know what she's up to, but has dyed hair and she doesn't think she's ever been hit. Greta says, "You won't call the police." They find the money under her dress, and take it. Now penniless and desperate, Amy calls the Missing Amy tip line, and reports suspicious activity at Margo's wood shed. She then places a call from a pay phone. Meanwhile, Tanner goes to Missouri to help Nick and Margo clear up Nick's image. Nick tells Tanner what he thinks has been going on with Amy, dropping clues that only he would really know. For instance, the reason he knew that the "brown house" in the treasure hunt clue was his dad's house was because they used to pretend that his dad was a spy called Mr. Brown. Nick also admits to the affair, which Tanner says he ought to tell the cops about so that it gives them one less reason to think Nick had a motivation to kill Amy. Nick later books an interview on TV with Sharon Schieber (Sela Ward) to tell his side of the story. Tanner coaches him to make him seem more likeable by having Nick admit that he's been unfaithful and dishonest, which would earn him some possible points in the media. On the day of the interview, Tanner keeps trying to get Nick to come off less smug and more genuinely upset by pelting him with gummy bears in his dressing room when Nick appears too smug or untrustworthy. At the same time, Desi meets Amy at a casino. She never mentions getting her money stolen, but she continues to play up the abused wife angle. They leave for Desi's lake house. As Nick meets Sharon, a bombshell hits the news: Andie has confessed to her affair with Nick at a press conference, with Amy's parents. Desi and Amy see the news while Sharon gets wind of it at the same time. Marybeth tells reporters that her and Rand's love for Nick has ended then and there. Desi and Amy watch Nick's interview with Sharon, while Nick is watching with Margo. Nick convincingly comes off as remorseful for the affair, but he insists that he did not kill his wife. Sharon lets him speak directly into the camera to say something to Amy. He says he loves her and mentions the woodshed (figuratively, apparently as a secret message to Amy) before putting two fingers on his chin, knowing Amy would recognize that. Margo checks the Internet and sees that Nick is trending positive with the public. Things take an unfortunate turn when Rhonda and other officers show up at Margo's home with a search warrant due to the call about the woodshed. They find all the merchandise from the credit card bill. Both Nick and Margo are taken into custody. Rhonda reads to Nick the pages of Amy's diary, which ends with "This man may truly kill me." Jim brings in the missing Judy mallet from the puppets. It has been burned in their fireplace, but traces of Amy's blood are found on it. Rhonda now has a murder weapon, and arrests Nick. He protests, but Tanner shuts him up. At Desi's home, Amy learns that Desi has security cameras installed all over the property. She is virtually a prisoner in his home. While he's out at work, she clearly stages what looks like a brutal rape. She soaks her nightgown in red wine, binds her hands and feet, then crawls to the camera, crying, making it look like she's just been raped. Nick and Margo are released on bond. The media continues to hound them on the way out, now that everyone is convinced Nick is a cold monster. Nick quietly whispers to himself, "Come home, Amy. I dare you." Amy waits for Desi to come home. She gets a wine bottle and puts it in herself to create injuries. When Desi gets home, Amy seduces him and agrees to run off with him to Greece once the trial is over. They go into the bedroom. She starts taking his clothes off, tearing his shirt open, and they start having sex. Amy demands it to be harder. Desi is caught off guard, once he gives over to the moment, lifting his head to the ceiling, Amy grabs a box cutter she concealed beneath the pillows and slashes his throat. She is drenched in his blood as he dies underneath her. She does look upset about what she's just done. Nearly a month after Amy's disappearance, Nick looks out his window and sees Amy drive up, still covered in blood. The reporters and neighbors are shocked and begin clamoring around Nick and Amy as she walks up to him. He whispers to her, "You fucking bitch", before she collapses in his arms. At the hospital, Amy is interviewed by a roomful of police and weaves a fabricated story about how Desi kidnapped and raped her before she made her heroic escape. Rhonda asks her questions about the items in Margo's woodshed, but Amy deflects the question and returns to her rape story, while also being heavily medicated on painkillers. The reporters follow her and Nick home, happy that she's alive and that Nick is now vindicated. However, Nick knows something is wrong, and asks her what really happened. Amy forces Nick to disrobe to prove he's not wearing a wire. She goes to the shower to wash off the copious amounts of Desi's blood still covering her. In the shower with Nick, she all but confesses that she framed Desi and murdered him in order to return to Nick as he had requested (and presumably also to make her return seem heroic). Nick sleeps in a separate room and locks the door behind him. Nick meets with Tanner, Margo, and Rhonda (who now trusts Nick) about this revelation, though without sufficient evidence and with everyone on Amy's side, they cannot prove that she murdered Desi. Seven weeks later. Nick and Amy make their first public appearance together at the volunteer center, posing as a happily reunited couple. They are even set to have an interview with Ellen Abbott in their home. As they are getting ready, Amy gives Nick a gift, which is a pregnancy test. It's positive. Nick first says it can't be his, and he'll demand a blood test. Then he realizes that she has retrieved his semen sample, and is using this as a ploy to keep him with her by impregnating herself. The tension escalates and he grabs her and slams her head against the wall, calling her a cunt. She tells him she's the same cunt he fell in love with. And she's the only cunt that ever made him feel like a man. Reluctantly, Nick joins Amy hand-in-hand for the interview. During the interview, Amy prods Nick and he says they're going to be parents, when Ellen appears overjoyed and hugs Amy. Margo later finds out about the pregnancy and cries for her brother, and is distraught that he plans to stay with her for the sake of the child... at least for the next 18 years. The film concludes with a similar shot as the opening, Nick stroking Amy's hair again, wondering to himself just what she's thinking. 
 The Social Network (2010)761) As Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg creates the social networking site that would become known as Facebook, he is sued by the twins who claimed he stole their idea, and by the co-founder who was later squeezed out of the business. On a fall night in 2003, Harvard undergrad and computer programming genius Mark Zuckerberg sits down at his computer and heatedly begins working on a new idea. In a fury of blogging and programming, what begins in his dorm room soon becomes a global social network and a revolution in communication. A mere six years and 500 million friends later, Mark Zuckerberg is the youngest billionaire in history... but for this entrepreneur, success leads to both personal and legal complications. Columbia Pictures Every age has its visionaries who leave, in the wake of their genius, a changed world--but rarely without a battle over exactly what happened and who was there at the moment of creation. "The Social Network" explores the moment at which Facebook was invented--through the warring perspectives of the super-smart young men who each claimed to be there at its inception. The movie moves from the halls of Harvard to the cubicles of Palo Alto to capture the heady early days of a culture-changing phenomenon in the making--and the way it both pulled a group of young revolutionaries together and then split them apart. In the midst of the chaos are Mark Zuckerberg (Jesse Eisenberg), the brilliant Harvard student who conceived a Web site; Eduardo Saverin (Andrew Garfield), once Zuckerberg's close friend, who provided the seed money for the fledgling company; Napster founder Sean Parker (Justin Timberlake), who brought Facebook to Silicon Valley's venture capitalists; and the Winklevoss twins (Armie Hammer and Josh Pence), the Harvard classmates who asserted that Zuckerberg stole their idea and then sued him for ownership of it. Each has his own narrative, his own version of the Facebook story in this multi-level portrait of 21st Century success--both the youthful fantasy of it and its finite realities as well. Columbia Pictures As told through flashbacks via deposition hearings for two concurrent lawsuits, the development and early days of the social networking website Facebook is presented. Harvard students Mark Zuckerberg and Eduardo Saverin - officially listed as the co-founders of the website - were once best friends. Based on an on-line blog about his ex-girlfriend and a site he developed allowing its users to rate the hotness factor of girls on campus, Zuckerberg, who exhibited a streak of arrogance, was asked by fellow Harvardites, wealthy twins Cameron Winklevoss and Tyler Winklevoss , and their friend Divya Narendra, to enter into an agreement to develop a social networking website specifically for Harvard students, the attraction for people to visit it being its exclusivity solely to Harvard students. Zuckerberg agreed. Zuckerberg, with financing from his friend Saverin, decided instead to develop his own website without telling the "Winklevi" (as he calls the twins) and Narenda. Zuckerberg's assertion was that he never used a line of code provided by the three in his work. As "thefacebook" as it was then called began to blossom, the twins and Narenda had to figure out what to do to regain what they believed their intellectual property without having to sue, since that's not what gentlemanly Harvardites do. As the site was brought to more and more university campuses, Zuckerberg and Saverin began to have a difference of opinion: Saverin wanted to sell ad space to generate revenue (as he had been the website's sole financier and he had profit mentality based on being an economics major), while Zuckerberg, never one interested in money, didn't want to go that route as the ads would make the site lose its "cool" factor, which made it popular. The site attracted the attention of the founder of Napster, Sean Parker, whose own dot com life had its spectacular ups and spectacular downs. As Parker ingratiated himself into Facebook's life (much to Saverin's chagrin) and as Zuckerberg began increasingly to side with Parker, Saverin slowly began to be phased out of both Zuckerberg's personal and professional life. Huggo Not very good at expressing himself in person, Mark Zuckerberg (Jesse Eisenberg) first alienates himself from his girlfriend, who feels conversing with him is like working the 'stairmaster', while taking strong exception to his condescending remarks towards her. He and his buddy, Eduardo Saverin (Andrew Garfield), plagiarize a proposed networking website from Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra, made exclusively for Harvadites - re-naming it 'The Facebook'. This site connects students, describes what drives life in college, who's single, and how to hook-up with girls. Both then are approached by Napster-fame Sean Parker (Justin Timberlake), and upon his advise, 'The' is removed - giving birth to the now-revolutionary 'Facebook' - that can be accessed by anyone worldwide - not just a few exclusive campuses. But his competitiveness, inability to communicate, and the urge to be number one, will alienate him, and result in two lawsuits - one from the Winklevoss twins - and the second from none other than Eduardo himself. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) The story of the creators of Facebook and the subsequent legal battles that stretched out over several years. Told mostly in flashbacks while Mark Zuckerman gives depositions in two lawsuits, the idea of a shareable social information site came to him one night after he hacked into his school's database and published the photos of all the women at the school. One of his roommates, Eduardo Saverin, provides the upfront financing and Zuckerman deftly outmaneuvers two other students who had a similar idea. The relationship with Saverin deteriorates and he soon finding himself on the outside looking in. All in all, an unflattering picture of all those involved. garykmcd Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In October 2003, Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg ( Jesse Eisenberg ) has the idea to create a website to rate the attractiveness of female Harvard undergraduates after his girlfriend Erica Albright ( Rooney Mara ) breaks up with him in the opening scene at a local bar after a bad date where his ego and abrasiveness brings out the worst in him. Over the course of a single night, a half-drunk Mark hacks into the databases of various residence halls, downloads pictures and names of female students and, using an algorithm for ranking chess players supplied by his best friend Eduardo Saverin ( Andrew Garfield ), he creates in a few hours a website called "FaceMash.com", where male students can interactively choose which of two girls presented at a time is more attractive. Mark is punished with six months of academic probation after the traffic to the site brings down parts of Harvard's computer network, and he becomes vilified among most of Harvard's female community. However, the popularity of "FaceMash" and the fact that he created it in one night, while drunk, brings him to the attention of Cameron Winklevoss and Tyler Winklevoss ( Armie Hammer and Josh Pence ), identical twins and members of Harvard's rowing team, and their business partner Divya Narendra ( Max Minghella ). As a result, he gains a job working for the Winklevoss twins as the programmer of their website, Harvard Connection. Soon afterwards, Mark approaches his friend Eduardo and tells him of his idea for what he calls "Thefacebook", an online social networking website exclusive to Harvard University students. He explains this would let people share personal and social information securely. Eduardo agrees to help Mark, providing a fee of $1,000 to help start the site. Once complete, they distribute the link to Eduardo's connections at the Phoenix S-K final club, and it quickly becomes popular throughout the student body. When they learn of Thefacebook, the Winklevoss twins and Narendar believe that Zuckerberg stole their idea while simultaneously stalling on their website. Cameron and Divya want to sue Mark for intellectual property theft, but Tyler convinces them they can settle the matter as "Harvard gentlemen" without resorting to the courts. A few months later, at a lecture by Bill Gates ( Steve Sires ), fellow Harvard University student Christy Lee ( Brenda Song ) introduces herself and her friend Alice ( Melise ) to Eduardo and Mark. She asks that the boys "Facebook us", which impresses both of them. The girls invite them to a bar, where they have sex in the toilet. Mark later runs into his ex-girlfriend, Erica, who is not aware of The Facebook's existence because she is not a Harvard University student. Stung by this, Mark decides to expand the site to more schools. Christy, Mark, and Eduardo later return to Mark's room where they outline the structure of the company and their plan for moving forward. By the spring of 2004, the Facebook grows in popularity, and it expands to other schools in the Northeastern United States, while the Winklevoss twins and Narendra become angrier at seeing "their idea" advance without them. Tyler refuses to sue them, instead accusing Mark of violating the Harvard student Code of Conduct. Through their father's connections they arrange a meeting with Harvard President Larry Summers ( Douglas Urbanski ), who is dismissive and sees no potential value in either a disciplinary action or in a lawsuit against Thefacebook website itself. Through Christy Lee, now Eduardo's girlfriend, Eduardo and Mark arrange a meeting with Napster co-founder Sean Parker ( Justin Timberlake ). When Christy, Mark and Eduardo meet Parker at a trendy Fusion restaurant in New York City, Eduardo becomes skeptical of the eccentric Parker, noting his problematic personal and professional history. Mark, however, is impressed with Parker since he presented a similar vision of Facebook. Although no deals are reached, Parker suggests that they drop "The" from Thefacebook to make it simply "Facebook". That summer, Mark moves the company's base of operation to Palo Alto, California at Parker's suggestion, while Eduardo remains in New York for seeking advertising support. When Eduardo visits from New York, he is angered to find that Parker is living at the house and making business decisions for Facebook. After an argument with Mark, the vindictive Eduardo freezes the company's bank account and returns to New York. Upon returning, Christy and Eduardo argue about his Facebook profile, which still lists him as "single". Christy accuses Eduardo of cheating on her and sets fire to a scarf he gave to her as a gift. While Eduardo extinguishes the fire, Mark angrily calls him on the phone about freezing the Facebook bank accounts, and reveals that they have secured money from "an angel investor" through Parker's contacts. As a result of Christy's jealousy, Eduardo ends his relationship with her. Meanwhile in England, while competing in the Henley Royal Regatta, the Winklevoss twins become outraged that Facebook has expanded to a number of universities there and they finally decide to sue Mark. Eduardo has also discovered the deal he signed with Parker's investors allows them to dilute his share of the company from a third to less than one tenth of one percent, while maintaining the ownership percentage of all other parties. He confronts his erstwhile friend Mark at his new Facebook office in downtown L.A. and announces his intention to sue him. Later that night, Parker, along with a number of Facebook interns, is arrested for possession of cocaine during a party thrown on the occasion of Facebook's 1 millionth member. It is strongly implied (but never fully explained) that Mark had anonymously tipped off the police to raid the frat house where the party was held and probably had someone plant drugs at the party to intentionally have Parker and his interns arrested to remove them from the Facebook company. In the final scene, a junior lawyer for the defense informs Mark they will be settling with Eduardo, since the sordid details of Facebook's founding and Mark's cynical personality will make a jury highly unsympathetic to him. The film ends with Mark sending a friend request to his former girlfriend Erica on Facebook, and refreshing the page every few seconds waiting for a response that never comes. Several final on-screen texts state that the Winklevoss twins agreed to a settlement of $65 million and signed a non-disclosure agreement. They later went on to row in the Beijing Olympics and arrive at sixth place. Eduardo received an unknown settlement and has his name placed back on the masthead as Facebook's Co-Founder. And that Facebook now has 500 million users in 207 countries and is valued at over $25 billion. Therefore making Mark Zuckerberg the youngest self-made billionaire in the world. 
 Zodiac (2007)431) Between 1968 and 1983, a San Francisco cartoonist becomes an amateur detective obsessed with tracking down the Zodiac Killer, an unidentified individual who terrorizes Northern California with a killing spree. A serial killer in the San Francisco Bay Area taunts police with his letters and cryptic messages. We follow the investigators and reporters in this lightly fictionalized account of the true 1970's case as they search for the murderer, becoming obsessed with the case. Based on Robert Graysmith's book, the movie's focus is the lives and careers of the detectives and newspaper people. tom day Robert Graysmith is a cartoonist who works for the San Francisco Chronicle. His quirky ways irritate Paul Avery, a reporter whose drinking gets in the way of doing his job. The two become friends thanks to a shared interest: the Zodiac killer. Graysmith steadily becomes obsessed with the case, as Avery's life spirals into drunken oblivion. Graysmith's amateur sleuthing puts him onto the path of David Toschi, a police inspector who has thus far failed to catch his man; Sherwood Morrill, a handwriting expert; Linda del Buono, a convict who knew one of the Zodiac's victims; and others. Graysmith's job, his wife and his children all become unimportant next to the one thing that really matters: catching the Zodiac. J. Spurlin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts on July 4, 1969, with the Zodiac killer's second attack. After shooting Darlene Ferrin and Mike Mageau at a lovers' lane in Vallejo, the killer calls 911, and reports his actions. Mageau survives while Ferrin dies from her injuries. Four weeks later, a letter written by the Zodiac arrives at the San Francisco Chronicle. An encrypted letter is included, as well as a demand that the newspaper publish the letter or the Zodiac will kill again. Similar demands with different encrypted letters, have also been sent to the Vallejo Times and the San Francisco Examiner. Paul Avery (Robert Downey, Jr.), a Chronicle crime reporter, soon begins to investigate for the newspaper. The encrypted letter catches the eye of the Chronicle's political cartoonist, Robert Graysmith (Jake Gyllenhaal). Eventually, the encryption is cracked by a history teacher in Salinas, California. However, there are some left-over letters that haven't been deciphered, and Graysmith begins trying to figure them out, catching Avery's attention. Along with the extra symbols, is a symbol that Avery says looks like a "gun sight." The Zodiac killer strikes again in September of 1969, confronting and stabbing Bryan Hartnell and Cecelia Shepard (Pell James) at Lake Berryessa in Napa County. Shepard dies as a result of the attack, while Hartnell survives. Zodiac then sends a new letter to the Chronicle, in which he calls man "the most dangerous game of all." Robert sparks to the line, recalling it as a line from a film, based on a book called "The Most Dangerous Game." Soon afterward, San Francisco taxicab driver Paul Stine is shot and killed in the city's Presidio Heights district. San Francisco police detectives Dave Toschi (Mark Ruffalo) and his partner Bill Armstrong (Anthony Edwards) are assigned to the case, but the actions of the killer (whom they do not know is the Zodiac at the time), seem perplexing. It is shortly after this that the Chronicle receives a new Zodiac letter, with a piece of the cab driver's bloody shirt. The Zodiac also states in the letter, that he plans to attack city school buses. Toschi and Armstrong soon find themselves liaising with other detectives such as Jack Mulanax (Elias Koteas) in Vallejo and Ken Narlow (Donal Logue) in Napa, reviewing the evidence on Zodiac. While the SFPD was able to get a partial fingerprint from the taxi cab crime scene, Narlow tells how a ranger accidentally destroyed the Napa crime scene. However, they did find "Wing Walker" boot prints on the ground, with the footwear only able to be purchased with a Military ID. Armstrong attempts to get an interview with Michael Mageau (the survivor of the Zodiac's second killing), but is informed by Vallejo PD that he is no longer in town. The different police departments also find themselves struggling to communicate between each other, given that much of the sending of material evidence has to be done exclusively through postal mail. In their own little conversations afterwards, Avery and Greysmith, as well as Toschi and Armstrong, question the Zodiac's motives. The cab driver is his first killing that doesn't involve a couple...leading the two groups of men to believe he's trying to break his pattern. Soon afterward, the Zodiac ( or someone claiming to be him), requests to call into an early morning talk show, and speak with celebrity lawyer Melvin Belli (Brian Cox). A deep-voiced man who goes by the name of "Sam" calls in. Giving into Melvin's request to meet, Sam says to go to a church in Daly City. Melvin and the SFPD rush to the scene, but Sam is a no-show, and it is soon revealed that the caller was someone from a mental institution. Even Bryan Hartnell (the survivor of the Zodiac's third killing), confirms the voice does not belong to the man he encountered at Lake Berryessa. Another letter soon arrives at the Chronicle, taunting the police, and including instructions for creating an explosive device. It is after this that Avery and Graystone have a conversation about their interest in the letters. Graystone explains his liking of puzzles, that made the challenge to solve the Zodiac's ciphers intriguing. He also tells of a number of different codes he found that were included in the letters...including one referred to as "the Zodiac alphabet." The Zodiac sends a letter to Melvin Belli for Christmas of 1969, and through the Spring and Summer of 1970, sends a number of letters to the Chronicle, once again taunting the police, and claiming responsibility for a number of incidents. The Chronicle soon decides to stop publishing the letters, once Avery calls into question just how truthful the Zodiac is. Paul also confides to Graysmith, that the "gun sight" symbol on the letters, appears to have been copied from the symbol for the Zodiac brand of watch. Avery writes a number of unflattering stories about the Zodiac, and is "rewarded" for this with a personal letter from the Zodiac, along with a piece of the cab driver's bloody shirt. Paul attempts to find out more about the Zodiac, and meets with an unspecified source in Riverside, California. From this, Avery believes he has found evidence of the Zodiac's first murder victim (predating the 1969 shooting of Darlene Ferrin and Mike Mageau). This sends Toschi and Armstrong to Riverside to investigate. The evidence seems similar, but they rule out it being an exact match to their killer. However, Paul Avery's stories convince much of the viewing public, infuriating Toschi. Avery's article soon brings all sorts of people to Toschi and the SFPD, many of them claiming to know the Zodiac's identity. Of all the interviews, one about a man named Arthur Leigh Allen (John Carroll Lynch), sounds very promising. Toschi, Armstrong and Mulanax then go to question Arthur, though turn up nothing concrete. They interview several of Arthur's family, who turn over handwriting samples for study. However, handwriting expert Sherwood Morrill's review of the letters, shows no connections. Eventually, Toschi and is told by Arthur's family that he has moved to Santa Rosa. A warrant is issued by the Santa Rosa PD, and Toschi and Armstrong search Arthur's trailer. They find a number of weapons, and soon confront Arthur when he arrives home. However, after getting a new handwriting sample and checking his prints, nothing of Arthur's matches any of the information on file for Zodiac, infuriating Toschi that his best lead didn't pan out. Trying to unwind, Toschi and his wife go to see the film "Dirty Harry." After it ends, Toschi meets Graysmith in the lobby. Robert assures Toschi that he'll catch the Zodiac, but Toschi seems very unsure. Four years later, it is 1975. In that time, Graysmith has remarried, and has restarted having a family. Paul Avery meanwhile, has had his sanity take a nose-dive, quitting the Chronicle and going to work for the Sacramento Bee. Dave Toschi is thrown for a loop when his partner Bill Armstrong tells him he is quitting homicide, and moving over to the fraud department. Throughout this time, the Zodiac has been silent. When Graysmith's wife Melanie (Chlo Sevigny) mentions all the Zodiac stuff he's collected over the years, Robert visits Paul, and tells him about wanting to write a book about Zodiac. However, Robert's hopes are dashed when Paul tells him that he no longer has any of his stuff on the killer, and chastises the curious man. Robert next inquires to Dave Toschi. Though Toschi claims he can't help Robert, he quietly tells him to inquire to Ken Narlow in Napa. Narlow allows Robert to look through the Napa Police's evidence on the case Darlene Ferrin and Mike Mageau. Robert then tells Toschi that Darlene seemed to have a number of admirers, and it's possible the person who is the Zodiac, may have been one of them. Plus, there were suspicious phone calls with heavy-breathing on the line, made to a number of Darlene's relations on the night she was murdered, further making Graysmith believe the killer knew her. Robert claims he needs to find Darlene's sister, but Toschi also recommends he inquire to Melvin Belli. Robert pays the lawyer a visit, and in an interesting discussion with one of his housekeeper's, is informed that the Zodiac talked to her. Mr Belli was not home, and the Zodiac informed the housekeeper that he "had to kill, because it was his birthday" that day. This evidence allows Robert to narrow down the dates to December 18th through the 20th, and while Toschi recommends he check the Department of Justice for information, he doesn't get much help. It is soon after, that Robert gets a call at home, from a man who claims that the Zodiac's real name is Rick Marshall, and a man named Bob Vaughn has film canisters with evidence showing Rick is the Zodiac. Robert also goes to talk to Sherwood Morrill about fingerprints and handwriting samples. During the talk, Sherwood tells how a man named Wallace Penny, told him a man named Rick Marshall was the Zodiac, shocking Robert that the man who called him, also spoke to Sherwood! Back at the SFPD, Toschi is called in when the department receives their first Zodiac letter in four years. However, some assume that Toschi forged the letter, and the suspicions lead to him being kicked off of the homicide division. Robert attempts to speak to Toschi, but Dave refuses to answer any questions about Rick Marshall. Robert then goes up to Napa, and speaks with Ken Narlow. Narlow tells how he had interviewed Rick Marshall, but was never able to get fingerprints of handwriting samples from him. Hoping to find Marshall, Robert calls up Morrill, and gets the number of Wallace Penny. Wallace sends Robert one of the posters he claims Rick drew for a silent movie house. Morrill examines it, and sees some small similarities to Zodiac, but needs more information to review. By now, the case has consumed Robert's life. He loses his job at the Chronicle, and his wife takes the kids and leaves, fearful that the Zodiac may target their family. Someone has also been calling Robert's phone number, breathing heavily, and hanging up. Robert continues trying to track down Darlene Ferrin's sister Linda for help, but also inquires to a Bob Vaughn for help. Vaughn knew Rick Marshall as a theater projectionist a long time ago, though when Robert mentions the posters they are looking through for evidence, Bob claims that he drew all the posters, not Rick. Robert quickly leaves the premises, unsure what to think now. Robert soon after goes to visit Darlene's sister Linda, who is in prison. Robert asks her about a "painting party" that he heard of, where there was a man who was making Darlene feel uneasy. Robert is convinced this was Rick Marshall, but Linda claims it was not a person named Rick...it was some man named "Lee." Robert is convinced that this is Arthur Leigh Allen, and quickly rushes to Toschi's place in the middle of the night to tell him, and the former homicide detective finally relents for a meeting. The two go to a diner, where Robert points out a number of things that could link Arthur to the Zodiac, but Toschi claims all he has is circumstantial evidence. Some even suspected that the Zodiac was someone Darlene may have known, and Arthur lived close to her place of business. Though Toschi claims he can't prove any of what Robert has revealed, he encourages him to finish his book on the Zodiac. The time then cuts to December of 1983. Robert walks into a hardware store in Vallejo and finds himself face-to-face with Arthur Leigh Allen. No words are exchanged, before Graysmith exits the store. Eight years later, in 1991, Mike Mageau meets with authorities, and is shown a number of mugshots. When he is questioned on which of the men could most likely be the Zodiac, he points out Arthur Leigh Allen. In the closing credits, we are given the following information: Arthur Leigh Allen died of a heart attack in 1992, before he could be questioned further by the police. A DNA test conducted in 2002, did not match a partial sample gathered from one of the Zodiac letters. Dave Toschi retired from the San Francisco Police Department in 1989, and was later cleared of the charges that he had forged the 1978 Zodiac letter. Paul Avery passed away in December of 2000, from pulmonary emphysema. Robert Graysmith still lives in San Francisco with his children. The mysterious phone calls he received, also ended around the same time that Allen died. 