nm0009989:

 Fun with Dick and Jane (2005)431) When an affluent couple lose all their money following a series of blunders, they turn to a life of crime to make ends meet. And just like that, Globodyne Corporation--the big media institution where the affluent suburbanite and the company's Vice President, Dick Harper, works--collapses in a grand scandal, Enron-style. To make matters worse, in the worst possible time, Dick's stressed-out travel agent wife, Jane, decides to quit her job--and if this isn't enough--their savings are gone, and nothing can stop Dick and Jane's downward spiral. Now, after a series of failed attempts to keep a job, the desperate and impoverished couple has only one method to stay afloat: to summon up the nerve and steal their way out of misery. However, are Dick and Jane cut out for a life of crime? Nick Riganas The day before Globodyne's stock tanks, a la Enron, and its pension fund evaporates, the corporation's CEO and CFO set up middle manager Dick Harper to be the public face of the disaster. Jobless, and with no savings, pension, or home equity, Dick and his wife Jane sink slowly into poverty. He looks for work (as do all former Globodyne executives); he even tries day labor with the relatives of their Mexican nanny. A foreclosure notice sends Dick and Jane over the edge into a life of blue-collar crime. Then, as things finally look up, the report of an looming indictment pushes Dick and Jane toward a denouement with the real criminals, the white-collar guys. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In January 2000, Dick Harper (Jim Carrey) has been promoted to Vice President of Communications for the large media corporation Globodyne. The next day, he is asked on a television program in which host Sam Samuels and presidential candidate Ralph Nader call Dick and the company's employees "perverters of the American dream" and claim it helps the super-rich get even wealthier. As they speak, Globodyne's stock value falls rapidly; it and its employees' pensions, which are in Globodyne's stock, are soon worthless. Dick arrives home, where his wife Jane (Ta Leoni) tells him that she has quit her job as a travel agent after his promotion to spend more time with their son Billy. Dick breaks the news of the company's failure over the family's dinner, instantly alarming Jane. Despite his attempts, Dick is unable to get another V.P. job; Jane tells him the couple face bankruptcy because their assets are composed entirely of now-worthless Globodyne stock. After accepting the prospect of being poor, Dick and Jane apply for low-paying jobs. After being fired from all local businesses and having their utilities cut off, they are forced to sell off their possessions and take off-the-books jobs to make ends meet; the latter of which leads to Dick being mistakingly deported to Mexico when INS agents raid the factory he is working at. Finally, after receiving 24 hours notice of eviction from their home, they decide to turn to crime. Dick decides to rob a local convenience store but loses his nerve due to the large clerk at the register. After several failed attempts, they rob a head shop. They begin nightly robbing sprees and become more professional; they have soon stolen enough money to pay back the mortgages on their house and car, both of which were about to be repossessed. For their final crime, Dick and Jane decide to rob a local bank by using a crafty and low-key approach during business hours. Dick arrives at the bank in disguise as a businessman with a fake beard and eyeglasses while Jane, in disguise as a grey-haired lady, causes a diversion by feigning a fainting spell to draw attention to herself. Dick then lifts the bank president's master key while he is attending to Jane, and uses it to go into the vault and to quietly walk out with some of the cash in his briefcase; all goes as planned until another couple who used to work for Globodyne, Oz (Carlos Jacott) and Debbie Peterson (Stephnie Weir), make an amateurish attempt to rob the bank by an armed robbery. The Petersons are quickly arrested; Dick and Jane take advantage of the hysteria to evade the police, but fail to steal any money. That evening, after watching news footage of the arrests of the Petersons and of other former Globodyne employees who turned to crime to make ends meet, Dick and Jane Harper decide to give up their life of crime, but Dick finds he is to be indicted for his unwitting role in Globodyne's demise. At the local bar, Dick encounters Frank Bascombe (Richard Jenkins), the former CFO of Globodyne, who is drunk and guilt-ridden. Frank tells Dick the company's crooked CEO Jack McCallister (Alec Baldwin) diverted all of Globodyne's assets and dumped the entire stock, thus ruining the company and its employees while escaping with a $400-million fortune. Frank, who is about to go to prison after a failed attempt to expose McCallister's crimes, has received a $10 million bribe from McCallister in exchange for his silence. After learning about McCallister's scheme, Dick, Jane and Frank decide to take revenge. Frank tells them McCallister plans to transfer his $400 million in bearer bonds to an offshore account. Dick and Jane must intercept the transfer from inside the bank and substitute a fake form, transferring the funds to an account Frank has established. McCallister checks the account number on his transfer and demands it is redone. Dick confronts McCallister and demands that he signs a blank check. Knowing Dick's threats are empty, McCallister writes him a check for $100 and leaves the bank. Dick tells Jane that was his contingency plan; Jane, an art major, can now forge McCallister's signature. The next day, McCallister is mobbed by reporters and former Globodyne employees, all praising him for his generosity. Dick appears, and as McCallister's vice president, hands him a prepared statement, which McCallister reads on live television. McCallister is shocked to announce that he has transferred $400 million to a trust fund to support Globodyne's defunct pension plan in gratitude to his former employees. Dick and Jane lead the cheers from the crowd, while McCallister faces them, unable to expose the two without revealing his own crimes. A news report later shows Dick and Jane delivering pension fund checks to former Globodyne employees, including the now-imprisoned Petersons, while reporting that McCallister's net worth has been reduced to around $2,000. One year later, Dick's family drive a rusty old Volkswagen into the sunset. While Billy is teaching his parents Spanish words, a Bentley containing Dick's friend Garth (John Michael Higgins) approaches. Garth tells Dick he has a new job at a company called Enron. 
 Californication (20072014)321) A writer tries to juggle his career, his relationship with his daughter and his ex-girlfriend, as well as his appetite for beautiful women. Hank Moody- a self loathing, narcissistic author struggles to overcome writer's block while balancing his occasional drug use, alcoholism, and borderline sex addiction all the while trying to get back together with his girlfriend and raise his teenage daughter. ZachMichalik Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. I started seeing this show from the start when it was already in its 4th season............and now i am cursing myself for being this late to a party that is turning out to be simply awesome. Californication is the story of a down-in-the-dumps writer, moved out of his favorite city (NY) to LA, by the love for his wife (to whom he was actually never married) and his daughter. And what follows next is a laugh riot, sex, nudy shows and much more, that is sure to keep on entertaining viewers of all age and sex. 
 Angels (2005 Video)Summaries A rookie angel thinks he can save the soul of a human who's about to die, if they can find just one person who loves him. Unfortunatley, the guy is a total jerk. A story of transcendence --Wings of Desire in Irish jig-time. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Spanglish (2004)431) A woman and her daughter emigrate from Mexico for a better life in America, where they start working for a family where the patriarch is a newly celebrated chef with an insecure wife. Flor Moreno, an impecunious single mother of one, emigrates to Los Angeles from Mexico in high hopes of creating a better life for her twelve-year-old daughter, Cristina. However, after landing a job as a housekeeper for the laid-back gourmet chef, John Clasky, and his well-to-do family, Flor will find herself up against a daunting language barrier, and Deborah, John's troubled wife. Little by little, as Flor struggles to start afresh, and of course, learn English, an inevitable cultural collision is at hand; moreover, a burgeoning romantic affection starts to take over. Will John and Flor ever bridge the linguistic divide? Nick Riganas When a Mexican mother and her daughter come to the United States, the mother, Flor Moreno, gets a job as a maid at the home of a successful chef John Clasky, his insecure wife Deborah, their two children, and Deborah's mother. Despite Flor's lack of an English language vocabulary, she tries the best she can to assist the Clasky family in more than just house cleaning matters. However, when Flor is forced to live with the family over the summer, she has no choice but to bring her daughter, Christina along. Deborah, much to Flor's disliking, treats Flor's daughter much like her own and at the same time she hurts the feelings of her own daughter, Bernice, as well as Flor. When John's dreams begin to unravel, he begins to feel like his whole world is coming down around him, but with the love of his children and with the help of Flor, he finds himself trying to get through it all. Flor's daughter Christina, through which this story is told in a college letter to Princeton University, serves as a translator for the beginning of the film, but after Flor breaks the communication bridge by learning to speak English, Christina must learn that things come and go in life, but family is the most important thing a person can have. thexotherxchris Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Cristina Moreno applying to Princeton University. She tells the story of her childhood in her college essay. Flor Moreno (Paz Vega) is a poor, Mexican single mother who is hired as the housekeeper for John (Adam Sandler) and Deborah Clasky (Ta Leoni), their kids Bernice (Sarah Steele) and Georgie (Ian Hayland), and Deborah's alcoholic mother Evelyn Wright (Cloris Leachman), a rich American family in Los Angeles. John is head chef at a popular restaurant, Deborah is a former businesswoman turned stay-at-home mother, and Evelyn is a former jazz singer. Flor speaks very little English. She does not mention that she has a daughter, Cristina (Shelbie Bruce). John, Evelyn, Georgie and Bernice are very likeable; Deborah, however, is uptight, her behavior often upsetting both households. Summer comes and Flor is needed 24/7 at the Claskys' summer home. Unable to communicate well in English, Deborah finds a neighbor to interpret. Flor reveals that she is unable to maintain these hours because she has a daughter, so Cristina is invited to come stay with them. Cristina interprets for her mother. She impresses Deborah, who begins to treat her like a daughter, taking Cristina shopping, getting her hair done, enrolling her in a private school, and showing her more love than she does the sensitive Bernice. Flor becomes unhappy when it appears that Cristina is influenced by Deborah, in part because she wants Cristina to keep in touch with her Mexican roots and working-class values, and partly because Deborah is overstepping her bounds. Flor objects to Deborah's actions to John, who apologizes. Flor loses her temper when she finds out that John has given Cristina over $600 in cash for a minor task. She threatens to leave but John convinces her to stay for Cristina's sake. Flor begins to learn English so she can communicate better. She becomes closer to John, who is having difficulty with Deborah's self-centered behavior. The now-sober Evelyn realizes that her daughter is having an affair and that her marriage is in trouble. She pleads with Deborah to end the affair, telling her she'll never get another man as good as John. Deborah confesses to John that she cheated on him. John walks out and gives Flor a ride in his car. They go to his restaurant, where he cooks for Flor and they enjoy the "conversation of their lives," feeling love for one another. Flor quits and takes her daughter home, upsetting Cristina, who got along well with the Claskys. On their way home, she tells Cristina that she can't go to the private school anymore either, upsetting Cristina even more; she screams in the middle of the street that Flor can't do this to her and that her life is ruined. Flor loses patience with Cristina after she asks her mother for space. Flor explains to her daughter that she must answer the most important question of her life, at a very young age: "Is what you want for yourself to become someone very different than me?" Cristina considers this on their bus ride home, and they make up and embrace. The film ends with Cristina as an adult, years later, acknowledging that her life rests firmly and happily on the simple fact that she is her mother's daughter. 