nm0005028:

 Almost Famous (2000)541) A high-school boy in the early 1970s is given the chance to write a story for Rolling Stone magazine about an up-and-coming rock band as he accompanies them on their concert tour. The early 1970s. William Miller is 15-years old and an aspiring rock journalist. He gets a job writing for Rolling Stone magazine. His first assignment: tour with the band Stillwater and write about the experience. Miller will get to see what goes on behind the scenes in a famous band, including the moments when things fall apart. Moreover, for him, it will be a period of new experiences and finding himself. grantss Set in 1973, it chronicles the funny and often poignant coming of age of 15-year-old William, an unabashed music fan who is inspired by the seminal bands of the time. When his love of music lands him an assignment from Rolling Stone magazine to interview the up-and-coming band Stillwater -- fronted by lead guitar Russell Hammond and lead singer Jeff Bebe William embarks on an eye-opening journey with the band's tour, despite the objections of his protective mother. Jwelch5742 William Miller is a 15-year-old kid hired by Rolling Stone magazine to tour with and write about Stillwater, an up and coming rock band. This wonderfully witty coming-of-age film follows William as he falls face first to confront life, love, and lingo. Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens with William Miller (Michael Angarano), living at home with his mother Elaine (Frances McDormand) and his sister Anita (Zooey Deschanel) in San Diego, California. While William gets along well with his mother and sister separately, both of the women in his life are at odds with each other. Elaine struggles to keep some form of control over Anita, who feels that her mother is too overbearing and controlling. During this time, it is revealed to William that his Mom skipped him ahead 2 grades, as all his classmates around him are 13, and he's 11. William's life also is thrown for a loop when his sister Anita decides to leave home to become a stewardess, in order to escape from her Mom. After she leaves, William finds that Anita has left him her record collection. Her collection ends up having a major impact on William. By the time he turns 15, William (Patrick Fugit) has become interested in rock music and journalism, writing for several underground newspapers, and Creem Magazine, edited by one of his idols, famed rock writer Lester Bangs (Philip Seymour Hoffman). One day, William encounters Lester in San Diego, and the two discuss rock music and journalism. Even though Lester claims the industry is destroying the genre and rock journalism is not a stable thing, he sees a determination in William to succeed, and requests he interview Black Sabbath, who are set to play at the San Diego Sports Arena. William attempts to get in, but is rebuked by the doorman at the arena. Unsure what to do, he meets a group of girls who call themselves Band-Aides. William is introduced to their leader, Penny Lane (Kate Hudson), who explains their philosophy, of how they are not groupies but are there to support the music. Shortly thereafter, William manages to get into the arena when he meets the opening act for the night: the band Stillwater. Complimenting them on their sound and musical talent, they invite William to join them backstage. During this time, William ends up interviewing them, with the bulk of the interview coming from member Jeff Bebe (Jason Lee). William ends up watching the concert from side-stage, as the band opens for Black Sabbath, performing the song "Fever Dog." After the show, Lead guitarist Russell Hammond (Billy Crudup) invites William to meet them at the Continental Hyatt House in Los Angeles, and tells William that they'd like Penny Lane to come along. William informs Penny and as they exit the sports arena, she gives him her contact information, and tells him of her life's goal: she plans to live in Morocco for one year. A few days later (unknown to his mother), William sneaks off to Los Angeles with Penny, where they meet up with the band at the Hyatt House (nicknamed 'The Riot House'). It is here that William sees there may be some chemistry going on between Russell and Penny. He also is introduced to Polexia Aphrodesia (Anna Paquin), and Vic Munoz (Jay Baruchel). A few days later, William gets a call from Ben Fong-Torres (Terry Chen) of Rolling Stone magazine. William disguises the fact that he's 15 years old, and pitches his voice lower. Fong-Torres compliments him on his work, and asks William about any bands he'd like to cover. William suggests Stillwater, and soon joins the band on the road, traveling with the Band-Aides on the band's bus (named Doris), much to the horror of his mother, who fears that this will interfere with his school work & derail Williams' future. Along the way, a number of incidents happen to which William is privy: At an outdoor stage event, Russell is electrocuted, sending the band scrambling from the venue, much to the anger of the show's promoter. The band trashes the trailer provided by the promoter, who seems unconcerned about Russell's injury. When the promoter has the arena gates locked, the band has their driver crash the bus through them to escape. -Jeff Bebe gets into a heated row with Russell when the band's first t-shirts arrive, and Russell is the only recognizable person in the band while everyone else is out of focus. The argument is indicative of the problems that have been plaguing the band for an indeterminate time - Russell feels his talent has allowed him to grown beyond the band's limits and Jeff feels Russell is overshadowing his bandmates. -Following the argument, Russell and William end up at a house party in Topeka, KS, where he drops acid and climbs up on a rooftop, proclaiming to be a 'golden god.' (Moments later he jumps off the roof into the swimming pool.) William calls Dick, who comes to the house & convinces Russell to return to the band. -The record company sends a renowned band manager named Dennis Hope (Jimmy Fallon) to replace their current manager, Dick Roswell (Noah Taylor). The band is apprehensive, but give in to Dennis' grand plan for the band to make more money, turning them away from their philosophy of playing 'for the fans.' Dennis is also instrumental in adding more tour dates, getting the band better treatment from concert promoters and stage managers, and the band ditches their beloved tour bus 'Doris' in favor of an airplane. As the tour winds down, William is able to interview almost everyone, but still is not able to get his key interview with Russell. What should have been a simple task becomes mind-numbing, as William is swept up with the tour, causing him to field questions from Ben Fong-Torres about the story, and rousing the ire and worry of his mother (who in one of her classes, proclaims: "rock stars have kidnapped my son"). One night while he talks to his mother, Russell seizes the phone from William and tries to reason with Elaine, who immediately cuts through Russell's charm and lectures him on being more responsible, however respectfully. Russell is somewhat shaken by the conversation. At one of the stops, William is privy to a poker game, in which Dick and Russell wager Penny Lane and the Band-Aides in a game without Penny or the girls knowing. The girls must leave the tour before they arrive in New York where Russell's wife will meet the band. The band Humble Pie ends up "winning" them, and pays Dick and Russell $50 and a case of Heineken beer. William tries to put this out of his mind, but upon hearing how Penny seems to have stepped over the line of supporting the band and fallen for Russell, tells her about the bargain Russell and Dick struck. The news has a devastating effect on Penny, however she takes it good-naturedly at first, asking "What kind of beer?" she & the girls were wagered for. The girls do not accompany the band to New York, but upon getting to the hotel where the band is staying, William runs into Vic, who tells him that Penny Lane is staying at the Plaza Hotel, under the name Emily Rugburn. William then gets a call from Jann Wenner, chief editor of Rolling Stone and Fong-Torres, telling him that the band will grace the cover of their next issue, and that he is permitted to share this news with the band. At a restaurant in New York, this news is met with enthusiasm by the band. However, Russell's girlfriend, Leslie (Liz Strauber) sees Penny in a nearby corner watching Russell. Dick goes over to talk with Penny, who rushes off. William takes off after her and finds her in the Plaza Hotel, where she has overdosed on Quaaludes. William manages to keep Penny conscious until the doctors get there, and after pumping her stomach to get the pills out, Penny and William go for a walk through Central Park, where she tells William the story behind her real name, 'Lady Goodman,' proclaiming that he now knows 'all her secrets.' After their stroll, William takes Penny to the airport, where she flies home to San Diego. William joins the band on the plane as they fly to a new venue. Everyone questions where William went in the middle of dinner the previous night, but he is hesitant to tell them what happened. Suddenly, the plane is caught in the edge of a storm, violently shaking everyone around. Feeling like the plane may crash or break up at any moment, everyone begins to reveal secrets. Dennis reveals that he once hit a man with a car and kept on driving, not taking responsibility for the accident. Dick reveals that he took more money than his regular fee, claiming 'he knew he earned it.' Jeff reveals that he slept with Dick's wife after they broke up, and also slept with Leslie. Two more in the band also reveal they slept with Dick's wife. Jeff, in a moment of rage at Russell, reveals his true anger at Russell, and tells Leslie that Russell had been sleeping with Penny. William, angered at how the band treated Penny, finally tells them what happened to her, and proclaims his love for her. Ed Vallencourt (John Fedevich), who has been silent for some time, finally comes out of the closet. After Ed speaks, the plane makes it through the weather, and everyone stays silent, not speaking for the remainder of the trip. When the plane lands, Russell tells William, that he can write whatever he wants in regards to the band. Exhausted, William reports to Rolling Stone's headquarters in San Francisco, armed with his notes, but still without his key interview with Russell. The editors are astonished to see that William is so young and their fact-checker rants about his notes, saying that they're so disorganized that she'll have a difficult time doing her job. William asks for a single night to finish the piece, and calls Lester Bangs, who tells him to be honest and truthful, suggesting that William shouldn't have allowed himself to befriend the band. The story that William types reveals everything, including Russell's 'golden god' speech and the airplane confessions. Once the band is contacted by Rolling Stone's fact-checker (Erin Foley), the band denies 90% of the story, and William is sent back to San Diego. At the airport, he runs into his sister Anita. Anita offers to take William on an adventure to anywhere... but the only place he wants to go is home. Anita joins William and they go to their home where Anita and Elaine reconcile and William crashes in his own bed. Sometime after, as Stillwater is going their separate ways, one Band-aide whom Penny knows named Sapphire (Fairuza Balk) meets up with Russell, chastising him for what happened to Penny as well as his ruining Williams' story. Nearby, some new groupies are mingling with the band. Sapphire comments how the new girls are not really fans, seeing as they don't love the music, are only into sex without birth control & eat the best food the caterers offer. After talking to Sapphire, Russell is compelled to call Penny and apologize, requesting to meet her. Penny gives him an address, but it is not until he arrives there that he realizes she has given him William's address. Russell first meets Elaine, whom allows him to talk with her son after telling him sternly that William is a fine young man and a trustworthy friend. Russell explains that he retracted his statement to Rolling Stone, confirming that the story was true. William then takes the opportunity to get what he never could before: a one-on-one interview with Russell about what he loves about music. Russell eagerly agrees and tells William that he loves "everything" about music. The film then ends with a montage of different clips that play over Led Zeppelin's "Tangerine": Stillwater goes back on tour, with their old bus 'Doris' as their main mode of transportation (with their 1974 tour called the 'No More Planes Tour'). Russell and Bebe have reconciled. William sits down to breakfast with Anita and his mother, who have reconciled. Finally, we see Penny at an airplane ticket counter, fulfilling her decision to go to Morocco. 
 How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days (2003)55) Benjamin Barry is an advertising executive and ladies' man who, to win a big campaign, bets that he can make a woman fall in love with him in 10 days. Benjamin Barry is an advertising executive competing with two female co-workers for a major campaign for a diamond merchant. He cuts a deal with his competitors that the account is his if he can make a woman of their choice fall in love with him in 10 days. In comes Andie Anderson who, in turn, is writing a story on how to lose a guy in 10 days as a bet with her boss to be allowed to write more substantial stories. With a hidden agenda in each camp, will either party be able to complete their mission? Peter Brandt Nielsen Benjamin Barry is an advertising executive and ladies' man who, to win a big campaign, bets that he can make a woman fall in love with him in 10 days. Andie Anderson covers the "How To" beat for "Composure" magazine and is assigned to write an article on "How to Lose a Guy in 10 days." They meet in a bar shortly after the bet is made. Moe A ladies man bet his friends that he can get a woman to fall in love with him in 10 days, but unbeknownst to him, the woman he's dating is actually a magazine columnist working on a new column called "How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days", and she's doing everything she could to drive the guy she's dating crazy. Benjamin, an ad executive, is trying to land a big account, only his boss thinks that it needs a feminine touch, so he considers giving it to a couple of female execs. Benjamin makes a wager with them that if he can get a woman to fall in love with him he gets the account. He lets the female execs choose the girl. They choose Andie, a writer for Composure magazine whom they had met earlier and learned she is doing an article called "How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days". Knowing that she's going to be impossible, they don't tell him that. Ben tries his best to woo her while she does her best to drive him away. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fool's Gold (I) (2008)321) A new clue to the whereabouts of a lost treasure rekindles a married couple's sense of adventure -- and their estranged romance. Benjamin Finnegan is a deep-sea treasure hunter certain he's onto the find of the century in waters near an island close to Key West owned by a murderous rap star to whom Ben is in debt. Ben's flat broke and recently divorced from Tess, his long-time research and diving partner whom he still loves. She's nearby, working as a steward aboard the yacht of Nigel Honeycutt, a multimillionaire. The rapper has hired a rival treasurer hunter. Can Ben convince Nigel to bankroll his search, convince Tess to work with him, keep the rapper and his thugs at bay, and find a Spanish treasure hidden for centuries and rich beyond imagination? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Benjamin "Finn" Finnegan ( Matthew McConaughey ) is a treasure hunter looking for a treasure from a Spanish galleon known as the Aurelia, that was lost at sea with the 1715 Treasure Fleet. In his search to find the treasure, his wife, Tess ( Kate Hudson ), divorces him. Tess has been working as a steward on a huge yacht owned by multi-millionaire, Nigel Honeycutt ( Donald Sutherland ). Finn finds a clue to the location of the treasure and manages to get on Honeycutt's yacht The Precious Gem and convince him, his daughter, Gemma ( Alexis Dziena ), and Tess to join him in searching for the treasure. A local gangster named BiggBunny ( Kevin Hart ) and Finn's mentor, Moe Fitch ( Ray Winstone ), are intent on finding the treasure first. The Precious Gem and Moe's vessel compete to find the treasure in The Bahamas. As Finn attempts to secretly take down Moe's search grid, Finn discovers a sword which is a clue to finding the treasure. Finn and Tess follow the clues to an ancient church and discover a diary describing the location of the treasure. BiggBunny and his associates, who have been following Finn and Tess, take Tess hostage and assume (incorrectly) that Finn was killed. BiggBunny forces Tess to aid him in the search for the treasure in a blowhole, the location revealed in the diary. Tess finds the treasure in a cave beneath the blowhole. Meanwhile, Finn and the Honeycutts enlist the help of Moe in taking the treasure out of BiggBunny's hands. They arrive as BiggBunny sends one of his associates back in to the water to find out who was killed in the blow hole. The blowhole kills BiggBunny's employee and traps Tess and Finn. Finn saves Tess only to have BiggBunny kidnap her from him again. Tess is kidnapped and is completely unconscious. Gemma gets Finn to BiggBunny's plane on her jet ski and Finn leaps on the plane's pontoon as the plane takes off. As BiggBunny attempts to shoot Finn, Tess's eyes start rolling and she wakes up and kicks BiggBunny out of the plane and sends him into the ocean. The final BiggBunny henchman is taken prisoner by Moe (after he has shot Moe in the leg with a speargun). Finn and Tess are reunited and save the treasure together and Tess is shown pregnant. Finn, Tess, Nigel, Gemma, Moe and those who contributed in helping or finding the treasure open a museum displaying all of their finds. 
 Bride Wars (2009)431) Two best friends become rivals when they schedule their respective weddings on the same day. In Manhattan, the lawyer Liv and the school teacher Emma have been best friends since their childhood. They both are proposed to by their boyfriends on the same day and they plan their wedding parties in Plaza Hotel, using the services of the famous Marion St. Claire. However, due to Marion's secretary's mistake, their weddings are scheduled for the same day. None of them agrees to change the date and they become enemies, trying to sabotage the wedding party of the rival. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Since childhood, when they were only wide-eyed little girls, best friends Emma and Liv have been planning down to the smallest detail their magnificent future weddings. Patiently, sharing the same dream of having a June wedding at New York City's idyllic Plaza Hotel for almost twenty years, the girls will finally see their fantasy come true; however, when both nuptials are inadvertently scheduled for the same day, a full-scale war will break out. They say all is fair in love and war, but can a single mistake turn the once dear BFFs into best rivals forever? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with a montage of shots of wedding items from a scrapbook box then a voice over from Candice Bergen tells the story of two girls (Emma and Liv) who went to the Plaza Hotel with their mothers for lunch in June and saw a wedding. They then fell in love with the idea of having their weddings in June at the Plaza when they got older. One of the things they picked up at the wedding was a hair barrette, which was dropped by the bride. Emma and Liv started a scrapbook box of wedding items including the barrette and even practiced getting married in their attic with Liv always acting as the bride. It then moves to present day where they are both 26. Liv (Kate Hudson) and Emma (Anne Hathaway) are shown at a wedding of a friend with their respective boyfriends Daniel (Steve Howey) and Fletcher (Chris Pratt). At the wedding they critique it and say how they would change it and then go after the bouquet and a screen shot shows their intensity of trying to get it. Candice Bergen continues to voice over about their behavior. Liv is a up and coming tough Associate lawyer who is used to getting her way and Emma is a teacher who works with a colleague, Deb (Kristen Johnston) who continually mooches her time while doing very little. That night, while Liv and Emma are going through clothes in Liv's closet they discover a Tiffany ring box, which Liv is very excited about in thinking it's an engagement ring from Daniel. Emma keeps her from opening it, and suggests she not tell anyone yet and that Daniel should see her when she opens the ring. While at the bar that night, Liv has told everyone she is engaged, including her brother, Nate (Brian Greenberg). While celebrating, Liv becomes upset and goes outside where Emma comforts her in the fact her parents are not there to see how her life has turned out. Emma and Fletcher are eating Chinese for dinner when they open their fortune cookies, where she finds an engagement ring and says yes to his proposal. She calls Liv who is happy, but also seems a bit upset she was not first in getting engaged. The next day they are running in the park and Emma says she already has an appointment the next day with premiere wedding planner Marion St Claire (Candice Bergen) as they just can't work with anyone but her. Liv then rushes to Daniel's office and asks about the ring and if they are going to get engaged. He takes the ring out of his pocket and talks about how she is always one step ahead of everyone and if she had just waited for that evening he was about to propose, so they get engaged. The next morning Liv and Emma go to Marion's office and ask about June dates at the plaza. Marion says there are three spots left, 2 on the 6th and one on the 27th. Liv takes the 6th, as it was her parents anniversary. As they are leaving, they tell the incoming bride that there is only one date left in June at the Plaza. While out dress shopping, Emma finds a Vera Wang dress which Liv then tries on and chooses. Emma has decided to wear her mother's dress. While shopping, Marion calls to tell them their weddings were booked on the same date, June 6th. They ask about switching with the other bride and then get her name from the secretary (who was fired for screwing up). They chase the bride around a department store while she is scanning for wedding gifts. Being unsuccessful, they then start to talk about who has to move their date and neither wants to compromise. Their fiancs suggest a double wedding and they don't want to share the date. As tensions begin between the two, they agree to not make any decisions until it is figured out. While Liv and Daniel are out looking at invitations, Daniel talks to Fletcher. When Emma asks about Liv, Fletcher comments they were out doing their save the date cards. Emma gets upset and sends out a mass e-mail, which is poorly typed, to her entire address book, except for Liv, telling them all to save the date of June 6th. Liv and Emma are being thrown a joint bridal shower and get into an argument over Emma's e-mail and their behavior. They both continue with their wedding planning by making deposits on their date at the plaza, ordering invitations, picking out cakes, and not speaking to each other. Their friends refuse to take sides, so they have to find maid of honors and they both start calling really old friends and cousins with no luck. Liv hires her male assistant to be her maid of honor and Emma reluctantly asks Deb who says she will then need more help at school if she is going to be her maid of honor. Liv and Emma then begin a series of pranks on each other. Liv steals Emma's dream DJ for her wedding, darkens Emma's spray tanning to make her orange, she sends an alternative dance instructor to their wedding dance lesson who runs them ragged and plans to tamper with their video at the wedding by showing one from their spring break trip. Emma sends Liv cookies and chocolate supposedly from Daniel so she will gain weight and not fit her dress, puts an unflattering photo in their hometown paper about their wedding and changes Liv's hair highlights to blue. They both continue to drive their fiancs nuts with their intensity and fighting. Emma and Fletcher seem to have the most conflict. Liv is attending her bachelorette party at a strip club with three friends when Emma shows up and steals the show with a dance off and swinging on a rope. Liv is upset to lose to Emma and drinks several shots. The next day she is very late to work and shows up with blue hair to present a brief which she has fallen behind on, her boss is unimpressed and she is removed from the case. Emma meets Nate while he is heading to get his tuxedo and he makes a comment to her that he waited around too long. Emma and Liv seem to be missing each other, as they don't have a friend to talk to. Liv sees Emma running at the park, but she can't hear her over her ipod. Emma calls Liv at work, but she does not get through to her, as her assistant can't hear her due to her office sign being moved. The big day arrives and Emma and Liv are getting ready and Emma's dad visits Liv to wish her well and tells her that her parents would be proud. Liv feels bad and decides to switch Emma's movie back to what it should be, instead of the spring break she had substituted. She asks her assistant to switch it back, but he drops the CD in the flowers on purpose so it does not get changed. Emma's Dad comes to see Emma and gives her the scrapbook box they had as girls. He takes out the barrette and puts it in her hair, but Emma says it should have been Liv's. Both girls want to see each other, but it is time for them to walk down the isle. Their eyes meet in the hallway as they are about to enter their rooms and they smile slightly. As Emma enters her ballroom, the video plays of her on spring break. She gets really mad and runs into Liv's wedding and tackles her from behind. They flight and then say they can't do this anymore. As Emma gets up, Fletcher is very mad at her for ruining their wedding and he insults Liv. Emma stands up for Liv and says she wishes she were more like Liv. Emma tells Fletcher maybe they should not get married as he fell in love with who she was 10 years ago. They break up, and he leaves. Emma then takes the barrette of her hair and puts it in Livs; she then walks Liv down the isle. At their reception, Nate asks Emma to dance. It then flashes ahead to one year later, and Emma meets Liv for breakfast. Emma has returned from her honeymoon with Nate. Liv suggests that they toast, but Emma says she is not drinking and Liv says she is not either. They are both pregnant and due on March 3. 