nm0009730:

 Everybody Dies (2009)Summaries Veteran hitman Jake Lead has second thoughts about knocking off his latest target - Nina Conrad, a tough-talking loner with lots to hide. When he tracks her down, he immediately feels an unusual connection and becomes determined to keep her alive...at any cost. Soon Jake and Nina are on the run, their need for each other growing as they lead a bloody rampage through Los Angeles. Steve Honig It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Triple Frontier (2019)431) Loyalties are tested when five friends and former special forces operatives reunite to take down a South American drug lord, unleashing a chain of unintended consequences. Five former Special Forces operatives reunite to plan a heist in a sparsely populated multi-border zone of South America. For the first time in their prestigious careers these unsung heroes undertake this dangerous mission for self instead of country. But when events take an unexpected turn and threaten to spiral out of control, their skills, their loyalties and their morals are pushed to a breaking point in an epic battle for survival. Netflix Five ex special forces soldiers turn a police operation plan into their own and rob a cocaine cartel boss of all his cash $$$ at his house in the Amazon jungle at the triple borders - Peru, Brazil and Colombia. Problems arise after the plan's initiated. Scott Filtenborg Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Santiago "Pope" Garcia works as a private military adviser in Colombia combating drug crime. While there, an informant named Yovanna asks for his help with smuggling her and her brother out of the country in exchange for information on the whereabouts of a drug lord named Lorea. Yovanna tells Pope that Lorea lives in a safe house in the jungle along with all his cash. Pope travels home to the States to recruit his old Delta Force friends to seize the money under the pretense of working for the Colombian government: Tom "Redfly" Davis, a realtor; William "Ironhead" Miller, a motivational speaker; his brother Ben Miller, a mixed martial arts fighter; and Francisco "Catfish" Morales, a former pilot. With persuasion from Pope, they decide to steal the money for themselves. The group, wanting to minimize casualties, plans to move on the house while Lorea's family is at church. They quietly subdue the guards but cannot find Lorea or the money. Pope realises that the money is in the walls, and the team finds that there is far more than they expected and rush to get as much as possible before Lorea's family and guards return. Redfly becomes consumed by the money and demands the crew continue loading it past the hard stop that he himself set until they convince him that they are out of time. With the money safely loaded in the truck, they make one last sweep for Lorea; he ambushes them and wounds Ironhead, before being killed by Pope. As the crew tends to Ironhead's wounds, and now several minutes past their getaway time, some guards return. The crew take them out, burn down the house, and escape in the van, driving by Lorea's family, who are returning from church. They meet up with Yovanna and her brother with $250 million in the van, and then rendezvous with Ironhead's old friend who provides them a private Mi-8MTV-1 transport helicopter to reach their getaway boat that would allow them to escape from South America. Catfish is skeptical that the helicopter can hold the weight of all the money at high altitudes as they have to fly over the Andes Mountains to make it to the meeting point. Unwilling to leave behind any of the money, Redfly urges Catfish to proceed. The crew takes off with the money in a net bag attached under the helicopter. They transport Yovanna into Peru with her brother. Redfly aggressively questions her knowledge of them, knowing she could link them to the robbery. Before leaving, Pope leaves Yovanna and her brother with a share of the stolen money and visas to Sydney, Australia, and urges them to leave South America as soon as possible to avoid being caught by the gangsters. As the group takes off, an unsatisfied Redfly claims that Yovanna was lying to him but Pope talks him down. Fixated on the money, Redfly becomes more and more willing to break his own rules and do whatever is necessary to escape with the money. As planned, the crew begin flying over the Andes Mountains. However as they are reaching the helicopter's maximum ceiling, one of the helicopter's gearboxes is overwhelmed and damaged due to the cargo load exceeding the maximum weight, causing their helicopter to enter a rapid descent. Unable to recover, Catfish urges the team to release the money bag to allow for a safe crash landing, which the group survives. Redfly and Pope attempt to retrieve the ditched money bag, which landed in a cocaine farm field village, by negotiating with the local farmers and villagers. Their attempts to peacefully retrieve the money fails due to a heated confrontation arising as the farmers mistake the group for DEA agents and view them as hostile upon noticing Catfish and Ben in the distance. When one of the angry farmers approaches with a machete, Redfly draws out his pistol and kills him and several others, prompting the other villagers to back down. While Catfish, Ironhead, and Benny prepare a group of mules to transport the money, Pope and Redfly compensate the village elder with some of the money before the group continues on their way. When they reach the top of the mountain and make their way down, a firefight takes place with two villagers seeking to avenge the deaths of their families. Redfly takes one of them out before being killed by the second villager, who Pope kills. After a brief argument between Ben and Ironhead, Pope urges them on stating that both Redfly's family and they themselves deserve the money at this point. They proceed towards the ocean with the money and Redfly's body. Ben scouts ahead and reports that their getaway boat is still there but the village is filled with armed teens waiting for them. While Pope initially argues that they "go through" the armed teens, the others vehemently disagree. Knowing they cannot sneak all the money through the town, they toss the money into a ravine, keeping only what they can carry in their backpacks. They attempt to quietly make their way through the town to the boat carrying Redfly's body, but are discovered. After a car chase, the team makes it to safety in the boat with $5 million and Redfly's body. Later, as the team sets up an offshore account in St. John's, a lawyer provides paperwork disseminating the funds evenly between the 4 men and Redfly's family trust. However, the guilt-ridden men each agree to give their shares to Redfly's family. Afterwards, the team go their separate ways with Pope planning to head to Australia to find Yovanna. Before leaving, Ironhead gives Pope a set of coordinates scribbled on a piece of paper, the location of the ravine in Peru where they left the money behind. 
 Bare Knuckles (2010)211) Can a determined single mom go the distance and win the tournament that could ultimately lead to a better life for her and her daughter? Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Women will go to extreme lengths for those they love and single mother Samantha Rogers is no exception. Along with her young daughter, Milla, Sam struggles to make ends meet, taking her licks as a stunt double by day and cocktail waitressing at a rowdy bar at night. When Sam uses her skills to end a bar fight between two drunk women, down and out fight promoter Sonny Cool sees an opportunity to get back into the game. He tells Sam all about the "show," a high class, underground illegal all female bare knuckle fight tournament, where brutality and elegance mix with high stakes and deception. Is the price too much for her...? Bare Knuckles..... a knockout punch of strength and determination, inspired by a true story. 
 Warrior (2002)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. WILL THE MAGIC OF AN ANCIENT CULTURE TRIUMPH OVER AN EVIL OF MODERN CIVILIZATION! March 10, 2002 LOS ANGELES TIMES THE WORLD Mexico Captures Tijuana Drug Lord Narcotics: The arrest, and the recent death of another Arellano Felix leader, could spark a power struggle within and outside the cartel. By CHRIS KRAUL, TIMES STAFF WRITER MEXICO CITY -- Declaring one of the world's most powerful drug gangs "dismantled," Mexican authorities announced the capture of Tijuana drug mobster Benjamin Arellano Felix on Saturday while confirming the death of his brother Ramon in a police shootout last month. The blows to the Tijuana cartel are significant because it is thought to control a quarter of all cocaine entering the United States from Mexico. Both brothers were on the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration's most-wanted list and carried $2-million bounties for their arrests. "Competing Mexican drug cartels are destroying each other ... and that's where 'Warrior' begins ..." ... with Mexican drug lord, Carlos Eldoran (Ron Joseph, "Navy Seals", "Barfly", "Scarface", "Born in East L. A.") ruthlessly executing an informer, then bribing the government's new anti-drug czar, General Figueroa (Hector Mercado, "Delta Force 2"), to conspire with him in the perfect partnership ... using the military to establish a drug traffic monopoly by building a secure operation deep in the remote jungles of Costa Azul. Unknowingly ... the General is about to invade the quiet and peaceful enclave of the Native American Esselen Indian Tribe who are hiding deep in the Mexican jungle ... and meet an opposing force he could never imagine ... the supernatural son of a divine force with magical powers: Dreadmon (Vincent Klyn, "Cyborg", "Point Break"), who, separated from his biological parents at birth and having discovered that he has been adopted by the Chief of the Tribe, has set off on a quest to find the secrets of his true identity. Dreadmon must use his magical powers only for good or lose his powers and feed the strength of the evil witch Mootin ... the supernatural daughter of the divine force ... if he misuses his powers. As General Figueroa's soldiers clear the jungle to build their drug manufacturing and distribution center, they invade the tranquil existence of the Esselen. Dreadmon, witnesses the execution of his adoptive father in cold blood and, contrary to the "way" he has been taught, reacts in anger and unleashes a lethal charge of electricity and fire ... driving off the soldiers ... but drawing to him the evil Mootin ... who is re-ignited with the desire to seek him out and destroy him. After an argument with his "brothers" about whether to flee or fight the soldiers, Dreadmon leaves the exotic jungle behind and enters the concrete jungle of Puerto Vallarta ... to seek help from the local "policia". The local police captain is a cartel puppet who tells Eldoran that Dreadmon is seeking help to defeat the slave raiders who have killed his father. And when Dreadmon is arrested after using his supernatural powers in a bar fight, the cartel's hit man (Matt Gallini, "End of Days," "Crimson Tide", "Rudy") bails him out and takes him to meet Eldoran, who cons Dreadmon into using his powers to destroy competing drug cartels. To see through Eldoran's deception and become the Warrior he must become to save his adopted homeland, Dreadmon must undergo an agonizing inner battle, which calls forth his own inner spirit in the form of the Midnight Sun (international rap star recording artist "Yukmouth of the Luniz"). Only when Dreadmon surrenders to the truth does he gain the strength he needs to defeat the treacherous Eldoran drug cartel ... and face the dreaded Mootin in spectacular climactic combat. "Warrior" is a richly photographed action/adventure fantasy, filmed on location in the exotic jungles of Costa Azul in the State of Nayarit and the urban grit of Puerto Vallarta in the State of Jalisco, Mexico, which matches mythological powers against modern day corruption in a unique portrayal of the classic confrontation between "good and evil". 