nm0011313:

 Undercover Blues (1993)Summaries A spy couple on maternity leave in New Orleans, entertained by a mugger named Muerte, is called in when Novacek steals explosives. A wise-cracking husband and wife team of ex-Spies arrive in New Orleans on maternity leave with their baby girl. There they are hassled by muggers, the police and their FBI boss, who wants them to do just-one-more job. Mark Logan <marklo@west.sun.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Toy (1982)431) An underemployed reporter finds himself literally purchased as a toy for a rich spoiled brat. On one of his bratty son Eric's annual visits, the plutocrat U.S. Bates takes him to his department store and offers him anything in it as a gift. Eric chooses a black janitor who has made him laugh with his antics. At first the man suffers many indignities as Eric's "toy", but gradually teaches the lonely boy what it is like to have and to be a friend. Paul Emmons <pemmons@wcupa.edu> The down-on-his-luck former journalist, Jack Brown, struggles to make ends meet working as a night janitor at the department store of the affluent business tycoon, U.S. Bates. Under those dire circumstances, the desperate-for-cash reporter will soon catch the eye of Bates' pampered son, Eric, who, without a second thought, decides to take Jack home to be his playmate, or better yet, his living toy, for a whole week. Little by little, as Jack demeans himself to pay off his mortgage, he comes to realise that underneath the boy's facade, lies a good kid in need of a real friend, but above all, an unhappy son who yearns to have a loving father who truly cares for him. Will young Eric learn that money can't buy everything? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jack Brown (Richard Pryor) is an unemployed newspaper reporter living in Baton Rouge, Louisiana who is in danger of losing his house to the bank since he and his wife, Angela (Annazette Chase), cannot make their mortgage. After numerous unsuccessful attempts to get a job working for the local paper, The Bugle, he becomes so desperate that he ends up taking a job as a "cleaning lady" for U.S. Bates (Jackie Gleason), an uptight and ruthless businessman who owns the paper and many other businesses in Louisiana. Jack is humiliated as he clumsily attempts to serve food at a luncheon. He is fired, but quickly lands a part-time job as a janitor in a department store owned by Bates. The following evening, "Master" Eric Bates (Scott Schwartz), the 10-year-old, spoiled-and-rotten, brat son of the boss, arrives home from the military academy where he attends and his father sends him to the store and he is told that he "can have anything he wants in the store". Amused at seeing Jack goof around in the store's toy section, Eric informs his father's long-suffering right-hand man, Sydney Morehouse (Ned Beatty), that what he wants is Jack Brown himself. Morehouse fails to convince Eric that human beings cannot be owned. Jack is literally "boxed up" and taken to the large Bates mansion that sits on the outskirts of the city. At first, Jack refuses to have any interaction with the brat Eric, but Bates offers him a deal: in exchange for a generous financial settlement, Jack reluctantly agrees to be Eric's live-in friend during Eric's one-week spring break from military school. Emotionally estranged from his father, Eric takes a liking to Jack but still manages to humiliate him with numerous pranks during the first day and night. After a particularly humiliating incident in the mansion incited by Bates' ditsy and floozy, much younger trophy wife Fancy (Teresa Ganzel), who literally introduces him at a dinner party as Eric's new "toy," Jack grows tired of the situation and leaves. The next day, Jack agrees to return only when U.S. Bates (with Morehouse as his proxy) offers Jack so much money to be Eric's live-in friend for one week, that Jack will not only pay back the bank and numerous bill collectors, but Jack will be able to pay back the entire mortgage on his house as well. Jack returns to the Bates estate, determined to teach Eric how a friend is supposed to be treated. Over the next several days, they slowly bond while participating in mini-cart racing, video games, and even fishing in a stream filled with piranha. Both Jack and Eric begin to open up to one another with stories about their personal lives. Jack tells Eric about him growing up poor and having to look out for oneself. Eric tells Jack about his mother's death when he was very young which his grumpy father tries to forget about by putting all his time in work and leaving no time for anything else while marrying again and again. Over time, Jack sees that Eric isn't the "bad seed" that he puts out to people, but just a mistreated and neglected boy who wants attention and whom is spoiled by his father. Used to getting things his way since all his father ever does is give him gifts and money (calling it love and affection) Eric throws fits when things do not go his way. Eric is so spoiled and hyper-competitive that he enjoys beating Jack at video games, mini-cart racing and board games a little too much. One day, when Jack begins winning at a two-person basketball game, Eric, seeing that he is losing, refuses to play anymore and walks off the court. When Jack scolds Eric for quitting because he is losing asks if he would like to tell Eric's father that he is a quitter as well as a sore loser. Eric replies with the most touching and dramatic line in the movie: "my father doesn't care what I am... as long as I stay out of his way." Another day later, Jack and Eric decide to start a newspaper of their own for fun. After witnessing multiple examples of Bates' cruelty to his housekeeping staff and workers, they dig up dirt on him, such as a story of how he won his elderly and long-suffering butler, Barkley (Wilfrid Hyde-White), in a game of billiards. Jack and Eric then break into Bates newspaper office after-hours as well as the factory to print their paper, but get discovered by the police. At a police station, Eric manages to create a diversion by setting off some firecrackers creating confusion and panic in which Jack and Eric quietly walk out of their jail cell, and out of the front door. Afterwards, Jack and Eric publish their paper, titled 'The Toy' and distribute free copies of it throughout the city. Morehouse finds a copy and, being the ever loyal toady that he is, shows it to Bates and he is outraged. Bates quickly calls Jack and Eric to his office to confront them both, but he keeps his anger in check. Bates orders Jack and Eric to shut down their paper which he sees as humiliating to him and the Bates dynasty. However, Eric is unapologetic and wants to continue the paper. To prove to his son that money can buy anything (including loyalty), Bates offers Jack a reporting job with his newspaper at the end of the week... which is what Jack wanted all along. When Jack accepts, Eric becomes upset and runs out of the office. Outside, Eric scolds Jack for selling out as all of the people that Bates does business with. Jack tells the boy that most men (especially disenfranchised African-American men such as himself) need jobs, just as his priority is to support himself and his wife. At the climax, an swanky outdoor party is held at the Bates estate, attended by prominent citizens who are supporters of a senator (Ray Spruell). They are unaware that members of the KKK are also in attendance. Jack's wife, Angela, tries to bring attention to this with her anti-Klan group that are camped on the Bates mansion in a protest demonstration, but Jack convinces her to leave. He learns the true reason for the party is to get the KKK Grand Wizard (Orwin Harvey) and Senator Newcomb together in a picture, which Bates would then use to blackmail the senator. Senator Newcomb's daughter Honey Russell (Linda McCann) is also in attendance at the party and is accompanied by her husband (Stocker Fontelieu) who is a local district attorney investing Bates for shady business deals and corruption, in which Bates is also hoping to get D.A. Russell a photo op with the Grand Wizard to blackmail him too to stop his investigation of his business activities. Jack and Eric team up one last time to disrupt the party and they crash the events on their mini go-carts where Jack announces to everyone about the Grand Wizard's identity. Jack embarrasses the Grand Wizard by causing him to fall into a bowl of chocolate fudge. The Grand Wizard throws a pie at Jack, but hits a policeman instead, leading to his arrest. Chaos ensues which leads to Jack and Eric driving their mini-carts around the party, knocking down tents, ruining displays, and people jumping out of the path of Jack and Eric's mini-carts into various desert trays which leads to a huge pie-throwing fight among the guests. Bates chases after Jack in a golf cart but ends up crashing into the pool. Jack saves him from drowning since Bates cannot swim, and it seems all is forgiven. That evening with the week up, Jack packs up and returns to his neighborhood to his wife, riding away on a bicycle while Eric sadly waves goodbye. The next day, while riding with Eric in a limousine to the airport to return to military school, Bates tries desperately to have a heart-to-heart talk with his son, but he is not very good at it. All Eric talks about is Jack and that he misses him. Bates tells Eric to forget about Jack. While on the runway to board Bates' private jet, Eric runs off, making his way to Jack's house. Jack refuses to let Eric live with him and gently admonishes Eric to give his father a chance. Bates shows up and offers the newspaper job to Jack again and promises Eric that next year for spring break he can spend one week with him and one with Jack, much to Eric's joy. After they leave, the senator's daughter, Honey Russell, shows up in another limo informing Jack that Fancy has recommended him to look after her son, Eugene, for a few weeks who is home from his own military academy on spring break. Eugene (Davis Hotard) peeks out from the top window and shoots Jack in the forehead with a toy dart... revealing that he is MORE spoiled and obnoxious then Eric. A crazed Jack runs away down the road in fear over this 'here-we-go-again' situation as the end credits roll. 
 In the Heat of the Night (19881995)44) The cases and adventures of the police forces in and around Sparta, Mississippi. Bill Gillespie is a police chief in a small town in the American South, and later becomes sheriff of the county. As Bill tries to solve crimes and catch criminals, aided by his capable investigator Virgil Tibbs and police lieutenant Bubba Skinner, he must navigate tricky small-town politics. Racial tensions often run high in the South and this theme is frequently explored. Bill's personal life is often portrayed in this TV drama, as well. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> In a continuation of the film of the same name, Virgil Tibbs returns home to Sparta, Mississippi from Philadelphia with his wife Althea for the funeral of his mother when he is offered the position of chief of detectives for the town's mostly Caucasian police force. At first there is tension between not only Virgil and Chief Bill Gillespie, but also between Virgil and Sgt. (and later Captain) Bubba Skinner. However, not only do they learn to work together, but they all eventually become very close friends against the backdrop of the "New South". Brian Washington <Sargebri@att.net> Inspired by the movie which starred Sidney Poitier and Rod Steiger. Howard Rollins and Caroll O'Connor are playing their respectively. Rollins plays Virgil Tibbs a detective from Philadelphia, who returns to his home of Sparta, Mississipi and is asked by a politician, who wants to use him as pawn to garner the black vote, if he wants to be the police department's Chief of Detectives. Of course, Bill Gillespie the Police Chief, who is played by O'Connor, has his reservations but somehow they learn to work together and quite well. Rollins who would have some problems, would not be there regularly, and would eventually be written off, as having his character become a lawyer and leave the police department. Gillespie would be removed as the Police Chief and would be replaced by Hampton Forbes, and would be named County Sheriff and would work with Forbes. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Steel Magnolias (1989)431) A young beautician, newly arrived in a small Louisiana town, finds work at the local salon, where a small group of women share a close bond of friendship, and welcome her into the fold. Pivoting around the lively Truvy Jones' Louisiana beauty parlour, a tightly-knit band of friends, confront griefs, loss, life's unforeseen tragedies and heartaches with what they do best: gossiping and sharing. The spirited diabetic and bride-to-be, Shelby; her always supportive mother, M'Lynn; Truvy's gawky assistant, Annelle; the city's curmudgeon, Ouiser; and the town's former first lady, Clairee, are the warm Southern belles who know how to survive life's challenges with their unwavering friendship. But when Shelby decides to conceive, things will turn upside down.. Nick Riganas Revolving around Truvy's Beauty Parlor in a small parish in modern-day Louisiana, this is the story of a close-knit circle of friends whose lives come together there. As the movie opens, we find Drum Eatenton shooting birds in the trees of his back yard in preparation for his daughter's wedding reception that afternoon. Shortly thereafter, M'Lynn and Shelby (Drum's wife and daughter) depart for Truvy's to get their hair done for the wedding. "Just the sweetest thing", Annelle Depuy Desoto (who may or may not be married because her marriage may not be legal) is introduced to Truvy's customers as her new "glamor technician". While in the chairs, the sour-tempered Ouiser Boudreaux shows up and entertains the assemblage with her barbs. It seems that the only one of the group who truly understands Ouiser is Clairee, who is recently widowed and looking for a diversion. As she says later in the movie, "If you can't find anything good to say about anybody, come sit by me." Filled with humor and heartbreak, these "Steel Magnolias" make us laugh and cry as the realities of their lives in tiny Chiquapin Parish unfolds. Mark Fleetwood <mfleetwo@mail.coin.missouri.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. by: poltergeist225 This heart wrenching drama is about a beauty shop, in Louisana owned by Truvy, and the tragedies of all of her clients. Shelby is a diabetic and getting married to a rich southern hunk of a lawyer. Her mother M'Lynn is bossy, but caring. M'Lynn's friends include a cast of colourful and dynamic southern women of a multitude of ages and veiws. Shelby falls pregnant, much to her mother's disapproval. A pregnancy could be fatal for someone of Shelby's condition.But claims she'd rather have thirty minutes of wonderful, than a lifetime of nothing special. Will Shelby live through this pregnancy and watch her baby grow up? Or die young and leave her mother asking why she couldn't go first. Through the views of these different women we see love, apathy, pain, loss, secrecy and a desperate attempt at living a life of happiness.Dreams built and burnt, the power of hope, the love between a mother and her child and the bond that can be so unbreakable between true friends. Their strengths will be sorely tried, their wit often stretched thin and their hearts broken. With the changing of seasons and the falling of the Steel Magnolias's ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ by miranda8625: Steel Magnolias opens to a spring day in modern Louisiana and follows a young woman walking down a residential street. The woman soon walks into a home-based salon owned by Truvy Jones (Dolly Parton). We discover that the young woman is a recent beauty school graduate, Annelle Dupuy Desoto (Daryl Hannah), who has come to answer Truvy's request to the college for a new employee. Annelle is hired immediately because this day happens to be the wedding day of Truvy's good friend, M'Lynn Eatenton's (Sally Field) daughter, Shelby Eatenton Latcherie (Julia Roberts). Shelby is a young diabetic facing a marriage that may not result in children due to her illness, and M'Lynn is Shelby's worried and protective, but loving mother. As Shelby's nuptials draw near and the salon fills with gossiping people preparing for the big event, Annelle meets not only M'Lynn and Shelby but also the other "magnolias" surrounding Truvy's salon. Truvy's other friends include Ouiser Boudreaux (Shirley MacLaine), a grouchy, two-time widow, who always looks on the negative side of life and Clairee Belcher (Olympia Dukakis), a cheerful widow, who enjoys taking cracks at Ouiser whenever possible. The women gossip throughout the year as holidays and other gatherings come and go. As time passes, Annelle goes through a divorce, a stage of rebellion, and eventually finds love in a man as well as the Bible. At Christmas, Shelby announces to everyone that she is pregnant. Shelby is thrilled, but her mother, M'Lynn, is worried that Shelby's body can't handle the stress of pregnancy. Time skips about a year and a half and picks up with everyone celebrating the first birthday of Shelby's son, Jack Jr. A shadow is soon brought upon the cast as Shelby discovers that her kidneys are beginning to fail as a result of her pregnancy. At this time, M'Lynn offers to donate a kidney to her daughter. As everyone waits to see if the surgery is successful for Shelby, the "magnolias" show through laughter and tears that sometimes flowers are expected to carry weight that may only be supported by pure steel. 