nm0011287:

 Lend Me Your Wife (1916)Summaries Tweedledum stands to inherit a fortune, but only if he can prove he's settled down and married. He tries to pass off his friend's wife as his own. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Penny Philanthropist (1917)Summaries Peggy sells newspapers on the streets of Chicago, saving her money until she can afford to open a small newsstand called the "News Emporium". Although she has to support her younger brother and sister, Peggy manages to give a penny away every day to help the less fortunate. Millionaire Andrew Kimbalton, one of Peggy's customers, offers her a dollar a day to give away for him, but she declines, telling him that the pleasure of giving lies in giving yourself. He then asks Peggy to teach his only daughter Ann the art of philanthropy, and she agrees. One day, the police come to Peggy's newsstand and ask her to go to the station where she learns that her sweetheart, Tom Oliphant, is under arrest, charged with trying to dynamite the Kimbalton mansion. With this accusation, the Kimbaltons begin to distrust Peggy, but after many adventures, Peggy proves that Tom is innocent, retains the friendship of the Kimbaltons and then, having made everyone else happy by her penny philanthropy, is made happy herself. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tweedledum Torpedoed by Cupid (1916)Summaries Tweedledum, a farm hand, elopes with the daughter of his employer. He is pursued by a German Marine inventor and an English Lord, who are both favored suitors for the girl's hand. Tweedledum and Tweedledee embark on board a steamer for their honeymoon, when the Marine inventor launches a torpedo which blows up the steamer. After performing heroic rescues Tweedledum and Tweedledee are finally alone at last. Moving Picture World synopsis It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 His Awful Downfall (1917)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 