nm0008542:

 Escaping Jersey (2001)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Told as a remembrance, a chronicled, episodic, coming of age, dark-comedy. It spans the 50s and 60s and incorporates music of the era. Unconventional character driven and situation dependent, the stories' vignettes comment on family, love, loneliness, communicating and surviving. Influenced by the film Breakfast At Tiffanys, teenager Janice, aspires to be Holly-Go-Lightly. 
 The Lift (II) (2001)Summaries When Jack and Liz die on their wedding day, they discover that the Afterlife turns out to be a corporate world where the levels of Heaven & Hell are connected by the elevator. Trapped in Hell, Jack must work his way up the corporate ladder to reunite with Liz in Heaven. As an executive, Liz plots to manipulate the system so that she can be with Jack. Even though death is not what they expected, they find what truly matters. JA <film70mm@thelift.org> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Slow Day at Sportsmans (2004)Summaries On A "slow day" in his inner city shop, a lone master barber encounters an armed troubled teen. Using all of his wit, "savvy", and powers of persuasion, the barber must act quickly to head off a dangerous situation. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Santa's Little Helper (2009)Summaries In the middle of summer, Santa Claus appears to 8-year-old Marlon with a secret but discovers that the myth overshadows the man, and the dreams of others always come before his own. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 