nm0006713:

 The Hangover (2009)761) Three buddies wake up from a bachelor party in Las Vegas, with no memory of the previous night and the bachelor missing. They make their way around the city in order to find their friend before his wedding. Angelenos Doug Billings and Tracy Garner are about to get married. Two days before the wedding, the four men in the wedding party - Doug, Doug's two best buddies Phil Wenneck and Stu Price, and Tracy's brother Alan Garner - hop into Tracy's father's beloved Mercedes convertible for a 24-hour stag party to Las Vegas. Phil, a married high school teacher, has the same maturity level as his students when he's with his pals. Stu, a dentist, is worried about everything, especially what his controlling girlfriend Melissa thinks. Because she disapproves of traditional male bonding rituals, Stu has to lie to her about the stag, he telling her that they are going on a wine tasting tour in the Napa Valley. Regardless, he intends on eventually marrying her, against the advice and wishes of his friends. And Alan seems to be unaware of what are considered the social graces of the western world. The morning after their arrival in Las Vegas, they awaken in their hotel suite each with the worst hangover. None remembers what happened in the past twelve or so hours. The suite is in shambles. And certain things are in the suite that shouldn't be, and certain things that should be in the suite are missing. Probably the most important in the latter category is Doug. As Phil, Stu and Alan try to find Doug using only what little pieces of information they have at hand, they go on a journey of discovery of how certain things got into the suite and what happened to the missing items. However they are on a race for time as if they can't find Doug in the next few hours, they are going to have to explain to Tracy why they are not yet back in Los Angeles. And even worse, they may not find Doug at all before the wedding. Huggo Two days before his wedding with the wealthy Tracy Garner, Doug Billings travels to his bachelor party in Las Vegas with his best friends, the school teacher Phil Wenneck and the dentist Stu Price, and Tracy's unconventional brother Alan Garner. Tracy's father lends his convertible Mercedez Benz that is his pride and joy to Doug with many recommendations. The quartet rents the best suite in the Caesar's Palace and they go to the roof to celebrate. Alan proposes a toast to Doug and they drink his booze. On the next morning, Phil, Stu and Alan have a hangover and they do not recall what they did last night; the room is upside down; Doug is missing; there is a baby in the wardrobe; a tiger in the bedroom; a chicken in the room; Stu has a missing tooth; and Doug is missing. The trio tries to track down last night to find what happened and sooner they discover that Stu married the stripper Jade (heather Graham) and Alan has spiked their booze with "Good Morning, Cinderella" in the beginning of their crazy night. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Three friends - Doug Billings, Stu Price, and Phil Wenneck head to Las Vegas for a promising epic bachelor party. They take along Alan Garner, Doug's fiance's unhinged brother - along for the ride. What happens in the next 24 hours they will never forget - or remember. Alan, Stu, and Phil all wake up in a luxury villa at Caesar's Palace - to find Doug, the guest of honor - missing. They also find a chicken, a tiger, a random baby, a missing tooth, and a parking stub. As they put together the pieces of the night before they soon realize that there is more to this story than once thought. And did Stu get married to a stripper? And where is Doug? halo1k If everything goes according to plan, in less than forty-eight hours, husband-to-be, Doug, will walk down the aisle with his sweetheart, Tracy. Bent on throwing the bachelor party to end all bachelor parties, Doug's bosom friends and groomsmen, schoolteacher, Phil, and Stu, the dentist, head to dazzling Las Vegas on a borrowed 1965 Mercedes-Benz 220SE convertible. However, instead of spending a wild night drinking and gambling, the boys, along with Tracy's socially inept brother, Alan, wake up in a trashed, $4,200-a-night suite at Caesars Palace, having no recollection of what has happened the night before. Now, as if that weren't enough, an incisor is missing, there is a terrifying Bengal tiger in the bathroom, and Doug has vanished into thin air. But, the clock is ticking, and it seems that Doug and Tracy's union is just not going to happen. Will those two manage to tie the knot after all? Nick Riganas Just two days before his marriage with Tracy Garner, Doug Billings, in the company of two friends: Phil Wenneck and Stu Price; and Tracy's eccentric brother, Alan, head out to party in Vegas. Driving his father's Mercedez, they rent a pricey villa at Caesar's and head for the rooftop to have a good time. Three of them later wake up with a hangover, unable to re-collect what exactly happened. With the villa in a wreck, they find that they have a baby in the closet; a grown tiger in the bathroom; Stu has a missing tooth and a hooker for a bride; and Doug is missing. Hilarious chaos results as the trio head out to re-trace their steps as well as try to locate Doug and bring him home in one piece before the wedding. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Phil (Bradley Cooper) on the phone in the middle of the desert. He is calling the fiancee of his best friend Doug (Justin Bartha) and tells her that they messed up. "We lost Doug." The fiance, Tracy Garner (Sasha Barrese), freaks out because she and Doug are supposed to get married in 5 hours. "That's not going to happen." Two days earlier, Doug and his soon-to-be brother-in-law Alan (Zach Galifianakis) are trying on tuxedos. Alan says it's OK if Doug doesn't bring him to the bachelor party tonight. Alan is severely socially inept but Doug makes it clear that he wants Alan to be there with him. Since they are going to be brothers soon, they have to look out for each other. Doug goes to talk to his future father-in-law, Sid Garner (Jeffery Tambor), and is given permission to take his Mercedes to Vegas for the bachelor party since Sid remembers what it was like to be a young man. Doug thanks him and promises that he will be the only one to drive the car that day. Doug and Alan then leave to pick up the others. Doug's best friend Phil is a high school teacher reminding one of his classes to pay 90 dollars for a field trip to an observatory, which they all promptly pay. Phil then removes the $3500 from their envelopes and puts them into an envelope marked Vegas. He grabs his bag, ignores a student and jumps into the Mercedes. The group then goes to get their last member. Stu (Ed Helms), a dentist, is at home arguing with his girlfriend, Melissa (Rachael Harris), about the bachelor party. Stu tells her that they are going to Napa Valley for a wine tasting. Melissa is convinced, however, that Phil will find a way to find a strip club. Melissa treats Stu very badly, but Stu takes it with a smile and tries to kiss her but she won't have any of it. The guys arrive and Stu leaves with them. The group drives to Las Vegas and check into Caesars Palace. They try to decide how to pay and Phil volunteers Stu's credit card as the main payment method. Stu flatly refuses, telling Phil that Melissa would see the charges and realize that they went to Vegas. Doug tells Stu that they'll sort out the payment when they check out. They go upstairs to get ready for their 1st night out. Stu tells Doug and Phil that he's going to propose to Melissa and use his grandmother's Holocaust ring as an engagement ring. While Doug congratulates Stu, Phil openly points out that Melissa is a controlling bitch. Stu and Phil get into an argument and Phil tells Stu that Melissa is clearly not a good person since she cheated on Stu when she slept with a bartender on a cruise. At that point, Alan comes in with a satchel and asks the guys if they're ready to let the dogs out. The four go to the roof and make a toast. Alan treats everyone to a shot of Jgermeister and then reads an awkward speech to the group telling them how the four of them are like a pack of wolves. Phil then tells the others that he's toasting them to a night they will never forget. Time passes as we see the night skyline of Las Vegas change slowly into the next morning. A woman walks out of the room carrying her stiletto heels. Stu comes to on the floor with blood on his shirt. Phil is sleeping on the floor and Alan wakes up on the couch. The room is a complete mess. A chair is horribly burned, statues litter the room, and there are a bunch of champagne bottles aligned as bowling pins. Alan goes to the bathroom and sees a live tiger. Phil wakes up when Alan steps on him and thinks that Alan is imagining things. He laughs at the fact that there is a tiger in the bathroom and tells Stu that his head hurts. Stu realizes that he's missing a tooth and Phil can't help but laugh. He stops once they realize Doug is nowhere to be found. They also note that Doug's mattress is missing. During their search, they hear a baby crying in the closet. They don't know whose baby it is but decide to take it with them to breakfast. At breakfast, Alan makes the baby pretend-masturbate for the guys and lovingly dubs him "Carlos." Phil, Stu and Alan realize that they can't remember anything from the night before. They check their pockets for clues to what happened last night. Alan has Stu's tooth, Stu has a receipt for an $800 withdrawal at the Bellagio, and Phil has a hospital bracelet on his wrist. They decide to make the hospital their first stop. Outside the hotel, the trio waits for the valet to bring around their car. They notice a cleaning crew removing a mattress impaled on Caesar's statue on an upper level of the hotel. Phil notes that they must have had a wild night. The valet drives up, not in the Mercedes, but in a police car and gives Phil the keys. They drive off and head to the hospital to get a lead on where Doug is. The ER doctor tells them that Phil was admitted with a mild concussion and that Doug was with them when they visited. Phil bribes him for more information and the doctor tells him that they had just come from a wedding at a chapel a few blocks away. The doctor also tells Phil that he had high traces of "ruphylin" (referring to the date-rape drug known as "roofies") in his system. Phil freaks out at the possibility of having been raped, but the doctor tells him he wasn't. The trio decides to head there. When they arrive at the chapel, they are greeted like family by the proprietor, Eddy. They can't remember why, but soon found out that Stu married a woman named Jade (Heather Graham) the night before and that everyone was present for the wedding. Stu freaks out a little, Phil looks into an annulment and Eddy gives them Jade's address. The trio head to the car and as they pull out, they are confronted by a pair of Asian gangsters demanding that the trio return someone they kidnapped. The gangsters pull out guns and threaten the trio before accidentally shooting Eddy in the shoulder. Phil drives the car out of the lot. They get to Jade's and find her on the phone freaking out because she couldn't find her baby, who turns out to be named Tyler. She sees Stu and is happy to see him but he freaks when he finds out that she's a stripper who works as an escort and he gave her his grandmother's Holocaust ring. The group is interrupted by the arrival of two police officers who arrest the trio for stealing their car. At the police station, Phil decides to call Tracy and tells her that they are enjoying Vegas so much they are staying an extra day. He doesn't tell her that they lost Doug and is forced to hang up when they are taken to the interrogation room. The two officers are angry that the trio stole their car and want to hold them over to be arraigned the following Monday. Phil explains the situation and then attempts to blackmail them into a deal (for losing track of their squad car), which backfires. The officers agree to let the guys off the hook but trick all three into being test subjects for a group of kids, demonstrating the effects of a Taser. The guys agree and weather the effects of being shocked by both the police and a couple of the kids, one of which is determined to get revenge on Alan when Alan kicked him lightly in the squad room. After the demonstration, the trio head over to recover the Mercedes that the police impounded. Stu is surprised that the car is in pristine condition and they then drive back toward the hotel to see if Doug went back. On the way they hear a knocking in the trunk and think that Doug is in the trunk of the car. They open it only to have a flamboyant and naked Asian man named Leslie Chow (Ken Jeong) jump out with a crowbar and attack them. After he runs off naked, Alan admits that he spiked their Jgermeister with the roofies, thinking they were Ecstasy pills. Stu flips out, but Phil plays it cool and the trio returns to the hotel. They are about to enter the hotel room when they remember the tiger. They cautiously open the door to find Mike Tyson and his bodyguard in the room. Tyson is singing "In the Air Tonight" by Phil Collins, getting the guys to join in before knocking Alan out cold. It turns out the tiger belonged to Tyson and the reason they were able to find the hotel room was because they found Doug's jacket and room key in the tiger cage. The trio are terrified because Tyson implies that the tiger may have eaten Doug. Tyson gives them an hour to bring the tiger back to his house. Alan puts five roofies into a raw steak in order to knock out the tiger, and two hours later they cart the tiger into the Mercedes. While driving to Tyson's mansion, the tiger wakes up and scratches Phil's neck. The trio gets out of the car and pushes it the last mile of the way while the tiger chews up the interior of the car. Upon arriving at the mansion, Tyson shows them a security tape of them stealing the tiger and Alan urinating into Tyson's grotto pond. Doug was with them and they put it into a police car but not before Phil screamed, "Look, I'm raping Tyson's tiger" and pantomiming having sex with the animal. Tyson asks where they got the cop car, and gives them props when they tell him they stole it. With no further leads, the group heads back to the hotel. On the way to the hotel, Chow and his men crash their car into the Mercedes and force it into a pole. They tell Phil that he kidnapped Chow, calling him "my lucky charm" and that he wanted to take Chow home with them. The gangsters also noticed that Alan took Chow's purse (which resembles Alan's satchel) with him and that the satchel Chow carried had $80,000 worth of Bellagio casino chips. Phil says they'll return the money, and Chow gives them until sunrise to get it to them and shows them that he has Doug in his SUV with a hood over his face. The gang returns to the hotel and can't find the satchel. They call Jade and let Alan try counting cards in order to win back the $80,000. Alan is a success and they make over $82,000. Just as the security men are about to move in on them for card counting, Jade fakes an accident and Alan and Phil get away. The group drives to the meeting point to make the exchange. They give Chow $80,000 in cash and Chow gives them Doug. Unfortunately, it's the wrong Doug. The Doug that Chow's gangster kidnapped (Mike Epps), who is African American, turns out to be the man who sold Alan the bad Ecstasy. Phil gets mad and tells Chow to give them back their money and to take "Black Doug" with him. Chow refuses and drives away. Phil decides that it is time to end the charade and tell Tracy what happened. We hear the opening play in the background as Black Doug, Stu and Alan discuss the reasoning behind the name roofies. Stu then realizes that they put Doug on the roof of Caesars Palace as a joke but forgot him and locked him up there. The mattress on the statue of Caesar was thrown there by Doug while trying to signal for help. Stu immediately tackles Phil and takes the phone away from him. He tells Tracy that Phil is drunk and that they are heading back now with Doug. The trio race to the hotel and find Doug sunburned and huddling for shade on the roof. Doug attacks Phil when Phil tells him that he is going to miss his own wedding. The group checks out and races to the now ruined Mercedes. Stu and Jade have a heart-to-heart talk and Jade tells him she knows the marriage was a mistake and gives him back his ring. Stu asks her if she wants to go on a date next weekend and she agrees. She also tells him that the reason Stu is missing a tooth is because Alan told him that he wasn't a good enough dentist if he couldn't remove his own tooth. Doug pulls out the missing satchel with Chow's $80,000 in casino chips. It had been left with him on the roof. Phil speeds down the highway on the way to the wedding. A tuxedo shop van drives up and tosses them four tuxedos that they ordered via phone. The group arrive at the wedding a few minutes late. Tracy walks down the aisle with Sid and asks Doug what happened. He explains what happened and tells her it will never happen again as long as they are married. Tracy forgives him and the two get married. Phil is happy to see his wife and son at the reception and spends the evening happy to be home. Alan and Stu are drinking at the bar when Melissa shows up. Melissa is mad that Stu didn't call at all and ignored her calls. She flips out when she sees he's missing a tooth. Stu finally can't take it anymore and flips out on her. She asks him when their relationship stopped working and Stu loudly announces that it was over when she had sex with the sailor on the cruise. Phil smiles proudly while Doug and Tracy look on in shock. Alan corrects him by saying it was a bartender, and Stu laughs. He tells Alan that they should go dance, which they do. Afterwards, Alan hits on Melissa and gets shot down. The guys are all gathered on the patio when Alan walks up with Stu's camera he found lodged in the backseat of the car; it contains photos of their adventures and mishaps in Las Vegas. They decide to look at the photos once and then delete the evidence. During the credits, the pictures are shown: * A bunch of photos with Phil, Doug, Alan and Stu hanging out with strippers * Stu and Jade hooking up at the strip club. * Chow, Alan and Phil gambling * Phil and Doug doing cocaine with Carrot Top * Doug posing in front of Tyson's mansion with the stolen police car and the officer's shotgun * Tyson asleep next to a blonde * Alan asleep next to Tyson and a blonde * Alan firing a shotgun at the statue at Caesars Palace * Doug asleep on the roof * Alan pretending to rape Doug * Alan getting a blow job from a hotel maid * Stu and Jade's wedding * Stu ripping his tooth out of his mouth with pliers and the aftermath * The guys together before the night began. 
 Suits (20112019)321) On the run from a drug deal gone bad, brilliant college dropout Mike Ross finds himself working with Harvey Specter, one of New York City's best lawyers. While running from a drug deal gone bad, brilliant young college-dropout Mike Ross slips into a job interview with one of New York City's best legal closers, Harvey Specter. Tired of cookie-cutter law school grads, Harvey takes a gamble by hiring Mike on the spot after recognizing his raw talent and photographic memory. Mike and Harvey are a winning team. Although Mike is a genius, he still has a lot to learn about the law; and while Harvey might seem like an emotionless, cold-blooded shark, Mike's sympathy and concern for their cases and clients will help remind Harvey why he went into law in the first place. Mike's other allies in the office include the firm's best paralegal Rachel and Harvey's no-nonsense assistant Donna. Proving to be an irrepressible duo and invaluable to the practice, Mike and Harvey must keep their secret from everyone including managing partner Jessica and Harvey's arch nemesis Louis, who seems intent on making Mike's life as difficult as possible. USA Network Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Open with the firm voting between Jessica and Daniel. Louis appears to be conflicted. Rachel is stunned to see Mike at work the day after Edith's death. He's feeling guilty because he wasted his last chance to see her alive working. He blows up at her. After looking at the votes Jessica announces that Daniel is the managing partner "effective immediately." He tells Harvey he recognizes his value to the firm and wants to make sure he's not leaving. Cut to Harvey telling Jessica he wants them to crab a dozen partners and leave. She cites a non-compete clause that prevents them from practicing law for a year in New York. She wants to wait until she has a position of strength and make a move. Mike buys $100 worth of marijuana. Harvey is being moved down to a different floor in favor of a lawyer who has been loyal to him. He walks to Daniel's office and tells him "I'm coming for you." Daniel tells Louis he wants to get rid of Harvey, assuring him that there is a target on both of their backs. Cut to Louis giving Mike a bunch of files, telling him he needs to take care of that work before he does anything for Harvey. As of now Mike is just like the rest of the associates and if he doesn't like it he can quit. Louis threatens to fire him if he doesn't do what he's told. Louis gives Harvey what appears to be a particularly dry case and tells him about Mike's new role. Harvey tries to tell Mike things are going to operate as they always have. Mike blows up at him in front of a room full of associates, saying it might be time he accepts that he and Jessica have lost. Harvey says "Go home. Now." We see Mike at home getting high. The next morning he wakes up late to a knock at his door. It's Rachel, there to remind him he's late for the funeral. She spots the marijuana and wonders what is going on. He pretends to flush the rest down the toilet, but actually sticks it in his medicine cabinet. Harvey is struggling to find someone to fill-in for Mike. Donna reminds him that he sent Mike home, then tells him Louis has made sure none of the associates are available to help him. Mike is nervous about speaking at the funeral. Someone named Tess shows up and helps convince Rachel he'll feel better afterwards. He talks about his parents being taken from him and Edith stepping in to fill their role. "She was my whole family," he says. After the speech Rachel meets Tess formally and learns the two of them have known each other since childhood and dated briefly. Harvey finishes the case for Louis then learns he will be his second chair in court. Mike tells Tess about cancelling on Edith just before she died. It seems that she took their break-up hard. They end up kissing. She stops him and says "I'm married." He is furious. Harvey shows up at Mike's apartment. He says he didn't think Mike was ready to deal with Edith's death so he intentionally kept him busy. Harvey grabs one of Mike's joints and lights up. Louis apologizes to Donna for her being caught in the middle of everything. He says she'll always have a place working for him and she essentially tells him to go to hell. Harvey and Mike get rip-roaring stoned. Mike opens about never feeling like an orphan because he had Edith in his life. Harvey says that because of his lousy parents he knows what it's like to feel alone growing up. They get the idea of pissing in Daniel's office and head down there in the middle of the night. At the office Harvey changes his mind and thinks they should do something more original than just urinating. He tells Mike he's going to get his can opener. Cut to Louis in Harvey's office trying to break into his computer. Harvey catches him in there and grabs him by the throat. Mike pulls him off, saying that if he punches Louis "they win." After Louis leaves the office and Mike thinks about planting something in Daniel's office. Mike says Daniel wouldn't hesitate to do something like that to him, and this gets Harvey thinking that perhaps Daniel planted the memo Donna found. They start putting the pieces together, realizing that Daniel was working with Tanner. Harvey and Mike tells Jessica what they suspect, but she won't act until they get her some proof. Harvey drops by Tanner's gym and gets into the boxing ring with him. Tanner says if Harvey beats him he'll talk. The two go back and forth, with Tanner eventually granting him one question. He tells him only that he settled because the memo "was a fraud." Mike finds what he's been looking for in a filing cabinet, then gives Rachel a deep kiss. She doesn't want it to happen so soon after Edith's passing. Daniel arrives for work and Louis hands him a folder requesting action on something Harvey-related. Daniel signs off. Louis is waiting for Harvey on his floor with a specimen for a drug test. He says he smelled Harvey the other night and knows he can't pass. Harvey refuses to take the test and Louis says he's fired. Harvey reminds him he's entitled to a hearing. Harvey tells Jessica why he can't take the test. Harvey tells Jessica what he learned from Tanner, though he doesn't yet have proof. Donna pops her head in to say that Harvey's review will take place in an hour. Mike waits for the car company's CEO, Kemp, in the garage, wanting him to sign and affidavit saying he told Daniel about the hood problems and Daniel advised him to cut a deal. Kemp says no and drives off. After Daniel tells the partners in the hearing that Harvey should be terminated for refusing to take a drug test, Harvey accuses him of writing the memo and getting Tanner to come after the firm. Daniel point out he has no evidence, at which point Mike walks and drops a folder on the table. He says it is a signed affidavit from Kemp, but shakes his head at Harvey indicating he's bluffing. Daniel doesn't think the affidavit will hold up in court, but Jessica says that it doesn't have to. She points out that he essentially had the other partners spend $100,000 of their own money (the cost of the settlement) to buy him control of the firm. Daniel makes a motion to fire Harvey, but doesn't get enough votes. Jessica then asks who is in favor of Daniel's dismissal on the basis of his filing a fraudulent law firm against the firm. Everybody's hand goes up, including that of Louis. She tells him "consider your partnership bought up." Afterwards Mike tells Harvey and Jessica that he did not commit a felony because he signed his own name on the affidavit. Daniel simply never bothered to check. They toast their victory with Donna. Tess drops by Mike's place. Daniel asks Jessica to sign a confidentiality agreement in exchange for him dropping the matter. He says he's not done coming after her. We see Mike and Tess in bed. There is a knock on the door that he thinks is a pizza. It's Rachel, who has changed her mind and wants them to get together. She sees a half-naked Tess in the back and realizes what has happened. 
 Lucifer (20162021)321) Lucifer Morningstar has decided he's had enough of being the dutiful servant in Hell and decides to spend some time on Earth to better understand humanity. He settles in Los Angeles - the City of Angels. Lucifer Morningstar, bored from his sulking life in hell, comes to live in Los Angeles. While there, he helps humanity with its miseries through his experience and telepathic abilities to bring people's deepest desires and thoughts out of them. While meeting with a Detective in his nightclub (Lux), a shootout involving him and the Detective leads him to become an LAPD consultant who tries to punish people for their crimes through law and justice. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based upon the characters created by Neil Gaiman , Sam Kieth and Mike Dringenberg , LUCIFER is the story of the original fallen angel. Bored and unhappy as the Lord of Hell, LUCIFER MORNINGSTAR has abandoned his throne and retired to L.A., where he owns Lux, an upscale nightclub. Charming, charismatic and devilishly handsome, Lucifer ( Tom Ellis ) is enjoying his retirement, indulging in a few of his favorite things wine, women, and song when a beautiful pop star is brutally murdered outside of Lux. For the first time in roughly 10 billion years, he feels something awaken deep within him as a result of this murder. Compassion? Sympathy? The very thought disturbs him as well as his best friend and confidante, Mazikeen ( Lesley-Ann Brandt ), a fierce demon in the form of a beautiful young woman. The murder attracts the attention of LAPD homicide detective CHLOE DECKER, who initially is dismissive of Lucifer. But she becomes intrigued by his talent for drawing out people's secrets and his desire to dispense justice, doling out punishment to those who deserve it. As they work together to solve the pop star's murder, Lucifer is struck by Chloe's inherent goodness. Accustomed to dealing with the absolute worst of humanity, Lucifer is intrigued by Chloe's apparent purity and begins to wonder if there's hope for his own soul yet. At the same time, God's emissary, the angel Amendiel ( D.B. Woodside ), has been sent to Los Angeles to convince Lucifer to return to the underworld can the Devil incarnate be tempted toward the side of Good, or will his original calling pull him back toward Evil? 
 Diary of a Wimpy Kid (2010)44) The adventures of a 12 year old who is fresh out of elementary and transitions to middle school, where he has to learn the consequences and responsibility to survive the year. To Greg Heffley, middle school is the dumbest idea ever invented. It's a place rigged with hundreds of social landmines, not the least of which are morons, wedgies, swirlies, bullies, lunchtime banishment to the cafeteria floor - and a festering piece of cheese with nuclear cooties. To survive the never-ending ordeal and attain the recognition and status he feels he so richly deserves, Greg devises an endless series of can't-miss schemes, all of which, of course, go awry. And he's getting it all down on paper, via a diary - "it's NOT a diary, it's a journal!" Greg insists, preferring the less-sissyfied designation - filled with his opinions, thoughts, tales of family trials and tribulations, and (would-be) schoolyard triumphs. "One day when I'm famous," writes Greg, "I'll have better things to do than answer people's stupid questions all day." So was born the Wimpy Kid's diary. Twentieth Century Fox Greg Heffley must survive middle school while dealing with his two annoying brothers Manny and Rodrick. At least he has his best friend, Rowley Jefferson, but his behavior can be intolerable, so the friendship may not last. Based of the popular book series. gamergcfan The story "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" is about a young boy trying to find his way through middle school. Greg thinks that Middle School is hard espicially When everyone thinks he's weird.When Greg tries to do something cool he just Fails and tries again.Will he have a good Middle School memory or Will It just be another Sucky School year Jadine Sanchez It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 