nm0005399:

 Boy Meets World (19932000)44) An adolescent with two siblings tests his various theories about life as he endures the trials of growing up alongside a good friend. In this TV series we see the "adventures" and goofs of a young schoolboy named Cory Matthews and his best friend Shawn Hunter. At school, they aren't very popular with girls, and they have enemies like Harley, Joey, and Frankie. They also get often in trouble with Mr. Feeny, the school's funny principal. Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> The show starts with Cory as an average eleven year old boy. He has a best friend from the other side of the tracks, a teacher that constantly keeps him on his toes, a classmate named Topanga who he has trouble understanding, and a family that keeps his life interesting - including an older brother who seems to become more idiotic as the show progresses. As years wear on and Cory grows up, everything gradually changes. Shawn begins to feel the strains of his less than perfect life, Topanga become more than a friend, and the constant spinning of the world leads up to Cory slowly becoming less naive and more responsible. Max Vaughn The show begins and progresses the adventures and goofs of adolescent schoolboy Cory Matthews, his best friend from "the wrong side of the tracks" Shawn Hunter, his hard-to-understand girlfriend Topanga Lawrence with the help of former teacher now principal and Cory's next-door neighbor George Feeny and his continually-progressing idiotic older brother Eric. Alex Madison <degrassilover2057@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Little Monsters (1989)321) A boy discovers an incredible and gruesome world of monsters under his bed. A child meets the monster that lives under his bed. He even becomes one of his best friends. Soon the child discovers a whole new world of fun and games under his bed where pulling pranks on kids and other monsters is the main attraction. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After moving to the neighborhood, Brian Arthur Stevenson (FRED SAVAGE - TV's "The Wonder Years") and his family are looking forward to a new life in the suburbs. But it isn't long before Brian meets up with his first real best friend that of all people (or things) turns out to be a monster named Maurice (HOWIE MANDEL - TV's "Bobby's World"), a monster who lives to have fun playing jokes and all the things that a kid can't do under an adult's supervision. After his younger brother Eric Stevenson (BEN SAVAGE) claims he's been having monsters under his bed, Brian trades rooms with him to prove him wrong. But when he does, he's the one who's proven wrong when he finds Maurice snooping around. Together as Maurice shows Brian the time of his life in another world under his bed, they form a strong friendship in ways they never imagined. But they also learn that sooner or later, Brian will have to abandon this dream come true for any kid or risk the nightmare of a lifetime becoming a little monster himself! When two evil monsters who rule the monster world named Boy (FRANK WHALEY) and Snik (RICK DUCCOMUN) learn of this, they abduct Eric as insurance to get Brian to cooperate and stay to become one of them. With the help of a few friends: Todd [Eric's best friend] (WILLIAM MURRAY WEISS), Ronnie Coleman (DEVIN RATRAY), Kiersten Deveraux (AMBER BARRETTO) and Maurice, Brian must take matters into his own hands and rescue Eric before sunset 3-5 minutes after 6:19am. But will they make it out alive in time or will their fate leave them doomed to become little monsters forever? 
 Wild Palms (1993)Summaries A multi-national corporation attempts to take over America while small pockets of resistance hold out against rampant technology. LA in the near future, Harry Wykoff accepts a job as presidents of a gigantic TV company. Het is confronted with a total new technology called "The New Reality" where three-dimensional TV animated pictures are projected in living rooms all around the world. Harry launches to the top of the company with his career but once there he is caught in a web of intrigues, betrayal and murder. A game of life and death begins... <s.w.zaat@student.utwente.nl> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Girl Meets World (20142017)55) More than a decade after Boy Meets World (1993) , Cory and Topanga Matthews are married and have two children. Their daughter, Riley, faces life lessons through her family, friends, and school--where her father is her history teacher--as her parents did when they were younger. Riley is the daughter of Cory and Topanga and she goes to school with her friends Maya and Farkle and new person Lucas who Riley likes. Cory is Riley's history teacher and everything Riley and Maya do has something to do with their school life problems. Girl Meets World is the Boy Meets World for a whole new generation. Riley is the pre-teen daughter of Corey and Topanga from the original TGIF series. Riley and her best friend Maya navigate the highs and lows of middle school while little brother Auggie cheers them on. Maya is the carefree and daring part of the friendship while Riley is quick-thinking and responsible. When the irresistibly attractive Lucas Friar moves to town from Texas things get really shaken up and Riley decides it's time to take on the world. LadyPhantastic Fourteen years after Boy Meets World, Cory and Topanga are the parents of a perky 12-year-old girl named Riley and an adorable 5-year-old son named Auggie. Along with her two best friends, Maya and Farkle, her crush, Lucas, and her history teacher (her father) Riley learns the ups and downs of being a pre-teen and life. More than a decade after Boy Meets World, Riley Mathews, daughter of Cory and Topanga Mathews, and her friends face challenges similar to what Cory and Topanga faced. Every day her father who is also her history teacher gives her a lesson that is actually a life lesson. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 