nm0001971:

 Trainspotting (1996)431) Renton, deeply immersed in the Edinburgh drug scene, tries to clean up and get out, despite the allure of the drugs and influence of friends. A wild, freeform, Rabelaisian trip through the darkest recesses of Edinburgh low-life, focusing on Mark Renton and his attempt to give up his heroin habit, and how the latter affects his relationship with family and friends: Sean Connery wannabe Sick Boy, dimbulb Spud, psycho Begbie, 14-year-old girlfriend Diane, and clean-cut athlete Tommy, who's never touched drugs but can't help being curious about them... Michael Brooke <michael@everyman.demon.co.uk> Renton is an Edinburgh lad with a heroin addiction problem. His best mates are: somewhat dimwitted but good-hearted Spud, also a heroin addict; con man Sick Boy, also a heroin addict who has steadfast opinions on the most renowned British actors; and Tommy, a clean cut athlete who doesn't use. The likelihood of Renton, Spud and/or Sick Boy leading Tommy astray are higher than the other way around as problems in Tommy's life resulting in him wanting to use are more likely than any of Renton, Spud or Sick Boy having a reason to follow Tommy's clean example. Renton, Spud and Sick Boy often use with Allison, the mother of an infant, they, including baby Dawn, congregating in Swanney's drug den. They also need to steal and rob to support their habit, those activities often with the assistance of their criminal acquaintance Begbie, whose violent tendencies can be ignited on the slightest provocation. Despite Renton, Spud and Sick Boy believing there is no better feeling than being high, Renton truly does want to quit using, or so he tells himself. The struggles Renton have in trying to get clean are presented. He may feel that other priorities in his life may help him, such as the love at first sight feelings he has for Diane, who he sees across a nightclub room but who may not be all she appears at first glance. Renton probably realizes that he can never get clean in his current environment, which includes hanging around with Spud, Sick Boy, Begbie, Allison and Swanney, but getting out from their influence may not be as easy as just physically leaving. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in Edinburgh, the film begins with Mark Renton's ( Ewan McGregor ) narration as he and his friend, Spud ( Ewen Bremner ) sprint down Princes Street, pursued by security guards. Renton states that unlike people who 'choose life' (traditional families, materialistic possessions and financial stability), he decided live life as a heroin addict. The rest of Renton's close circle of football enthusiast friends are introduced: con-artist Sick Boy ( Jonny Lee Miller ), clean-cut athlete Tommy ( Kevin McKidd ) and sociopath, Frank Begbie ( Robert Carlyle ), whom along with Tommy, has decided not to do heroin and criticizes his friends regularly for their lifestyle choice. Sick Boy, Spud and Renton are all heroin addicts who spend their days shooting up in their drug dealer, Swanney's ( Peter Mullan ) flat. Swanney is often referred to as "The Mother Superior" by the guys. One day, Renton decides to give up heroin. He decides to employ Sick Boy's method of locking himself in a cheap rented room with enough food, equipment and supplies to endure the withdrawal. Realizing he needs one last high to get him through the night, he breaks himself out of his room and buys opium rectal suppositories from dealer, Mikey Forrester ( Irvine Welsh ). After this final hit (and a nasty spell of diarrhea), Renton returns to the cheap room to finish the process. He later goes to a nightclub with the gang, noticing that his sex drive has returned with a vengeance. He eventually leaves with a young woman named Diane ( Kelly Macdonald ). After having sex together, Diane refuses to sleep in the same room as Renton and forces him to sleep in the hallway on a sofa. In the morning, Renton realizes that Diane is in fact a 15 year old schoolgirl and the flatmates sitting around the breakfast table are in fact, her parents. Horrified, Renton tries to shake off the incident but remains friends with Diane, who threatens to tell the police that Renton had sex with her despite being underage. Tommy is dumped by his girlfriend Lizzy ( Pauline Lynch ) after a string of events unintentionally initially started by Renton. Renton had borrowed a sex tape of Tommy & Lizzy, without their consent, hiding it in the box of a football tape. Lizzy angrily believes that Tommy had mistakenly returned the tape to the video store. Tommy gets Sick Boy, Spud and Renton to join him on a walk in the Scottish highlands at the end of a train line but the guys are reluctant, believing they're being punished by Tommy for the hard time he's receiving from Lizzy. Tommy tries to convince them that they'll be getting fresh air and seeing the great outdoors of their country but Renton retorts, saying that Scottish culture is highly unappreciated by the rest of the world. At that point, Sick Boy, Spud and Renton decide to use heroin again and a broken-hearted Tommy asks to try it to see why they like it so much, despite Renton's reluctance. One day during a heroin-induced stupor, the gang are interrupted by Allison (a fellow heroin addict) who is screaming hysterically because her infant child, Dawn has died from neglect. All are shell-shocked, especially Sick Boy who is implied to be the baby's father. Something crashes in Sick Boy and he becomes more nihilistic than ever, living only to feed his and his friends' addiction. Renton and Spud are later caught stealing from a book shop and are pursued by security guards, as seen in the beginning of the film. Sick Boy alludes the police despite the theft being his idea. Due to prior convictions, Spud is sent to prison whereas Renton is put on a Drug Intervention Programme and given methadone. Despite support from friends and family, Renton becomes increasingly bored and depressed and escapes to Swanney's flat where he takes a particularly strong hit and nearly dies. At a local emergency room, Renton is brought out of his trip and his parents pick him up. Determined to make him kick, they lock him in his room so he can beat his addiction cold turkey. As Renton lies in bed going through severe withdrawal symptoms, he hallucinates that Diane is singing to him, friends are giving him advice and Allison's dead baby is crawling on the ceiling. The hallucination sequence is intercut with weird, imagined scenes from a TV game show, with Dale Winton asking Renton's parents questions about HIV. Renton is finally woken from his nightmares and is told by his parents that he needs to get tested. Despite years of sharing syringes with other drug addicts, Renton's test comes back negative. Clean of heroin, Renton decides to visit Tommy who, by now, is lost in his heroin addiction and has contracted HIV. He's living in a filthy flat, with graffiti on the door proclaiming he has AIDS. Renton gives Tommy a little money to get by. On Diane's advice, Renton moves to London and gets a job as a property letting agent. He begins enjoying his new life of sobriety but it's short-lived after Begbie's involved in an armed robbery. He turns up at Renton's flat, asking for a place to hide out, disrupting Renton's life with his freeloading and slovenly ways. One day Begbie has Renton lay a bet on a horse race and it hits, coming in with enough money for them to enjoy a brief period of revelry. At the dance club they go to, Begbie finds a woman whom he tries to have sex with, only to find that the person is a transvestite. He angrily tells Renton that he's not gay and attacks Renton when he suggests it could have turned into a beautiful night for Begbie. Sick Boy, who now sees himself as a well-connected pimp and drug pusher, also shows up on Renton's doorstep. Renton's 'friends' make his life more miserable, stealing from him and trashing his flat. Sick Boy steals and sells Renton's television, despite the fact that it was a rental and then has a the temerity to ask Renton if he wants to sell his passport. Renton takes his passport and stores it in a train station locker. Seeking to rid himself of them, Renton gives them a flat he's responsible for which they use as a base to commit theft, however, Renton doesn't charge them rent to live there. Their squatting is discovered when Renton's boss finds a couple willing to live there. However, the three have to return to Edinburgh when they learn Tommy has died due to toxoplasmosis. Back home, they meet Spud who's been released from prison. Sick Boy suggests a dangerous but profitable heroin transaction via Mikey Forrester. Sick Boy needs Renton's help to foot half of the initial 4,000 to buy the supply. After the purchase, Renton reluctantly checks the purity by injecting himself and declaring it to be high quality. The four then travel back to London to sell the drugs to a dealer. On the bus down, Begbie is extremely nervous and uptight since the police are still searching for him. Renton promises himself one final hit before they reach London and ponders if he'll become addicted again. The meet the dealer in a hotel room and after a purity check and a bit of haggling, they agree on 16,000. They all go to a pub to celebrate, all them friendlier and happier than they usually are, and discuss their plans to spend the money. Renton suggests to Spud that they steal the money and run as Begbie & Sick Boy get drinks in. Spud is too scared of Begbie to consider it. Renton believes that neither Begbie nor Sick Boy deserve the money. As Begbie heads back to the table with another round of pints he bumps into another patron and spills much of the beer he bought. When the man apologizes, Begbie turns violent and smashes the man's face with one of the glasses. As he moves in to cut the man with a knife, he slashes Spud's hand. Realizing that he's probably matured more than his friends and, with the exception of Spud, they're more of a danger to him now, Renton decides to leave them while taking the money. Early in the morning, Renton wakes up before anyone else and takes the money from Begbie, leaving quietly. Spud sees him leave but says nothing; Renton gives him an affirmative nod. After Begbie discovers the money has gone, he trashes the hotel room in a violent rage that alerts the police, presumably leading to his arrest. Renton walks out into London and vows to live the traditional, stable life he talked about in the beginning of the film. In voiceover, he talks about how Begbie has become too dangerous and that Sick Boy would have stolen the money from everyone if he'd thought to do it first. He does feel some remorse for leaving Spud behind and leaves him 2,000 in the locker where he'd been hiding his passport. In the final scene, Spud retrieves the money Renton left for him. 
 Alien vs. Predator (2004)651) During an archaeological expedition on Bouvetya Island in Antarctica, a team of archaeologists and other scientists find themselves caught up in a battle between the two legends. Soon, the team realize that only one species can win. When a private satellite encounters an unidentified source of heat in Antarctica and it is found to be a pyramid buried deep underground , a search team comprising of top-of-the-line archaeologists and engineers is sent to Antarctica to find out more . Once there , the team comes across signs which indicate that the place is inhabited by an unknown alien species . It is not long before the aliens begin to hunt the team members . At the same time , a trio of coming-of-age Predators have arrived to collect the skulls of the aliens as trophies , and the humans are caught between a deadly battle between the two warring species . Soumitra After detecting heat emanating from an ancient pyramid buried deep within the ice caps of Antarctica, the billionaire industrialist, Charles Bishop Weyland, and his team of scientists arrive on the icy continent. At first, this unexpected discovery fascinates them; however, once inside the complex network of cavernous, technologically advanced chambers, the intruders will soon come to realise that this intricate pyramid is not the work of the human intellect. Suddenly, the walls start to move, trapping the explorers. Now, as three young and armed-to-the-teeth Predators enter the dark temple of adjudication for their rite of passage, aggressive endoparasitoid Xenomorphs, or Aliens, start flocking into the ancient structure, and the humans become caught in the middle. Who shall live and who shall die in the ultimate battle between Aliens and Predators? Nick Riganas An expedition of archaeologists on Earth discover an Aztec temple hidden under the Antarctic circle, housing a host of Alien creatures. A group of coming-of-age Predators have also come to the temple, as it has long been a training ground for their race. From there on, it's Aliens vs. Predators, with the humans caught in the middle. Mof Set in the early 21st century on Earth, Charles Weyland, an industrialist billionaire, leads an archaeological expedition in Antartica. Using thermal imaging satellites, Weyland believes to have discovered the ruins of an ancient pyramid temple that predates the Egyptian and Aztec pyramids buried under the ice. Once inside, the team finds the remains of humans with holes in the rib cage and the remains of facehuggers, meaning that the possibility of the temple being uninhabited is very unlikely. To make matters worse, a group of teenage Predators are coming to the temple to perform a coming-of-age ritual that involves fighting to the death with the aliens. Soon, it becomes clear that only one species is getting out alive. Harpster_2004 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The events of Alien vs. Predator are set in 2004 on Earth. As a Predator spacecraft nears the planet, Earth satellites detect a mysterious heat bloom beneath the ice of the island Bouvetya near Antarctica. Billionaire Charles Bishop Weyland assembles a team of scientists to investigate the heat source and claim it for his multinational communications company Weyland Industries (foreshadowing the Weyland-Yutani Corporation of the Alien film series).The team includes paleontologists, archaeologists, linguistic experts, drillers, mercenaries and a "rough and tumble" female guide named Alexa "Lex" Woods, Weyland himself, and a down in luck archaeologist Sebastian. Wayland's tell the team that through 3-D construction of the heat bloom shows a pyramid with traits of nearly every pyramid culture. Lex states that it would take three weeks to train everyone properly,when Weyland refuse this she attempts to leave, but Sebastian persuades her to stay. As the Predator ship reaches Earth orbit, it blasts a shaft down through the ice towards the source of the heat bloom. When the human team arrives at the site above the heat source, an abandoned whaling station, they find the shaft and descend beneath the ice. There they discover the pyramid and begin to explore it, finding evidence of a civilization predating written history and what appears to be a "sacrificial chamber" filled with human skeletons with ruptured rib cages. Unknown to the humans, their entrance has caused an Alien queen to awaken from cryogenic stasis, bound in chains and is tortured to begin producing eggs. The team then proceeds to a lower level where they discover a sarcophagus with an Aztec calendar combination lock set for 1904 (the year in which the whaling station was abandoned). Sebastian sets the lock for the current date and it opens revealing three Predator plasma cannons. Meanwhile, three Predator warriors (Chopper, Scar and Celtic) land and kill off the humans at the surface, making their way down to the pyramid and arriving just as the team removes the weapons from the casket unwittingly causing several humans become trapped in the "sacrificial chamber". Alien eggs emerged from trap doors and quickly hatch into facehuggers attaching themselves to the humans. Chestbursters soon emerge from the humans and quickly grow into adult Aliens. The screams of their colleges attract the attention of Lex's party and they then attempt to exit the pyramid. They are soon attacked by the three Predator (who are after their stolen cannons) and several of them are killed. Suddenly the pyramid corridor shifts given the Aztec calendar happens every ten minutes, separating them from each other and turning it into a maze. Lex, Sebastian and Weyland, and one of the mercenaries managed to escape the maze, the rest are captured by the Aliens. Suddenly, the Predators emerge killing the surviving mercenaries and corning the remain three humans. One alien emerges and quickly kills one of the Predators (Chopper). The second Predator (Celtic) battles the creature while Lex and the others escape. The Predator puts up a good fight cutting off its tail, surviving its acid blood and trapping it in a self tightening net causing it serious injuries, but it manages to kill the Predator with its inner mouth. Lex and the other still attempt to escape, but are pursued by the lone Predator (Scar). Weyland attempts to hold it off, but is easily overpowered, Scar uses his helmet to see inside Weyland's body and sees that he's terminally ill with advanced lung cancer. The Predator spares him and attempts to chase after Lex and Sebastian, Weyland uses his inhaler and a flare to try and set it on fire. Unfazed and enraged the Predator kills him with his wrist blades. Lex and Sebastian manage to get away in a sealed chamber, while Scar kills a facehugger and Alien. Through a hole in the wall Lex and Sebastian witness it removing its helmet and marking it's face and helmet with the Alien's acidic blood. Sebastian figures outs the story. They look away just before Scar is impregnated by a facehugger. Through translation of the pyramids hieroglyphs, the explorers learn that the Predators are a "warrior race" that have been visiting Earth for thousands of years. It was they who taught early human civilizations (the Sumerians, Egyptians, Mayans, Thai, Khmer, among others) to build pyramids and they were worshiped as gods by the humans. Every century, they would visit Earth to take part in a rite of passage in which several humans would sacrifice themselves as hosts for the Aliens (called serpents), creating the "ultimate prey" for the Predators to hunt. If overwhelmed, the Predators would activate their self-destruct nuclear weapons to eliminate the Aliens along with themselves, and destroying the civilizations in the process. They deduce that this is why the current Predators are here, to hunt the Aliens again. The survivors further reason that the heat bloom from the pyramid was given off to attract humans for the purposes of making new aliens to hunt and the items from the casket were their weapons. Lex decides to find the Predator and return the weapons to him,Sebastian hesitates, but realizes the Predators must be allowed to succeed in their hunt so that the Aliens do not spread to the rest of Earth. Lex and Sebastian attempt to search the Predator but are attacked by an Alien chasing them to a collapsed bridge. Sebastian jumps across successfully, but Lex lands on loose stones and is saved by Sebastian who manages to pull her up before being snatch by the Aliens. Lex runs from the site and is confronted by Scar. He's about to strike, but Lex stops him and returns his weapon. Suddenly another Alien attacks, knocking down the Predator and attack Lex, but she uses the Predators spear weapon to impale and kill it. Scar then uses the energy weapon to gun down a swarm of incoming Aliens, they retreat when the Queen calls for them. Lex and the Predator ally with each other with Scar making Lex a spear from the killed Aliens tail and a shield from its skull which is impervious to the acidic blood. Meanwhile the Alien queen has summoned the other Aliens who proceed to cut her, spilling her blood on her chains and corroding them. Meanwhile Lex and the Predator enter a chamber covered in Aliens' secreted resin, the bodies of the mercenaries and full of Alien eggs. Lex find Sebastian, but hes already been implanted with an embryo, and begs Lex to kill him before it emerges. Lex reluctantly complies shooting him right before the chestburster emerges. One leaps at Scar, who grabs it in mid-air and kills it by snapping its neck. By this time the Queen is freed from her bound, detaches her egg-sack and begins to charge through pyramid intend to reach the surface. Scar senses its approach and uses its helmet to see every egg in the room is about to hatch and follow the Queen. The Predator detaches and activates hes self-destruct device to destroy the pyramid, he and Lex run out of the pyramid, and are pursued by the Aliens who proceed to attack and wound Scar's arm. Lex however activates the lift to the surface and they ride to the surface before the bomb goes destroying the pyramid and the Aliens. Lex and the Predator then escape the collapsing of the whaling station caused by the blast. As a sign of trust Scar removes his helmet and Lex allows him to mark her with his clan symbol on her cheek. Suddenly the Alien queen emerges from the ice and attacks them. Scar fires a series of needles and uses a throwing disc to cut its neck and head, but it knocks him down with its tail. Lex then stabs it with her spear sending it into a burning shack. The queen, enraged proceeds to chase Lex through the stations whale bone graveyard to the edge of cliff trapping her under a water tower. Scar returns and frees Lex, then noticing the broken chains are still attached to the queen proceed to tie it to the water tower. The tower however snags at the last minute and the queen proceeds to stab the Predator with its tail, before it can land a killing blow, Lex frees the tower sending it and the queen to the ocean floor. Scar though dies from his wounds A Predator ship suddenly de-cloaks and several Predator warriors appear. They collect their fallen comrade and their leader (possibly their Clan Leader) wearing a cape and full body armor covered in trophies and a spear weapon resembling a trident, recognizes Lex as now one of their own after seeing the symbol on her right cheek, honors her by giving her his spear. As they retreat into space, a chestburster erupts from the dead Predator. It appears to be an Alien/Predator hybrid, as it has the characteristic jaw mandibles of both species. 
 T2 Trainspotting (2017)431) After 20 years abroad, Mark Renton returns to Scotland and reunites with his old friends Sick Boy, Spud, and Begbie. First there was an opportunity......then there was a betrayal. Twenty years have gone by. Much has changed but just as much remains the same. Mark Renton (Ewan McGregor) returns to the only place he can ever call home. They are waiting for him: Spud (Ewen Bremner), Sick Boy (Jonny Lee Miller), and Begbie (Robert Carlyle). Other old friends are waiting too: sorrow, loss, joy, vengeance, hatred, friendship, love, longing, fear, regret, diamorphine, self-destruction and mortal danger, they are all lined up to welcome him, ready to join the dance. Sony Pictures Entertainment 20 years after betraying his friends and running off with (almost) all the money from a scam, Mark Renton is back in Edinburgh. It is his first time back since the events that split him, Spud and Simon apart. He looks up Spud and Simon but their lives are hardly much better than when he last saw them. Spud, after getting his life together, has seen it all unravel, to the point that he is suicidal. Simon is running his father's loss-making pub, in between bouts of blackmail. Meanwhile, the fourth person in their caper of 20 years' ago, the psychotically intense Begbie, is in jail. He has no intention of staying incarcerated and revenge is foremost on his mind. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Mark Renton (Ewan McGregor) running on a treadmill at the gym. He sees flashes of himself in his younger days, and as he's distracted, he slips off the treadmill and goes unconscious. We see a clip of Mark as a child with his best friends Simon "Sick Boy" Williamson (Jonny Lee Miller), Daniel "Spud" Murphy (Ewen Bremner), and Francis "Franco" Begbie (Robert Carlyle) as they play football on the streets with other kids from their neighborhood. In the present day, Franco meets with his lawyer, Stoddart (Steven Robertson), who tells him that his parole has been denied due to his violent nature. Franco insults Stoddart for bringing him bad news. The lawyer is ready to push the yellow buzzer button under the table for the guards outside the room to come in to restrain him, which Franco can see. He then lunges at Stoddart. Meanwhile, Spud is in a group meeting for drug addicts, as he is still unable to kick his heroin addiction. He tells everyone how because he didn't realize it was daylight savings time, he was an hour late for work and was fired, then an hour late to everything else in the day, including a custody hearing between him and his former partner Gail (Shirley Henderson). Spud cares deeply about their son, "Wee" Fergus, but Gail won't let Spud stay in their lives due to his habits. Elsewhere, Simon approaches a businessman named Tulloch (Gordon Kennedy) in his car. He shows Tulloch a flash drive containing a video of Tulloch getting penetrated by a prostitute, who is really Simon's Bulgarian girlfriend Veronika (Anjela Nedyalkova). Simon blackmails Tulloch for money or else he will show the video to Tulloch's wife. Simon has also developed a serious cocaine habit. Mark returns home to Edinburgh, Scotland for the first time in 20 years since he stole money from Franco and left 4,000 to Spud. Mark visits his father (James Cosmo), who tells Mark that his mother had passed away in his absence. She had always hoped Mark would return. Spud writes a letter to Gail and Fergus to apologize for his screw-ups and say he only wants to see them smile again. Mark goes by his apartment and breaks part of the door off to see Spud attempting to suffocate himself with a plastic bag over his head. Mark kicks the door down and helps Spud as he pukes inside the bag. Mark rips the bag open and saves Spud. However, Spud isn't happy to see Mark after the last time they saw each other. Even after Mark left Spud with the money, Spud wasted a lot of it on smack. He's angry with Mark for ruining his life, and now his death. Franco is in the hospital after getting an inmate to stab him in the abdomen. When he is left alone in his room, Franco leaves and knocks out a doctor to escape the hospital undetected. Mark goes to the Port Sunshine pub that Simon runs. There is only one other patron there. Mark wants to make amends with Simon, but he is also not very pleased to see Mark again. The two start fighting violently around the pub until they're both hurt and tired. Simon later talks to Veronika about running into Mark again. He plans to bring him into their venture to create a "sauna" (brothel), but Simon is only using Mark under the pretense of friendship. Franco returns to his old home to find his wife June (Pauline Turner) startled to see him again. He then sees his son, Frank Jr (Scot Greenan), older than the last time Franco saw him. He embraces his son and learns he has applied to go to university. Franco later tries to have sex with June but he cannot maintain his endurance. Mark takes Spud running up Arthur's Seat in an effort to help his friend kick his addiction. He later goes to Simon's house as he's watching a bizarre music video. Mark admits he previously lied about having two kids, although he is going through a divorce and is losing his job. Mark also mentions having a metal plate in his chest after suffering an episode, and after doctors told him it would last him 30 years, he had a crisis about what he would do with another 30 years of life. Franco takes Frank Jr. with him to burgle houses and then bring some of the stolen goods to Franco's old mate Mikey Forrester (Irvine Welsh), who has moved up in the world since he last saw Franco and the other guys. Mark, Simon, and Veronika drive out to Glasgow to the 1690, a unionist pub. Veronika stays in the car while Mark and Simon go around picking peoples' cards out of their coats. They try to leave, but the pub owner tells them they can't leave without singing a song. The two awkwardly go up as Simon sits to play the piano. Mark makes up lyrics about the Battle of the Boyne, which gets the crowd cheering and uproarious as Mark sings about "there were no more Catholics left". He and Simon then leave feeling victorious. They and Veronika then continue to bond over their business venture and shared interests. Veronika jokes that Mark and Simon should just fuck each other, but also notes that they are stuck living in the past. Franco learns that Frank Jr. wants nothing to do with his criminal activities and would prefer to go to uni. Franco insults his son and tries to egg him on to hit him, but Frank Jr. never makes a move, leading Franco to continue insulting him. Simon gets arrested when one of his blackmailing victims comes forward to the police. He calls Mark for help getting a lawyer. Mark and Veronika visit Mark's old girlfriend Diane Coulston (Kelly MacDonald) to get Simon out. Diane asks Mark if he and Simon are still doing heroin. When they finish the meeting, Diane privately tells Mark that Veronika is too young for him. After Simon gets out, he is visited at the pub by Franco. They discuss Mark and getting back at him while doing lines of cocaine. Mark spends time with Veronika on his own as he is attracted to her, and she prefers his company over Simon's, even though she says she may like Simon more than he likes himself. Veronika asks Mark over dinner about his "Choose Life" shirt. He then goes into an updated "Choose Life" monologue that becomes very passionate. Veronika says she likes Mark, and they later go home and have sex. Meanwhile, Spud is making active efforts to better himself. He takes up boxing lessons, cleans out his belongings, and has even written down stories based on his experiences with his friends. Mark, Simon, and Spud go by a location their late friend Tommy MacKenzie took them to in their younger days. Simon blames Mark for Tommy's death as it was he that introduced Tommy to heroin. Mark fires back by reminding Simon of how his addiction led to the death of his baby Dawn, and how she would have been a woman now. Simon is left silent. Mark and Simon go to the Scottish Parliament to pitch their Port Sunshine venture for a loan of 100,000 pounds. They succeed in getting the money. They later do heroin for the first time in years. The guys go to a nightclub. Mark goes to use the toilet, and doesn't know Franco is in the stall next to him. Franco drops his Viagra pills into Mark's stall, and they exchange banter as they slowly realize they are speaking to each other. Mark runs like hell out of the club as Franco gives chase. He follows Mark to a parking garage. Mark hops on top of a van as it is driving away. Franco slashes Mark's arm as the van passes, but Mark still manages to escape him. Mark and Simon are approached on the streets by a rival sauna owner in the area. He takes the two to the woods and forces them to strip naked and abandon their sauna venture so as to not have competition. Mark and Simon must go home nude until they pass a barn and take wrapping to cover themselves. Franco visits Spud to learn of Mark's whereabouts. He discovers Spud's memoirs, including the incident in the first film where Franco chucked a glass at a woman's face and pretended it wasn't him. Franco also learns about the money that Mark left Spud. Veronika then visits Spud as she has been helping him out as well. Franco threatens them both but lets Veronika leave once she gives him her phone. Franco texts Mark and Simon to make it look like Veronika is asking to meet them both at the pub. Franco later visits June and Frank Jr. one last time, knowing they probably won't see him for a long time after this. Mark and Simon go ahead to the pub, not knowing they were both called there. Spud runs in to try and warn them of Franco, but it's too late. Franco fights his old friends and knocks Simon out before he chases Mark upstairs. Mark tries to appeal to Franco by reminding him of when they met as children. Mark tries to escape over the open ceiling, only for Franco to push him through and cause him to get his neck wrapped in wires, leaving him hanging. Franco goes to finish Mark off, only for Simon to spray something in Franco's face, and finally having Spud knock Franco out with a toilet. They help Mark down and put Franco's body in the trunk of their car so they can return him to prison. Veronika tries to convince Spud to go away with her and to take the money from Mark and Simon. Spud says he'd only use his money on drugs, but he wants to leave his money to Gail and Fergus. Using his forgery skills, he has their money transferred to another account, so Veronika can return to Bulgaria to reunite with her son and mother. In the final scenes, Spud decides to write his memoirs into a book, which he has Gail read first. Mark and Simon, meanwhile, have repaired their friendship. Mark goes back home to be with his father. He goes into his old bedroom and plays "Lust For Life" on his record player. 
 Wonder Woman (2017)651) When a pilot crashes and tells of conflict in the outside world, Diana, an Amazonian warrior in training, leaves home to fight a war, discovering her full powers and true destiny. Diana, princess of the Amazons, trained to be an unconquerable warrior. Raised on a sheltered island paradise, when a pilot crashes on their shores and tells of a massive conflict raging in the outside world, Diana leaves her home, convinced she can stop the threat. Fighting alongside man in a war to end all wars, Diana will discover her full powers and her true destiny. ahmetkozan When army pilot Steve Trevor crashes on the warriors' secluded island paradise, disrupting the fictitious all-female sanctuary of Themyscira created by the Gods of Olympus, Princess Diana of the immortal Amazons aids for his rescue and wins the decisive right to escort him home, heading to an early 20th Century London to stop the war she believes is influenced by the God Ares. Leaving behind the only life she's ever known and entering the cynical world of men for the first time, torn between a mission to promote peace and her own warrior upbringing, as a "Wonder Woman," Diana must fight evil in a "war to end all wars," while hoping to unlock the potential of a humanity she doesn't always understand. Asif Ahsan Khan Before she was Wonder Woman she was Diana, princess of the Amazons, a trained warrior in the sheltered Amazon island of Themyscira. In 1918, when the American pilot Steve Trevor crashes offshore and tells Diana about World War I and the conflict in the outside world, she leaves home to embark on a journey to end all wars, discovering her full powers and true destiny. Tiffany Adachi Isolated from men and the entire human race, the highly trained pacifist and magnificent Amazon warrior-princess, Diana of the mystical Themyscira, leads a disciplined but peaceful and safe life in the bosom of her fierce tribe of elite fighters. However, Diana's cocooned world will turn upside down, when the intrepid American pilot and the first man ever to set foot on the idyllic island, Steve Trevor, reveals a horrible reality, as a devastating great war threatens to consume humankind. At the height of WWI, the unlikely duo embark on a perilous mission to do battle with an all-powerful adversary, in an all-out war that will end all wars. Can the extraordinary Wonder Woman defeat Ares, the merciless God of War? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Diana Prince (nm2933757) is entering the Louvre, in Paris, France. A van from Wayne Enterprises delivers a briefcase from Bruce Wayne, which contains an old photograph of Diana alongside four men during World War I. A note from Bruce says he would like to hear the story behind the picture. Decades in the past, when she was a child, Diana (played by Lilly Aspell) grew up on the island of Themyscira. The mighty Amazons, an all-female warrior clan, lived there secretly and secluded. She watches the warriors training on the field under General Antiope (Robin Wright). Diana wants to be a fighter like the rest of the Amazons, but her mother, Queen Hippolyta (Connie Nielsen) forbids her daughter from training. Hippolyta tells Diana that Zeus made the humans with a good nature. However, Ares, the god of war, corrupted them. Humans were filled with suspicion and jealousy. They were constantly at war. The other gods tried to stop Ares, but he killed them one by one. Zeus also struggled until, with his last strength, he hit Ares so hard that "he was forced to retreat". Later, Zeus forged a weapon that can destroy Ares. With Zeus's dying breath he created the secluded home for the Amazons named Themyscira, with an enchanted barrier to hide them from the rest of the world. Diana wants to see the great weapon so later, Hippolyta shows Diana the powerful sword known as the God Killer. She explains that it can kill the god Ares, but Hippolyta hopes that there will never be a need to wield it. Antiope convinces Hippolyta to let her train Diana, wanting her to be ready to face Ares, because they all know he's still out there. Hippolyta reluctantly agrees. Through the years, Antiope subjects Diana to harsh and intense training in the field. As she reaches adulthood, Diana continues training to be as fierce as the other Amazons. During one session, Antiope pushes Diana hard with her swordplay, leading Diana to defend herself by deflecting the sword with her gauntlets. This causes Antiope to fly back and hurt herself. Diana shows great remorse for hurting Antiope. She leaves in shame, but Antiope is far from upset. Diana runs over to a cliff. In the distance, a plane passes through the barrier into Themyscira before crashing into the ocean. Diana dives into the water and swims toward the plane. A pilot named Steve Trevor (Chris Pine) is sinking as he cannot break himself free from his seat. Diana pulls him out of the plane and takes him to shore. As she becomes surprised to see a man for the first time, German soldiers following Steve make it past the barrier as well. The Amazons arrive as they find Diana with Steve, but also see the Germans. The Amazons ready their arrows, and the Germans aim their rifles. The arrows are launched and shots are fired. The Germans make it to the shore and battle the Amazons. Several Amazons are shot dead while the Germans get taken out easily. Antiope fires three arrows at once to kill three soldiers. One soldier aims his gun at Diana, and Antiope leaps in to take the shot. Diana rushes to Antiope's side. As she dies, she tells Diana it is her time to wield the God Killer. Steve is interrogated before all the Amazons with the Lasso of Truth. He is forced to confess that he is a spy with the Allied forces. Steve explains to the Amazons about World War I and how he has learned of a sinister plan by Germany's General Erich Ludendorff (Danny Huston) and his chief chemist Dr. Isabel Maru, AKA Dr. Poison (Elena Anaya). They are concocting a new bio-weapon, which Steve claims is unlike anything he's seen before and tells the Amazons they are in more danger than they realize. Steve acted as a spy in the German army before stealing Maru's notebook and flying away with it as he destroyed the Germans' other planes until they followed him to the island. Diana realizes this must be the work of Ares. Steve is allowed to bathe in the Amazons' fountain to replenish himself. Diana walks in and accidentally sees him nude. She asks what "that" is, and Steve says it is his father's watch, which he says he follows to let him know what to do in the day. Diana is confused by the device and its uses. Still fearing that Ares is behind the ongoing war, Diana grabs her shield, lasso, and then takes the God Killer sword from its holding, along with her battle suit. She goes to tell Steve she will help him get home if he takes her to Ares. The two head for the shore but are approached by Hippolyta and other Amazons. Diana is insistent that she goes out there to stop Ares and end the war. Hippolya tearfully embraces her daughter one last time and tells her she has always been her greatest love, but today she is her greatest sorrow. She gives Diana Antiope's tiara as a parting gift, but warns her that if she leaves she may not be able to return to Themyscira. As Diana and Steve depart, Hippolyta confides to an Amazon that Diana can't know what she really is, or else Ares will find her faster. Diana and Steve arrive in London. The two meet with Steve's secretary, Etta Candy (Lucy Davis). Before they can deliver Maru's notebook to Steve's superiors, they find Diana an appropriate outfit to wear so she can blend in for the time. Diana and Steve are then cornered by some men in an alley. They draw their guns, but Diana beats them all down, even letting Steve punch the last guy out. Ludendorff meets with Maru in her lab. She has developed a new type of gas for the general so that he may maintain his super strength. Maru then comes across a formula on her table, which she thinks is the breakthrough they've been looking for. Diana and Steve head on over to a meeting held by Sir Patrick Morgan (David Thewlis), who is planning to negotiate an armistice with Germany. The men in the room are immediately distracted by Diana's presence. Steve is forced to take her outside. Later, he presents Sir Patrick with the notebook. Since the writing is in Sumerian, Steve has Diana (who speaks hundreds of languages) translate it for the other men. They learn that Ludendorff and Maru are planning to create a new kind of hydrogen-based mustard gas that would be far more lethal to the soldiers. After hearing that the British general is planning to send his troops to the Western Front and go in to most likely get killed, Diana becomes enraged and tells the general that a good leader would fight alongside his men. Steve pulls Diana out again as she tells him that she believes Ludendorff is Ares in disguise. Steve confides to Diana that he will personally take her to the Front. Steve brings Diana to meet his teammates. They first stop at a pub and find Sameer (Said Taghmaoui), a spy who is instantly attracted to Diana. Next is Charlie (Ewen Bremner), whom Steve says is a skilled marksman, but they find him getting beaten up by another man for accidentally taking his glass. The man attempts to shoot Charlie, but Diana intervenes and knocks the man down. The four then head out to meet The Chief (Eugene Brave Rock), a smuggler. Ludendorff meets with some of his comrades to discuss what he has planned. After they express some doubts and lack of confidence in his work, Ludendorff and Maru demonstrate their work by throwing the gas bomb in the room, killing all the men. The team makes it to the Front. They walk through the trenches, and Diana speaks to a local woman who is distraught over what has been taken from them by the German army. Not wanting to wait any longer, Diana dons her tiara and steps out into the battlefield with her armor. The German soldiers begin to fire upon her, but she easily deflects their bullets with her gauntlets. Diana proceeds to beat down the enemy soldiers while Steve and his team follow. Once she takes out most of the soldiers on the ground, the men help Diana leap to a sniper tower, which she instantly demolishes. The townspeople celebrate and cheer for Diana. Steve later learns that Ludendorff will be attending a gala the next day. He has Etta locate the area for him, but Sir Patrick urges Steve not to go ahead and do it. Steve naturally ignores him. He then tells Diana about the gala and how she would be unprepared for it, so he shows her how to dance. They go up to a room to be alone, and they share a kiss. The team heads over to the gala in disguise. Steve pretends to be a German officer with Sameer being his driver as they improvise entering without an invitation. Diana finds a snooty woman and steals her dress. Steve attempts to sweet-talk Maru to get more information, but he becomes distracted when he sees Diana enter in the blue dress. Diana sees Ludendorff and gets ready to kill him, but Steve stops her from messing up the plan. However, Ludendorff proceeds to launch gas bombs into the nearby town. Diana runs ahead but is too late. She sees the townspeople dead in the streets and can only look on with despair. Steve runs by and Diana is angry with him for not letting her kill Ludendorff before this happened. It is learned that Ludendorff plans to use a plane to drop a number of gas bombs down on London. Diana rushes to an airbase where the German soldiers are gearing up for their attack. Diana beats down some soldiers before making her way to Ludendorff. He inhales Maru's strength gas and fights Diana. Ludendorff puts up a good fight until he runs to the roof. Diana bursts through and impales Ludendorff with the God Killer. He dies but Diana sees that the soldiers are still pushing the gas bombs into the plane. Steve shows up and Diana is confused as to why the war isn't over if she killed Ares. Steve says that maybe the war isn't a result of a god but rather that there are just bad people out there. He leaves, and Diana looks back inside Ludendorff's office to see Sir Patrick. Diana realizes it is him that is really Ares. He tells Diana how he only provided secret influence to people like Ludendorff and Maru to get their work going, but it was their own evil, as well as the darkness of other men, that led to the war. Diana tries to kill Ares with the sword, only for him to destroy it. He tells Diana that it is she who is the real weapon forged by Zeus. She is the real God Killer. Using the Lasso, Ares shows Diana what can happen if she joins him and if they rid the world of mankind. She refuses, and they begin to fight. Steve and his team get past the Germans. They consider shooting the plane down, but the explosion would kill anyone within 50 Miles. As Diana and Ares' fight extends onto the tarmac, Steve runs by Diana, says something quick, and he gives her his father's watch. He hijacks the bomber plane and flies it away. As he gets high enough, Steve aims his gun at the bombs. He takes a moment to consider what he's doing, but he knows what he has to do. He shoots the bombs, sacrificing himself as the plane blows up. Diana sees this and yells in agony. Ares only uses this to try and sway her even more to join him as he dons his armor. Ares brings Maru before Diana and removes Maru's mask to reveal her disfigured face. He tries to convince Diana to kill her. Diana lifts up a tank, but she recalls what Steve just told her. He said he can save the day, but she can save the world. He told her he loved her before taking the plane. Diana drops the tank and lets Maru get away. Diana tells Ares that she believes in love. Ares fires a blast of energy at Diana, but she absorbs it with her gauntlets and directs it back toward Ares, destroying him for good. The soldiers are then broken free of their corruption. Everyone celebrates the end of the war. Diana sees a wall of the fallen heroes, including Steve. Back in the present, Diana sends a message to Bruce Wayne, thanking him for the photograph and letting her keep a piece of Steve. Her voice-over then reassures that she will continue dedicating her life to justice. With that, Diana leaps across the sky to continue her work as...WONDER WOMAN. 