nm0005575:

 Beverly Hills, 90210 (19902000)Summaries A group of friends living in Beverly Hills, California make their way through life from their school days into adulthood. Originally based around the lives of a group of high school students living in the wealthy Beverly Hills neighborhood, then later moving on to their college days as they got older. The kids become friends and enemies, fall in and out of love, and go through an endless series of crises as this small group somehow becomes personally involved in every newsworthy social issue from alcoholism to South African apartheid to pregnancy to AIDS. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sharknado (2013 TV Movie)321) When a freak hurricane swamps Los Angeles, nature's deadliest killer rules sea, land, and air as thousands of sharks terrorize the waterlogged populace. Against all logic and the laws of nature, an unprecedented hurricane off the coast of Mexico rips out a ravenous shiver of sharks, making its way towards southern California. As the freakish meteorological phenomenon brings violent tempests and towering, shark-infested tidal waves, the former surfing champion and Santa Monica Pier bar-owner, Finley "Fin" Shepard, embarks on a peril-laden journey to Beverly Hills, fearing for the life of his estranged wife, April, and his teenage daughter, Candice. Now, Fin; his friend, Baz; barmaid, Nova, and his regular customer, George, must fight tooth and nail to stay alive, as batch after batch of the flying oceanic predators rains down on the unsuspecting Angelenos, gobbling down everything in their path. Who can stand in the way of the mighty Sharknado? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with a sea captain and his crew illegally capturing sharks off the coast of Mexico and slicing off their fins, tossing the dead sharks back into the sea. An Asian man, known only as Mr. Palmer, is seen below deck with the captain, Santiago, and the man offers $100,000 for the captain's cache of shark fins. Captain Santiago scoffs at the offer and asks for $1,000,000. When Palmer questions why (the shark fin soup offered to him by the captain was 'good, not great') Santiago states that a record-breaking pod of 20,000 sharks is passing through the waters, implying the catch will be well worth the price. When Palmer offers $500,000, the captain pulls out a loaded gun and lays it on the table, and Palmer reluctantly agrees to the $1,000,000, and offers $100,000 hidden in a tackle box as down payment. The captain seals the deal by telling the man that he knows the secret to shark fishing -- that man should not be afraid of the sharks, but the sharks should fear man. A storm kicks up on deck, and the captain goes to investigate. Returning below deck, he finds Palmer, the gun and the tackle box missing. Santiago and Palmer confront each other on deck while sharks begin to jump aboard the ship and chomp various crew members. Palmer and Santiago are both eaten as the sharks are shown swimming in greater and greater numbers around the ship whilst the storm swirls around the now-empty boat. At the Santa Monica Pier, beach goers are preparing to surf, and we meet Finley "Fin" Shepard (Ian Ziering) and his best friend Baz (Jaason Simmons). Fin is a former champion surfer who now owns a bar built on the outer edge of the pier, surrounded by ocean. Fin is excited about the announcement that a storm brewing in Mexico will soon reach their shores, bring great surf. Inside the bar, George (John Heard) is a patron with a permanent seat, always perched on his red stool. He regularly flirts with the waitress Nova (Cassie Scerbo). Nova has a mysterious scar on her leg that she will not discuss. A little later, while Fin is walking down the beach and enjoying looking at the surf, he witnesses a fellow surfer get chomped by a shark. Baz, who is nearby on a jet ski, tries to get to Fin, but Fin is too busy trying to get the attention of the other people in the water, yelling that there is a shark. Soon it is obvious there are many sharks, and chaos ensues as the people in the bar hear the commotion and run out, the folks on the sand panic, and the people in the water experience various forms of shark-bite injuries. Baz is attacked on the jet ski by a shark that leaps out of the water and bites his leg. Fin paddles over and bravely rams it with his surfboard, and the shark lets go. Fin and Baz head inland on the jet ski. On shore, medics are ready to assist Baz with the minor "flesh wound" to his leg, while others are writhing on the beach missing limbs. Nova shows up, and chastises Fin for not being more careful - she clearly has a crush on Fin, who reminds Nova that he is too old for her. Meanwhile, Baz is providing comic relief while he gets a bandage on the 6-inch long gash on his leg. With everyone safely back inside the bar a short time later, the storm gets worse, and Fin is nervous. He insists on calling April (Tara Reid) his ex-wife to make sure she and his teenage daughter Chloe (Aubry Peebles) are safe. Nova is surprised to learn her boss has an ex-wife and daughter. With April clearly hostile on the phone, Fin insists on coming to get them since the storm will cause flooding and the house is less than 10 miles from the beach. April advises Fin that he need not be responsible for them anymore because her boyfriend Colin (Christopher Wolfe) says everything is fine. As the storm rages outside, and the waves pummel the windows of the bar, Fin decides to go see April and Chloe anyway, and announces the bar is closed. As he says this, a shark bursts through the front window of the bar, carried in on a massive wave. As the great white wriggles along the ground looking for humans to chomp, Nova grabs a pool cue and stakes the shark right through the head. Nova really, really hates sharks. As the people run from the bar and try to escape the storm, sharks begin flying through the air, propelled by the water and winds, and chomp quite a few people. The group of Fin, Nova, Baz and George agree that they need weapons, and each one gets an item from the bar. Nova takes a pump-action rifle from behind the bar, and George takes his barstool. The storm loosens the Ferris wheel on the pier, and the wheel begins to roll, chasing down and crushing a few people lucky enough to escape the sharks. As the winds calm down, Fin sees his bar destroyed, and the area is flooded with ocean water as the sea rises. In the flood waters are hundreds of sharks, obviously from the large "pod" mentioned earlier. The group of friends decides to help Fin on his quest to get to April and Chloe, and pile into Fin's truck. Getting to the house is an adventure, as the group encounters much flooding (Fin's truck has a sealed engine so he can get the through the water) and many stranded motorists. As the storm gets worse, so does the flooding, and soon sharks are swimming right alongside the truck. At various points, the group stops to assist people, and Nova is very handy with the rifle as she shoots more than her fair share of sharks. George is the first casualty, when he uses his barstool-weapon to break a window for a dog locked in a woman's car. A shark swallows him in front of the stunned friends. When Fin, Baz and Nova arrive at the enormous and beautiful ex-home of Fin's, April is still angry. She insults Nova and Baz, and won't listen to Fin when he warns her that the flooding and storm is coming. Suddenly, a shark bursts forth out of a manhole (from the sewer system) and Nova blasts it with the shotgun like a skeet shooter. April lets the group in the house. Inside, April is still in denial and Chloe is a brat. Boyfriend Colin then makes an appearance and tells Fin that until his monthly visitation week arrives, Chloe is none of his business. Fin tries to tell April about the sharks, and Colin steps up to the living room window to show Fin there are no sharks when . . . BAM! One comes flying through the window at him. Baz, Fin and Nova try to rescue him, but he's torn to bits. Now April is convinced, and agrees to go with them further inland. Chloe mentions that they have to get Matt (Chuck Hittinger) who is in flight school in Van Nuys. Nova is shocked to learn Matt is Fin's son, and Fin is angry that no one told him Matt was in flight school. On the way to Van Nuys, many sharks are fought, and many lines are said that give homage to "Jaws." Fin continues to show his good-guy nature by rescuing an entire school bus of teens, and Robbie the Bus Driver (Robbie Rist) dies a uniquely funny death. Along the way, the truck is destroyed during a shark encounter and Baz steals a tricked-out Humvee. Once in Van Nuys, the storm has reached hurricane proportions and three enormous waterspouts have formed over the ocean and come inland, each one swirling hundreds of hungry sharks in its funnel. Matt is found, his flight instructor is sucked out of the hangar into one of the funnels, and a few sharks fall out of the sky at various intervals and must be killed. Realizing the local nursing home residents are in trouble, and the town must be saved, Matt concocts a plan to throw homemade bombs into the twisters, hoping the explosion will equalize the pressure and neutralize the twisters and bring the sharks back down to earth. Because Matt is the only student at flight school with helicopter flying experience, he volunteers to go up and fly close enough to the twisters to toss the bombs in, and Nova volunteers to go with him. This seems to bond them, and they develop a mini-crush on each other, and Nova reveals the reason for the scar on her leg (a childhood shark attack that killed her family --marvelously clever Jaws reference inserted here). The conveniently-next-door hardware supply store provides the group with fresh ammo, bomb materials and Fin takes a liking to a chainsaw. Meanwhile, Baz starts working on plan B, rigging bombs up to the Humvee, saying he will sacrifice himself to drive the vehicle into the twisters if it comes to that. Fin stays on the ground with April and Chloe to kill the sharks that will rain down once the twisters die. In the sky, Matt and Nova neutralize two of the twisters rather easily, and the ground team kills a lot of sharks very creatively. Baz gets attacked and eaten. With one twister remaining, Chloe throws the bomb but it doesn't work. A shark chomps onto the choppers' "skis" and won't let go, tipping the chopper sideways in the air. Nova falls out and is swallowed whole by a great white soaring by while a terrified Matt watches. Fin realizes the third twister must be stopped and drives the Humvee close to the twister, sets the bomb, and jumps out at the last minute. The explosion stops the last twister. Matt manages to expertly land the chopper that is now on fire. As sharks rain around them, Fin returns to the group and sees a shark soaring through the air, straight at Chloe's back. Fin pushes his daughter to safety and, holding the running chainsaw out in front of him, manages to allow the great white to swallow him in one gulp. As his loved ones look on, the shark flops around on the ground, its stomach wriggling. Suddenly, Fin cuts through the shark from the inside, and emerges from the gooey insides of the man eater. Reaching in, he pulls out Nova, who is unconscious. A shark-goo covered Nova gets CPR from a smitten Matt and survives, while April reluctantly kisses the super-gooey Fin, our movie's hero. 
 Sharknado 4: The 4th Awakens (2016 TV Movie)321) Fin, his family and the cosmos have been blissfully sharknado-free in the five years since the most recent attack, but now sharks and tornadoes are being whipped up in unexpected ways and places. It's been five years since the last shark-Armageddon that devastated Washington, D.C. in Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No! (2015) , and the world can now benefit from this hard-earned peace, thanks to Aston Reynolds' revolutionary atmosphere stabilisers. However, as Fin is heading to Vegas for a family reunion, in the meantime, menacing clouds are beginning to form, and a brand-new Sharknado formation is at hand. Under those circumstances, once again, Fin, his old friends, and some new ones will have to battle against massive shark-infested cyclones, in a colossal Sharknado extravaganza with thousands of razor-sharp teeth. More and more, mutated types of evolved cyclones destroy everything in their path, as the mother of all Sharknadoes awakens. Can Fin dodge a bullet for the fourth time? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the five years since the previous film, Fin has moved to a farm in Kansas named "April's Acres," where he lives with his mother Raye and young son Gil. April is believed dead after being crushed by the wreckage of the space shuttle. Tech mogul Aston Reynolds (based on Tesla, Inc. co-founder and SpaceX founder Elon Musk) has developed a new type of high-speed space travel with his company Astro-X (a play on SpaceX), which was used to save Fin's father, Colonel Gilbert Shepard, from the moon. Astro-X has also developed a technology that is capable of using radio waves to diffuse tornadoes, leading to the end of the sharknado phenomenon. Fin travels to Molong with his cousin Gemini to meet up with his son Matt, who has returned from deployment in Iraq. Meanwhile, Reynolds has built and is opening a shark-themed hotel featuring a giant tank of sharks. While Matt and his fiance, Gabrielle, marry and skydive from a plane, a sandstorm tornado develops that cannot be diffused by Astro-X. The tornado absorbs the water and sharks from Reynolds' hotel, creating the first sharknado in five years. The streets of Las Vegas flood, but Fin, Gemini, Gabrielle, and Matt work together to survive the storm until it heads back out into the desert. Since returning from the moon, Col. Shepard has become an employee of Astro-X, working on the development of a weaponized mech suit with the aid of his granddaughter Claudia in San Francisco as well as April's father Wilford, a scientist. However, he is unaware that Wilford has reconstructed April into a cyborg to save her life, and told her that Fin and their family were killed by the shuttle debris to keep her at his laboratory. Fin, Gabrielle, Gemini, and Matt decide to take a train back to Kansas, only for the sharknado to follow the train after destroying the Hoover Dam. Astro-X blows up the Grand Canyon to stop the resulting flood, but as an accidental result the sharknado picks up stones to become a "bouldernado." The train ends up in Arizona, where Fin meets Aston Reynolds at Astro-X. Fin's group ends up in a small town in Texas, where they acquire chainsaws and construction gear to fight off the sharknado, which hits an oil field and transforms into an "oilnado" and then ignites into a "firenado". Meanwhile, two other sharknadoes develop, one near San Francisco that heads north and become a "hailnado," and the other near Yellowstone National Park that quickly transforms into a "lavanado." At the Kansas State Line, Fin, Gemini, Gabrielle, and Matt pick up a red-and-white self-driving car that is a 1958 Plymouth Belvedere named Christine from Fin's friend, Colton, and reach April's Acres just before the sharknado - which has now picked up cows and become a "cownado" - strikes and Gabrielle is killed, to Matt's devastation. The house is picked up by the tornado and thrown all the way to Chicago, where it lands on the mayor. Elsewhere, April - who has learned of her family's survival and left Wilford's lab after angrily confronting him - saves Col. Shepard and Claudia from the hailnado in San Francisco. Later, Reynolds brings the three of them to Fin, Gemini, Matt and Gil, reuniting April with Fin and allowing her to introduce herself to Gil for the first time. Reynolds informs the group that Astro-X has developed a way to alter their beacon pods in order to shut down the new sharknadoes. This method works on the hailnado and lavanado, but the cownado has since evolved further into a "lightningnado," and its electricity blocks their attempts. The situation further worsens when the lightningnado strikes a nuclear power plant (the Perry Nuclear Power Plant) in Ohio, transforming it into a deadly "nukenado" filled with radioactive sharks. Reynolds realizes that the only way to stop the nukenado from destroying everything in its path is to transform it back into a regular sharknado so Astro-X's pods will work on it, and the engines of Col. Shepard's mech suit can be used to power a device to remove the radioactivity from the storm by drawing massive amounts of water into it. Fin realizes that the only location with enough water to work is Niagara Falls, so they travel there with the nukenado following them. At Niagara Falls, Reynolds volunteers to jump near the falls with a squirrel suit to set off the device, which will reverse the water flow upward into the nukenado and cool it. However, the device does not have enough power, and Reynolds falls off a cliff. Col. Shepard volunteers to pilot the mech suit to complete the plan, but is swallowed by a shark before he can put it on. Fin puts on the suit and flies into the storm alongside April - who can fly and shoot laser beams from her hands - to fight through and reach the device. Claudia and Matt are also swallowed by sharks. Fin manages to use the suit's power supply to activate the device, but he is electrocuted in the process and bitten in the chest by a shark. Niagara Falls is reversed into the nukenado, neutralizing its radiation and rendering it a normal sharknado again. The Astro-X technicians activate the pods, destroying the storm. However, Fin becomes unconscious and falls over the cliff and is swallowed by a shark, which is promptly swallowed by three more sharks and a blue whale in quick succession. Gil, having survived by going over Niagara Falls in a barrel, pulls his own small chainsaw out of a stone and cuts open and enters the whale, where he cuts open the sharks to reveal Col. Shepard, Matt and Claudia all alive. Together they pull Fin out, but he has no pulse. April and Colonel Shepard use CPR on the unconscious Fin. Using her power supply and two sharks to create an improvised defibrillator, April manages to revive him. Just as the Shepard family rejoices, the Eiffel Tower falls from the sky, having been blown all the way from France. Nova, who was earlier mentioned to have been vacationing in Paris, emerges from the wrecked structure, causing the Shepards to realize that the sharknado crisis is not only not over, but may now be a global problem. In a post-credits scene, Reynolds is revealed to have survived. 
 Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No! (2015 TV Movie)321) A monstrous tornado unleashes ravenous sharks from Washington, D.C., all the way down to Orlando, Florida. As if the second shark-infused tornado in Sharknado 2: The Second One (2014) wasn't enough, yet a third one hammers Washington, D.C., just when battle-scarred Fin was about to receive the prestigious Medal of Honour from the President himself. With the White House completely levelled and the capital in lock-down, Fin embarks on a dangerous journey to Florida's Universal Orlando Resort to find April, as an unstoppable swarm of violent mini-sharknadoes swiftly converge into one giant meteorological monster that threatens to obliterate the entire East Coast. Now, April, Nova Clarke, and Fin's estranged father, Gil Shepard, must come up with an effective strategy to destroy the pitiless atmospheric menace with the thousands of teeth. However, this time, it's a do-or-die situation. Is there a plan B, or is this the end of the world as we know it? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, Fin Shepard (Ian Ziering) is seen running frantically through Washington DC. He's picked up by two agents who escort him to the White House. A ceremony is held for him in honor of his heroics against the sharknados in Los Angeles and New York the previous year. Fin receives a golden chainsaw as part of an exclusive society from the President Marcus Robbins (Mark Cuban). Fin's nephew Martin Brody (Mark McGrath) is also there in attendance. One security guard (Lou Ferrigno) also takes a picture with Fin. Suddenly, a sharknado strikes, sending dozens of hungry sharks down on the city. As people are ripped apart, Fin grabs his golden chainsaw and slices through the sharks like butter. Outside, the storm destroys the Washington Monument and causes it to plow through the White House. Fin, the President, Martin, the Vice President Sondra Beck (Ann Coulter) and others try fighting back until the storm abruptly stops. Meanwhile, April (Tara Reid) is remarried to Fin and expecting another kid. She also has a mini-chainsaw to replace the left hand that was eaten in the last movie. She's with her mother May (Bo Derek) and her and Fin's daughter Claudia (Ryan Newman) at Orlando, Florida to check out the Universal Studios park. Claudia goes off to meet her friend Jess (Blair Fowler) while April stays with her mom. May worries that Fin's heroics would be hazardous for the baby and their renewed marriage. Fin heads to Florida to find his loved ones when another sharknado strikes in a town that he is driving through. As the sharks rain down, Fin is helped by his old friend Nova (Cassie Scerbo) and her new partner Lucas (Frankie Muniz). Nova kills several sharks and takes Fin with her. Since almost dying in the first movie, she has toughened herself up and has been tracking sharknados to prevent further devastation. Lucas thinks it's cool how Fin has defeated countless sharks, especially during the battle in New York, but Fin is still mourning the loss of his friend Skye. The three head to a military airport to meet with Fin's other old friend General Gottlieb (Tim Russ). He allows Fin, Nova, and Lucas to enter and for Fin and Nova to pilot jets to get through the storm. Another sharknado comes down, killing numerous soldiers. Lucas rushes to detonate a bomb, but he keeps getting his limbs ripped off by sharks. He finally sets the bomb off, killing himself and other sharks. In Orlando, April starts to panic when a shark falls down a water slide, eating a lifeguard. She rushes to find Claudia, who, along with Jess, has joined with a boy named Billy (Jack Griffo) and his buddy Chad (Melvin Gregg). Chad hits on Jess and gets her to go along with him on the Disaster ride, with Claudia and Billy reluctantly joining them. While flying in their jet, Fin and Nova spot another sharknado about to hit the Daytona 500. The sharks rain down and eat several racetrack fans and drivers like Brad Keslowski. The sharks start coming down on Orlando as the kids are still on the ride. They fall in during the special effects part of the ride, and one shark eats Chad. The rest of them make it out, but Jess gets eaten too. Even George RR Martin gets eaten while watching a movie (fittingly called "Shark Wedding"). The heroes realize that a multitude of storms are coming, creating a massive "sharkicane" that will ravage the East Coast. Fin decides he must seek help from one person - his estranged dad and retired NASA Colonel Gil (David Hasselhoff). Fin finds Gil in a diner with his two old army buddies Stylo and Caissier (Penn and Teller). Fin asks Gil to join the mission to take down the sharknados. Fin, Gil, and Nova rejoin April, Claudia, Billy, and May. The first four go to NASA and are allowed to commandeer a shuttle into space so that they can deploy tanks full of rocket fuel to stop the sharknados that begin to rain down on the area. Claudia and Billy join a soldier as they shoot at the sharks. The kids grab guns and fire back until they run out of bullets. Billy opens the door to the roof for Claudia to get back in and kisses her. Unfortunately, he gets eaten too. While Nova remains behind to provide covering fire from her air force jet, Fin, Gil and April launch into space and deploy the massive tank, causing a huge explosion that only briefly halts the storm. Gil finds another solution, and that is to activate an old satellite that would deploy a laser beam at the sharks. Gil says goodbye to Fin, knowing this would mean he has to sacrifice himself. Gil goes off into space and turns the satellite on, shooting the laser beam and stopping the sharknados from spreading. However, this also causes the sharks to somehow be pulled into orbit toward the shuttle. They start chomping through the shuttle until Fin uses a lightsaber-type chainsaw against the sharks. One of the sharks swallows April whole. Fin rushes to save her, but he gets swallowed by another shark. The sharks start hurtling back toward earth in flames. Fin rips through his shark and lets a parachute guide him down. As he lands, Fin rips himself out of the shark. The shark carrying April lands, and Fin hears her chainsaw revving. Out of the shark comes a human baby that April somehow managed to give birth to inside the shark. It's a little boy. Fin pulls April out as well. They are rejoined by Nova and Claudia. Fin decides he wants to name the baby after his dad. He looks to the moon and salutes, and we see Gil saluting back. But several pieces of debris from the shuttle starts plummeting toward April as she walks across the field strewn with the dead sharks. Before we see what happens, the announcer says viewers have the choice to decide if #AprilLives or #AprilDies, and her fate will be revealed in "Sharknado 4," because THEY AREN'T DONE YET! 