nm0004778:

 Detachment (2011)55) A substitute teacher who drifts from classroom to classroom finds a connection to the students and teachers during his latest assignment. In Director Tony Kaye's Detachment, Academy Award winner Adrien Brody stars as Henry Barthes, an educator with a true talent to connect with his students. Yet Henry has chosen to bury his gift. By spending his days as a substitute teacher, he conveniently avoids any emotional connections by never staying anywhere long enough to form an attachment to either students or colleagues. When a new assignment places him at a public school where a frustrated, burned-out administration has created an apathetic student body, Henry quickly becomes a role model as a teacher who actually cares about the well-being of these students. In finding an emotional connection to the students but also fellow teachers and a runaway teen, he finds that he's not alone in a life and death struggle to find beauty in a seemingly vicious and loveless world. Tribeca Film Henry Barthes is a high-school substitute teacher emotionally detached from everyone but his grandfather. When he was a seven year-old boy, he saw his mother committing and he is a traumatized and sad man. Henry is assigned to work for one-month in a decadent public school and along this period, he meets the teenage prostitute Erica on the streets and he brings her to his apartment to take care of her. In his class, he feels affection for the troubled student Meredith and tries to help her. These adolescents change his emotions toward people. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Roaming from school to school, substitute teacher, Henry Barthes, never stays long enough to form any semblance of sentient attachment--the perfect profession for one who is seeking to hide out in the open. However, one day, after arriving at his next assignment, Henry feels that three women of this particular school--Meredith in his first period; the fellow teacher, Ms Madison, and a streetwalker named Erica--have somehow awakened a secret world of well-hidden emotion within him. And, just like Henry, these women find themselves in a constant search for meaning in a harsh, faceless world. Nick Riganas Detachment is a chronicle of three weeks in the lives of several high school teachers, administrators and students through the eyes of a substitute teacher named Henry Barthes. Henry roams from school to school, imparting modes of knowledge, but never staying long enough to form any semblance of sentient attachment. A perfect profession for one seeking to hide out in the open. One day Henry arrives at his next assignment. Upon his entry into this particular school, a secret world of emotion is awakened within him by three women. A girl named Meredith in his first period, a fellow teacher, Ms. Madison, and a street hooker named Erica, to whom Henry has personally granted brief shelter from the streets. Each one of these women, like Henry, are in a life and death struggle to find beauty in a seemingly vicious and loveless world. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Grand Budapest Hotel (2014)871) A writer encounters the owner of an aging high-class hotel, who tells him of his early years serving as a lobby boy in the hotel's glorious years under an exceptional concierge. This movie recounts the adventures of M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes), a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel between the wars, and Zero Moustafa (Tony Revolori), the lobby boy who becomes his most trusted friend. The story involves the theft and recovery of a priceless Renaissance painting and the battle for an enormous family fortune - all against the backdrop of a suddenly and dramatically changing continent. Fox Searchlight Pictures A teenage girl visits the monument of the writer who penned the book, "The Grand Budapest Hotel". In 1968, that author was inspired to write the book when he visited that hotel, located in the European mountainous country formerly known as Zubrowka. Once a luxurious hotel, it, in 1968, has fallen on hard times. The author meets the then current owner, Mr. Zero Moustafa (F. Murray Abraham), who recounts the story of how he became the hotel's owner and why he holds onto it and keeps it open despite it obviously making him no money. Zero's story begins in 1932, when the hotel was in its golden era. Zero (Tony Revolori) was the novice immigrant lobby boy, who, like all the other hotel staff, was under the guidance of M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes), the devoted concierge. Gustave aimed to please, he giving the guests whatever they wanted, especially the wealthy blonde women. The story largely revolves around one of those women, the wealthy Madame Cline Villeneuve Desgoffe-und-Taxis - better known as Madame D. (Tilda Swinton) - her opportunistic son Dmitri (Adrian Brody), the bequeathing of a valuable painting called "Boy with Apple" to Gustave, the mysterious circumstances surrounding her death which is initially pinned on Gustave, and the attempts of Zero, his girlfriend - a baker's assistant named Agatha (Saoirse Ronan) - and others to clear Gustave's name while Dmitri does whatever he needs to get what he believes is rightfully his, namely the painting. Huggo A writer travels to the decadent Grand Budapest Hotel in the mountains of the Republic of Zubrowka and he meets the owner Mr. Zero Moustafa (F. Murray Abraham), who is a very simple man. Zero invites the author to have dinner with him and he tells his story and how he became the owner of the hotel. In 1932, in the glorious days of the Grand Budapest Hotel, Zero Moustafa (Tony Revolori) is hired to work as lobby boy under the command of the legendary concierge M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes), who becomes his friend. Gustave efficiently manages the hotel and staff and also attends the sexual needs of the old ladies lodged at the hotel. He spends one night with Madame Cline Villeneuve Desgoffe-und-Taxis, a.k.a. Madame D. (Tilda Swinton) and soon he learns that she was found dead at home. Gustave summons Zero to travel with him to the funeral and he learns that he has inherited the valuable painting "Boy with Apple". Madame D's son Dmitri (Adrian Brody) and her family do not accept that a concierge may have inherited the painting and Gustave and Zero steal it and return to the Grand Budapest Hotel. Gustave promises Zero that he would be his heir for helping him. But Gustave is falsely accused of murdering Madame D. and is arrested and imprisoned. Will his friend Zero let him die in prison? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the far reaches of Eastern Europe in the former Republic of Zubrowka, there once was the Grand Budapest hotel. A writer remembers a stay at the hotel during the off season many years ago and recalls the tales he heard of the hotel's past from the elderly owner, Mr. Zero Moustafa (F. Murray Abraham). He tells the young writer about how he came to acquire the hotel and of the original concierge of the Grand Budapest, M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes). Young Zero (Tony Revolori) was a lobby boy at the time and accompanies Gustave to the reading of a will after one of their regular guests dies. She leaves Gustave a valuable painting, but when the woman's son challenges the will, Gustave and Moustafa steal the painting setting off a series of events that will lead to Moustafa's present circumstance. garykmcd In the 1930s, The Grand Budapest Hotel is a popular European ski resort, presided over by concierge M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes). Zero Moustafa (Tony Revolori), a junior lobby boy, becomes Gustave's friend and protg. Gustave prides himself on providing first-class service to the hotel's guests, including satisfying the sexual needs of the many elderly women who stay there. When one of Gustave's lovers dies mysteriously, Gustave finds himself the recipient of a priceless painting and the chief suspect in her murder. Jwelch5742 M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes), the famous concierge at a legendary hotel situated in the Alps during the 1930s becomes the center of a farcical whirlwind of suspicion when one of his institution's oldest and richest patrons turns up dead, and she suspiciously leaves him her most priceless work of art - a Renaissance painting of a boy with an apple. Infuriated that she left anything of value to anyone else, the woman's greedy and nefarious heir uses all manner of underhanded and illegal tactics to pin her death on Gustave and to silence anyone who questions his objective of inheriting every penny of her estate, leaving Gustave's trusted lobby boy Zero Moustafa (Tony Revolori) to clear Gustave's name and prove that the grand lady's killer is none other than her own son, Dmitri (Adrian Brody). Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A young woman walks into a cemetery in the Republic of Zubrowka, a place said to have fallen on hard times. She passes a bench with three men singing and then approaches a memorial with several hotel keys attached to it, dedicated to a man known only as Author. The woman puts a key on the memorial and then takes out a book titled "The Grand Budapest Hotel". 1985 - We meet the Author (Tom Wilkinson) in his home as his grandson runs around firing his toy gun. The Author addresses the audience and begins to tell the story behind his book as it was told to him in a very unexpected way. 1968 - In his youth, the Author (here played by Jude Law) travels to Zubrowka, a place that has been devastated by war. He ventures up to The Grand Budapest Hotel, which was once well-renowned. It sees very few guests apart from the Author, and several unnamed patrons. One day while chatting with concierge M. Jean (Jason Schwartzman), they happen to see an old man (F. Murray Abraham) sitting in the lobby by himself, looking rather sad and lonely. When The Author asks who he is, Jean informs him that the old man is Zero Moustafa, the owner of the hotel. It is widely-known that Mr Moustafa has procured many other fine lodgings throughout the world, but Jean surprises The Author, when he explains that in The Grand Budapest, he occupies a small servant's quarters. However, their conversation is interrupted when a man in the lobby begins choking. As Jean rushes to help him, The Author returns to his room, via elevator. As the days go on, curiosity about Moustafa continues to haunt The Author, until they chance to meet in the hotel's bath. Moustafa invites the Author to dine with him that evening. When they meet again, Zero begins to tell his story. Part 1 - M. Gustave 1932 - Zero starts off his story in his teenage years. We first see Zero (here played by Tony Revolori) assisting other members of the Grand Budapest Hotel, at the beck and call of the legendary concierge, M. Gustave H. (Ralph Fiennes), as they prepare a meal for the concierge, and an elderly woman known as Madame D. (Tilda Swinton). During the meal, the old woman tells how she is frightened to leave the hotel, afraid she'll never see Gustave again. The man keeps assuring her that she's worrying over nothing. Before her car pulls away, she requests that the concierge light a candle for her, before the say "I love you," and she is driven back to her home. It was then that Zero was "formally" introduced to Gustave. Originally wishing to just send him off to light the candle as Madame D has wished, Gustave soon questions the young man's employ. Soon finding out he's there on a 'trial basis,' Gustave initiates an impromptu interview with Zero. Despite what Zero begins telling him, Gustave determines that the boy has no hotel experience, education, or family. When asked why he would want to be a lobby boy, Zero replies, "Who wouldn't, at the Grand Budapest Hotel?" Gustave is pleased with this answer. Zero asks him if he was ever a lobby boy. Gustave merely replies, "What do you think?" With Gustave acting as his mentor, Zero works at the hotel just as quickly and efficiently as everybody else. He never misses any detail to ensure the guests are perfectly pleased with their visit, taking all the tips Gustave gives him, to heart. As for just who owns The Grand Budapest, the identity of the hotel's owner is a mystery, but it is well-known that the owner sends an emissary, Deputy Kovacs (Jeff Goldblum) to the hotel to check up on business. Zero also learns that many of the hotel's most special guests would come for Gustave. It became well-known that the man would sleep with a number of elderly blonde women with insecurities and a need for attention. During this time, Zero would come to meet the love of his life, Agatha (Saoirse Ronan), a baker with a distinctive birthmark on her cheek who works at Mendl's, Gustave's favorite pastry shop. However, though Old Zero makes a small mention of her (now), he quickly moves on to other matters in his story. Part 2 - Madame C.V.D.u.T While fetching newspapers one morning, an article catches Zero's eye. He rushes back to the hotel to show Gustave, that Madame D. has been found dead in her bathroom. A shocked Gustave immediately takes Zero on a train where they travel to Madame D.'s estate. On the train, they stop by a barley field on a day that is known as the "Closing of the Frontier". Gustave and Zero see soldiers standing in the field. A group of soldiers enter and ask to see the documents of both men. Gustave shows his papers, but Zero has none as he is an immigrant. The main soldier orders Zero to come with him. Gustave defends Zero and gets into a fight with the soldiers. They pin the two of them against the wall, and Gustave, seeing Zero in trouble, barks at the soldiers, "TAKE YOUR HANDS OFF MY LOBBY BOY!" The fracas soon catches the attention of Inspector Henckels (Edward Norton), who enters the car, and quickly recognizes Gustave! When Gustave hears the names of Henckel's parents, he quickly remembers who they were, as well as Henckel's childhood name of "Little Albert". Henckels gives Zero a pardon for the trip, but urges him to get official papers immediately. Gustave and Zero soon after, arrive at Madame D.'s mansion. Her maid, Clotilde (Lea Seydoux), guides them to the old woman's body lying in a casket. Gustave speaks to her corpse, praising her as if she were still alive. Eventually, Clotilde tells Gustave that the butler, M. Serge X (Mathieu Amalric), wishes to speak to him. However, Serge is frantic and panicky, and quickly rushes off, with Gustave and Zero in pursuit. They soon find themselves in the trophy room of the house, where all manner of relations to Madame D are present for the reading of her will. Surprising to both Gustave and Zero, is Mr Kovacs, who is the executor of her estate, and who has analyzed her will, and its numerous amendments. Key among the inheritors mentioned, are her son Dmitri (Adrien Brody) and his three sisters, Marguerite (Michaela Caspar), Laetizia (Sabine Urig), and Carolina (Heike Hanold-Lynch). There are also small provisions for other members of the family, but Kovacs claims that a new amendment was sent to his offices just recently. Reading it aloud, the amendment (which is still being investigated), thanks Gustave for his kindness, and allows him ownership of cherished painting, titled "Boy With Apple." When Gustave steps forward, Dmitri angrily confronts him, hurling several homophobic slurs, and refusing him the painting. A small war of words causes a small scuffle among Dmitri, Gustave, Zero, and Dmitri's right-hand man, J.G. Jopling (Willem Dafoe). Gustave then takes Zero to the room where "Boy With Apple" is hanging. After admiring it for a little while, the two take it down, and replace it (with a rather vulgar painting). Gustave then has Serge wrap up "Boy With Apple". Unseen by anyone else, Serge tucks an envelope labeled "CONFIDENTIAL" into the rear of the painting, before it is wrapped in brown paper, and given to Gustave. Before Gustave and Zero leave, Gustave remembers that Serge had wanted to speak to him before about something, but the Frenchman does not say anything more. On the train ride back, Gustave claims he will cherish the gift from Madame D, but quickly realizes that Dmitri may come looking for the painting. He proposes to Zero that they sell off "Boy With Apple" on the black market, and, in exchange for his services, Zero will be given 1.5% of the cut and Gustave will make him his heir. Zero agrees, and quickly jots down the concierge's declaration, to make it "official." Once back at the hotel, the two hide "Boy With Apple" in the hotel's vault, before Henckels arrives, to arrest Gustave as the suspect murderer in Madame D's death. As Zero watches, Gustave attempts to run, but Henckels and his men give chase. Part 3 - Check Point 19 - Criminal-Interment Camp One week before his trial, Gustave is imprisoned. Going to visit him, Zero is shocked to find his senior has suffered injuries, but Gustave simply claims he had to prove himself to the others, once they questioned his virility. Zero has also met with Mr Kovacs, who explains that a deposition was given by several members of Madame D's family, that Gustave had secretly entered the mansion, and poisoned Madame D with strychnine. However, the one who claimed to have seen the events unfold, Serge X, has gone missing. Gustave is pretty sure that Madame's family forced Serge to bear false witness, and though Gustave has an alibi as to where he was at the time, he fears bringing the woman to whose company he was in (the Duchess of Westphalia) into the events, as it will ruin her reputation. In the meantime, Dmitri has secretly begun his own search for the missing Serge, sending his henchman Jopling to check on Serge's sister, who claims she has not seen her brother recently. Zero soon ends up acting as the middle-man for Gustave's correspondence with the staff of the Grand Budapest, reading them the concierge's letters, and his own prose poems. Gustave also requests that any issues should be addressed to Zero in his absence. Back in the prison, Gustave has almost become a concierge to the inmates there, serving many of them mush with a cheery air. He has also shared the Mendl's pastries he receives, with several inmates: Pinky (Florian Lukas), Wolf (Karl Markovics), Gunther (Volker Michalowski), and Ludwig (Harvey Keitel). Gustave's hospitality towards the men pays off, and they want to help him break out of the prison. However, the amount of tools to break out of the prison are limited, but upon looking at the Mendl's box, Gustave hatches a cunning plan. It is at this point where Old Zero becomes overwhelmed with emotions and he starts to cry. He explains to the Author that talking about Agatha makes him emotional. Old Zero then stops his main story, and gives some background on his and Agatha's relationship, of which even Gustave was privy to (though seemed to also flirt with, much to Zero's ire), even 'interviewing' the young woman to see if she was proper for his Lobby Boy. Returning to the story, Zero worked with Agatha, to place specific tools, baked into several pastries sent to Gustave. This fashioning of them to look like baked goods fooled the prison guards, and allowed Gustave and his comrades the proper tools to attempt their escape. In regards to Madame D's will, Kovacs is of the mind that something is missing from the paperwork, and that along with the disappearance of Serge, the executor asks Dmitri and his sisters to bring the local authorities to look into the matter...of which Dmitri quickly refuses to do so. Dmitri simply seems to want what he feels is owed him, while Kovacs is of the mind that he must follow the instructions his former client laid out, and proceed in an honest matter. This retort is met with Dmitri storming out of the room, and Jopling throwing Kovac's cat out the window to its death. Later, Kovacs collects the cat's body and boards a trolley, but soon finds Jopling following him. Kovacs attempts to lose the bodyguard, by ducking into the Kunst Museum (after quickly disposing of his dead cat in a trash can). However, as he attempts to leave out a rear door, Jopling stops him, slamming the door, severing 4 of the man's fingers, before murdering him. Kovac's absence is felt the next day at The Grand Budapest, when a note is received from his office, telling that his usual visit has been cancelled. As the time for Gustave's escape draws near, Zero tells Agatha about "Boy With Apple." Fearful that he and Gustave might be caught, he gives her the necessary information to remove it from the hotel's vault (information which she reluctantly takes). At the prison, Gustave and his fellow inmates begin to put their plan of escape into action. Aside from a noisy prisoner who sees them escape (who is quelled by an inmate whom Gustave gave mush to), the group finds their biggest obstacle in an underground hatch, which is occupied with several guards playing poker. Gunther sacrifices himself for the group, killing the guards, but dying in the process. Finally, the remaining men reach the outside of the prison with Zero waiting for Gustave. Ludwig, Pinky, and Wolf part ways, overtaking a nearby bus. However, Gustave soon grows upset at Zero when he finds the lobby boy has not procured a safe house, spare clothes, or brought his favorite cologne. Gustave then angrily lashes out at the boy, criticizing his culture, before the boy shames the concierge, by telling how his family was killed, forcing him to retreat and look for work on his own. Gustave sincerely apologizes to Zero, before the escape sirens blare, and the two make a run for it. In the aftermath of the escape Henckels and his men investigate the break out, but also find Jopling in their midst. Henckels also informs Jopling that Madame D's lawyer was found dead just recently. Jopling claims he was aware Mr Kovacs had gone missing, but claims he knew nothing of the man's death, before being escorted from the prison. After traipsing across the snow-covered countryside, Gustave and Zero find a telephone box. Once he gets through, Gustave then relays a special request to... Part 4 - The Society of the Crossed Keys The society turns out to be an inter-woven group of numerous hotel concierges. Gustave's message for help, soon finds it's way through concierges M. Ivan (Bill Murray), M. Martin (Bob Balaban), M. Robin (Fisher Stevens), M. Georges (Wallace Wolodarsky), and M. Dino (Waris Ahluwalia). In the end, it is M. Ivan who retrieves Gustave and Zero from the countryside. The concierges have also learned through sources, that Serge has sought refuge in a mountain range known as Gabelmeister's Peak. The concierges have been able to obtain train tickets for the two, as well as Gustave's favorite cologne (though in a much smaller bottle, Ivan regrets to say). With Mr Kovacs now deceased, Dmitri attempts to go over the remnants of his mother's will. It is during this time that the painting "Boy With Apple" returns to his mind...and is the first time he has found it missing from the mansion's study! Clotilde the maid then confirms that the painting was removed by Gustave. During this time, Agatha decides to retrieve Boy With Apple" using Zero's information, but grows wary when she hears footsteps approaching her room. The next day, Serge's sister is found beheaded, the missing body part in a laundry basket (most likely the handiwork of Mr Jopling). Also near her, was a telegram envelope, with its contents missing. Henckel and his soldiers investigate, and also are able to retrieve the telegram's information from the offices, which tell Serge's sister to meet him near Gabelmeister's peak. Gustave and Zero attempt to rendezvous with Serge at an observatory near the summit of Gabelmeister's peak, only for several monks, to direct the two to a monastery high in the hills. In a confessional in the rear of the monastery, Serge informs Gustave and Zero of the death of his sister, as well as his witness to the creation of a second will Madame D had made (in the event she was murdered). Serge explains that Dmitri and his family destroyed it, but that he (Serge) was able to obtain a copy of it. However, before he can tell where it is, Serge falls silent. Gustave and Zero soon find that Serge has been strangled to death, and see Jopling leaving out a side door! The two give chase down the hills, Jopling on skis, and Gustave and Zero on a sled. The wild ride through the snow ends with Jopling pulling off to the side, while the sled plows into a hill, sending Zero into the snow, and Gustave hanging precariously over the edge. Jopling attempts to loosen the icy ledge that the concierge hangs from, when Zero pushes the deranged murderer over the edge, to his death. However, their victory is short-lived, as Henckel is seen across the way, demanding the two not move. Gustave and Zero then take Jopling's motorcycle, amid gunfire from Henckel's troops. Part 5 - The Second Copy of the Second Will The war finally comes to the residence of The Grand Budapest Hotel, with numerous members of the Military taking over its many rooms. In the absence of Gustave and Zero, concierge duties have now fallen to a man named M. Chuck (Owen Wilson) Retrieving Agatha, both Gustave and Zero have her enter the hotel under the guise of delivering complimentary pastries from Mendl's, as a cover to retrieve "Boy With Apple" for them. However, as they watch the front door, Dmitri and his sisters pull up to the entrance! As the family enters the lobby, Dmitri spies Agatha...who quickly turns around and attempts to escape. The two find themselves in an elevator, where Dmitri tears a corner of the paper wrappings...which reveals a portion of the painting to him. Once they arrive on the 6th floor, Dmitri attempts to chase. Meanwhile, fearing for Agatha's life, Gustave and Zero enter the hotel disguised as Mendl's associates...only to encounter Dmitri! Dmitri attempts to kill Gustave, but the gunfire rouses several other Military men on the floors, and an impromptu shootout breaks loose! Henckel soon reaches the floor, demanding all parties cease-firing. However, the silence is broken when Agatha's voice is heard calling for help! Zero sees her dangling off the edge of the third floor suite, the painting hanging nearby. Rushing to her aid, he ends up pitching over the edge along with her, before they both fall off the building...and through the roof of the Mendl's pastry wagon they came in! After "Boy With Apple" is retrieved, the Confidential paperwork Serge hid on the back is found. With Gustave, Dmitri, Zero, Agatha, and a number of the hotel staff and armed forces around them, Henckels opens the second will, and reads from its contents. Gustave is not only vindicated of Madame D.'s murder, but the second will also gives him numerous portions of numerous businesses she own, including ownership of the Grand Budapest Hotel (of which she was the previously-unknown owner!). In a newspaper article, it is also mentioned that her son Dmitri has disappeared without a trace (and who was suspected of the woman's murder now). As Old Zero continues the story, he notes that Gustave had almost taken on the same aire as the numerous older women he pleasured. As well, with Gustave now having new-found wealth and financial freedom, Zero was then promoted to concierge of the hotel. A scene is shown briefly of Gustave presiding over Zero and Agatha's wedding (with The Society of the Crossed Keys as witnesses), but Zero tells that both his wife and their first child died shortly afterwards, from a fatal disease. The story then switches to Gustave, Zero, and Agatha on a train (some time before her death). During this time, Gustave finally answered the question Zero had asked him some time ago, about if he ever was a lobby boy. The wealthy man says yes, but admits that Zero was a much better lobby boy than he ever was. During the journey, the train stops again in the same barley field as before, and a number of soldiers board checking for papers. While Gustave and Agatha check out, the soldier does not accept Zero's pass. Gustave attempts to use the pass Henckel gave them on their last trip, but the man tears it up, showing that it has no value in their current wartime climate, as the country on the pass (Zubrowkia) has now ceased to exist. Though Gustave threatens the soldier with punishment, the man knocks out Zero with the barrel of his gun, causing the former concierge of the Grand Budapest Hotel, to leap to his feet and assault the man. As Old Zero comes out of his story, the Author inquires what happened to Gustave after that. Old Zero then tells that the soldiers had him killed, and with his death, everything that he owned, was willed to him (Zero). After the story and their meal, the two men head to the front desk, though the concierge is nowhere to be found. Zero then goes behind the counter, and retrieves the keys to both of their rooms. One of the key's large tags reads: "M Gustave Suite." As they wait for the elevator to their rooms, The Author asks Zero if he chose not to sell the hotel to maintain a part of Gustave's world. Zero replies he kept the hotel as a tribute to Agatha, and the best years of his life. He believes the world Gustave had was gone before he worked at the hotel. He departs from the Author. The Author states that he would later travel to South America after visiting the hotel, which he describes as "marvelous ruins that he never returned to." The film closes with a shot of the young woman finishing the Author's book at the cemetery. 
 Midnight in Paris (2011)761) While on a trip to Paris with his fiance's family, a nostalgic screenwriter finds himself mysteriously going back to the 1920s every day at midnight. Gil and Inez travel to Paris as a tag-along vacation on her parents' business trip. Gil is a successful Hollywood writer but is struggling on his first novel. He falls in love with the city and thinks he and Inez should move there after they get married, but Inez does not share his romantic notions of the city or the idea that the 1920s were the golden age. When Inez goes off dancing with her friends, Gil takes a walk at midnight and discovers what could be the ultimate source of inspiration for writing. Gil's daily walks at midnight in Paris could take him closer to the heart of the city but further from the woman he's about to marry. napierslogs The successful Hollywood screenplay writer Gil Pender is spending his vacation in Paris with his fiance Inez and her parents since his future father-in-law is on a business trip. Gil is an aspiring novelist who loves Paris, and dreams of living in the city after getting married to Inez. Furthermore the romantic Gil believes that the golden age of Paris was in the 1920s and he loves to walk through the streets of the city. When Inez meets her former boyfriend, the pseudo-intellectual Paul, with his girlfriend Carol, they spend some time together visiting tourist attractions. At night they drink wine at a party and Paul invites the couple to go dancing with Carol and him. Gil, however, prefers to return walking alone to the hotel. At midnight an old car stops and the passengers invite him to go a party and soon he realizes that he is back in the 1920s, where he meets his favorite writers, musicians and artists and lives his dream. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Pasadena-based Gil Pender would rather be a novelist than the hack--albeit successful screenwriter--that he is. A romantic at heart, Gil has little in common with his fiance Inez or her wealthy conservative parents--she is much like them--whom Gil and Inez are with in Paris, accompanying them on her father's extended business trip. Gil, against Inez's sensibilities, would love to live in Paris so that he could write his novel full time, that novel which is a fantasy of his own life, complete in wanting to live in what he considers the golden era, 1920s Paris. Gil also has little in common with Inez's friends, most specifically Paul and Carol Bates--professor Paul, who Gil believes is pedantic as someone who spouts off everything about anything, but who Inez believes is brilliant. One evening while Inez ditches Gil for an evening out with Paul, Gil gets picked up by a group of party-goers in a 1920s vintage vehicle, who invite him along to their party. At the party, Gil meets a couple named Zelda and F. Scott Fitzgerald , their names which he initially believes is coincidence. He quickly comes to the realization that he has been transported back to 1920s Paris and the two are indeed the couple famed in literature. On subsequent evenings, Gil comes to the realization that he can travel back to this, his dream setting, at midnight every night at that exact location transported by that 1920s vehicle. Subsequently, he meets and befriends the elite of Paris arts and culture of the time, including Cole Porter , Ernest Hemingway , Gertrude Stein , Pablo Picasso , and Salvador Dal . Gil initially plans to share this revelation with Inez, until he meets Adriana, a muse of Picasso's. There is a seeming mutual attraction between Adriana and Gil. Although he would love for his midnight trips to last forever, his time especially with Adriana shows Gil what he truly is striving for in his present twenty-first century life. Huggo Gil Pender is a screenwriter and aspiring novelist. Vacationing in Paris with his fiancee, he has taken to touring the city alone. On one such late-night excursion, Gil encounters a group of strange -- yet familiar -- revelers, who sweep him along, apparently back in time, for a night with some of the Jazz Age's icons of art and literature. The more time Gil spends with these cultural heroes of the past, the more dissatisfied he becomes with the present. Jwelch5742 Midnight in Paris is a romantic comedy about a couple (Owen Wilson as Gil, and Rachel McAdams as Inez) who go for a family vacation in Paris, and the twist and turns of Gil's subconscious in a fantasy world filled with all his muse as a writer. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Gil (Owen Wilson), a successful but distracted Hollywood screenwriter, and his fiance, Inez (Rachel McAdams), are in Paris, vacationing with Inez's wealthy, conservative parents (Mimi Kennedy, Kurt Fuller). Gil is struggling to finish his first novel, which is about a man who works in a nostalgia shop, but Inez and her parents are critical and dismissive of Gil's desire to give up his lucrative Hollywood career to write it. While Gil is considering moving to the city, Inez is intent on living in Malibu. By chance, they are joined by Inez's friend Paul (Michael Sheen), a pseudo-intellectual who speaks with great authority but little actual accuracy on the history and art of the city. Inez idolizes him, but Gil, who is an ardent admirer of the Lost Generation, finds him insufferable. Paul and his wife Carol (Nina Arianda) invite Inez and Gil to go dancing. Inez accepts but Gil declines and chooses to return to the hotel through the streets of Paris, eventually becoming lost. As he stops, bells chime midnight and an antique car pulls up, and the passengers dressed in 1920s clothingurge Gil to join them. They go to a bar, where Gil comes to realize that he has been transported to the 1920s, an era he admires and idolizes in the novel he is writing. He encounters Cole Porter (Yves Heck), Josephine Baker (Sonia Rolland), and Zelda and F. Scott Fitzgerald (Alison Pill and Tom Hiddleston), who take him to meet Ernest Hemingway (Corey Stoll). Hemingway agrees to show Gil's novel to Gertrude Stein (Kathy Bates), and Gil goes to fetch his manuscript from his hotel. However, as soon as he leaves the bar, he finds he has returned to 2010. Gil attempts to bring Inez to the past with him the following night, but while they wait, she gets bored, and peevishly returns to the hotel. Just after she leaves, the clock strikes midnight and the car pulls up again, this time with Hemingway inside it. He takes Gil to meet Gertrude Stein, who agrees to read his novel and introduces him to Pablo Picasso (Marcial Di Fonzo Bo) and Picasso's mistress Adriana (Marion Cotillard), a beautiful student of couture to whom Gil is instantly attracted. The next day, back in 2010, Gil encounters Picasso's painting of Adriana at a museum, and recites much information about its creation, which annoys Paul (because it contradicts much of what he had been saying) and Inez becomes embarrassed, because she cannot appreciate what he is saying and believes Paul. Over the next few days, Gil spends each night in the past. His late-night wanderings frustrate Inez, who cannot understand his interest in Paris or his desire to write a novel, and arouse the suspicion of her father, who hires a detective (Gad Elmaleh) to follow Gil. This proves unsuccessful, as the detective attempts to follow the car and winds up lost in Versailles during the era of Louis XIV. Gil spends increasing amounts of time with Adriana, who leaves Picasso and has a brief dalliance with Hemingway. Gil realizes that he is falling in love with her, leaving him conflicted and confused. He confides his predicament to Salvador Dal (Adrien Brody), Man Ray (Tom Cordier) and Luis Buuel (Adrien de Van), but being surrealists they consider his position to be totally normal and see nothing strange about his coming from the future. While Inez shops for furniture in the March aux puces (flea market) on the outskirts of Paris, Gil meets Gabrielle (La Seydoux), an antiques dealer who shares his fondness for the twenties and the music of Cole Porter. Gil later discovers Adriana's diary from the 1920s in a book stall on the Seine and finds out that she was in love with him. Reading that she dreamt of receiving a gift of earrings from him and then making love to him, Gil attempts to steal a pair of earrings from Inez to give to Adriana but is thwarted by Inez's early return from a trip. Gil purchases earrings for Adriana and, returning to the past, confesses his love for her. As they kiss, a horse and carriage appears. They are invited inside by a richly-dressed couple and are transported back to the Belle poque, an era Adriana considers Paris's Golden Age. They are taken to the famous Maxim's Paris restaurant, and meet Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec (Vincent Menjou Cortes), Paul Gauguin (Olivier Rabourdin) and Edgar Degas (Franois Rostain). When Gil asks what they thought the best era was, the three determine that the greatest era was the Renaissance. The enthralled Adriana is offered a job designing ballet costumes, and proposes to Gil that they stay, but Gil realizes that despite the allure of nostalgia, it is better to accept the present for what it is. Adriana elects to stay in the past, and they sadly part ways. Gil retrieves his novel from Gertrude Stein, who praises his progress as a writer but questions why the main character has not realized that his fiance (based on Inez) is having an affair with a pedantic character based on Paul. Gil returns to the present and confronts Inez. She admits to sleeping with Paul but claims that it can be forgotten when they return to California. Gil breaks up with Inez and decides to remain in Paris. Taking a walk at midnight, he unexpectedly meets Gabrielle, and offers to walk her home. 
 The Pianist (2002)761) A Polish Jewish musician struggles to survive the destruction of the Warsaw ghetto of World War II. In this adaptation of the autobiography "The Pianist: The Extraordinary True Story of One Man's Survival in Warsaw, 1939-1945," Wladyslaw Szpilman , a Polish Jewish radio station pianist, sees Warsaw change gradually as World War II begins. Szpilman is forced into the Warsaw Ghetto, but is later separated from his family during Operation Reinhard. From this time until the concentration camp prisoners are released, Szpilman hides in various locations among the ruins of Warsaw. Jwelch5742 Filmmaker Roman Polanski, who as a boy growing up in Poland watched while the Nazis devastated his country during World War II, directed this downbeat drama based on the story of a privileged musician who spent five years struggling against the Nazi occupation of Warsaw. Wladyslaw Szpilman (Adrien Brody) is a gifted classical pianist born to a wealthy Jewish family in Poland. The Szpilmans have a large and comfortable flat in Warsaw which Wladyslaw shares with his mother and father (Maureen Lipman and Frank Finlay), his sisters Halina and Regina (Jessica Kate Meyer and Julia Rayner), and his brother, Henryk (Ed Stoppard). While Wladyslaw and his family are aware of the looming presence of German forces and Hitler's designs on Poland, they're convinced that the Nazis are a menace which will pass, and that England and France will step forward to aid Poland in the event of a real crisis. Wladyslaw's naivete is shattered when a German bomb rips through a radio studio while he performs a recital for broadcast. During the early stages of the Nazi occupation, as a respected artist, he still imagines himself above the danger, using his pull to obtain employment papers for his father and landing a supposedly safe job playing piano in a restaurant. But as the German grip tightens upon Poland, Wladyslaw and his family are selected for deportation to a Nazi concentration camp. Refusing to face a certain death, Wladyslaw goes into hiding in a comfortable apartment provided by a friend. However, when his benefactor goes missing, Wladyslaw is left to fend for himself and he spends the next several years dashing from one abandoned home to another, desperate to avoid capture by German occupation troops. A Jewish pianist named Wladislaw Szpilman was playing the piano on the radio station when an explosion occurred outside. It was the beginning of German Nazi occupation in Polland. When he returned home, his family was arguing over how they could keep the rest of their money so the German's couldn't see it. When they looked out the window, they saw their area was fenced. Since then, their life has become in a difficult situation. The German's deported his family and forcibly took on train way to concentration camp. Szpilman was left behind in the Warsaw Ghetto and struggled alone for survival. judytrinidad A brilliant pianist, a Polish Jew, witnesses the restrictions Germans place on Jews in the Polish capital, from restricted access to the building of the Warsaw ghetto. As his family is rounded up to be shipped off to the German Nazi labor camps, he escapes deportation and eludes capture by living in the ruins of Warsaw. Anonymous The true story of Wladyslaw Szpilman who, in the 1930s, was known as the most accomplished piano player in all of Poland, if not Europe. At the outbreak of the Second World War, however, Szpilman becomes subject to the anti-Jewish laws imposed by the conquering Germans. By the start of the 1940s, Szpilman has seen his world go from piano concert halls to the Jewish Ghetto of Warsaw and then must suffer the tragedy of his family deported to a German concentration camps, while Szpilman is conscripted into a forced German Labor Compound. At last deciding to escape, Szpilman goes into hiding as a Jewish refugee where he is witness to the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising (April 19, 1943 - May 16, 1943) and the Warsaw Uprising (1 August to 2 October 1944) Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "The Pianist" begins in Warsaw, Poland in September, 1939, at the outbreak of the Second World War, first introducing Wladyslaw (Wladek) Szpilman, who works as a pianist for the local radio. The Polish Army has been defeated in three weeks by the German Army and Szpilman's radio station is bombed while he plays live on the air. While evacuating the building he finds a friend of his who introduces him to his sister, Dorota. Szpilman is immediately attracted to her. Wladyslaw returns home to find his parents and his brother and two sisters, packing to leave Poland. The family discusses the possibility of fleeing Poland successfully and they decide to stay. That night, they listen to the BBC and hear that Britain and France have declared war on Germany. The family celebrates, believing the war will end quickly once the Allies are able to engage Germany. Conditions for Jews in Warsaw quickly deteriorate. Wladek meets with Dorota, who accompanies him around Warsaw to learn of the injustice Jewish people have to face under the new Nazi regime. Businesses that were once friendly to them now won't allow their patronage. Wladek's father is harshly forbidden to walk on the sidewalk in the city by two German officers; when he begins to protest, one of the men hits him in the face. The family soon has to move to the Jewish ghetto established by Nazi rule. The Holocaust is starting, and the family, though well-to-do before the war, is reduced to subsistence level, although they are still better off than many of their fellow Jews in the overcrowded, starving, pestilential ghetto. Wladyslaw takes a job playing piano at a restaurant in the ghetto, turning down an offer from a family friend to work for the Jewish Police, and the family survives, but living conditions in the ghetto continue to worsen and scores of Jews die every day from disease, starvation, and random acts of violence by German soldiers. One night the family sees the SS march into a house across the street and arrest a family. The eldest man is unable to stand when ordered because he is confined to a wheelchair and the SS officers throw him over the balcony to his death. The other family members are gunned down in the street and run over by the SS truck if they survived. By 1942, the aged father must apply for working papers through a friend of Wladek's, so that he can take a job in a German clothier. However, the day comes when the family is selected to be shipped to their deaths at the Treblinka concentration camp. Henryk and Halina are selected and taken away and the rest of the family is sent to the Umschlagplatz to wait for transport. They are later reunited. As the family sits under the blazing sun with hundreds of other Jews waiting for the trains, the father uses the family's last 20 zlotys to buy a piece of candy from a boy (who apparently isn't aware of his own impending doom). Each family member eats a tiny morsel of candy, their last meal together. As they are going to the trains, Wladyslaw is suddenly yanked from the lines by Itzak Heller, a Jewish man working as a police guard. Wladyslaw watches the rest of his family board the train, never to be seen again. He hides for a few days in the cafe he played piano in with his old boss there. He later blends in with the ten percent or so of the Jews that the Nazis kept alive in the ghetto to use for slave labor, tearing down the brick walls separating the ghetto and rebuilding apartment houses for new, non-Jewish residents. He is put to work, under grueling, abusive conditions, building a wall. He thinks he sees an old friend Janina Godlewska (a singer), but she passes quickly. He learns that some of the Jews are planning an uprising, and helps them by smuggling guns into the ghetto. While carrying bricks, he drops a load of them, is viciously whipped by an SS officer and is given a new job supplying the workers with building supplies. He also helps smuggle guns in potato sacks -- the weapons will be given to the resistance fighters on the other side of the wall for the uprising. At one point, he is almost caught by a German officer, who suspects that Wladek is hiding something in a sack of beans. After this close call, he decides he must escape and take his chances in the larger city. With the help of friend, Majorek (who was the friend that got his father working papers a few years before), he escapes and finds Janina and her husband. They take Wladyslaw to his caretaker Gebczynski (a man with the Polish resistance), who hides him for one night. The next day Gebczynski takes him to a vacant apartment near the ghetto wall, where he can live indefinitely on smuggled food; he must be silent however, since several non-Jews also live in the building and believe the apartment is empty. There, Wladek watches part of the Jewish Ghetto Uprising of April-May 1943, for which he helped smuggle the weapons, and watches weeks later as the uprising is finally crushed and its participants killed. Later, Gebczynski wants to move Wladek as the Nazis have found the weapons of the Polish resistance, forcing Gebczynski to be on the run also. Gebczynski says it's only a matter of time before the Nazis find the apartment Wladek is hiding in. Wladek decides to stay put, feeling safer where he is. His friend gives him an address to go to in case of an emergency, and leaves, gravely warning Wladek not to be caught alive by the Nazis. Wladyslaw remains in the apartment a few more months until he has an accident, breaking some dishes. The noise has blown his cover, and he has to scurry out of the building, being chased by an angry German woman who suspects him of being Jewish. Wladek goes to the emergency address he was given, where he surprisingly meets Dorota, who is now married, pregnant, and her brother dead. Dorota and her husband hide Wladek in another vacant apartment, where there is a piano, but his new caretaker, Szalas, is very slack about smuggling in food, and Wladyslaw once more faces starvation, and at one point almost dies of jaundice. Dorota and her husband visit him, finding him gravely ill. They report that Szalas had been collecting money from generous and unwitting donors and had pocketed it all, leaving Wladek to die in isolation. Wladek recovers in time to see the larger 1944 Warsaw Uprising, in which the Poles tried to retake control of their city. Soon the Germans start attacking the building and he has to flee. The Poles had expected the advancing Soviet Red Army to help them, but the Russians did not come, instead allowing the Germans to put down the revolt, and drive the entire remaining population of Warsaw out of the city. Wladyslaw hides in the abandoned hospital that had been across the street from his second hideout. The Germans had by then decided to burn Warsaw to ashes, so Wladyslaw flees the hospital and jumps back over the wall into the ghetto, now an abandoned, desolate wasteland of bricks and rubble. He stays there, rummaging through burned-out buildings to find something to eat, and continues to hide, until one night a Nazi officer, Captain Wilm Hosenfeld, finds him. To prove to Hosenfeld that he is a pianist, he plays a somber and brief rendition of Chopin's "Ballade in G Minor", the first time he has played since he worked in the Jewish ghetto years before. Hosenfeld, moved by Szpilman's playing, helps him survive, allowing him to continue hiding in the attic even after the house is established as the Captain's headquarters. Hosenfeld eventually abandons the house with his staff when the Russian army draws closer to Warsaw. Hosenfeld gives Wladek a final parcel of food and his overcoat. He asks Wladek his surname, which sounds exactly like "spielmann", the German word for pianist. Hosenfeld promises to listen for Wladek on the radio. Hosenfeld also tells him that he only needs to survive for a few more days; the Russian army will liberate Warsaw soon. Shortly afterward, Wladyslaw sees Polish partisans, and, overcome with joy, goes outside to meet his countrymen. Seeing his coat given to him by Hosenfeld, they think he is a German and try to kill him, before he can convince them he is Polish. In the Spring, newly freed Poles walk past an improvised Russian prisoner of war camp, and Hosenfeld is among the prisoners. The Poles hurl insults at the Germans through the fence, but when Hosenfeld hears that one of the Poles is a musician, he goes to the fence and tells him that he helped Wladyslaw, and asks him to ask Wladyslaw to return the favor, before a Russian soldier throws him back down on the ground. The Polish musician does indeed bring Wladyslaw back to the site to petition the Russians, but they have departed without a trace by the time he gets there. Wladyslaw is unable to help Hosenfeld, but he returns to playing piano for the radio station. Closing title cards tell us that Hosenfeld died in a Soviet gulag in 1952. Wladyslaw lived to be an old man, dying in Poland in 2000 at the age of 88. The cards are intercut with footage of Wladek triumphantly playing Chopin's Grand Polonaise Brilliante in concert. 