nm0010794:

 Criminal Minds (20052020)Summaries The cases of the F.B.I. Behavioral Analysis Unit (B.A.U.), an elite group of profilers who analyze the nation's most dangerous serial killers and individual heinous crimes in an effort to anticipate their next moves before they strike again. Based in Quantico, Virginia, the Behavioral Analysis Unit (B.A.U.) is a subsection of the F.B.I. Called in by local Police departments to assist in solving crimes of a serial and/or extremely violent nature where the perpetrator is unknown (referred to by the Unit as the unknown subject or "unsub" for short), the B.A.U. uses the controversial scientific art of profiling to track and apprehend the unsub. Profiling entails coming up with basic characteristics of the unsub and the victims (referred to as the victimology), using evidence from the case and matching that information to historic precedents and psychological analyses as a means to solve the case. Because of the nature of the work conducted by the B.A.U. - the work being time consuming and psychologically demanding - its members are fiercely loyal to the Unit and to its other members. Also because of the work's overall demanding nature, not many members of the B.A.U. have been able to maintain a happy or stable family life. Huggo In this crime series, a crack team of F.B.I. profilers fly from Quantico to the focal point of the criminal activity of various serial killers. There they investigate the evidence from the crime scenes, compose a profile, and try to prevent the next fatal strike. Top brain was academic Jason Gideon (Mandy Patinkin), who left the bureau after some difficult decisions. His more by-the-book operational right hand man Aaron "Hotch" Hotchner (Thomas Gibson) then took over the team. After Gideon leaves, David Rossi (Joe Mantegna), previously retired, rejoins the bureau in an effort to make a difference in people's lives again and follow-up on a case he worked years ago. The still juvenile Dr. Spencer Reid (Matthew Gray Gubler) is an erudite on everything except real-life, Penelope Garcia (Kirsten Vangsness), a brilliant computer whiz who gets access to any database, et cetera. As they are mobile, cooperation with local Police and F.B.I. Agents is important, but often poses jurisdictional and other problems, as do some witnesses and suspects. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 What Do You Want to Be When You Grow Up? Railroaders (1994 Video)Summaries Three kids, Jacob, Armando, and Allison, discover the world about trains from conductor Mr. Charlie. They discover steam trains, freight trains, and passenger trains. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Autumn of Route 66 (2013)Summaries Visually stunning experience that will leave you feeling like you just experienced Route 66 road trip yourself. The journey of America's oldest highway has been documented many times, but never from this point of view. Sometimes funny, sometimes ironic and sometimes sad but always true, this film goes far beyond simple journey. America's history and culture are mirrored in this interesting project that speaks to children as well as adults. Ester Brym It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 My Boyfriend's Back (1993)Summaries A teenage boy comes back from the dead because he is determined to win the most beautiful girl in school. Missy McCloud is the most beautiful girl in school and Johnny Dingle has been in love with her for years. One night, Johnny is killed trying to win her over, and soon he comes back from the dead, and wins Missy's heart. Anonymous Johnny is a teenager like everyone else. He's in love with a beautiful girl named Missy, but he can't tell it to her. One day the shop where Missy works gets robbed and Johnny is killed trying to help. But Johnny doesn't want to stay dead, so he returns to his life like nothing ever happened. After a while he discovers that his body is disintegrating and he must feed with human flesh if he wants to survive. Looks like he is a real zombie... Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 