nm0009540:

 The Avengers (2012)431) Earth's mightiest heroes must come together and learn to fight as a team if they are going to stop the mischievous Loki and his alien army from enslaving humanity. Loki, the adopted brother of Thor, teams-up with the Chitauri Army and uses the Tesseract's power to travel from Asgard to Midgard to plot the invasion of Earth and become a king. The director of the agency S.H.I.E.L.D., Nick Fury, sets in motion project Avengers, joining Tony Stark a.k.a. the Iron Man; Steve Rogers, a.k.a. Captain America; Bruce Banner, a.k.a. The Hulk; Thor; Natasha Romanoff, a.k.a. Black Widow; and Clint Barton, a.k.a. Hawkeye, to save the world from the powerful Loki and the alien invasion. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil S.H.I.E.L.D. has located the mysterious Tesseract device and the Army's super soldier Captain America. The Tesseract is actually a gateway to an entirely new world called Asgard. A mysterious being known as Loki arrives on earth and immediately assumes that he can rule all human beings. But that irks S.H.I.E.L.D. director Nick Fury the wrong way. As Loki escapes with the Tesseract, Nick Fury believes this is an act of war against Earth. His only hope is to assemble an actual team of super heroes. Dr. Bruce Banner, who turns into an enormous green rage monster known as the Hulk. Tony Stark and his venerable Iron Man armor. Captain America, the Stark Enterprises created super soldier. Thor, the god of thunder, protector of Earth and his home planet of Asgard, and Loki's brother. Master assassins Hawkeye and Natasha Romanoff. Together they will become a team to take on an attack that will call them to become the greatest of all time. halo1k Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nick Fury ( Samuel L. Jackson ), director of S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement, and Logistics Division), arrives at S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters outside of Santa Fe, New Mexico, during an evacuation. The Tesseract, an energy source of unknown potential, has activated. It opens a portal through space and the exiled Norse god Loki ( Tom Hiddleston ) steps through, carrying a strange spear with a blue glowing tip. Loki takes the Tesseract and uses the spear to take control of the minds of several SHIELD personnel, including Dr. Erik Selvig ( Stellan Skarsgrd ) , and Agent Clint "Hawkeye" Barton ( Jeremy Renner ), to aid him in his getaway. SHIELD personnel pull out of their base when an energy surge from the Tesseract causes the ground beneath the base to collapse and destroying it. A short pursuit of Loki fails to capture him. In response to the attack, Nick Fury issues a state of emergency, telling his top agents Phil Coulson ( Clark Gregg ), Natasha Romanoff ( Scarlett Johansson ), and Maria Hill ( Cobie Smulders ), that they are completely out of options. Fury pulls Romanoff and Coulson out of their respective assignments and sends them to find the heroes he needs to oppose Loki. Romanoff is found in Eastern Europe interrogating suspects, and Coulson pulls her off the assignment and sends her to find "the big guy": Bruce Banner ( Mark Ruffalo ), aka The Incredible Hulk. Banner has been living in exile in India working for a hospital in Calcutta helping sick people, and has found inner peace doing so. Romanoff tells Banner about the Tesseract and its' destructive capabilities. As the world's expert on gamma rays, Banner is their best chance to find the cube's location. During a video chat with the World Security Council, the superiors who run S.H.I.E.L.D., Fury is grilled about his plan to bring about the Avengers Initiative. The WSC are furious, saying that it's the wrong thing to do and these people will never work together as a group. Fury says they have no other option and this is their only hope of defeating Loki. The superiors reluctantly agree. Steve Rogers, ( Chris Evans ) on the other hand, is relatively easy to find. S.H.I.E.L.D. has been keeping tabs on him since he was found in the ice and still alive. Fury goes to greet Rogers at his gymnasium where he finds he doesn't sleep. Fury tells Rogers that he will find a briefing packet about what's going on back at his apartment. Tony Stark ( Robert Downey Jr. ) is seen in a new Iron Man armor that has underwater capabilities. He is installing a new electrical connection that will take his office building completely off the electrical grid allowing it to become self sustaining. He's greeted at his office by Pepper Potts ( Gwyneth Paltrow ) who tells him that it's date night. Tony wants Pepper to know how it feels to be a genius and after an argument about how much credit she should get for coming up with the Stark Tower idea, date night is off. Coulson arrives, and Tony quickly and repeatedly tries to cut him off. Coulson hands Tony a laptop with all the data on it about everything that's going on. Pepper decides instead to go to Washington DC to get the zoning permits for the next two buildings for Stark Tower as it seems Tony has homework to do, and a lot of it. On the airplane to the secured location - an aircraft carrier that can convert to a flying aircraft carrier, Coulson is telling Rogers about how it's such an honor that they found him and tells him about his Captain America trading card collection. They then head to the helicarrier and Rogers is introduced to Dr. Bruce Banner. The two then wonder what kind of ride they're in for. Rogers thinks it's a submarine but the last thing Dr. Banner should be riding in is a submerged, pressurized metal container. The carrier takes off. On board, they are briefed that Dr. Selvig and Loki have been traced to Stuttgart, Germany. Rogers' first assignment is to go to Stuttgart to arrest Loki and bring him on board the helicarrier. Loki is at a formal black tie gala at an art museum where he is kidnapping a doctor who harbors the element they need to make the Tesseract work. While Dr. Selvig creates a distraction and Hawkeye kills the men guarding the building, Loki carries out his plan. Outside, he is instructing the civilians present that they need to kneel before him - or else, and that freedom is life's great lie. However, one old man stands up in defiance, and Loki prepares to strike him down. However, the killing shot is neatly blocked by the shield of Rogers as Captain America before moving to confront the god. As Rogers battles Loki, Tony makes his entrance to the tune of AC/DC's "Shoot To Kill" with full Iron Man weapons drawn to knock down the god and daring Loki to make a move. Loki quickly surrenders when the two heroes arrive, and while being flown to the high tech prison on board the helicarrier, the plane encounters a lighting storm. Rogers asks Loki if he's afraid of lighting but Loki tells him it's not the lightning that he's afraid of. It's what follows. Thor ( Chris Hemsworth ), Loki's half-brother and the Norse God of thunder, arrives and attempts to capture Loki so Loki can face Asguardian justice for his crimes (which will be more effective than Earth's), but Thor gets into a fight with Rogers and Tony. The fight ends in a stalemate. Eventually, Loki is taken to the helicarrier and placed in a glass cell designed to hold the Hulk. Fury explains that if Loki attempts to escape, even by merely cracking the glass, a shaft will open below him and he'll plummet to Earth and possibly be killed. On board the aircraft carrier, the fully assembled Avengers squad is being briefed by Fury about what they think will possibly happen next. Loki is in prison and is interrogated by Agent Romanoff. Tony Stark arrives and it seems the only one of the group he really gets along with is Bruce Banner. While conducting experiments on Loki's scepter, Stark tries to get a rise out of Banner so he can witness Banner's famous party trick (read: turning into the Incredible Hulk). Banner flinches and then begins telling about how he's been unable to fully harness his abilities and that he suffered depression after the accident. That's why he moved to Calcutta, as helping people is what gives his life meaning. The Avengers, now brought together, argue and deliberate over how to approach Loki and the revelation that SHIELD plans to harness the Tesseract's power to develop weapons, a discovery made by Rogers. Fury admits that the events in New Mexico a year before (recounted in Thor (2011) ) made SHIELD aware of other races on other worlds, some of whom may see Earth as an easy target. Thor is seen asking agent Coulson about what happened to Jane Foster. Coulson tells him that S.H.I.E.L.D. has placed her in their witness protection program and that she's in a safe zone in London. The decision was made to produce weapons with the Tesseract as a means of deterrence. As the group argues, Clint Barton and Loki's possessed agents attack the helicarrier, disabling one of its engines in flight. While Stark and Rogers attempt to restart the damaged engine, Romanoff tries to prevent Dr. Banner from turning into the Hulk and destroying the ship from inside. Her attempt fails and she's chased through the ship until Thor takes up the battle to pacify the beast and manages to fell him briefly with a hit from his hammer, Mjolnir. While fighting Barton, Romanoff slams him into a guard rail, and the blow to the head breaks Loki's mind control. After the Hulk falls from the ship, Thor is tricked into Loki's holding cell by Loki himself, who has recovered his scepter and releases the cell and allows Thor to plummet. Loki is held at bay briefly by Agent Coulson but is also tricked by one of Loki's holographic projections - Coulson is stabbed in the back by the real Loki. Coulson later shoots Loki with a blast from an unidentified weapon, one that harnesses the power of the Destroyer. Coulson dies while Fury tries to save his life. Thor escapes from the cell a split second before it hits the ground. Banner wakes up in his human form after crashing into an abandoned factory. Fury uses Coulson's apparent death to motivate the Avengers to work as a team. Stark and Rogers realize that simply defeating them will not be enough for Loki. He needs to overpower them in a very public way so as to validate himself as ruler of Earth. Using a device built by Dr. Selvig, Loki opens a portal to the Chitauri home world over Manhattan, summoning a Chitauri invasion. Once again the group's petty differences overshadow their ability to communicate as a team, especially with Banner now missing. While in an argument with Rogers, Tony finally figures out that Loki is a full tilt diva, and that he's obviously set up shop at the top of Stark's office. Natasha, unfortunately arrives too late just as Dr. Selvig has opened the portal. This unleashes Loki's army and all hell breaks loose. The army is massive and they can't all fight them off as much as they are entering the earth's atmosphere. Tony Stark thankfully shows up, as does Bruce Banner. While fighting, Rogers dispatches NYPD cops to direct citizens into the underground tunnels and sewers. Meanwhile, the Hulk smashes, and Tony arrives at Stark Tower where he attempts to stall Loki with a drink which is used to threaten and intimidate him. As that's going on, Tony has JARVIS prepare an under development version of Iron Man called MK18 which is contained in a giant box coded specifically for Tony and has advanced weapons capabilities. Loki refuses to cooperate, saying the destruction will continue as long as the citizens of earth don't get that they need to be ruled by him. Loki attempts to take control of Stark by using his scepter on his heart to control his mind, but it fails thanks to Tony's somewhat trusty Arc Reactor that keeps him alive. The Avengers rally in defense of New York, but quickly come to the conclusion that they will be overwhelmed as wave after wave of Chitauri descend upon Earth. With help from the reformed Barton, Rogers and Thor evacuate civilians while Dr. Banner transforms into the Hulk and goes after Loki, beating him into submission in Tony Stark's penthouse. Romanoff makes her way, with a little help from the Chitauri, to the device that holds the portal open (conveniently located on the roof of the Stark Building) and hits Dr. Selvig over the head, freeing him of Loki's control. Dr. Selvig reveals that Loki's staff can be used to close the portal. As that's happening, Hulk confronts Loki, who refuses to be intimidated by such a beast. As Rogers instructed, Hulk smashes Loki into near oblivion. That allows Romanoff to grab the scepter and head to the roof to shut down the portal. While Romanoff is securing the portal, Stark is securing the perimeter. Meanwhile, with Fury on a conference call to the council, Fury berates the council's decision to launch a nuclear missile at Manhattan. Fury tries everything possible to stop the council from launching nukes, even destroying two jets that are taking off from the helicarrier. Unfortunately as he's about to fire on a third, it gets away and launches a nuclear weapon. Tony intercepts the missile and he knows exactly where to put it - he flies it into the portal. While in the portal, Stark instructs JARVIS to try Pepper one last time. Unfortunately the call fails as Pepper is on a plane and glued to the TV with other Stark Industries executives. Tony launches the nuke at the Chitauri mothership, completely destroying the invasion. All the invading aliens collapse and are rendered useless. Stark sees the nuke go just as he runs out of oxygen and falls to what appears to be certain doom. Thankfully he manages to escape the portal just as Romanoff is able to successfully close it. Once back in the atmosphere it looks like Tony isn't going to make it, but is saved by the Hulk thanks to incredible timing. A dazed Stark, awakened by the Hulk's roar, offers to take the team out for shawarma, but they decide to apprehend Loki first. The Avengers go their separate ways. Romanoff, Rogers, and Hawkeye return to working for S.H.I.E.L.D., Tony and Pepper are seen rebuilding Stark Tower and are working on the next phase of the project. Thor escorts Loki and the Tesseract back to Asgard where Loki will stand multiple trials for war crimes from both Asgard and the Chitauri. Meanwhile, multiple TV news reports recap the events surrounding the Avengers, and while they've become worldwide heroes for to some for their efforts in New York, others are fearful and want to know who will take responsibility for the devastation. On another video conference call with the World Security Council, Fury is being congratulated, but they also grill him that now their secret's out, this group is too dangerous for the world to handle. And Fury is glad - what happened in New York is a warning. A warning to all galaxies that if they try to attack earth, S.H.I.E.L.D. is there to defend it. And they have just the team. Fury also tells the S.H.I.E.L.D. board that the Avengers' whereabouts are no longer being tracked. They've earned a leave of absence, but will be called back when needed. He also tells the council that the Tesseract is where no one on earth will ever be able to find it. In a mid-credits scene, the Chitauri leader the Other tells his master that it is futile to attack Earth, as fighting the Avengers is like courting death. His master turns, revealing himself to be Thanos, a worshiper of the personification of Death, smiling at the chance to court her with more loss of life. After further credits, the Avengers are shown eating together in a shawarma joint; the team looks worn out and no one speaks. 
 Battleship (2012)431) A fleet of ships is forced to do battle with an armada of unknown origins in order to discover and thwart their destructive goals. An international fleet of naval warships encounters an alien armada while on a Naval war games exercise and faces the biggest threat mankind has ever faced. An intense battle is fought on sea, land and air. If they lose, the world could face a major extinction event and an alien invasion. Will humans win this alien war, what are the aliens doing here, and what do they want? After making contact with a technologically advanced extraterrestrial life form, five alien spaceships penetrate our solar system and interrupt the 2012 RIMPAC exercise. Now, the alien armada poses the ultimate threat for all humanity, and the only ones to stop them are the brave crew of the guided-missile destroyer, USS John Paul Jones, and its young commanding officer, Lieutenant Alex Hopper. Off the coast of Hawaii, the fierce and decisive battle for Earth will decide humankind's fate. Can we stop the all-out alien invasion? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2005, a planet capable of supporting life is discovered by scientists and named "Planet-G". NASA scientists send a signal but get no reply. Meanwhile, Alex Hopper is a talented but undisciplined slacker. His brother Stone, a naval officer in command of USS Sampson an Arleigh Burke, forces Hopper to join the Navy. A few years later, Hopper is a lieutenant in Combat Information Center on the USS John Paul Jones (DDG-53), an older sister-ship to his brother's command, the USS Sampson (DDG-102). Hopper also falls in love with Admiral Shane's daughter, Samantha, and wants to marry her, but is afraid of asking her father's permission, as he doesn't like Hopper. During the RIMPAC opening ceremony, Hopper gets into a brawl with Captain Nagata of the Japanese Maritime Self Defense Force, in charge of JDS Myoko (DDG-175). Hopper soon learns that he is to be kicked out of the Navy at the end of RIMPAC. Meanwhile, Samantha accompanies Army veteran and amputee Mick Canales on a hike on Oahu in order to help him adapt to his prosthetic legs. A small fleet of alien ships arrives in response to the NASA signal. One ship collides with an orbital satellite and crashes in Hong Kong, while five others land in the waters near Hawaii, hearing of this, the John Paul Jones, Sampson and Myoko are sent to investigate. The aliens erect a massive energy field around the islands, trapping all ships in the immediate area, and preventing any communication or assistance from outside the area protected by the field. The aliens attack, destroying both Myoko and Sampson, the latter with no survivors. Hopper's superiors are killed, leaving him in command of the John Paul Jones. Captain Nagata and some of his crew members are rescued from the waters and assists the Americans in setting up a discreet way to track the aliens using wave-detection buoys. During a night-time battle, the aliens and the Americans exchange pot shots, but Hopper manages to sink two alien ships. They rescue an alien from the water and discover the aliens are very sensitive to sun light and have to wear filters during the day. Using this knowledge, Hopper attacks another alien ship at dawn, using a sniper rifle with Nagata to breach their cockpit window and blind them with sunlight. Both ships are destroyed in the battle. Earlier, a group of alien footsoldiers and scientists lands on Oahu and attack the NASA communications array. Samantha and Mick narrowly avoid their detection, and run into a fleeing NASA scientist. Because the aliens' communications ship crashed in Hong Kong, the aliens plan to use the NASA array to signal their home planet to invade Earth. Realizing that a larger invasion might be imminent, Samantha manages to get a communications device and warns Hopper of the threat, initially, the Jones would destroy the array, but, with the destroyer sunk, they seemingly have no hope against stopping the aliens in time. Having no better options, the surviving crew of the John Paul Jones return to harbor and board the USS Missouri (BB-63), a 70-year old decommissioned battleship that has been converted into a museum, but armed with main battery of 16" naval rifles. With the aid of the museum ships caretakers, all elderly combat Navy veterans, Hopper manages to put the Missouri out to sea again. With some clever maneuvers, the Missouri destroys the last alien ship and shells the communications array, destroying the aliens and ending the threat of invasion. Back on shore, the crew and Mick all get medals, including a posthumous one to Stone, after the ceremony, Adm. Shane leads Hopper off to discuss his 'Terms of Surrender' over a meal. 
 Iron Man (2008)541) After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil. Tony Stark. Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. Son of legendary inventor and weapons contractor Howard Stark. When Tony Stark is assigned to give a weapons presentation to an Iraqi unit led by Lt. Col. James Rhodes, he's given a ride on enemy lines. That ride ends badly when Stark's Humvee that he's riding in is attacked by enemy combatants. He survives - barely - with a chest full of shrapnel and a car battery attached to his heart. In order to survive he comes up with a way to miniaturize the battery and figures out that the battery can power something else. Thus Iron Man is born. He uses the primitive device to escape from the cave in Iraq. Once back home, he then begins work on perfecting the Iron Man suit. But the man who was put in charge of Stark Industries has plans of his own to take over Tony's technology for other matters. halo1k After being kidnapped by a powerful terrorist organization, brilliant industrialist Tony Stark narrowly escapes using an iron suit he crafted from scrap metal and spare parts. Upon returning home, he devotes all of his time and resources to perfecting the iron man suit, and using it to fight evil, sometimes in the place where he least expects it. Billionaire, genius, playboy, philanthropist? All this and more sums up Tony Stark. After a weapons presentation in Iraq, Stark gets himself captured which also results in him having a chest filled with shrapnel. Needing to escape, he miniaturizes it and dons a suit of armor. This results in the birth of the Armored Avenger Iron Man. Once returned safely, Stark works to perfect his design and uses it to protect all mankind. This activity catches the eye of a mysterious organization known as SHIELD. On the other hand, the chairman of Stark Industries discovers this and has plans of his own for Tony's work. Blazer346 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A convoy of military Humvees drives across the Afghanistan desert. In one of them is billionaire weapons developer Tony Stark ( Robert Downey Jr. ), riding with soldiers on duty. He is joking with some members of a convoy who seem to be genuinely amused by his persona and his flamboyant public image. Suddenly, the convoy is ambushed by unseen gunmen. The soldiers fight to defend themselves but are quickly killed. Tony flees the Humvee, taking refuge behind a large rock. Moments later, a missile lands nearby and explodes, but not before Tony sees the Stark Industries logo painted on it. A small amount of shrapnel penetrates his body armor and he is thrown backwards, losing consciousness. Las Vegas, 36 hours earlier Tony Stark is about to receive the Apogee Award in Las Vegas. A presentation documents Tony's life story: born the son of legendary weapons developer Howard Stark, Tony is a child prodigy who built his first circuit board when he was four years old, his first V8 engine when he was six, and graduated summa cum laude from MIT when he was 17. His parents were killed in a car accident in 1991, and when he was 21, he became CEO of Stark Industries, where he is to this day. Colonel James "Rhodey" Rhodes ( Terrence Howard ) prepares to present Tony the award, but Tony is not in attendance. Tony's right-hand man (and his father's former partner) Obadiah Stane ( Jeff Bridges ) accepts the award in Tony's stead. Rhodey later finds Tony partying in a casino. On his way out, a reporter named Christine Everhart ( Leslie Bibb ) approaches Stark with some questions regarding the ethics of his weapons business. Stark deflects her questions with some swift quips and the two end up spending the night together at Tony's oceanfront house in Malibu. The next morning, Christine is awakened by a voice on a computer monitor. It's JARVIS (voice: Paul Bettany ), the artificially intelligent program responsible for running Tony's house and his research lab. As Christine leaves the house, she's greeted by Tony's human assistant, Virginia "Pepper" Potts ( Gwyneth Paltrow ). Pepper helps Tony catch up on some business before Tony heads out to the airport where his plane awaits. In flight, Tony talks with Rhodey. Rhodey is unhappy about Tony's lax attitude, and Tony tries to get his old friend to relax. Before long they are drunk and leering at the flight attendants. Tony arrives at a military outpost in Afghanistan to demonstrate his company's latest project: the Jericho, an advanced super-missile system. After the demonstration, Tony gets a phone call from Obadiah and they are both pleased that the demonstration went well. Refusing to ride with Rhodey, Tony takes off in another Humvee where the ambush from the opening of the story takes place. Much later, Tony regains consciousness in a cave. On his chest is a strange device, crudely connected to a car battery. Another captive, Dr. Ho Yinsen ( Shaun Toub ), explains that he operated on Tony but was unable to remove all of the shrapnel. Yinsen created a device -- essentially an electromagnet -- that will keep the remaining fragments from shifting and causing further damage to his heart. The terrorists who captured Tony and Yinsen enter the room. Yinsen translates; they want Tony to build them a Jericho missile. Tony refuses and they torture him by dunking his head in water. Hours later, the terrorists, members of a group called the the Ten Rings, show off a huge stockpile of weapons -- all made by Stark Industries. Tony appears to give in and starts building the missile, but he has other plans. With Yinsen's steady doctor's hands, and using palladium collected from his weapons, Tony constructs a tiny version of an arc reactor, streamlined from a much bigger design used at his company's headquarters. The power output is enough to run Stark's heart for "fifty lifetimes... or something much bigger for about 15 minutes." It will also be enough to keep the shrapnel in Tony's heart from shifting any further and killing him. Yinsen tells Tony a little about himself; he lived in an Afghani village called Gulmira that was attacked by the Ten Rings. He doesn't know if his family is still alive. He also reveals that he'd met Tony years before at a conference but Tony was so drunk that night he probably doesn't remember him. Tony is spurred and seems to have a change of heart. He begins to draw up plans for a weapon system, an armored suit powered by the arc reactor that he will wear and use to defeat the terrorists. Midway through construction, the head of the Ten Rings, Raza ( Faran Tahir ), arrives and threatens to torture Yinsen, angry because he thinks Stark is not working on the Jericho as they wanted. Tony bargains for Yinsen's life, saying he makes a good assistant. Raza gives them one more day to finish. Working furiously overnight, Tony completes his project. Yinsen straps Tony into the completed armored suit, telling him the way out of the cave. They set off a bomb inside the cell door as a distraction for the guards as Tony powers up his suit. Yinsen realizes that they will not have enough time. Over Tony's protests, he grabs a gun and runs off to distract the surviving guards. Tony, his suit now fully powered, muscles his way through the cave. The guards try to stop him but his suit easily deflects their weapon fire and he beats them off or kills them. He also fires one of the suit's missiles at Raza himself, who is flung out of sight by the blast. Halfway out of the cavern, Stark finds Yinsen, mortally wounded. Yinsen reveals that this was his plan, sacrificing himself so Tony could escape -- Yinsen's family is already dead and he will now see them again in the afterlife. Tony tearfully thanks Yinsen for saving him. Yinsen's last words to Stark are not to waste his second chance at life. Tony turns his suit on the remaining terrorists, igniting flame-throwers and firing missiles. He destroys their stockpile of weapons, but some of their larger-caliber weaponry begins to damage his suit. He uses a rudimentary jet-pack to launch himself out of the valley. Not long after firing, his jet-pack fails and he survives a crash in the desert. Stark leaves the suit behind and hikes through the desert until a couple of US helicopters fly overhead. A group of soldiers, led by Rhodey, come across Tony. Rhodey is overjoyed to find that his friend is alive. Tony is quickly flown back to the United States. Upon his arrival at Edwards Air Force Base, Pepper wants Tony to receive medical treatment, but Tony says that there are only two things he wants: an American cheeseburger and a company press conference. So Tony appears before a group of reporters and, clearly humbled and no longer the arrogant CEO he was before his capture, announces that he intends to shut down Stark Industries' weapons manufacturing division immediately. At the same time, Pepper is approached by Agent Phil Coulson ( Clark Gregg ) the from Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement & Logistic Division. They want to talk to Tony about his capture. Pepper schedules an appointment for them. That evening, Obadiah confronts Tony about his actions, furious. Obadiah knows that the stock value for their company (and, by extension, their financial status) is going to take a serious drop because of this announcement. Tony wants Stark Industries to move forward with arc reactor technology, but Obadiah thinks that the arc reactor is nothing but a publicity stunt. Through the conversation, Tony ends up revealing his Mark I chestpiece to Obadiah but refuses to allow the device to be studied for production. Stane convinces Tony to lie low for a while so the company can sort things out. Pepper watches Jim Cramer deliver a scathing news segment on Mad Money on the declining value of Stark Industries when Tony asks for her help. He's created an upgraded and much more powerful mini arc reactor, the Mark II chestpiece, but can't install it into his chest without someone to help -- his assisting robot, Dummy, tried to insert the arc reactor but failed and Pepper's hands are small enough to fit inside the chamber in Tony's chest. Pepper accidentally yanks out the cords for the old reactor too soon, putting Tony on the verge of cardiac arrest. They manage to complete the process in time. Tony tells Pepper to destroy the old model since he's not a sentimental person. Tony visits Rhodes and asks for help with a new private project. Rhodey does not agree with Tony's approach; he thinks Tony is suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder because of his capture and needs time to recover. Tony turns to his other best friend -- JARVIS -- for help. Tony's plan is revealed to be an upgrade to his armored suit (referred to as Mark II; the suit from the terrorist cave was Mark I). Tony, studying a 3D CGI-mapped image of the Mark I, discards many of the components, streamlining the design. Meanwhile, Raza, having survived his battle with Stark and severely scarred by the rocket attack in the cave, searches the desert, gathering all fragments of the Mark I suit that Tony left behind. Tony decides that the first thing he has to do is to perfect the armor's flight system. Since the leg-mounted jets proved too unstable, he creates repulsors for the feet and palm-mounted stabilizers for balance. Pepper comes in when he is testing the stabilizers and they find that it also creates a powerful repulsion beam that could also be used as a weapon. In his first test, the repulsor blows him backward. Pepper leaves a paper-wrapped box on Tony's desk as a gift. Obadiah visits Tony and reveals that the board of directors has filed an injunction to gain control of Stark Industries. Tony isn't worried; he still maintains controlling interest in Stark Industries. After several failed and painful attempts, Tony perfects his flight system, and is delighted at the prospect of flying. The Mark II armored suit is soon finished. It looks like a heavily-streamlined version of Tony's Mark I armor. Tony connects with JARVIS to monitor the progress in the suit. Against JARVIS's advice, Tony takes it out for a test flight, and he is thrilled by the suit's functionality. Tony pushes the limit for high-atmosphere flying, but at such great heights the freezing air causes the suit to become coated with ice and his power supply shuts down. Tony is barely able to reactivate his thrusters in time to avoid crashing into the ground. Stark returns home, but the armor is so heavy that it smashes through three floors of the house and he crushes one of his prized sports cars. As Tony recovers from his crash landing, he opens the box that Pepper left behind earlier; inside is the Mark I arc reactor, encased as a trophy with the message, "Proof That Tony Stark Has a Heart." Tony analyzes more data and decides to rebuild the suit using gold titanium from an old project to solve the icing and weight problems. He instructs JARVIS to add some hot-rod red trim to the next suit, codenamed Mark III, then leaves to attend his annual benefit dinner while the new suit is being assembled and painted. At the charity event, Tony meets with Agent Coulson, who still wants to learn about Tony's incident. Tony leaves to dance with Pepper and they share a moment together in the moonlight. Christine, the reporter Tony slept with prior to leaving for Afghanistan, angrily confronts him, showing him photographs of his weapons being used by a terrorist group the previous day in the remote Afghan town of Gulmira, Yinsen's home village. Tony confronts Obadiah on the matter, and Obadiah reveals that he is the one who filed the injunction against Tony. Obadiah calls himself an "iron monger," and has no qualms about selling Stark Industries weapons to both sides of the conflict. Tony returns home, furious. While there he watches news reports of the worsening situation in the Gulmira region. He tests modifications to his hand repulsors, turning them into a weapon and blasting out several glass panes. When the new suit is completed it is fitted to his body by an automated robotic system. Stark flies off to Gulmira at hypersonic speed, determined to right his company's wrongs. In Gulmira, terrorists are rounding up civilians for capture and execution when Tony shows up. His Mark III armor is more than a match for them. Within seconds, he defeats the first group of terrorists, using his advanced weapons to take out several without any innocent casualties. He leaves the group's leader, Raza's chief lieutenant, alive and defenseless for the villagers to take their revenge on. While flying to find his weapons, Iron Man is shot down by a tank shell. When he gets up, a second shell barely misses him. He responds by shooting a mini-missile at the tank, destroying it. Using the palm repulsors he designed, he destroys the captured Jericho missiles. After they are demolished, Raza arrives in time to see Tony fly off. CENTCOM at Edwards Air Force Base detects Tony in flight, mistaking him for a rogue drone. Col. Rhodes is asked about the status of any new developments. He contacts Tony, who claims that he knows nothing about what is happening. In the meantime, Tony is confronted by two F-22 Raptors. He tries to outrun the jets but they are too much for him. Tony calls Rhodes and reveals that he is responsible for the "unidentified craft." Rhodey is furious about Tony sending in unauthorized equipment, and horrified when Tony explains that the "equipment" is actually himself in his new invention. Tony is hit by one fighter jet, sending him flying into the wing of the second jet. The pilot is forced to eject, but his parachute fails to open. Iron Man, still under fire, flies in and deploys the parachute in time to rescue the pilot. Tony convinces Rhodey to pass off what happened with the jets as a "training exercise." After Tony arrives back at home, Pepper catches him while the robotic system is removing his suit. The disassembly is not going as well as the assembly and Tony quips that Pepper has seen him in situations that were much worse. Meanwhile, Stane pays a visit to the Ten Rings' camp, revealing he'd paid the organization to capture and kill Tony, but they realized who Tony was and had demanded a much higher price when they made their tape. Using a high-powered sonic device that induces temporary paralysis, Stane immobilizes Raza and takes the remnants of the Mark I armor they have gathered. Stane then has his men execute everyone in the camp. Tony tries to talk Pepper into helping him, believing that nothing else matters but saving the people who he put in harm's way. Pepper is moved by Tony's dedication, and agrees. She goes into Obadiah's office with a flash drive programmed to copy files from the computer. As Pepper sifts through stored files, she finds a video from the terrorists proving that Obadiah was responsible for Tony's capture. Obadiah comes into the office and sees her at the computer, but Pepper manages to hide what she is really doing. She leaves the office, but as soon as he powers up the computer, Obadiah realizes what she was up to. On the way out, Pepper sees Agent Coulson and tells him he can have his interview immediately so that he accompanies her safely out of the building. Obadiah meets with his team of developers who are working on his own armored suit based on the Mark I. They have rebuilt the components, but they cannot miniaturize Stark's arc reactor. Stane is furious but relents when the lead developer tells him he's not the genius Tony is. Obadiah realizes that he has one other option. Stane arrives at Tony's house and paralyzes him with the sonic weapon. Obadiah yanks out the the Mark II chest piece from Tony's chest, taunting him about how it will be the flagship invention in a new era of weaponry. After he leaves, Tony realizes that he has only one hope for survival -- the preserved arc reactor that Pepper gave him as a gift. He staggers down to his workshop and nearly dies while trying to retrieve the reactor, which is handed to him by Dummy. Tony gets the reactor installed just as Rhodey arrives. Rhodey informs him that five agents have gone to arrest Obadiah, but Tony knows that is not nearly enough manpower. Rhodey watches Tony suit up, awestruck at the Iron Man armor. Rhodey asks if there's anything Tony needs, Tony asks him to "keep the skies clear." As Tony flies away, Rhodey spots the silver-colored prototype suit, the Mark II... then shakes his head and mumbles "Next time." Pepper, Coulson and several other agents arrive at Obadiah's research facility. They spot the Mark I armor and a storage location where something else was kept. Just then, a gigantic robotic suit comes to life and attacks them -- it's Obadiah's counterpart suit, code-named the Iron Monger, powered by the chest piece he stole from Tony. While Tony flies towards the research facility, JARVIS warns him that he has only about half power in the suit because the older chest piece wasn't designed power the Mark III during sustained flight. Tony arrives just as Obadiah is about to execute Pepper. The two ironclad warriors begin a huge, brawling battle that spills into the streets near Stark Industries while Tony tries to protect any innocent civilians. Tony flies into the upper atmosphere, drawing Obadiah along with him. Obadiah struggles but before long his suit begins to freeze up -- it has the same icing problem that Tony's Mark II had. Obadiah begins to fall back to Earth, leaving Tony hovering above. The older arc reactor begins to lose power rapidly and Tony falls back to Earth, landing on top of his factory, running on auxiliary backup power. Back on the ground, Obadiah attacks Tony again. Tony manages to disable the weapons tracking system in Obadiah's suit and evades Obadiah long enough to instruct Pepper to overload the building's arc reactor, which will generate a shock wave strong enough to disable Obadiah's suit. Pepper is hesitant, believing that Tony could also be killed. Tony manages to keep fighting while she builds up power to the reactor. The reactor releases its shock wave, knocking out the Iron Monger suit, which falls into the reactor, killing Stane and destroying the reactor. Stark's original mini arc reactor sparks back to life, allowing Tony to survive. Days later, Rhodey holds a press conference about the incident with the two "robots." Tony is impressed with the name the newspapers come up with, "Iron Man," and plans to adopt it. Agent Coulson has released cover stories about the death of Obadiah (who will die in a small plane crash while Tony is supposedly elsewhere) and the "truth" about Iron Man (who will be referred to as Stark's bodyguard). Pepper thanks Coulson but cannot remember the full name of the group he belongs to. Coulson tells them to call it "S.H.I.E.L.D." and says that they will be in touch again. Tony goes before the reporters once more, and prepares to comply with the cover story. But, as he begins talking, he throws away his notes and declares "I am Iron Man." The press goes into a frenzy. Much later (after the credits), Tony returns home to find a mysterious man in black telling him that as Iron Man, Tony has become part of a larger universe. Tony asks who the man is. He turns around and introduces himself: Nick Fury, director of S.H.I.E.L.D. ( Samuel L. Jackson ). He's come to talk with Tony about an upcoming project known as the "Avenger Initiative." 
 Suicide Squad (2016)761) A secret government agency recruits some of the most dangerous incarcerated super-villains to form a defensive task force. Their first mission: save the world from the apocalypse. It feels good to be bad...Assemble a team of the world's most dangerous, incarcerated Super Villains, provide them with the most powerful arsenal at the government's disposal, and send them off on a mission to defeat an enigmatic, insuperable entity. U.S. intelligence officer Amanda Waller has determined only a secretly convened group of disparate, despicable individuals with next to nothing to lose will do. However, once they realize they weren't picked to succeed but chosen for their patent culpability when they inevitably fail, will the Suicide Squad resolve to die trying, or decide it's every man for himself? ahmetkozan A secret government agency, led by the ruthless, high-ranking official Amanda Waller, recruits some of the most dangerous, incarcerated villains on the planet to execute dangerous black ops missions and save the world from a potentially apocalyptic threat from a mysterious, supernatural entity. If anything goes wrong on this mission, the government will not be liable but rather can place the blame on the villains, who are inherently evil people. A small bomb is implanted in each member of the squad's neck with the capability of detonating any time one of the members tries to rebel or escape. It will be up to this assembled team of villains to prevail over the seemingly impossible events that will unfold before them, in what many deem to be a "suicide mission". Kyle Perez After the death of Superman, the leader of a secret agency, Amanda Waller, convinces the government to recruit super-villains imprisoned in Belle Reve to protect the world. She summons the hit-man Deadshot; The Joker's girlfriend and former psychiatrist Harley Quinn; the pyrokinetic Diablo; the bank thief Captain Boomerang; the mutant Killer Croc; the criminal Slipknot; and the witch Enchantress who possessed the former archaeologist, June Moone, to form Task Force X. Waller also assigns the command of the team to Colonel Rick Flag, who is in love with June. To convince the group to obey orders, a nanite bomb is implanted in the neck of each member. When Enchantress releases her powerful brother, they besiege Midway City turning the residents into an army of monsters and building a powerful weapon. Meanwhile, the Joker is plotting a plan to rescue his beloved Harley Quinn. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil With Superman dead, the world needs a new band of superheroes to step into the breach. Senior US Intelligence officer Amanda Waller comes up with a daring plan - use extreme criminals with special abilities to fight crime, in exchange for them receiving reduced sentences. The band of crime-fighting criminals is officially known as Task Force X, but due to the nature of their mission a more appropriate name would be Suicide Squad. grantss For fear that the next superhero saviour turns terrorist, the calculating, ruthless Intelligence Division agent, Amanda Waller, decides to assemble an elite force of meta-humans: the secret Task Force X. For this reason, Waller hand-picks the worst of the worst from the country's maximum-security prisons--a proper circus of psychotic, antisocial super-villains kept on a short leash to do the government's dirty work. Of course, if anything goes wrong, the Federals will deny everything. When the Enchantress, an all-powerful shape-shifting sorceress, goes rogue, bent on building a devastating machine, the squad will have to prepare for WWIII. Is the Suicide Squad, the band of expendable anti-heroes, humankind's only hope? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens at the Belle Reve Penitentiary. Floyd Lawton (AKA: Deadshot) (Will Smith) is in his cell going at his punching bag. The guards, led by Captain Griggs (Ike Barinholtz), bring Floyd a lousy meal. When Griggs taunts him, Floyd threatens to get him someday. Taking that as a threat, Griggs has Floyd strapped to a chair and beaten by the other guards. Meanwhile, Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie) is hanging upside down in her cell (more like a cage). Griggs shows up to see her, and he has one of the guards turn on the electricity on the bars when she gets too close. This triggers a flashback in Harley's mind of when she first showed up at the place, having just gone insane. It's been months since the death of Superman (a reference to the film 'Batman vs. Superman'). Amanda Waller (Viola Davis) meets with her associates Admiral Olsen (Ted Whittall) and Dexter Tolliver (David Harbour) to discuss the organization of Task Force X, her idea of creating a team of the most dangerous criminals to combat any possible major catastrophe. Waller pulls out her files and goes through her proposed recruits. She starts with Floyd, who was an expert marksman known as Deadshot. In a flashback, we see Deadshot preparing to take out a target. He goads his employer into doubling his pay, and Deadshot kills his target by having his bullet ricochet off a gate to strike the man. Floyd has a daughter, Zoe (Shailyn Pierre-Dixon). In another flashback, the two were walking together and discussing Zoe moving in with Floyd. Her mother wouldn't let her because they both know Floyd is a killer, though he denied it to Zoe. He was caught by Batman (Ben Affleck). Floyd got his gun and prepared to shoot Batman, but Zoe stood in the way and pleaded with him not to do it. Floyd relented and went quietly. Waller's next pick is Harley, who was originally a therapist named Dr. Harleen Quinzel. Her last patient was The Joker (Jared Leto). Instead of fixing him, she fell in love with him. The Joker escaped from prison by using Harleen as a hostage. He then tortured Harleen for months until she went insane and turned her into his love slave and eventually his wife. Waller knows that Harley is even crazier and more fearless than Joker, which makes her a very valuable asset. Another couple flashbacks show Joker and Harley in a nightclub where Harley was dancing. He invited her to join him and a gangster he met with named Monster T (Common). Harley offered him company, but he declined out of fear that Joker would be displeased. This got him killed. Later, Joker and Harley made their getaway but were chased by Batman in the Batmobile. The two were ran off the road and into the river. Batman jumped in and found Harley, then took her to jail. Among Waller's other picks are Digger Harkness (AKA: Captain Boomerang) (Jai Courtney), a thief that used a bladed boomerang and would double-cross his partners. He was caught by The Flash (Ezra Miller). Next is Chato Santana (Jay Hernandez), a former gang-banger known as El Diablo. He possesses pyrokinetic abilities, and he willingly turned himself in. Then there's Waylon Jones/Killer Croc (Adewale Akinnouye-Agbaje), a thug with an unusual disorder that gives him green scaly skin. Croc was treated like a monster, so he acted like one and devoured anyone that crossed him. Waller's last pick is Dr. June Moone (Cara Delevignge), an archaeologist who recently came across a cave and found an idol, releasing the spirit of a 6,000-year-old witch called Enchantress. The spirit possesses June, but Waller carries the heart of Enchantress with her in order to maintain control over her. Helping Waller is Colonel Rick Flag (Joel Kinnaman), who is motivated because he is in love with June. Waller, Tolliver, and others gather at the Pentagon in Washington DC to discuss the initiation of Task Force X. The chairman is not feeling the plan until Waller tells June to bring out Enchantress. She morphs into the witch and demonstrates her power, with Waller poking the heart to control her, which pains Enchantress and also hurts June once she returns to normal. Waller tells the others in the room that the plan would be for her team to go out in secrecy with no word of the government's involvement, and if the villains get caught, they'll get "thrown under the bus". Waller heads to Belle Reve with Flag and June to continue recruiting. She brings Floyd out and allows him to use an array of guns for target practice. He gives Flag a list of demands, including freedom from his sentence and custody of his daughter. Flag refuses to give into these demands, but Floyd says he was talking to Waller. At night, June morphs into Enchantress. Flag is trying to call Amanda, but Enchantress hits Flag's mind with a vision of June dead to terrify him. Enchantress then teleports to Waller's home and finds an idol that contains the spirit of her brother, Incubus. She takes the idol and heads to the Midway City train station and finds a commuter (Alain Chanoine) and uses his body to bring Incubus back to life. Reunited, the two discuss Enchantress's plan to create a machine to wipe out humanity. Incubus, still in the commuter's body, kills three men on the tracks before taking his true form and causing destruction. Waller is alerted to the chaos and decides it's time to activate Task Force X. The villains are taken from their cells and injected with nano bombs that will go off if they fail or try to escape. They are brought to a base where they are briefed on their mission, which is to head into Midway City and retrieve a mark. The last recruit, Slipknot (Adam Beach), arrives, where he first punches out an FBI agent. When Flag tells the villains about their set-up, Floyd refers to them as a "Suicide Squad". They are given proper outfits and their own weapons to head into battle. Lastly, Flag shows them a tablet with Waller speaking to them and telling them what the deal is. On the ride there, the squad is joined by Flag's bodyguard, Tatsu Yamashiro (AKA: Katana) (Karen Fukuhara), a lethal Japanese assassin whose sword contains the souls of those that she kills. Her husband was killed with that sword and his own soul is trapped in there. Meanwhile, one of Joker's henchmen finds him in his apartment surrounded by his weapons to tell him about Harley's situation. Joker goes to find Griggs in a casino and tortures him until he tells him everything. Joker and his goons then attack the Van Criss research facility where the nano bombs were produced. Joker shows the head doctor that he's kidnapped his wife to blackmail him into helping him. Incubus turns Enchantress into a more powerful form when Waller repeatedly stabs her heart. As the squad is flown into Midway City, Enchantress' soldiers shoot them down and causes their chopper to crash-land. They walk to their destination, but Slipknot attempts to make an escape. He shoots his grappling hook to get out, but Flag sets off his nano bomb and kills Slipknot, proving he was not bluffing. The squad is attacked by mutated creatures (formerly human males) under the bidding of Enchantress, prompting them to utilize their capabilities. Deadshot hits every target, Harley shoots and whacks the minions with her baseball bat, Katana slices them with her sword, and Boomerang uses his weapon, but Diablo sits this one out. Flag is grabbed by the minions, and Harley almost lets him die, but Deadshot reminds her that if he dies, then they all die. She reluctantly saves Flag and kills the minions. Flag leads the squad to a building to find their mark. Harley takes an elevator and is attacked by more minions. She easily kills them before rejoining the squad. More minions attack them, so Deadshot pushes Diablo into unleashing the full might of his fire powers. Diablo incinerates all the minions with one blast. As they walk to their destination, Harley looks down the staircase and she remembers the night she became what she is now. Joker brought her to a chemical plant and convinced her to "live" for him. She willingly tossed herself into the vat of chemicals, and Joker jumped in after her, pulling her out and laughing maniacally. In the present, the squad finds a room that Flag enters to find Waller waiting for him. As they discuss their mission in front of four other agents, Waller kills them all since they know too much. The rest of the squad is surprised to find Waller there. Together, they all go to the rooftop for extraction. Unfortunately, the chopper they're waiting for has been hijacked by Joker and his men. One of the men deactivates the nano bomb in Harley's neck, allowing her to escape with Joker. Waller orders Deadshot to shoot her down with the promise of custody of his daughter. Deadshot shoots but intentionally misses Harley. Waller then orders her men to shoot the chopper down. Harley falls out of the chopper and lands on a rooftop, and she watches as Joker goes down with the chopper. Waller is taken by Enchantress's minions and brought to her, allowing Enchantress to get inside Waller's mind and learn what she already knows. Enchantress also gets her heart back, giving her more power. Harley rejoins the squad when they come across her on their path. Deadshot finds Waller's case file and learns the truth about their mission. He demands an explanation from Flag. Flag admits that three days earlier, he and June went underground together to set something up, but she morphed into Enchantress and abandoned him. The squad ditches Flag as Deadshot heads into a bar to get a drink. In the bar, the squad drinks together with Harley acting as the barmaid in serving them drinks. Deadshot tells them that he knows they're just pawns in Waller's plan and that they are all expendable. During the conversation, Diablo discusses why he stopped using his powers. He used to have a family, but his wife Grace (Corina Calderon) found out about his life as a gangster, and in a fit of rage, Diablo burned their house down with Grace and their two kids inside. Flag then enters the bar to tell the squad they can go free if they choose, as he breaks the detonator to their bombs. He gives Deadshot letters from his daughter, showing she had written to him everyday. This gives Deadshot the motivation to continue the mission, leading the rest of the squad to join him. The plan is to plant a bomb beneath the station to take out Incubus so that the rest of the squad can get close enough to Enchantress. Croc joins Flag's men to head into the sewers and place the bomb. The squad hides, but Enchantress senses them and offers them the things they want the most as she goes into their minds. She shows Deadshot a vision of him killing Batman. Harley sees her and Joker looking normal and starting a family. Flag sees himself with June. Diablo sees himself with his family again. Only he realizes quickly that it's a trick. He heads into the fight against Incubus, hurling his fire powers at him before morphing into his true form, a towering fire creature as big as Incubus. Diablo roasts Incubus and holds him in the corner long enough for Croc and the others to place the bomb. Diablo stays there to hold Incubus down as the bomb explodes, killing both of them. The now enraged Enchantress takes on the whole squad, with Croc returning to join the fight. But the witch is far too powerful and evasive for any one of them to get her, so she offers them what they want if they join her. Harley appears to go through with it and approaches Enchantress. However, Harley tricks Enchantress and uses a sword to cut her heart out. Croc then throws a bag of explosive in the path of Enchantress's machine, as Deadshot gets ready to shoot at it. Enchantress tries to trick him by making it look like Zoe is there to beg him to not shoot, but Deadshot pulls the trigger and hits the bombs, destroying the machine. Enchantress is now weakened, and Flag holds her heart. He orders the witch to release June, but Enchantress says she won't come back. Flag crushes the heart and kills Enchantress. June peels off the witch's skin, returning to normal and embracing Flag. As the squad prepares to leave, Waller emerges with her own detonator. She says they only get 10 years off their sentences, with some special privileges. Floyd is allowed to visit Zoe for a brief while before being escorted out by Flag. Croc is allowed to have cable TV in his cell. Boomerang gets moved into solitary confinement for his demands. Harley is given as espresso machine in her cell. Moments later, a group of mercs breaks into the penitentiary and start killing the guards before breaking into Harley's cell. The Joker (STILL ALIVE) enters and embraces Harley, whispering into her ear, "Let's go home..." During the closing credits, Waller meets with Bruce Wayne in a restaurant. She asks him for protection in the aftermath of Enchantress's destruction, and in exchange, she hands him case files on Barry Allen (Flash) and Arthur Curry (Aquaman). As Bruce leaves, Waller comments that he should "stop working nights". Bruce says she should shut her operation down, since he and his new friends will be taking care of things. 