nm0002791:

 The Other Side (I) (2006)Summaries Samuel North (Nathan Mobley) escapes from Hell to find the person who murdered him, but a team of invincible bounty hunters called REAPERS are sent from the Netherworld to bring him back. On the night Samuel North is to reunite with the girl he loves: Hanna Thompson, he is mysteriously murdered and sent to Hell. Inside "the Pit", two other damned souls on the run help Samuel escape back to the world of the living. Now there's Hell to pay: the Netherworld has sent three invincible bounty hunters called REAPERS to hunt down and retrieve each of the escaped men. Setting out to uncover the mystery of his death and Hanna's disappearance, Samuel finds unlikely allies in his gun-toting fellow escapees Mally and Oz -- who hope that by helping Samuel find Hanna, they can redeem themselves and be free of the Pit forever. Anonymous After his graduation in Business from Columbia, Samuel North returns to his hometown in Athens County to meet his beloved fiance Hanna Thompson. Sam calls Hanna, who work as waitress at the Montana's and he schedules the encounter "in their place" nearby a waterfall. Hanna never arrives and Sam is killed by the driver of a van and sent to Hell. However, there is a breach and many lost souls escape from the Pit including Sam back to the world of the living. While they are chased by the hunters from the hell called Reapers, who can switch bodies when they are killed and are called Switchers and leaded by the powerful Changeling, Sam finds that Hanna is missing and he is the prime suspect. Sam is helped by the former thief Oz and the former adulterer Mally from the other side that believe they can find redemption helping Sam, and by his friend and policeman Peter and discovers the identity and the motives of the assassin. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Combat Missions (2002 )Summaries The most exciting reality series ever produced and, sadly, seen by very few. Teams comprised of elite military and law enforcement Warriors compete in combat missions that take place in various situations from urban to desert combat. Each team plans and executes the assigned mission. Competitors are voted off the show by other team members. The remaining two competitors are pitted against each other in one final combat mission. This show epitomizes the brains, brawn, attitude, and never ending will power it takes to reach the level of a United States Superior Warrior. It is extremely high energy action, emotion, education, adventure, suspense, and entertainment. Lynette Abbott It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Speedway Junky (1999)Summaries Johnny wants to be a stock car racer one day. He meets a young, gay hustler in Vegas, who takes him to meet his friends/gang and his "mom", an ex hooker etc. A naive drifter runs away from his army father in hopes of making it on the car racing circuit. In Las Vegas, he meets a young scam artist, who develops a crush on him. He is then introduced to a whole gang led by a young hustler. The racer-to-be then gets a lesson in the wild side, getting involved in one situation after another. Patsy Kensit makes a cameo as another hustler and Daryl Hannah appears as the scam artist's surrogate mom. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Missy and the Maxinator (2009)Summaries Max and Missy have been best friends for as long as they can remember, and now Max is falling in love with her. But strange things start happening to him at school. He can see through walls, hear distant voices, and he suddenly has super-human strength! When students start mysteriously disappearing after school Max and his friends stumble upon a sinister plot by his teachers to take over the world. And when they kidnap Missy, Max must put his new found superpowers to the test to save the girl he loves. the producers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 