nm0009595:

 Laura: The Rebel Years (1994)Summaries Buenos Aires, 1955. One of a family of Sicilian immigrants, the adolescent Laura is on the threshold of adulthood. Her father Francesco Lojacono, is a humble tailor whose relationship with his daughter is one of extreme conflict. As Laura becomes increasingly emancipated in Argentinian (and therefore American) fashion, her father feels personally betrayed. He becomes consumed by an irrational jealousy whether Laura spends time in the library or at a party: whether she makes friends with a teacher or collects photographs of popular actors; whether she shows an interest in the cinema or theatre or takes part in political discussions her behavior is a source of great annoyance to her father. The development of an intense intellectual rapport with Dora, a teacher of Italian origins, gives Laura a sense of liberation from her family ties. The period also signals her first experience of love. But her father is suddenly overcome by physical illness. The diagnosis is so grave that the extent of his illness must be kept from him, causing their relationship to rapidly deteriorate with painfully dramatic results. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 La pi bella musica dopo MozartSummaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Il maresciallo Rocca (19962005)Summaries The story of Marshal Rocca dei carabinieri who operates in Viterbo, takes place on two levels: on the one hand, each episode is a case in itself and Rocca finds himself having to solve the most disparate cases, often in conflict with the power of attorney; on the other, her private story as a widower with three grown children with all their problems is added, together with her sentimental one with the pharmacist Margherita, separated from her husband who knows ups and downs. Baldinotto da Pistoia It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 La buca (2014)Summaries Veteran ambulance chaser Oscar gets 'bitten' by a dog and decides to make some cash by suing its owner. However, this turns out to be Armando, a penniless man just released from jail after 30 years for a crime he didn't commit, shunned by everyone except his dog. Oscar sees the potential of getting millions in compensation from the state, and the two fifty-somethings team up in search of clues along with the help of a friendly Barista who owns the a caf. TV A shaggy dog becomes the unwitting trigger for the collision of two disordered and precarious human existences. Bitten by the animal, moody and louche lawyer Oscar (Sergio Castellitto) wants to profit from the incident by suing its unfortunate owner, Armando. When the conniving lawyer discovers that Armando is in fact fresh out of jail, where he served thirty years for a crime he didn't commit, the goal changes and the stakes are raised: why not instigate a lawsuit against the state and claim millions? Between them is Carmen, a barmaid with a sensitive soul who has a shared past with the one and perhaps a shared future with the other. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 