nm0003596:

 S1m0ne (2002)321) A producer's film is endangered when his star walks off, so he decides to digitally create an actress to substitute for the star, becoming an overnight sensation that everyone thinks is a real person. The career of a disillusioned producer, who is desperate for a hit, is endangered when his star walks off the film set. Forced to think fast, the producer decides to digitally create an actress "Simone" to sub for the star--the first totally believable synthetic actress. The "actress" becomes an overnight sensation, with a major singing career as well, and everyone thinks she's a real person. However, as Simone's fame skyrockets, he cannot bear to admit his fraud to himself or the world. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When the main star of disillusioned director Viktor Taransky's new movie walks away, Taransky is forced to find a replacement or never work again. Unfortunately for him, nobody wants to work with him any more. Viktor tries a new computer program on a hard disk he inherited from his acquaintance Hank Aleno. Viktor uses the program as a last, desperate attempt to finish the film. The system allows him to use a computer-generated woman to play the movie's central character. Viktor names his synthetic actress "Simone", a name derived from the computer program's title, Simulation One. Seamlessly incorporated into the movie, Simone gives a fantastic performance. The studio, and soon the world, starts to ask "who is Simone?" The movie is a great success, and Viktor markets her as a real person. He gives phone and camera interviews, but it becomes difficult to maintain. Two people doggedly pursue him and force him to showcase Simone "live" after they discover that he used stock photography as a background during the interview instead of being on that site as he claimed she was. Simone ascends to even greater heights, winning the Academy Award for Best Actress. After a while, Viktor decides to kill her. He has her star in a film of her own about zoophilia, hoping to disgust audiences. However, they continue to love her work. He then uses a computer virus to erase the program and dumps all of the DVDs and computer-related information into a trunk and throws it out to sea. During the funeral, the police come, open the coffin where there is only Simone's poster. He is taken to the police station and is shown a security camera video where he is seen putting the trunk into the motorboat. He is arrested for her murder. In his defense he admits that Simone was just a computer program, and that he put all the program discs in the chest and dropped it into the sea. Viktor's wife and daughter enter his studio, find the program, and realize that Viktor's actress is only a simulation (he forgot a virus floppy disk in the computer). They revive Simone and he is freed from custody. The film ends with Simone and Viktor holding an interview about their new "baby" before a post-credits sequence shows Viktor creating fake footage of Simone in a supermarket, which one of her pursuers sees, believing it real. 
 Private Parts (1997)Summaries The autobiographical story of Howard Stern, the radio rebel who is now also a TV personality, an author and a movie star. Having always wanted to be a disc-jockey, Howard Stern works his way painfully from radio at his 1970's college to a Detroit station. It is with a move to Washington that he hits on an outrageous off-the-wall style that catches audience attention. Despite his on-air blue talk, at home he is a loving husband. He needs all the support he can get when he joins NBC in New York and comes up against a very different vision of radio. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Finding Forrester (2000)Summaries A young writing prodigy finds a mentor in a reclusive author. Because of scoring exceptionally high on a statewide standardized exam, and being an exceptionally good basketball player, Jamal Wallace is sent to a prestigious prep school in Manhattan. He soon befriends the reclusive writer, William Forrester. the chan man Jamal Wallace is an inner-city kid from the Bronx who has an aptness at basketball and a genius at writing. While always a C student, Jamal comes to the attention of a prestigious New York City prep school when he scores highly on his standardized tests. While Jamal is given a heavy load at his new school, both he and the school know that the real reason they took him on is for his prowess on the court. Befriended by fellow student Claire and helped along by Pulitzer Prize winning author and recluse William Forrester, Jamal pursues his dreams on and off the court while overcoming obstacles placed by his bitter literature teacher. As Jamal is shaped by Forrester, he finds that he is changing the old writer as well, forcing him to confront his past, and his future. Danny Silverman <dsilverman@mindwire.NOSPAM.org> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Labor Pains (2009)321) A young woman pretends to be pregnant in order to avoid being fired from her job. When that gets her special treatment by everyone involved in her life, she tries to keep up the lie for nine months. Thea Clayhill is the reckless secretary of arrogant publisher Jerry Steinwald. When Jerry fires her having had an accident with his beloved dog, Thea lies and tells him that she is four-months pregnant. Thea lost her parents in a car accident and raises her younger sister Emma alone and can not afford to lose her job. Jerry goes on vacation to be with his dog and his brother Nick Steinwald assumes his position. Thea decides to fake her pregnancy for more time with the support of her friend Lisa. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Thea Clayhill (Lindsay Lohan) is about to lose her position as secretary to a very cranky publisher (Chris Parnell) -- so she lies about being pregnant to save her job, as she saw on an episode of Law and Order that you cannot fire a pregnant woman as a stand agaisnt discrimination. The plan works, and she gets to keep her job. With the help from a friend (Cheryl Hines) -- and a pillow -- Thea fakes the pregnancy while she figures out what to do next. But in the meantime, her boss gets called out of town and his cute brother Nick (Luke Kirby) takes over. Nick launches a new parenting division at the publishing company, and he wants Thea to be the editor. Suddenly she gets a raise and a promotion. Nick and Thea soon begin to become romantically involved. And pretty soon she begins to like her new life a lot to the extent that she begins to believe she is pregnant. However, her little sister soon grows frutstrated with the lie and destroyed her pregnancy pillow, and in haste, Thea grabs a balloon, which pops, and her cover is blown. Soon, Thea learns to get herself together and apologizes on a national talk show to Nick and the company, and Nick fogives her and takes her back, and she gets to keep her job. Two years later, Thea is shown going into labor with her and Nick's child...for real. [D-Man2010] Thea Clayhill (Lindsay Lohan) is about to lose her position as secretary to a very cranky publisher (Chris Parnell) -- so she lies about being pregnant to save her job. The plan works. With the help from a friend (Cheryl Hines) -- and a pillow -- Thea fakes the pregnancy while she figures out what to do next. But in the meantime, her boss gets called out of town and his cute brother Nick (Luke Kirby) takes over. Nick launches a new parenting division at the publishing company, and he wants Thea to be the editor. Suddenly she gets a raise and a promotion. And pretty soon she begins to like her new life -- not to mention Nick -- a lot. But how long can Thea keep up this ruse? And what will happen when everyone learns the truth? [D-Man2010] 