nm0004731:

 Bad Company (2002)Summaries When an Ivy League-educated C.I.A. Agent is killed during an operation, the secret agency recruits his twin brother (Chris Rock). When a C.I.A. Agent is killed during a nuclear arms purchase, his partner Oakes (Sir Anthony Hopkins), recruits his twin brother, Jake Hayes (Chris Rock). Jake had no idea he had a twin brother, let alone that he worked for the C.I.A. Jake, a.k.a. Michael Turner, has nine days to fill his brother's place. However, the enemy terrorists learn of his secret identity and kidnap his girlfriend/fiance. He has to rescue her and save New York City from an imminent nuclear terrorist act. Mikey J. <mredding@ev1.net> When a Dartmouth-educated C.I.A. Agent is killed during an operation, the secret agency recruits his twin brother (Chris Rock), an African-American street-wise hustler with no idea what's coming for him. The C.I.A. wants the twin to finish a project on which his brother was working. But this street-wise twin has absolutely no experience, so the agency sends in experienced Agent Oakes (Sir Anthony Hopkins) to train the twin how to act and talk like a real C.I.A. Agent. Andreas Furumo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017)541) Peter Parker balances his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens with his superhero alter-ego Spider-Man, and finds himself on the trail of a new menace prowling the skies of New York City. A young Peter Parker/Spider-Man begins to navigate his newfound identity as the web-slinging super hero Spider-Man. Thrilled by his experience with the Avengers, Peter returns home, where he lives with his Aunt May, under the watchful eye of his new mentor Tony Stark. Peter tries to fall back into his normal daily routine - distracted by thoughts of proving himself to be more than just your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man - but when the Vulture emerges as a new villain, everything that Peter holds most important will be threatened. Flick Direct Peter Parker, The Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man, is patiently waiting for Tony Stark to give him a mission where he can help out as best as he can manage. Balancing everyday life as Peter Parker alongside being Spider-Man is a daunting task for The Wall Crawler and it starts taking its toll when Parker encounters a gang of underground thugs selling Chitauri-based weapons for a mysterious villain known as The Vulture. Johnny In the aftermath of Captain America: Civil War (2016) , the fifteen-year-old sophomore and Tony Stark's protg, Peter Parker, finds himself back to his hometown of Queens, New York, trying to juggle high school and his super-hero alter-ego. On pins and needles, waiting for his mentor to give him a chance to prove his mettle and become an official Avenger, instead, Stark, intent on protecting him, keeps Peter on a short leash, fearful that, one of these days, the boy may bite off more than he can chew. And then, the Vulture, a winged super-criminal brandishing advanced Chitauri weaponry, emerges, and of course, Parker sees his arrival as a golden opportunity to demonstrate that he has what it takes to be part of the Earth's mightiest team of super-heroes. Is Spider-Man ready to be more than the neighbourhood's friendly, web-slinging defender? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in New York City the Avengers battled the Chitauri. Salvage worker Adrian Toomes (Michael Keaton) is showing his co-worker a drawing that his daughter made of the Avengers in action. They proceed to work on taking apart the Chitauri leviathan and gathering any tech they can get their hands on. Soon, a van from the U.S. Department of Damage Control arrives. Anne Marie Hoag (Tyne Daly) orders Toomes to shut down his operation, and adds that they will be confiscating all of their findings. Toomes protests and even punches a Damage Control agent when he makes a snide remark to him. Hoag then reasserts her demand to Toomes to give up his work. After learning that Tony Stark (Robert Downey, Jr.) is behind Damage Control, Toomes gathers three of his co-workers - Jackson Brice (Logan Marshall-Green), Herman Schultz (Bokeem Woodbine), and Phineas Mason (Michael Chernus) - to continue their work in gathering Chitauri tech regardless of what they are told. Eight years later, Toomes and his guys are still at it, with Toomes using his Vulture suit to bring in a bag of Chitauri power core. Meanwhile, Peter Parker (Tom Holland) is recording a video log as he travels to Berlin with Happy Hogan (Jon Favreau) for what is really Tony recruiting Peter to help him during the events of "Civil War". Happy shows off the new Spider-Man suit that Tony made for Peter, which he gets super excited about. He later records his fight alongside Iron Man and everyone on his loyalist side during the airport fight against Captain America and the other Avengers. Tony then brings Peter home in his limo, leaving him eager for their next mission. Two months later, Peter is still waiting to hear back from Happy over any new missions. He goes back to being a normal student at Midtown High School. Peter makes plans with his best friend Ned (Jacob Batalon) to build a Lego Death Star. Peter also has a crush on a senior named Liz (Laura Harrier) and is frequently taunted by snotty rich kid Flash Thompson (Tony Revolori). When not at school, Peter continues going around the city as Spider-Man to help people as well as fight crime. Peter refers to his Spidey work as the Stark internship, and as a result, he quits his school's decathlon team. While at school, Peter secretly creates new web fluid for his shooters. One night, Spidey catches four crooks with Avengers masks trying to rob a bank using high-tech equipment. Spidey shows up and fights the criminals, until one of them uses a device that emits a powerful blast, blowing up not only the bank, but also the bodega across the street. Spidey rushes over to save the owner of the bodega (and his cat). Peter quietly returns to his room through his window while not trying to let Aunt May (Marisa Tomei) know that he was out. He crawls across the ceiling and comes down to find Ned sitting on his bed, holding the completed Lego Death Star. He drops it and it breaks upon Ned's discovery that Peter is Spider-Man. Ned is shocked but also thrilled. Peter forces him to keep it a secret. Peter later goes with May to dinner. May is trying to get the silent Peter, and Peter admits that he's been tired out from the "Stark Internship," with May admitting to not being a fan of Stark. They see footage of the bank robbery, and May warns Peter not to go anywhere near that type of chaos in the city. The entire next day at school, Ned asks Peter questions about being Spider-Man. They even watch a PSA from Captain America (Chris Evans) during gym, and Peter briefly mentions fighting him. The boys then hear Liz talking to her friends about how she's got kind of a crush on Spider-Man, leading Ned to blurt out in front of everyone that Peter knows Spider-Man. Liz then invites Peter and Ned to a party at her house so that Peter can try to invite Spider-Man. The boys attend the party, and almost instantly, Ned tries to get Peter to change into his Spider-Man outfit. Peter doesn't want to until Flash starts pestering him. He goes to change, but then sees an explosion in the distance. He goes to investigate and finds Brice and Schultz selling Chitauri tech to a local gangster named Aaron Davis (Donald Glover). Peter's cell goes off when Ned tries to call him, making Brice and Schultz think Aaron was setting them up. Spidey intervenes and tries to fight the crooks. He chases them until Vulture swoops down and grabs Spidey. He drops him into the river as he gets tangled in his parachute. Iron Man then comes down and saves Spidey, finding out where he was because of a tracker in his suit. Tony is not in the suit as he is basically calling Peter, but he tells him to stay out of crime-fighting for his own good. Peter considers returning to the party, but Ned has him hear on the phone that Flash has everyone mocking Peter. Peter then finds a weapon that one of the crooks left behind. At Toomes's lair, Brice admits to dropping his weapon as he was using his electric gauntlets (calling himself "Shocker"). Fed up with Brice's carelessness, Toomes cuts him from the team, but Brice threatens to spill their secrets to Toomes' wife and the public. Toomes responds by grabbing a powerful gun off Mason's desk and incinerating Brice with it (mistaking an anti-gravity gun for a laser gun). He then gives Schultz the gauntlets so he can be Shocker. With Ned's help, Peter cracks open the weapon to find a power core. He finds Schultz again and places a tracker on him, discovering that he is going to Maryland. To get there, Peter rejoins the decathlon team as they head to D.C. for the Nationals competition. Peter sneaks out and goes to find Schultz as Spider-Man. He catches the villains attempting to hijack a Damage Control truck with more weaponry inside. During his attempt to foil the villains, Spidey is knocked unconscious and wakes up in a Damage Control warehouse, unable to leave because the door is sealed until the morning. Peter talks to the A.I. system in his suit, whom he refers to as Karen (Jennifer Connelly). She helps Peter get a better understanding of how his suit works. He even tells her about his feelings for Liz. He also learns that the power core is basically a bomb that will go off when exposed to radiation. When he realizes he is about to miss the competition, Peter has Karen help him unlock the doors as he rushes to the competition. Peter misses the whole competition, but the team wins thanks to the help of reserved loner Michelle Jones (Zendaya). The team then heads over to the Washington Monument. He calls Ned to warn him about the power core that he was holding, but is unable to get the message through. As Spidey, he rushes to the Monument, but the core goes off in Ned's backpack as the team is riding up the elevator. Spidey climbs up the Monument to save the team, but he can't get in through the window without using great force. The police arrive in choppers and order Spidey to get to the ground. Against their orders, Spidey leaps over the choppers and swings from the bottom. He breaks in and tries to hold the falling elevator with his web, but the weight pulls him down. He is able to hold the web and the elevator as everyone inside climbs out. Liz is the last person and nearly falls with the elevator but Spidey catches her with the web and rescues her. Back in New York, Karen reveals that the Spider-Man suit records everything that Peter has seen. She gets a visual on Aaron, and Spidey later finds him in a parking garage. He attempts to interrogate him to find out why he was trying to get the tech from Toomes's goons. Aaron says he was trying to get them out of his neighborhood. He figures that Spidey is new to being a hero. Aaron tells Spidey that Toomes is meeting to gather more tech at the Staten Island Ferry later that afternoon. On the Ferry, Toomes is meeting with another criminal named Mac Gargan (Michael Mando). Spidey gets a call from Tony, but he lies about what he's up to. Spidey spots Schultz on the boat but sees Toomes and doesn't realize he is Vulture. He swings in and incapacitates Gargan and his goons. Toomes tries to use a weapon on Spidey, but he holds it down with his webbing. This backfires since the weapon becomes unstable and splits the Ferry in half. Spidey then tries to hold the Ferry together with his webbing, but it's not strong enough and it continues to split. As Spidey holds on as much as he can, Iron Man and his little drones show up to put the Ferry back together and save everyone. Spidey retreats to a rooftop. Iron Man finds him and chews him out for not listening to him and lying to him about what he's doing with the suit. Peter then attempts to put the blame on Tony for what happened with the Ferry for not listening to him about the Vulture, but Tony steps out of his suit this time and reveals that he DID in fact listen to Peter, as he sent the FBI on the same Ferry that Toomes was on. He goes on to remind Peter that, while nobody got harmed, if somebody did, it would've been on Peter. Feeling that he's unworthy of it, Tony demands that Peter give him back the Spidey suit. Peter pleads with Tony, saying that he's nothing without the suit, to which Tony says that he doesn't deserve it if he's nothing without it. Peter is failed to convince Tony to let him stay with the suit. He goes home to Aunt May dejectedly. She gets on him for not answering his phone all day, even going to the police to find out where he was. She also knows about him skipping detention at school earlier that day, that he missed out on the Decathlon competition in Washington, AND he sneaks out out of the house every night. Demanding an explanation, he admits to getting fired from the Internship. Peter resumes his life as a student and spends more time with Ned. Peter finds Liz at school and admits to liking her, which she already knew. He then asks her to the homecoming dance, which she accepts. On the night of the dance, Peter goes to pick up Liz, only to learn that her father is none other than...ADRIAN TOOMES. After some awkward photos, Toomes drives Peter and Liz to the dance. As Liz tells Adrian about Peter's background and the events at Washington, he slowly starts putting together the pieces of Peter's circumstances and realizes that he's Spider-Man. Liz leaves the car, and Toomes quietly threatens Peter by telling him to stay out of his business or else he will kill him and anyone he cares about. During the dance, Peter learns that Toomes plans to steal a shipment of weaponry from a plane coming from the Avengers Tower heading to their new headquarters. Peter ditches Liz and rushes to get his homemade Spider-Man suit to stop Toomes. He heads outside and is attacked by Schultz with his gauntlets. Peter tries to reach his web shooter, but Schultz continues to pummel him. He is saved by Ned, and Peter sticks Schultz to a bus with the webbing. Spidey rushes to stop Toomes with Ned being his eyes and ears. Ned tries to get in touch with Happy, but he doesn't care about it and hangs up on him. Spidey finds Toomes in his lair. Toomes attempts to reason with Peter that he's only doing what he believes is necessary and that the world isn't as black and white as the young Peter believes it to be, but it turns out to be a distraction as Toomes unleashes his suit as it flies around the area, destroying support beams and causing a pile of debris to fall on Spidey. Toomes leaves him to die. Peter struggles to lift the rubble off of him and he fears he is going to die. He then remembers Tony's words, he uses all his strength to pull himself out and he'll have to do it all alone without Tony's help. Spidey latches onto Vulture's suit as he intercepts the plane. Toomes tries to gather what he needs, but Spidey foils his plan. Toomes gets in his suit and fights Spidey on the plane. They knock out the turbines, sending the plane toward Coney Island. Spidey is able to maneuver the plane away from the city and onto the beach as it crash-lands. Toomes attempts to get away with the weaponry, but Spidey tries to warn him that they are about to explode. Toomes tries flying away anyway, but the cores blow up and he goes crashing down. Spidey finds Toomes and saves him, but he leaves him next to the rest of the weaponry for Happy and the police to find later, leading to Toomes getting arrested. At school, Peter finds out that Liz is moving to Oregon with her mother while her father is on trial. She is still upset with Peter for leaving her at the dance. She says goodbye to Peter and hopes that he can figure himself out. Peter is back on the decathlon team, and Michelle is made captain. She quickly mentions that her nickname is MJ. Peter then gets a text to go to the bathroom. Happy is there, thanking Peter for what he did. He then tells Peter that Tony wants to see him. Tony and Happy bring Peter to the new Avengers HQ. Tony presents Peter with a brand new Spider-Man suit, telling him that there are reporters behind the wall waiting for a big announcement, meaning Tony is about to officially make Peter a new Avenger. However, Peter turns Tony down, saying he prefers to be a "friendly neighborhood Spider-Man" for now. Peter leaves, and asks Tony if he was testing him and whether or not he passed, and Tony seemingly confirms it adding that there are no reporters. However, Tony is actually surprised that Peter made the mature choice of turning him down, and that there really were a bunch of reporters outside. Pepper Potts (Gwyneth Paltrow) comes out, asking where Peter is. She is frustrated that he walked out, so Happy covers for them by giving Tony a ring so he can propose to Pepper. When Peter gets home, he finds a bag from Tony on his bed. Tony is convinced and has given Peter back the original Spider-Man suit. Peter then proudly puts it on...not realizing Aunt May is behind him, leading her to blurt out "WHAT THE F--". Mid-Credits Scene: Toomes is locked up at The Raft and he runs into Gargan, who mentions that he and other criminals are trying to come together to kill Spider-Man. Gargan then reveals that he heard a rumor of Toomes knowing who Spider-Man is. Toomes denies it, saying Spider-Man would already be dead if he knew. He then leaves Gargan to see Liz and his wife visiting him. After-Credits Scene: Captain America shows up in another PSA talking about patience, and how sometimes being patient leads to things that aren't worth it. He then asks the off-screen director of the PSAs how many more PSA videos he has to work on. 
 I Know Who Killed Me (2007)541) A young woman who was missing reappears, but she claims to be someone else entirely. Aubrey Fleming is a regular high school student with friends and family. One night, she unexpectedly disappears. Two weeks later she is found unconscious in the middle of the woods. When spoken to, her loved ones realize she has forgotten her identity and the personality living in her body is Dakota Moss, a character that Aubrey created in one of her stories for an English assignment. Dakota denies ever being Aubrey knowing that they look identical. Now, Dakota must try to unravel the mystery of how her and Aubrey co-exist and find out who abducted Aubrey that night. Organic_6 An idyllic small town is rocked when Aubrey Fleming, a bright and promising young woman, is abducted and tortured by a sadistic serial killer. When she manages to escape, the traumatized girl who regains consciousness in the hospital insists that she is not who they think she is and that the real Aubrey Fleming is still in mortal danger. David Alves In New Salem, the upper-class high-school student and aspiring writer Aubrey Fleming has just quit the piano classes to dedicate to write. When the mutilated body of her missing schoolmate Jennifer Toland is found, the locals grieve the student while the police chase the killer. After a football game, Aubrey is kidnapped and then she is mutilated by the serial-killer. A couple of weeks later, Aubrey is found unconscious in a lonely road and brought to the hospital with severed hand and foot in the same modus-operandi Jennifer was mutilated. When she awakes, she tells that she is the stripper Dakota Moss and her junky mother had an overdose and died. When the FBI finds that Dakota is one character of Aubrey's stories, they conclude the girl needs psychiatric treatment and protection. But Dakota insists she is not Aubrey. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The quiet suburb of New Salem is being terrorized by a brutal serial killer who abducts and tortures young women, holding them captive for weeks before murdering them. Aubrey Fleming (Lindsay Lohan) (whose clothes, possessions, and room, as well as the killer's gloves and weapons, are all signified in shades of blue), a talented pianist and aspiring writer, appears to be his latest victim when she disappears without a trace during a night out with her friends. As the days tick by, the special FBI Task Force convened to track the killer begins to lose hope of finding her before its too late. Then, late one night, a driver discovers a young woman by the side of a deserted road, disheveled and critically injured. The girl is rushed to the hospital, where Aubreys distraught parents, Susan (Julia Ormond) and Daniel (Neal McDonough), wait by her side as she slips in and out of consciousness. When she is finally able to speak, she shocks everyone by claiming to be a down-on-her luck stripper named Dakota Moss (whose clothes and possessions are all signified in shades of red to keep confusion from Aubrey at bay) who has never heard of Aubrey Fleming. Convinced Aubrey is suffering from post traumatic stress disorder, her doctors, parents and law enforcement officials can only wait for rest and therapy to restore her memory. But after returning to her parents suburban home, she continues to insist she is not who they think she is, despite bearing bizarre wounds identical to those of the serial killers previous victims. The FBI agents are further mystified when they search Aubreys computer and discover a short story about a girl with an alter ego named Dakota. When Dakota begins to suspect she may be Aubreys identical twin sister, Susan shows her a video of her pregnancy ultrasound clearly revealing there was only one fetus in her womb. Confused and terrified, Dakota starts seeing visions of a menacing figure slowly butchering his captive. Convinced time is running out both for Aubrey and herself, Dakota confronts Daniel with a shocking truth that leads them on a frantic hunt for the killer. Aubrey and Dakota are twins, born to Virginia Sue Moss, a crack addict. Moss gave birth to them the same time the Flemings had their own child, who died in the incubator. Daniel Fleming quietly raises one as his own daughter, paying Virginia over the years by mail. Dakota finds the envelopes and attempts to find her parents, when she suffers sympathetic resonance from her twin's wounds, and is found by the highway. It turns out they two are stigmatic twins, with a strange mental connection that lets them share pain, communicate, and even share experiences, which explains some of Aubrey's stories. After investigating the grave of Aubrey's recently murdered friend, Jennifer Toland, Dakota finds a blue ribbon from a piano competition, with a message from Jennifer's (and Aubrey's) piano teacher; Douglas Norquist (Thomas Tofel). Dakota realizes Norquist, the teacher, murdered Jennifer and abducted Aubrey after they expressed intentions to quit their piano training, taking off their fingers, arm, and a leg in a twisted retribution. Dakota and Daniel confront the killer, Norquist. Daniel dies in the process, but Dakota manages to cut off Norquist's hand and stab Norquist in his gut and neck with one of his own blades. She then finds Aubrey where Norquist buried her alive and frees her. The movie ends with the two lying together on the ground, looking out into the night. 
 Coming to America (1988)431) An extremely pampered African prince travels to Queens, New York, and goes undercover to find a wife that he can respect for her intelligence and strong will. Immersed in luxury and riches, courteous Prince Akeem, the refined heir apparent to Africa's prosperous kingdom of Zamunda, summons up the courage to reject an arranged marriage proposal on his twenty-first birthday. As a result, bent on finding true love, the young blue blood finds himself in the strange urban jungle of New York City's Queens. Now, to mask his regal descent, Akeem, and his trusted valet, Semmi, have to pose as humble exchange students, doing their best to mingle with their neighbours. But, more than anything in the world, the noble bachelor yearns to be loved for who he is, and not for his title. Is Prince Akeem destined to find his soulmate in America's bustling Big Apple? Nick Riganas A noble, adventurous prince and valet agree to find love in the Big Apple against his father's wishes. While exploring, a beautiful native strikes his attention. Both of them bring their cards to the table. Will it be a match or disaster of destruction? Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Akeem Joffer (Eddie Murphy), the prince and heir to the throne of the fictitious African country Zamunda, is discontented with being pampered all his life. The final straw comes when his parents, the stuffy King Jaffe (James Earl Jones) and Queen Aeoleon (Madge Sinclair), present him with a bride-to-be (Vanessa Bell) he has never met before, trained to mindlessly obey his every command. Akeem concocts a plan to travel to America to find a wife he can both love and respect and who accepts him for his personality, not his status, and who can be a free thinker. He and his loyal servant, Semmi (Arsenio Hall) arrive in Queens, New York City, because according to Akeem "What better place to find a queen than the city of Queens?" They rent an apartment in the slum neighborhood of Jamaica. During their quest at crusing nightclubs and places, Akeem meets and falls in love with Lisa (Shari Headley), the daughter of a local fast food restaurateur Cleo McDowell. In wanting to woo, Lisa, both Akeem and Semmi take jobs at McDowell's, passing themselves off as exchange college students. Lisa possesses the qualities the prince is looking for. The rest of the film centers on Akeem's attempts to win Lisa's hand in marriage, while adjusting to life in America and dodging his royal duties and prerogatives. Unfortunately, Semmi is not comfortable with the life of a poor man and thus unintentionally causes a near-disaster when, alerted by a plea for more financial help, the Zamundian royal couple travels to the United States and reveal themselves to the McDowells. Although her father is ecstatic that his daughter has attracted the interest of a prince, Lisa, who has fallen for Akeem, becomes angry and confused as to why he lied to her about his identity. She refuses to marry Akeem and he returns to Zamunda with a broken heart, resigned to marry the woman chosen for him by his parents. At the final scene's wedding procession, Akeem waits dejectedly at the altar as his bride-to-be makes her way down the aisle. But when he lifts the veil to kiss her, he finds Lisa instead of his arranged partner. They ride off happily in a carriage after the ceremony. 