nm0000706:

 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (2000)541) A young Chinese warrior steals a sword from a famed swordsman and then escapes into a world of romantic adventure with a mysterious man in the frontier of the nation. In early nineteenth-century China, in the waning years of the Qing dynasty, the renowned swordsman who yearns for enlightenment, Li Mu Bai, decides to give up his legendary Green Destiny sword: the sharp four-hundred-year-old blade of heroes. To mark the end of a blood-stained career, Li entrusts the excellent female warrior, Yu Shu Lien, with the precious weapon to deliver it to Governor Yu; however, once there, an audacious and nimble masked thief manages to steal it. As Shu Lien is hot on the trail of the skilled burglar, unrequited loves; fervent passions; an unconquerable desire for freedom, and bitter loose ends stand in the way. Can Mu Bai shake off his violent past? Nick Riganas A generation of hero Li Mubai (played by Zhou Runfa) intended to withdraw from the arena, and entrusted her confidant Yu Xiulian (played by Michelle Yeoh) to transfer the Qing Mingjian to the collection of Lord Belle (played by Lang Xiong), but was stolen by Yu Jiaolong (Zhang Ziyi) that night. Yu Xiulian secretly visited and knew that it was Miss Yufu Jade Dragon. She tried to force the Jade Dragon to return the sword, so as not to hurt her kindness. But Li Mubai found the traces of the blue-eyed fox (played by Zheng Peipei) who killed her master. She hid in the Jade Mansion and took the jade dragon as a disciple. And the Jade Dragon wants to use the Qing Ming Sword to cut off the shackles that hinder Luo Xiaohu (Zhang Zhen), and they privately decide for life. The relationship has become complicated. Yu Xiulian and Li Mubai cherish the jade dragon, which is a rare talent, and painstakingly guides them, but the jade dragon has made it unwilling to listen to dissuasion. movie.douban Li Mu Bai, a great warrior decides to turn in his sword, the Green Destiny to a treasured friend. When the sword is then stolen, it is up to him to retrieve it. At the same time he is trying to avenge his master's death by the evil Jade Fox. He is joined in his quest by Shu Lien, the un-conceded love of his life. During all of this, they are introduced to Jiao Long Yu, the mysterious and beautiful daughter of a well known family. She is the mysterious link to all these tales. But through all the many subplots, this is in essence, a love story. Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. &#12298;&#33253;&#34382;&#34255;&#40845;&#12299; Set in a distant time in China, the movie tells the story of Master Li Mu Bai ( Chow Yun-Fat ), an accomplished swordsman and martial artist. His sword, the Green Destiny, is renowned for its grace and superiority in a fight. However, Mu Bai wishes to leave the ways of the warrior behind him and asks his friend, Yu Shu Lien ( Michelle Yeoh ) to take the sword and present it as a gift to their friend, Sir Te ( Sihung Lung ). Mu Bai explains that the sword holds too many memories of the past and he wishes to retire in peace. Shu Lien is a skilled warrior like Mu Bai and harbors feelings for him which he reciprocates, but does not act on due to the fact that Shu Lien was widowed by Mu Bai's best friend. At his estate, Sir Te accepts the grand gift and places it in a decorative case. Shu Lien also meets Jen ( Ziyi Zhang ), the daughter of a Manchurian governor, who is set for an arranged marriage. Despite her upbringing, Jen is inquisitive and seems envious of Shu Lien's status as a free warrior. That night, a thief dressed in black sneaks into Sir Te's study and steals the Green Destiny. An alarm is raised and the thief is chased over rooftops, pursued by Shu Lien, both of them demonstrating high skill in Wudang technique. The two engage in combat but the thief manages to escape. Shu Lien has her suspicions about who the thief may have been and tells Mu Bai about the theft when he arrives at Sir Te's estate. Surprised at his arrival, Shu Lien is nonetheless grateful to his help. It is implied that Mu Bai's intentions were to be close to Shu Lien. With the help of Bo ( Xian Gao ), Sir Te's servant, Mu Bai and Shu Lien silently investigate the theft and discover that it originated within Governor Yu's ( Fazeng Li ) compound and that none other than the infamous bandit, Jade Fox ( Pei-Pei Cheng ), is hiding out there. Mu Bai knows Fox well; she was the lover of his master who sought to learn Wudang from him. When he refused to teach her because of her status as a woman, she killed him and fled. Bo meets an undercover policeman ( Deming Wang ) and his daughter, May ( Li Li ), who have been tracking Jade Fox. Inspector Tsai explains that his wife was murdered by Fox who now hides in plain sight as Jen Yu's governess. While the three of them are conversing during the day, May and her father sharpening their weapons, a dart is shot into their quarters with a message attached to it. Jade Fox challenges them to a showdown that night. That night, they hide in the shadows of a courtyard, weapons ready, until they see a hobbling old woman crossing the courtyard. They command that she reveal herself and Jade Fox stands straight, insulting them and brandishing her own weapons. The four fight, with Bo often getting in the way as he is not a skilled fighter. Tsai and his daughter seem on the verge of defeat when Mu Bai arrives and engages Jade Fox. His attack is diverted, however, by the thief in black. Fox addresses her as her apprentice, confident now that the battle is won. Mu Bai engages the thief alone while Tsai and the others fight Fox, three to one. The thief fights Mu Bai with his own Green Destiny, but he is impressed with her skills and energy. Tsai, meanwhile, is overpowered by Fox and is killed while Bo is paralyzed with a chi-blocking attack. May mourns the loss of her father as Fox and the thief flee. The next day, Jen is told by Shu Lien that a fight occurred the night before with Jade Fox and that an undercover policeman was killed. Jen is affected by this news and it is revealed that she is the thief in black who stole the Green Destiny. Guilt-ridden, she decides to return the sword that night but is intercepted by Mu Bai who offers to become her teacher in Wudang. Jen angrily rejects his offer and leaves. Back at the governor's compound, Jen confronts Fox about killing the policeman and banishes her from her quarters. A bandit is seen scaling the rooftops and avoiding the guards set out for the governor. He sneaks into Jen's quarters and it is immediately shown that they know each other. Lo ( Chang Chen ) asks Jen to come away with him to the desert and a flashback reveals how they first met. Crossing the desert in a caravan, Jen watches the unchanging landscape beside her mother, holding a white hair comb. Suddenly, the caravan is attacked by a group of bandits. Jen's mother faints while she watches. A young man on a horse, Lo, appears and snatches the comb from Jens hand. Angered, Jen leaves the safety of her coach and begins to fight the bandits. Lo, impressed with her skill and anger, leads her on horseback into the desert, baiting her with the comb. They stop for water but Jen continues to fight until she knocks Lo out and collapses from the heat. When she wakes up, she finds herself in a large cave where Lo apparently lives. He allows her to bathe herself and tells her that he will sing so she always knows where he is. As he is cooking outside, Jen hits him over the head with a pot before escaping on horseback. But the desert is vast and soon the horse dies and Jen continues on foot until she collapses. She wakes up some time later, tied up and back in the cave. Lo had tracked her down and tied her up so she couldn't hit him again. But over time, they fall in love and Lo takes her to a settlement in the mountains. They notice in the distance that Jen's family is trying to locate her and Lo convinces her to return to them, saying that he would do the same for a missing daughter. He tells her the story of a man who climbed to the top of a mountain where it was rumored that, if you made a wish and then jumped off the mountain, your wish would come true. He wished for his sick family to be well again and jumped off. His wish came true and, because his heart was pure, he didn't die. Jen and Lo share an intimate moment before she leaves, giving him her comb. Back in the present, Jen refuses to leave with Lo. Heartbroken, he gives her back her comb before leaving. It's clear she is upset as well. The next day after the wedding ceremony, Lo interrupts the convoy that is carrying Jen dressed in her wedding outfit. He shouts at her, begging her to go back to the desert with him. He escapes the guards but is cornered by Mu Bai and Shu Lien. Mu Bai thinks, at first, that Lo is with Jade Fox but Shu Lien sees his innocence and takes him with them somewhere else. Lo tells them that Jen belongs to him and Shu Lien responds that getting himself killed will be no way to show his love. He must wait and they will see what they can do. Lo reluctantly agrees. Later on, the Green Destiny is missing again, along with Jen who has apparently run away. She is seen traveling on the road dressed in unassuming clothes. When she grabs the wrist of a waitress, demanding that her cup be cleaned, she draws the attention of a couple of thugs who boast about their strength and fighting abilities. Jen displays a quick and harmless display of her skills with the Green Destiny which incites the thugs to ask if she knows Li Mu Bai. She replies that he is her defeated foe. Word spreads around the inn of Jen's shady character and many of the patrons think it would be best if she left, or they will fight her. Angered, Jen unleashes her fury on the inn leaving most of it in shambles. Mu Bai and Shu Lien arrive soon after and learn of the fight. Shu Lien takes residence at a nearby Wudang temple only to be joined soon after by Jen, who affectionately calls her sister, referencing their friendship. They talk, but issues regarding the wedding and Jen's decision to run away anger her and she begins to fight Shu Lien. The fight ends when Jen wounds Shu Lien and Mu Bai appears, yelling that Jen has no right to wield the Green Destiny. Jen escapes the temple to a bamboo forest, followed by Mu Bai. After a brief chase they stop at the edge of a small waterfall where Mu Bai is able to temporarily break Jens emotional barriers, touching her gingerly on the forehead. He expresses his wish to train her again, sensing that she is confused and stubborn. She agrees to train with him only if he can take the Green Destiny from her in less than a few moves. Mu Bai does so with ease and Jen yells her frustration. Mu Bai does not believe she needs the Green Destiny and tosses it over the falls. Jen leaps off the falls and dives after the sword. Before Mu Bai can react, Jade Fox swoops in and carries Jens unconscious body away. She takes Jen to her hideout in the hills and tells her to rest and secretly places strong, smoking herbs in a jar before leaving. Jen awakens some time later, dazed, and stumbles to a flooded portion of the cave where rainwater is falling. She drinks some of the water before noticing Mu Bai entering the cave; he has followed them. Jen stumbles into his arms and he takes her back to her bed, knocking the herb jar away. He revives her and asks where Jade Fox is. Suddenly, Fox appears, screaming, and shoots a flurry of poisonous barbs towards them. Mu Bai manages to deflect them with his sword. He engages Fox sword-to-sword and eventually shreds her blade, sending the shards through her body, mortally wounding her. In her dying breaths she calls Jen a deceitful whore and tells Mu Bai that he will die just like his master. Mu Bai finds that one of the barbs has hit his neck. Jade Fox dies as Shu Lien arrives. Jen, contrite, says that she knows the antidote to the poison, but that it will take time to prepare. She leaves and Shu Lien stays with Mu Bai as he meditates to slow the effects of the poison. However, before Jen can return, Mu Bai succumbs in Shu Liens arms, professing his love for her. Jen arrives back at the cave with the antidote but discovers she's too late. She kneels before a vengeful Shu Lien who simply tells her to meet with Lo who is waiting for her in the mountains. Jen goes and is reunited with Lo, though she is unhappy. He finds her gone one morning and discovers her looking out over the side of the mountain. She asks him if he remembers the story of the man on the mountain that he told her long ago and tells him to make a wish. He wishes to return to the desert and Jen jumps off, falling gracefully through the mist. Lo cries silently as Jen disappears, a peaceful look on her face. 
 Tomorrow Never Dies (1997)761) James Bond sets out to stop a media mogul's plan to induce war between China and the UK in order to obtain exclusive global media coverage. Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan) is on a mission which includes a media tycoon, his former lover and a Chinese Agent. Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) wants to complete his global media empire, but in order for this to work, he must achieve broadcasting rights in China. Carver wants to start up World War III by starting a confrontation over British and Chinese waters. Bond gains the help of Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh) on his quest to stop him, but how will Bond feel when he meets up with his former lover, Paris (Teri Hatcher), who is now Carver's wife. simon Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) is an egotistical media baron. Carver has the power to reach every person on the planet through his Carver Media Group Network except for the People's Republic of China who refuse his presence in their country. When he is tied to the disappearance of a British battleship in the South China Sea, James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) is sent to investigate. It is in Hong Kong where Bond meets Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), a member of the People's External Security Force of China. With and without Wai Lin's help, Bond soon starts to uncover a plot that goes all the way back to a mission on the Russian-Kazakh Border, and will start a war only to feed the fire that is Carver's ego. Gabriel Vieira Megalomaniac media mogul Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) only needs broadcasting rights in China to complete his global communications empire. The Chinese, however, are proving to be stubborn, so he hatches a diabolical plan to thwart the Chinese by the simple means of starting a war between them and the British. When a British warship is sunk in Chinese waters, and its deadly payload stolen, James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) embarks on a dangerous mission against the clock to discover the truth. The Chinese also want to know what is happening and dispatch their own Agent, Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), who proves to be a match for James Bond. Mark Smith <msmith@osi.co.uk> Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce), a rich press baron, attempts to start World War III by convincing the British and the Chinese that they are making hostile advances towards each other. M (Dame Judi Dench) orders James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) to use his previous relationship with Carver's wife, Paris (Teri Hatcher), as a way of infiltrating his international organization, but Carver soon realizes Bond's intent. However, with the help of female Chinese Army Agent Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), Bond gets closer and closer, but will he get close enough to stop Carver from directing a U.K. missile at Beijing? Rhino <rhino@blueyonder.co.uk> Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan), the unstoppable action hero must prevent a tremendous disaster ripped from tomorrow's headlines. Someone is pitting the world's superpowers against each other, and only Bond can stop it. When a British warship is mysteriously destroyed in Chinese waters, the world teeters on the brink of World War III until 007 zeros in on the true criminal mastermind. Bond's do-or-die mission takes him to Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce), a powerful media mogul who manipulates world events as easily as he changes headlines from his global media empire. After soliciting help from Carver's sexy wife, Paris (Teri Hatcher), Bond joins forces with a stunning yet lethal Chinese Agent, Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), in a series of explosive chases, brutal confrontations, and breathtaking escapes as they race to stop the presses on Carver's next planned news story: global pandemonium. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the border region of Russia, a large bazaar of illegally obtained weapons are being sold to international terrorists. Far away, in an observation room, M, her assistant, Charles Robinson and a British admiral, Roebuck, are watching the operation through cameras placed by an agent they've sent into the area. They identify many of the weapons and several of the buyers. Over M's protests that her agent has not finished his reconnaissance, the officers agree to launch a guided missile into the area believing that they will eliminate half of the world's most dangerous criminals. The missile is launched from a British frigate and speeds toward the target just as the command center receives a radio call from their agent on the scene. Among the camera images is a plane holding two powerful soviet nuclear weapons which may be triggered by the guided missile, or at least cause a horrific environmental disaster with the plutonium they contain being scattered throughout the area. An attempt to abort the missile attack fails and the agent, who is revealed to be James Bond, rushes into the area to steal the plane and the bombs. Many of the various terrorists are killed in the resulting shootout, but a few escape, including American techno-terrorist Henry Gupta (Ricky Jay). Bond reaches the plane and knocks the pilot in it unconscious. He successfully escapes the valley before the missile hits but is pursued by another of the surviving terrorists in a plane identical to his. He evades the 2nd plane, however, the pilot he knocked out awakes and throws a heavy cord around Bond's neck. Bond keeps control of the plane, flying under the second one and activates the rear ejection seat of his own plane, throwing the man up into the other plane, causing it to explode. Bond contacts the command center and tells them he is flying home with the nukes, asking the admiral where he wants his bombs delivered. In the South China sea, a British missile frigate, the HMS Devonshire, is on patrol and is being threatened by Chinese MIGs. They are supposedly far off their course and in Chinese territorial waters, despite what their satellite position tells them. They're being directed off course thanks to an encoder being overseen by Gupta. Nearby, an odd-looking boat, equipped with stealth technology, launches a sea drill into the water and punctures the hull of the British ship. Water begins pouring in as the sea drill is directed to an upper deck, increasing the rate of flooding. The ship's power is knocked out and the backup generators kick in, but the damage is too significant, and the captain gives orders to abandon ship. Some of the sailors manage to jump into the water, while others are trapped below deck and drown as the ship slips beneath the surface. As the ship sinks, the stealth boat shoots down one of the MIGs with a surface-to-air missile. The stealth boat's commanding officer, Richard Stamper, contacts his boss, corrupt international media mogul Elliot Carver, to tell him the 1st part of the operation is complete. Carver approves and gives Stamper the go-ahead for the 2nd part: to execute any survivors from the Devonshire using an automatic rifle fitted out with the same type of ammunition that would've been used by the Chinese. In his offices in Hamburg , Carver is writing the headline for his international newspaper, "Tomorrow", trying to decide if the words "British Soldiers Murdered" will generate the proper outrage. Carver is revealed to be a megalomaniac, who orchestrates disasters and scandals around the world for ratings, as shown in a subsequent scene where he videoconferences with executives from his foreign bureaus. He is orchestrating this attack on the Devonshire to provoke a war between China and Britain so that he can install a leader who is in his pocket who will grant him broadcasting rights in that country. In London, Bond is called back to duty during a romantic tryst. He is ordered to investigate Carver's involvement in the Devonshire incident. Besides the critical details of the incident being released hours before they became known in the latest edition of Tomorrow, MI6 has traced the mysterious signal that interfered with the communications with the Devonshire to one of Carver's satellites. Bond's lead-in to get to Carver will be a past relationship with Carver's wife Paris. Bond travels to Hamburg, Germany where Carver is scheduled to hold a big unveiling of his new media center. At the airport, he meets Q who provides him with a cellular phone and his car, a BMW 750 that can be remotely driven by the phone. Bond attends Carver's gala party and reconnects with Paris Carver and meets a new woman, Wai Lin, who claims to be from the New China news agency. During the gala party, Bond is apprehended by a few of Carver's thugs who take him to a sound proof room to beat him senseless. He overpowers them and shuts down Carver's broadcast. He returns to his hotel room to find Paris Carver waiting for him. The two sleep together and she tells him a way to infiltrate Carver's Hamburg media headquarters. The next day, Bond breaks into the headquarters of Carver's media company and finds the office occupied by Henry Gupta, Carver's communications specialist and known techno-terrorist. In Gupta's safe, Bond finds a CIA decoder device, the same one Gupta took from the arms bazaar Bond infiltrated earlier. It is believed that the device may have been used by Gupta to guide the Devonshire off course. Bond takes the decoder and is leaving the building when he is discovered by the guards. While escaping the factory, Bond spots Lin leaving as well. Bond is able to leave the factory in his car, which he drives to the parking garage of his hotel. On the way, he gets a call from Carver, who has been tipped off about his wife's involvement with Bond thanks to Gupta enhancing surveillance footage, and the theft of the decoder. Bond activates the security system of his car and goes to his room. There he finds Paris, dead on the bed. A videotape playing nearby shows a completed Carver broadcast saying Paris will be discovered murdered with an unidentified man, who will be found dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The murderer, the sadistic Dr. Kaufman, promptly appears and takes Bond hostage at gunpoint. He is going to shoot Bond and make it look like a murder-suicide, showing Bond the videotape that will be shown on Carver's network. He is about to shoot Bond when he suddenly is informed over his earpiece by Stamper that the BMW's security system makes it impossible for Carver's men to get the decoder. Dr. Kaufman is told to torture Bond to find out how to get into the car. Bond hands over his cell phone and gives a code to punch in which will unlock the car. The phone sends a powerful electric shock into Dr. Kaufman and Bond turns the doctor's gun on the man and shoots him, completing the Carver media image of Paris' death. Bond returns to the parking garage and activates his car with his phone. He jumps into a rear window and pilots the car from the back seat. Carver's men have set up several traps for him but the car's defenses and weapons allow Bond to escape them. He pilots the car to the top level of the garage, jumps out and allows it to drive off the edge and plummet to the street where it lands directly in the Avis Rental office he got the car from. Bond reports to the South China Sea where he meets with American and British military officials and his CIA contact, Jack Wade. Bond shows the group how the decoder works and was used to change the location of the Devonshire. Now that they know where to find the sunken ship, Bond will explore it to prove that the ship was deliberately set off-course. Armed with a parachute and scuba gear, Bond must "HALO" jump into the wreck site, opening his chute a short distance above the water to avoid radar detection. Moments before Bond jumped, military officials discover that the site of the Devonshire is not actually in Chinese waters but those of Vietnam, making Bond's HALO jump more dangerous. Bond reaches the wreck and finds Wai Lin there already. The two discover that two of the Devonshire's guided missiles have been stolen. They surface before the ship sinks deeper into the sea and are promptly captured by Stamper on a Vietnamese fishing boat. They are taken to Carver HQ in Saigon, where they say to Carver that they've been working together on the case for months. Carver orders Stamper to torture them both. Bond and Lin, though handcuffed together, start a gunfight and escape the building. They steal a motorcycle and are chased through the streets until cornered by Carver's helicopter. They grab a cable and are able to throw it into the tail rotor of the chopper, which crashes. Shortly after, while cleaning up, Lin unfastens her handcuff and refastens it to a pipe and leaves Bond behind. He quickly frees himself and tails her to her hideout. She's attacked by several thugs but Bond intervenes and they beat them. They decide to search for Carver's stealth boat together and re-arm themselves, Bond taking a Walther P-99 pistol as his new sidearm. The two search several areas large enough for Carver to hide his stealth craft and get lucky on the last cove. They board the boat and plan to plant explosive charges to disrupt its radar cover and make it visible to the British fleet. Lin is captured and Bond sneaks inside. Carver reveals his ultimate plan; he will launch one of the stolen British missiles into China, provoking a war. The new conflict will be covered by his media group and he will bid for exclusive rights to media coverage in China when his secret partner General Chang takes control of the Chinese government and miraculously ends the conflict. Bond is able to take Gupta hostage; Carver kills Gupta openly after the tech-expert tells his boss that the preparations are complete. However, a grenade planted by Bond with a small triggering device goes off near several flammable gas tanks, causing a huge explosion. The boat, now visible to radar, is attacked by the British navy, while the Chinese Air Force is ordered to stand down, unless the boat turns towards China. Carver orders Stamper to go ahead with the missile launch. Bond goes to deal with the missile, while Wai Lin heads to the engine room to disable the engines to make it easier for the British navy to destroy the boat. With the boat disintegrating around them, Bond fights through several of Carver's henchmen and corners the villain. Bond activates the sea drill hanging nearby and forces Carver into its path, killing him, while Wai Lin is captured by Stamper. Stamper has chained Lin and dangles her over the indoor pool; when she passes Bond some detonation fuses to sabotage the missile, Stamper drops her in the water. Bond and Stamper fight briefly and Bond traps the thug's ankle under the missile. With Stamper holding him in front of the missile's engines, he hopes that Bond will burn and die with him. Bond is able to cut the straps on his pack and he plunges into the water just as the missile launches and the detonators destroy it and Stamper. Under water, he rescues Lin, breathing air into her lungs with a kiss. The two surface just as the stealth boat sinks. They are later picked up by the British Navy while sharing a romantic moment in a lifeboat. 
 Kung Fu Panda 2 (2011)431) Po and his friends fight to stop a peacock villain from conquering China with a deadly new weapon, but first the Dragon Warrior must come to terms with his past. After a year of being the dragon warrior, obesitized but fearless Po (Black) is a hero in China along with Crane (Cross), Mantis (Rogen), Monkey (Chan), Viper (Liu), Tigress (Jolie), and Shifu (Hoffman). But trouble pops out when villian Shen (Oldman) begins chaos. Everybody is ready to fight, but Po is unprepared when he learns Shen was his enemy in his infancy. Po, the plump but fearless Dragon Warrior, now rests on his laurels, living a sweet and easy life along with his equally enlightened friends--Tigress, Viper, Monkey, Crane, and Mantis--in the serene Valley of Peace. However, as Po hones his skills of inner peace, the villainous peacock, Lord Shen, and his invincible secret weapon suddenly appear, threatening to conquer China. Now, before this new formidable adversary, the black-and-white Kung Fu master needs to delve deep into his unknown origins to have a fighting chance, and above all, fulfil his destiny; nevertheless, is he prepared to unearth a well-hidden secret? Can Po and the powerful Furious Five take down Shen and his mighty army? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Long ago, Lord Shen ( Gary Oldman ), heir of the peacock clan that ruled Gongmen City in China, sought to harness the power of fireworks as a weapon with which to rule the entire country. When he learned from the court's goat soothsayer ( Michelle Yeoh ) that "a warrior of black and white" would one day defeat him, Shen assumed she was referring to the giant pandas and had them exterminated to avert the prophecy. Shen's parents were horrified at this atrocity and exiled Shen, who swore revenge. Twenty years later, Po ( Jack Black ) is living his dream as the Dragon Warrior, protecting the Valley of Peace alongside his friends and fellow kung fu masters, the Furious Five, but is told by Master Shifu ( Dustin Hoffman ) that he has yet to achieve inner peace. While fighting off a pack of wolf bandits who have been stealing refined metal for Lord Shen, Po is distracted by a symbol on the head wolf's ( Danny McBride ) armor, which causes Po to have a flashback of his mother and allows the wolves to escape. Po asks his goose father, Mr. Ping ( James Hong ), where he came from, but all Ping can tell him is that he found Po as an infant in a radish crate and adopted him. Afterward, Shifu receives word that Master Thundering Rhino ( Victor Garber ), leader of the kung fu council protecting Gongmen City, has been killed by Lord Shen with his newly developed weapon, a cannon, which threatens to destroy kung fu tradition. Po and the Five go to stop him, reaching Gongmen City to find it under the control of Shen's forces. The heroes find two imprisoned council members, Masters Storming Ox ( Dennis Haysbert ) and Croc ( Jean-Claude Van Damme ), and ask their help to liberate the city, but both masters cite their helplessness against Shen's weapon and refuse to escape. Po and the Five are then discovered by the wolf leader, who they chase to prevent him from alerting Shen, only to be captured. Upon being brought before Shen in his tower, Po and the Five free themselves and destroy Shen's cannon. However, Crane burns his wing and Po is again distracted by a flashback upon seeing the same symbol as before on Shen's plumage, allowing Shen to escape and destroy the tower with an arsenal of cannons. After escaping, Tigress ( Angelina Jolie ) confronts Po over his distraction. Po explains that he remembers Shen's presence on the night he was separated from his parents, and wants to question Shen about his past. Though empathetic, Tigress orders him to stay behind for his own safety. Po regardless breaks into Shen's cannon factory to confront Shen, inadvertently foiling the Five's attempts to destroy the factory. Shen claims that Po's parents abandoned him before he blasts Po out of the factory and captures the Five. Po is rescued by Shen's soothsayer, who has been exiled by Shen to the ruined village where Po was born. Guided by the soothsayer to embrace his past, Po remembers that his parents had endangered themselves to save him from Shen's forces, his mother hiding him in a crate before she was subdued. Furthermore, the Soothsayer reminds Po that despite this tragedy, he had lived a happy and fulfilling life in the Valley of Peace. Attaining inner peace, Po returns to Gongmen City to save the captive Five from being executed by Shen at the city harbor. During the ensuing battle (in which Shifu participates after having persuaded Ox and Croc to do the same), Po uses his inner peace to gauge Shen's cannon fire and redirect it against Shen's armada. He then urges Shen to let go of his own past, but Shen refuses and attacks Po until Shen inadvertently slashes the ropes holding up his last cannon, which falls and crushes him to death. Victorious, Po returns to the Valley of Peace and reunites with Mr. Ping, declaring him to be his father. At the same time, Po's biological father ( Fred Tatasciore ) is shown to be alive in a hidden village inhabited by surviving pandas, sensing that his son is also alive. 
 Crazy Rich Asians (2018)761) This contemporary romantic comedy, based on a global bestseller, follows native New Yorker Rachel Chu to Singapore to meet her boyfriend's family. Rachel Chu, an American-born Chinese NYU professor, travels with her boyfriend, Nick to his hometown of Singapore for his best friend's wedding. Before long, his secret is out: Nick's family is wealthy, and he's considered the most eligible bachelor in Asia. Every single woman is incredibly jealous of Rachel and wants to bring her down. JAP Native New Yorker Rachel Chu goes with her boyfriend, Nick Young, to his best friend's wedding in Singapore. Excited about visiting Asia for the first time but nervous about meeting Nick's family, Rachel's unprepared to learn Nick has neglected to mention a few key details about himself. Warner Bros. Chinese-American New Yorker Rachel Chu (Constance Wu) travels to Singapore with her boyfriend Nick Young (Henry Golding) to attend his best friend's wedding only to discover he comes from one of Asia's most wealthy, prominent families. A commoner among the social elite, Rachel becomes a target for single women vying for Nick's attention as well as for his judgmental mother Eleanor's (Michelle Yeoh), who wants nothing more than to break them up. Directed by Jon M. Chu. Based on the novel of the same name by Kevin Kwan. After dating for a year and being in a serious stage of their relationship, Rachel Chu, an Economics Professor specializing in game theory at NYU, and her boyfriend Nick Young, the two who have a modest existence as per their income, are traveling to Singapore for the wedding of Nick's best friend Colin and his fiance Araminta. The trip will be the first time Rachel will have met Nick's Asia residing friends and his family, Singapore where he grew up and his family who he has only spoken of in general terms. As time progresses for her to meet Nick's family, Rachel slowly begins to realize that he comes from an extremely wealthy background, something he has never mentioned and his life in New York which shows no indication of this, his family old money and one of if not the most powerful in Singapore. Rachel will find her time in Singapore is like a fishbowl especially on the speculation of who Nick, the most sought after of Singapore bachelors, would marry. She also finds that many people in Nick's Singaporean circle are against her in his life, on top of the list being his mother, Eleanor Young, only one small part of her feelings in blaming Rachel not only for Nick not returning home a year earlier like he was scheduled, but that she will not be an appropriate support to Nick's heir apparent role as head of the Young Corporation. With some of Nick's friends and family on her side, in the latter category most specifically his cousin Astrid who married outside of their class for love, and her main support in Singapore being her new money college friend Peik Lin Goh, Rachel has to decide what to do about her relationship with Nick: whether the situation with his family is worth fighting, or if the price for Nick is too high for her to be in his life in the long term. Huggo Rachel Chu, a plucky Chinese-American economics professor, is on cloud nine when Nick Young, her polite, dashing, Oxford-educated boyfriend, invites her to accompany him to cosmopolitan Singapore to attend his best friend's wedding. Seeing this trip as a golden opportunity to meet Nick's family, before long, Rachel discovers that Nick has been harbouring a little secret: the Youngs are not just fabulously rich, they're practically the wealthiest family in the country. Now, as Rachel tries her best to prove herself worthy of Nick's love, mingling with Singapore's elite, the confrontation with Nick's disapproving mother, Eleanor Young, an elegant but icy matriarch defined by duty and tradition, is inevitable. Is Nick willing to sacrifice everything in the name of love? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. London, England 1995 Eleanor Young (Michelle Yeoh) arrives at the Calthorpe Hotel with her son Nick (Nevan Koit), sister Felicity (Janice Koh), and niece Astrid (Amanda Evans). When asking at the front desk for her reservation, the clerk and the manager, Reginald Ornsby (Daniel Jenkins) lie about not having her reservation for obviously racist reasons. Eleanor calls her husband, who then calls Lord Calthorpe (Peter Carroll), who is good friends with the Young family. Calthorpe tells Ornsby that he has sold the hotel to the Youngs, leaving him looking foolish. Eleanor's first act as owner is to order Ornsby and the clerk to wipe the mud that Nick left on the floor. New York City, 2018 Rachel Chu (Constance Wu) is giving her economics class a lesson by having her play poker with a student, whom she beats, to the impression of the others. Afterwards, Rachel joins Nick (now played by Henry Golding), her boyfriend, for a meal. Nick tells Rachel he wants to take her to his hometown in Singapore for the wedding of his best friend Colin Khoo (Chris Pang), which would be a great opportunity for Nick to introduce Rachel to his family. In the corner, two women from a blog site called Radio1Asia spot Rachel and Nick, and one of them snaps a picture of the two of them as she walks past them. This spreads at the speed of light in the Asian community until it makes its way to Eleanor, who is with her sisters, and they start discussing Rachel. She calls Nick to ask about bringing his mysterious girlfriend with him for the wedding. Rachel is with her mom Kerry (Tan Kheng Hua), and they discuss the fact that Nick has never really talked about his family. Rachel thinks they may be poor and that he's ashamed of that. Rachel and Nick go to the airport, where, to her surprise, they are placed in first class. Nick then reveals that his family is very wealthy and that the flight is one of their perks. He then tells Rachel about his cousins with whom he shares the fortune. Alistair Cheng (Remy Hii) is a big shot filmmaker/producer based in Taiwan who is dating his lead actress, Kitty Pong (Fiona Xie), though she is noted as being a terrible actress. Then there is Alistair's brother Eddie (Ronny Chieng), a banker who is married to Fiona (Victoria Loke) with three children, though he is obsessed with their image and is seen criticizing Fiona's dress choice because it's only good for Chinese Vogue and not American Vogue. Finally there is Astrid (now played by Gemma Chan), whom Nick describes as being a sweetheart. She is seen speaking to a little girl and complimenting her teddy bear before meeting with a jeweler to purchase earrings worth over $1 million. The couple arrives in Singapore where they are picked up by Colin and his fiancee Araminta Lee (Sonoya Mizuno). They go around the city and indulge in local food that Rachel hasn't tried. In Astrid's home, she is reading a bedtime story to her son Cassian (Joe Ong) before her husband Michael (Pierre Png) comes in. He married into the wealthy lifestyle, though Astrid tends to hide some of her expensive shoes and jewelry so as to not seem. The next morning, Rachel goes to visit her old college roommate Peik Lin Goh (Awkwafina), whose family is also very wealthy, but more "new money" than Nick's family. Rachel meets Peik Lin's parents, Wye Mun (Ken Jeong) and Neena (Koh Chieng Mun), and her three siblings. When Rachel mentions that she's dating Nick Young, everyone drops what they're doing and informs Rachel just how rich the Youngs are, as they are the biggest real estate developers in the area, as well as other parts of the world. Rachel tells Peik Lin of a party the Youngs are throwing that evening at Nick's grandmother's home, and Peik Lin takes out some fresh clothes for Rachel to wear. Rachel and Peik Lin arrive at the glamorous estate, and Nick invites Peik Lin to stay and enjoy the party. Nick brings Rachel around to meet some of his relatives, including his cousins and aunts, before taking her to meet Eleanor, and then his ah ma (grandmother), Shang Su Yi (Lisa Lu). Almost instantly, the family looks down upon Rachel for not coming from money like the rest of them. Rachel tells Eleanor how her mother is a single self-made woman working in real estate and how she is an economics professor, and that her father died before she was born. Eleanor frowns upon this, viewing ambitions as being unnecessary. Elsewhere in the party, Astrid is with Michael before he leaves the room. She looks at his phone and reads a text from another woman saying "The bed feels empty without you." The next day, Rachel joins Araminta and her friends for her bachelorette party while Nick joins his cousins and their gaudy rich schoolmate Bernard Tai (Jimmy O. Yang) for Colin's bachelor party. The bachelor party takes place on a freight ship, which has pools and a dance floor. Eddie criticizes Nick for choosing Rachel, seeing her as merely a commoner, and noting to Colin that his own family wouldn't have accepted Araminta were she not from a wealthy family herself. Nick and Colin leave the party and head to a spot to relax themselves, where Nick reveals an engagement ring that he plans to use to propose to Rachel. Colin notes that Nick already stunned his family by not returning the year earlier to inherit their company, and to marry Rachel would mean to walk away from his inheritance. Meanwhile, the ladies are on an island where Araminta treats them to a shopping spree and a spa day. Rachel meets one of her friends, Amanda Ling (Jing Lusi), who then reveals herself as Nick's ex-girlfriend and starts trying to subtly play with Rachel's feelings. Rachel leaves the spa when she overhears the other girls making snide comments about her. She runs into Astrid, who tries to comfort her, but they then find a dead gutted fish on Rachel's bed in her room, with "Catch this, you gold-digging bitch" written on the window in blood. Astrid helps Rachel bury the fish on the beach that night as the other women dance and drink. Astrid then confides to Rachel that Michael is having an affair. When they reunite, Rachel tells Nick about what happened with the other women, and she is more upset that he didn't tell her about any of his past, but he felt none of it mattered. He later brings Rachel to Eleanor's house so that she can learn how to make dumplings the way Su Yi taught Nick how to do so. Rachel then notices Eleanor's ring, which she says Nick's father made to propose to her. Eleanor then makes a patronizing remark about Rachel not feeling the same way about her "old-fashioned" traditions. Later, as Rachel is trying to find her room, Eleanor clarifies that the ring her husband gave her was made only because Su Yi (his mother) did not initially approve of Eleanor for her son, and it took a while for her to come around. However, Eleanor makes it firmly clear to Rachel that she doesn't think Rachel is good enough for Nick. Rachel has lunch with Peik Lin and says that she may skip the wedding because she worries she may cause drama among Nick's family. Peik Lin convinces her otherwise and brings Rachel back to her house to pick out a nice outfit for the wedding with the help of Nick's cousin Oliver (Nico Santos). On the way to the wedding, Astrid confronts Michael about his affair. Michael tries to turn it around on her for making him feel inferior with her constantly buying expensive items, and he gets out of the car to leave her attending the wedding alone. Rachel turns up at the wedding and impresses everyone with her dress, and even manages to stun Amanda when she tells her she's in her way. Eleanor and her sisters note that Princess Intan (Kris Aquino) is there, and that she requested a whole row to herself so nobody could bother her. To their surprise, Rachel approaches Intan and talks to her about how she read an article about her and that Rachel admires how she spent her wealth. Intan takes a liking to Rachel, and even Nick sees how great Rachel looks. The wedding then goes on, with Nick telling Rachel he loves her and vice versa, and Colin and Araminta are married. During the reception, Eleanor orders Oliver to stop Alistair and Kitty from humping each other on the dance floor. Oliver cuts in and sends Alistair away before dancing with Kitty and telling her that if she married Alistair, she would have to wait because he's fourth in line to his family's fortune, while Bernard is the sole heir to his family's business. Meanwhile, Rachel and Nick are called to meet with Eleanor and Su Yi. Eleanor reveals she hired a private investigator to dig into Rachel's past, and it turns out that Rachel's biological father is still alive, but that Rachel's mother was previously married to another man before she cheated on him with Rachel's father and fled to America. Nick is furious at Eleanor, and Rachel runs away from the party, telling Eleanor she wants no part of her family. Nick tries to catch her but she's gone. Rachel stays with Peik Lin, depressed in her bedroom. The following morning, Rachel is surprised to find Kerry showing up to the house. When Rachel brings up the matter about her father, Kerry explains that her original husband was abusive to her, and she took comfort with a school friend that later got her pregnant with Rachel. Fearing that her husband would kill them if he found out, Kerry fled to America. She also reveals that it was Nick who called her out of concern for Rachel. Michael packs his bags to leave, but Astrid says she is instead taking Cassian with her to live in one of her other apartments. She tells Michael she can't expect him to act like a man because he isn't one. She then takes the earrings she bought earlier but hid from Michael, and she finally wears them. Nick meets with Rachel in the city by the water. He takes out his ring and proposes to her. Eleanor goes to a spot downtown where people are playing Mahjong after Rachel invited her. Rachel tells Eleanor that she turned down Nick's proposal because she doesn't want to be the reason that his family disowns him, but she notes that if he chose them over her, Nick might spend the rest of his life resenting Eleanor. Eleanor says "only a fool folds a winning hand." At the same time, Rachel draws a Mahjong tile which would complete her hand and win her the game. She replies that she loves Nick so much that she is willing to sacrifice her happiness for his and to remember that when Nick finds someone else in the future who Eleanor approves of and is happily married that it was her, just a daughter of an immigrant and a nobody, who made it all possible. She then throws the tile away. Eleanor picks it up and wins the Mahjong game. Rachel then shows her hand letting everyone know she just let Eleanor win and leaves with Kerry, who gives Eleanor a hard glare. Eleanor goes home to have a personal talk with Nick. Rachel and Kerry prepare to leave to go back to New York, but Nick shows up on the plane to try and talk to Rachel. He explains what his ideal proposal would have been, but he doesn't care about it because he loves her so much and would give up his whole fortune just to spend the rest of his life with her. Nick proposes once again on the airplane, but this time with Eleanor's ring, with all the passengers watching. Rachel says yes this time. Everyone cheers as she and Nick share a big kiss. Nick tells Rachel that he would like to stay just one more night. Nick later surprises Rachel by throwing an engagement party on a rooftop with all of his friends and family attending with excitement. Eleanor even manages to give Rachel a sincere smile. Rachel and Nick kiss as fireworks explode across the sky. Midway through the credits, Astrid meets a man named Charlie Wu (Harry Shum, Jr.), and there appears to be sparks between them. 