nm0007893:

 Mr Selfridge (20132016)Summaries Centers on the real-life story of the flamboyant and visionary American founder of Selfridge's, London's department store. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Swinging with the Finkels (2011)Summaries A suburban couple decide to shake up their marriage by "swinging" with another couple. Married London couple Ellie and Alvin have seen the lust fade from their marriage several years after their wedding. They act more like friends than husband and wife. They have little in common; she is a clothing designer, eager to conquer the fashion world and make a name for herself, while he seems content with being with his friends and maintaining a low profile in his office. She is also willing to try new things in their sex life, including bringing in new partners, while he is comfortable with keeping their physical relationship low-key. After their friend Peter admits that he cheated on his wife Janet, they are determined to spice up their marriage and re-ignite the sparks they once felt towards each other. After debating what they can do to save their marriage, Ellie suggests that they "swing," and have consensual affairs. They find the ideal couple, Richard and Clementine, who have similar interests and the same marital problems as them. After their night with them, they debate whether or not swinging actually helped revive their relationship. wegotthiscovered In London, Ellie and Alvin have been married nine years and are bored. Things could be worse, though. Their friends Peter and Janet have two kids and their sex life is nearly non-existent. His sex life is another matter, but that's another issue to deal with later. Co-workers of both Ellie and Alvin make suggestions about what to do to spice up the marriage. Ellie seems to be a fashion designer (very nice logo) and Alvin works with blueprints (probably an architect). One idea is swapping with another couple, which leads to some laughs. Ellie puts an ad on a web site. We meet some of the more colorful couples who are being considered. One couple is selected, and things go pretty well at first. Once a couple is selected, the process all seems perfectly innocent and not dirty at all. But ultimately the plan is not successful, and the rest of the movie is about whether Ellie and Alvin will even stay together, as well as the breakup of Peter and Janet's marriage over his cheating. By the end of the movie, there is hope for at least one and possibly both of the couples. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sherlock (20102017)541) A modern update finds the famous sleuth and his doctor partner solving crime in 21st century London. In this modernized version of the Conan Doyle characters, using his detective plots, Sherlock Holmes lives in early 21st century London and acts more cocky towards Scotland Yard's detective inspector Lestrade because he's actually less confident. Doctor Watson is now a fairly young veteran of the Afghan war, less adoring and more active. KGF Vissers A modernised series of adaptations of the Sherlock Holmes novels by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. John Watson (played by Martin Freeman), an army doctor, is wounded in Afghanistan and invalided out of the Army. Back in London his search for a place to stay leads him to share a flat with Sherlock Holmes (Benedict Cumberbatch), a brilliant but eccentric private detective. Together they solve baffling, and often bizarre, murder mysteries. They also have to compete with Holmes' nemesis, the criminal genius Moriarty. grantss A modern adaptation of the famous Sir Arthur Conan Doyle stories. Sherlock Holmes lives in 21st century London, a city filled with mystery, crime and deceit. The back streets are alive with robbers, blackmailers, smugglers and serial killers. When the police are desperate they call upon Mr Sherlock Holmes and his unconventional methods of deduction to shed light on the matter. Ably assisted by Doctor John Watson, a recently returned Afghanistan vet, Sherlock attempts to solve some of the countries most intriguing puzzles. Anon Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Series 1 Wounded Afghan veteran Dr. John Watson (Martin Freeman) meets brilliant consulting detective Sherlock Holmes (Benedict Cumberbatch) and moves into a flat on 221B Baker Street with him. Their landlady, Mrs. Hudson (Una Stubbs), acts as a de facto housekeeper for them. Sherlock's first case, "A Study in Pink", sees him apprehend cabbi-turned-serial killer Jeff Hope (Phil Davis). Their confrontation escalates to the point that John, who's followed Sherlock unnoticed to the scene, shoots the cabbie out of fear for Sherlock's life. However, Sherlock manages to extract from the dying cabbie that he was being sponsored in his crimes by a figure called Moriarty, who is apparently a "fan" of Sherlock's. The case seals Sherlock and John's friendship. In their next case, "The Blind Banker", they uncover a Chinese smuggling ring, which is again implied to have been linked to Moriarty. "The Great Game" sees Sherlock being baited into solving a series of "puzzles" by Moriarty, who is as yet unseen. Each puzzle involves solving an undetected crime, with the additional incentive being that failure to solve the crime within a set time will lead to the death of an innocent bystander. Simultaneously, Sherlock works on recovering the missing Bruce-Partington Plans for his older brother Mycroft (Mark Gatiss), who is a powerful figure in the British government. The series ends with Sherlock encountering Moriarty (Andrew Scott) by a swimming pool, where Moriarty warns Sherlock that he will destroy him. Series 2 Moriarty's pool-side encounter with Sherlock ends abruptly when Moriarty receives a cellphone call from dominatrix Irene Adler (Lara Pulver). In "A Scandal in Belgravia", Sherlock is assigned by Buckingham Palace to recover some damaging photographs in Irene's camera phone. Sherlock meets Irene but is outwitted and fails to retrieve her phone. She becomes "the Woman" in his mind. Months later, Irene meets Sherlock once more and tricks him into decoding a message for her, which turns out to be a matter of national security. Irene passes on the message to Moriarty and then blackmails Mycroft into granting her a list of demands or face Sherlock's exposure as a security leak. However, at the last moment, Sherlock figures out the password to her camera phone and crushes her bargaining power. The defeated Irene fakes her death once more with Sherlock's help to escape the wrath of the British government and enter a life of anonymity. Sherlock and John travel to Dartmoor in "The Hounds of Baskerville" to solve the mystery of a gigantic hound that apparently caused the death of client Henry Knight's father years ago. The "Hound" turns out to be a hallucinogenic drug that was being secretly developed as a chemical weapon at the nearby military base of Baskerville. The man responsible, Dr. Frank Mortimer, is killed in a land mine explosion. 
 After You've Gone (20072008)Summaries The daily lives of Jimmy, his two kids and his mother in law whilst his wife is in Africa. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 