nm0006994:

 Vanishing Waves (II) (2012)211) A neuron-transfer scientist experiments with the thoughts of a comatose young woman. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. original York Central Hospital, Auora; 4th floor medicine Hillary 416-850-4550 
 Jappeloup (2013)211) A horse with amazing courage and a big heart. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the start of the 1980s, Pierre Durand abandoned a promising legal career and threw himself into his true passion, showjumpin g. With his fathers backing, he gambled everything on a young horse who no one else had any faith in: Jappeloup. Too small, too stubborn, too i mpetuous, he had many faults, but nonetheless had a remarkable jumping ab ility. From competition to competition, the pair improved and began to make their mark on the showjumping world. But the Los Angeles Olympic Game s were a disaster for them, and Pierre had to face up to his shortcom ings. With the help of his wife Nadia and groom Raphalle, Pierre regained Jap peloups confidence and built a relationship that took them to victory in the Seoul Olympics in 1988. 
 Slogans (2001)Summaries Andre starts as a teacher in a remote mountain village in Albania. His first task is to choose one of two communist slogans. He picks the shorter one, which is appreciated by his class, because they have to build the slogan on the hillside using whitewashed rocks. However, this means that the longer slogan goes to Diana, the French teacher to whom Andre is attracted. Andre gets on the wrong side of the communist party boss of the village, when he stands up for an unjustly accused goat herdsman, whom he had befriended. The boss is determined to take his revenge on Andre. Will Gilbert It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Happenstance (2000)Summaries How, thanks to what's known as the "Butterfly theory" (a random series of unlinked events), can a young woman and a young man meet ? Chance, volition, and the large effects of tiny causes swirl through Paris on a single day. A clerk born 11 March 1977 hears her horoscope on the way to work: today she'll meet her true love, but she must be patient. Before the day ends under a full moon, twenty lives intersect time and again in unpredictable, connected ways: a jilted lover holds a souvenir pebble, a stolen coffee maker looks suspicious at a Metro stop, a yellow rain slicker is passed on as a gift, lettuce causes a bicycle accident, a leaf betrays an habitual liar who's just told the truth, and an Algerian waiter, also born 11 March 1977, sees a bug cross a tablecloth. Magical sand from the Sahara is in the air. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 