nm0004005:

 Penny Dreadfuls (1999)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 KnucklesSummaries A police detective is tasked in shutting down an illegal, underground bare knuckle fight ring in Las Vegas. Conor, the pound for pound biggest bad ass on the planet just got thrown into lock up after a fine display of fisticuffs at a local nightclub. He ultimately gets blackmailed into fighting around town, lighting up the local tough guy population to grab some attention from the underground bosses. In Las Vegas You can gamble on anything, even a man's life. Conor went to Vegas to party and go watch a title fight. Little did he know he would end up blackmailed into a title fight of his very own. Conor will be going home with the title of total bad ass or he wont be going home at all. anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 HogsSummaries A small hunting party moves through a section of backwoods forest. Three local businessmen, decked out in their best hunting garb, are being led down a trail by a slender man in ratty clothes. Brown flashes are seen through the underbrush then explodes as an animal squeals and the flash of brown fur grunts and snorts. The brown flash bolts towards the men. They have been targeted and are being taken out one by one. anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dead Trigger (2017)Summaries A mysterious virus has killed billions and turned many others into bloodthirsty zombies. Unable to stop the virus, the government develops a video game, "Dead Trigger," that mirrors the terrifying events that curse the world. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 