nm0003172:

 Mission: Impossible (19881990)44) An elite covert operations unit carries out highly sensitive missions subject to official denial in the event of failure, death or capture. Jim Phelps is the head of a super-secret government agency ("Impossible Mission Force"), and is often given secret anonymous covert missions to attempt; quite often they are unmasking of criminals or rescuing of hostages. He picks his team depending on which tasks need to be done. One thing is vital on an Impossible Mission: the mission must be carried out in entire secrecy, often relying on high-tech equipment and elaborate deceptions. A 1988 update of the classic 1966 series, featuring a great deal of high-tech gadgetry. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> The year is 1988 and time marches on...and so do evildoers. For this reason, Jim Phelps (Peter Graves) resurfaces from retirement to avenge the assassination of his protg and best friend under the auspices of the Impossible Mission Force [IMF]. Impressed by technology 20 years more advanced than his previous tenure with the IMF, and motivated in choosing a new team, Phelps sees such seamless success in this first return to the world of team espionage against global threats that he decides to stay and keep the team intact. The NEW IMF lead team: Nicholas Black (Thaao Penghlis), Ivy League drama professor and disguise expert; Grant Collier (Phil Morris), technology wizard and athletic implementer of gadgetry and the son of Jim's original technology genius; Barney Collier, Casey Randall (Terry Markwell), beautiful covert intelligence operative; Max Harte (Tony Hamilton), combat and weaponry expert; and later, Shannon Reed (Jane Badler) , a lovely tactical operations analyst. This show is a modern continuation of the original Mission Impossible series from 1966, with Jim Phelps as a successful connecting link between the two eras. Agent Chris Maverick A late 80s revival of the hit series. Peter Graves is back as team leader, Jim Phelps.. His new team consists of disguise expert, Nicholas Black, a disguise expert, Max Harte, the tough guy, Casey Randall, the obligatory female operative, and Barney Collier's son, Grant (actor Greg Morris'real son), who, just like his dad is the team's tech-expert. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Neighbours (1985 )Summaries Australian soap opera exploring the lives and relationships of the residents of Ramsay Street in Erinsborough. Serial chronicling the lives of the residents of Ramsay Street in the fictional Australian suburb of Erinsborough. When the series began, it revolved around three families - the Ramsays, the Robinsons and the Clarkes, living at no. 24, no. 26 and no. 28 respectively. Nowadays, the scope of the programme is much wider and only one member of the original families remains in the street. The show reached a watershed in 1997 when the last remaining original character, Helen Daniels, died. The departure of her relatives and arrival of the Scully family marked the start of a new era for Neighbours. There's never a dull moment in Ramsay Street, and despite their many feuds, the residents will always - in the words of the show's theme tune - "be there for one another". Jon Brown <jonbrown@skynow.co.uk> Now Australia's longest-running drama series entering its 17th year of production, Neighbours follows the lives and dramas of the residents of Ramsay Street, a quiet cul de sac in the fictitious Melbourne suburb of Erinsborough. Originally focusing on three families - the Ramsays, Robinsons and Clarkes - the show went on to achieve international fame in the late 1980s when the characters of Scott Robinson and Charlene Mitchell were married after a courtship that captured the hearts of millions of viewers. The other characters of the time were equally as popular, including such legends as the street's resident busybody Mrs. Mangel, widower Jim Robinson, his ruthless businessman son Paul and fuddy duddy Harold Bishop, who went on to marry no-nonsense Madge Ramsay - granddaughter of Jack Ramsay, the man the street was named after. Over the years, hundreds of characters have come and gone - and as the original families have moved on, other families have replaced them including the Willises, Starks, and Martins, and later the Kennedys, Scullys and Hancocks. For many years, the matriarch of the show was Helen Daniels, the glamorous granny who was always on hand to give the residents advice and support over a cup of herbal tea until her death in 1997 after 12 years on the show. Moe-6 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Crownies (2011)211) Crownies follows five young solicitors fresh out of law school as they face the pressures and madness of modern single life - in a fast paced workplace that highlights the moral dilemmas and big issues facing an apparently civilised society Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. CROWNIES follows five young solicitors fresh out of law school, as they face the pressures and endearing madness of modern single life in a fast paced workplace that highlights the moral dilemmas and big issues facing an apparently civilized society. In a world that exists solely to see 'wrongdoers' brought to justice, and where the average age of the solicitors is 27, there is a big divide between these young solicitors and the barristers at the top. Yet they are the initial point of contact with the police, and it is they who do most of the liaising with the victims and the witnesses and recommend what goes to court. They are committed, idealistic and hardworking, but their lives away from the office are riddled with aspirations, explorations, fragile relationships and partying. 
 East West 101 (20072011)Summaries East West 101 is set around the Major Crime Squad in metropolitan Sydney. It is based upon the experiences of actual detectives in a crime unit in Sydney's western suburbs. Major Crime is a metaphor for East and West, for the conscious and unconscious, for reconciliation and difference, for hope versus despair, as Malik struggles toward the sunlight while Crowley descends into the abyss. The tragedy, that the only thing that separated them was their own inability to know themselves is a universal human truth that transcends the difference between Muslim and non-Muslim Kris Wyld A 6-part mini series about the investigations of the Major Crime Squad in Metropolitan Sydney. Zane Malik at 32 is a brilliant detective whose ability to connect with people helps him solve crimes. Ambitious and driven, he has confidence, strength and intelligence. Malik is an Arab and proud of it, a devout Muslim who clashes with his immediate superior, Detective Sergeant Ray Crowley. Both men are haunted by their past failures and the damage inflicted on loved ones. Ironically, they can only overcome the past with help from each other. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 