nm0001849:

 Murphy's Law (1986)Summaries An action-packed thriller starring Charles Bronson as Jack Murphy, a cop who is running to stay alive long enough to even the score with his wife's killer. Charles Bronson plays Jack Murphy a veteran police detective who is framed for the murder of his ex-wife. Although taken into custody, Murphy escapes from the police station handcuffed to a foul-mouthed car thief. Pursued by the police, Murphy must find the real killer before it is too late. Michael A Kortt <mkortt@metz.une.edu.au> Jack Murphy is a tough, antisocial cop. Things are not good for him right now; he just killed the brother of a mobster, and is now marked for death. His wife left him and is now an exotic dancer, and is trying to get her to come back to him and when she shuns him, he drowns his sorrows in the bottle. And if that isn't enough, it seems like someone is stalking him but before going after him, this person wants to torment him first. And what this person does is kill his wife and frame him. Murphy would be arrested and is handcuffed to a young street kid, whom he arrested earlier. They escape and Murphy tries to find out who did this to him. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Road House (1989)651) A tough bouncer is hired to tame a dirty bar. Serene and laconic, yet powerful and lethal, Dalton is an expert in martial arts and the best professional bouncer in the business. With such a reputation, Dalton is summoned in a small town in Missouri to clean up the sleazy bar called The Double Deuce from the troublemakers who terrorize the customers, without knowing, however, that the villainous local entrepreneur, Brad Wesley, wants things to remain unchanged. As Dalton cleans up the nightclub, and with it, the town from Wesley's hired goons, a deep wound from a knife will inspire a passionate affair with local Dr. Elizabeth "Doc" Clay. Now, the corrupt Wesley has enough reasons to take Dalton out of the way, nevertheless, the bouncer has the final say. Nick Riganas Dalton is the cooler in bars. He backs up and directs the bouncers. He takes a job in a road house that has gotten far too rough. His attempts to clean things up put him in conflict with Brad Wesley, the town bully and rich person. Things heat up. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Dalton is an expert "cooler," a bar-room bouncer who can break up fights without getting himself killed in the process. Frank Tilghman, the owner of the Double Deuce in Jasper, Missouri, has hired Dalton away from a bar in New York City, because Tilghman needs someone who can handle the nightly outbreaks of violence at the Double Deuce, and teach the rest of the Double Deuce's bouncers how to handle it. There's even a cage protecting the bar's band from the customers. The band is led by Dalton's old friend Cody, who is blind. Dalton is injured on his first night on the job and is treated by Elizabeth "Doc" Clay, the local doctor. Dalton and Doc soon fall in love with each other, and this angers Brad Wesley, a crime boss, with whom Doc was once involved, and may still be involved. Wesley is also responsible for a lot of the violence at the Double Deuce, and for some time, Wesley has had the Sheriff in his pocket, giving him complete control of the town of Jasper. Wesley is out to get rid of Dalton, who has already made some friends in Jasper. Dalton has rented a room from a man named Emmet, and has befriended local auto-parts store owner Red Webster, and has also befriended Pete Stroudenmire, the owner of Stroudenmire Ford, a local car dealership. Wesley wants money from these people and is responsible for much mayhem. Daniel Poniatowski When it becomes too violent at the Double Deuce road house, the club owner hires Dalton, a professional "cooler" (head bouncer) to clean it up. But Dalton's early successes and budding romance with the local doctor enrages Wesley, the town crime boss. When Dalton continues to defy him, the stage is set for a dramatic confrontation that will test Dalton's limits and decide the fate of the town. R. Huston Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens at a bar called Bandstand in an unidentified town. A limo pulls up and a tall gentleman steps out and is allowed to enter the place after showing the bouncer at the door his business card. Inside, he finds the bar is very lively - lots of customers drinking and dancing, a band playing loud, bluesy rock and lots of cash being taken in by the bartenders. Nearby is a man named Dalton, the head bouncer or "cooler," who carefully watches over the crowd and the bouncers. When a small fight breaks out involving three of the bouncers, he approaches the customer who started the brawl and tells him and his friend they should leave. The customer apologizes, saying they'll behave. Dalton turns around and the customer grabs a nearby knife and slashes Dalton on his upper arm. Dalton seems unfazed, especially when the customer says he wants to fight him. Dalton tells him "Outside." When they're outside, Dalton smiles and leaves them there with five of the biggest bouncers guarding the door. Back inside the club, the tall businessman introduces himself to Dalton, who is stitching up the wound he'd just received. The man's name is Tilghman and he wants to hire Dalton to help him clean up a bar he'd just bought outside of Kansas City. Just after Tilghman bought the place, it attracted a violent crowd. Dalton tells him he'll work for him for $5000 up front, $500 a night and that when the bar is cleaned up, he can leave. Tilghman gladly accepts the offer and hands Dalton a plane ticket. Dalton turns it down, saying he thinks flying's too dangerous. Dalton goes to a local parking garage driving an old clunky 1964 Buick Riviera and tosses the keys to the attendant, telling the old man to keep the car if he wants it. In the garage, he takes the cover off his real car, a 1986 Mercedes 560, and drives out of town. Dalton arrives in Jasper, Missouri and goes directly to Tilghman's club, the Double Deuce. Before he enters the place, a large bouncer with a mean attitude, Morgan, violently tosses out a troublemaker. Inside, Dalton stands by the bar, waiting for Tilghman to arrive. One of the waitresses, Carrie, asks Dalton who he is and recognizes his name. Already something of a legend in the bouncing business, several of the other bouncers react with excitement at his presence. One of the bouncers says it's rumored that Dalton killed a man by tearing out his throat with his bare hand. Dalton remains passive, watching the club and seeing that several of the staff are unsuited to the job, are dealing drugs or are too busy fraternizing with female customers to care about breaking up the brawls that occur. Near the end of the night, a violent brawl becomes widespread among the customers and bouncers. Several pieces of furniture are destroyed, one of the bouncers, Steve, has a nasty shiner on his face. Morgan has beaten up several patrons, seemingly enjoying it. Dalton also catches up with the band's leader, the blind guitarist Cody, who plays behind a chicken-wire cage to avoid being hit by bottles thrown by customers. Dalton and Cody's band are plainly old acquaintances. Dalton goes to a used-car lot and buys another old clunker, a 1965 Buick Riviera. He also stops at a junkyard and buys several mounted tires, throwing them in the trunk. At a nearby farm, owned by an old man named Emmet, he rents a loft apartment. While he talks to Emmet about the rent, a helicopter flies across the small lake next to Emmet's property and swings low over his horse corral, startling the horses. Emmet grouses that the owner of the chopper, Brad Wesley, seems to fly low over his property just to agitate the horses and annoy him. Dalton and Tilghman hold an employee's meeting before the club opens that night. Tilghman announces that he's going to renovate the bar and that Dalton is now in charge of the management of the floor. Dalton immediately fires Morgan, telling him he doesn't have the right temperament for the job. Morgan threatens him and walks out furious. Dalton also fires the woman who was dealing drugs. He then lays out the rules; everyone will be on their guard at all times and not underestimate any customer's ability to cause trouble; they'll take any fights outside so that brawls don't further damage the place; and they'll "be nice" until Dalton determines they'll have to get more physical with any customers. He also tells them not to be angered by customers who insult them, saying "it's just a job, nothing personal." In the bar that night, a few brawls break out but Dalton and his guys are able to handle them as a team. Dalton catches Steven in a storeroom having sex with a female customer and fires him on the spot. He watches one of the bartenders, Pat, as he skims from the register and helps himself to free beers. Plainly reluctant at first, Tilghman fires Pat, which seems to carry more weight than simply getting rid of someone who was cheating him. Tilghman also remarks that it was a good night because nobody was seriously injured or killed. When Dalton leaves that night, he finds that the windshield of his Riviera has been smashed, all four tires have been flattened and the antenna has been broken. He scoffs as if he's seen it all before. While driving to town the next morning, he nearly collides with Brad Wesley, who is swerving dangerously along the road in his Mustang. At the local auto-parts store, Dalton befriends the owner, a man named Red. He sells Dalton a new antenna and says he'll order him a new windshield. Just then, Wesley walks in with a sinister-looking man named Jimmy, who glares at Dalton as he walks out. After Dalton walks out, Wesley seemingly greets Red with a friendly tone but Red knows the reason Wesley's there is to extort money from him. That night at the Double Deuce, Dalton is called up to Tilghman's office. The bartender that was fired, Pat, is there along with a man named O'Connor, who tells Dalton that Tilghman's had a "change of heart" about firing Pat. When Dalton asks for an explanation, O'Connor tells him that Tilghman buys his liquor and beer from Wesley and that Pat is Wesley's nephew. Pat pulls a large Bowie knife on Dalton, who easily dodges it and disarms him. One of Wesley's other thugs, a fat man named Tinker, slashes Dalton under his arm. Dalton easily beats all of them showing high skill in martial arts and crashes through the office window with O'Connor. He has his guys thrown them all out while he goes to the emergency room. At the ER, Dalton meets a beautiful young doctor, Elizabeth Clay, who staples up his wound, even after Dalton refuses to let her inject him with an anesthetic. He invites her to the Double Deuce. The next day, at Wesley's house, Tinker and O'Connor apologize to their boss. Wesley says he believes Tinker but makes O'Connor apologize repeatedly until Wesley beats him senseless. O'Connor and Tinker show up at Emmet's farm looking for Dalton. They tell him that Wesley wants to meet with him. They take him to Wesley's home where Wesley tells Dalton that he's been the driving force in bringing most of the big-name businesses to Jasper. He even offers Dalton a job at a new club he's planning to open. Dalton refuses and leaves. He later calls an old friend of his, Wade Garrett, another cooler, and asks if he knows anything about Wesley. Garrett doesn't and tells Dalton to watch out for himself. A few nights later, the bar has undergone the renovations Tilghman planned and the crowds have swelled. However, the place seems to be running out of alcohol rapidly. Tilghman says he's called every distributor he knows but none of them will do business with him. Dalton immediately realizes Wesley has interfered. Dalton places a call to a friend of his. One of the bouncers informs Dalton that a small group of Wesley's goons are at the door. When Dalton looks them over, he notices one has a small blade attached to the toe of his boot. Dalton refuses to allow them in and they quickly become violent but are easily taken down and thrown out. Doc Clay shows up and Dalton takes her out after his shift. She asks him if he enjoys his work and he reluctantly says he does, but it's just a job to him. She tells him with all the injuries he's suffered, he might not live to an old age and needs to slow down. He takes in her advice with mild interest. At the Deuce the next day, Dalton talks to Cody who tells him that Elizabeth Clay is Red's daughter and a one-time love interest of Wesley. When she left him, Wesley became intensely jealous. Cody warns his friend to tread carefully. Just then, a bouncer lets Dalton know a delivery has arrived. Out on the loading dock, Dalton supervises the inventory. Morgan, O'Connor, Tinker and another of Wesley's goons show up, ordering the delivery guy to take back his load. They begin smashing bottles and try to fight Dalton, who takes several of them down before he's hit over the head with a bottle. Wade Garrett arrives and goes out to the dock where he finds Dalton being held down while the goons take pot shots at him. Wade quickly joins the fight and they're both able to rout Wesley's men. Dalton takes Wesley to meet Elizabeth that night and she and Wade become instant friends. Wade suggests that Dalton may have found the woman that can change him. Dalton shrugs it off, thinking he leads too violent a life to settle down and that he hasn't had the best of luck with women. Wade tells him that the incident where he killed a man wasn't his fault since the woman Dalton was with didn't tell him she was married. Her husband pulled a gun and Dalton killed him, acting in self-defense. Garrett hangs out with Dalton at the bar the next night. Someone rushes in with the news that Red's store is on fire. Dalton runs out just in time to see the place explode, likely from a firebomb. Back at the bar, Wesley has sneaked in. He tells everyone that it's a shame that Red's place burned down. In an effort to antagonize Dalton and his crew, he orders his blonde bombshell girlfriend, Denise, to do a striptease. When she ignores the efforts of the bouncers to stop her, Dalton steps in and leads her back to Wesley. Wesley then sets up a fight between Jimmy and the bouncers. Jimmy beats them all down wielding a pool cue and making use of his own martial arts skill. He challenges Wade directly and the two fight furiously to a draw until Dalton steps in. He and Dalton briefly exchange blows until Wesley fires a shot from a pistol. He tells Dalton that things aren't working out and announces he'll leave. Some of the more prominent business owners, including Tilghman & Red, meet together to discuss how much more demanding, unstable and violent Wesley is becoming. Red is planning to leave town. After Wesley somehow gets word of the meeting, he has one of his men drive a monster truck through the car dealership of Stroudenmire, one of Jasper's businessmen. Wesley proclaims that Jasper is his town. When Elizabeth confronts him, Wesley reveals the real reason for his antagonism: Dalton. He says that Dalton either has to leave or he'll wind up dead. Elizabeth goes to Dalton's place that night and asks him to leave. Dalton refuses, saying he's dealt with men like Wesley before and that they won't stop until they're taken down. Elizabeth tries to tell him that the town is not his responsibility to save and that he might be too violent for it. Just then, Emmet's house erupts in flame. Dalton rushes in and carries Emmet out, who's uninjured. The house explodes again and Dalton hears Jimmy riding away on a motorcycle. He chases him and is able to knock Jimmy off. The two square off, trading martial arts blows. Dalton eventually wins the upper hand and Jimmy pulls a gun on him. Dalton knocks it from Jimmy's hand and sinks his fingers into Jimmy's throat, killing him. He takes Jimmy's body and sends it floating across the lake to Wesley's house. After he arrives at the Deuce the next day, Dalton gets a call from Wesley. Wesley tells him he's flipping a coin to see whether Wade or Elizabeth dies and doesn't tell Dalton the outcome. Soon after, Wade staggers into Deuce, having been beaten very badly. Dalton rushes over to the hospital to talk to Elizabeth, telling her she's leaving with him. She refuses, telling him to leave her alone. Back at the Deuce, Dalton sees Wade seemingly sleeping on the bar. When he turns him over, he sees that Wade's been stabbed with a combat knife. The devastated Dalton takes the knife and drives out to Wesley's place. Wesley's goons wait on his front lawn, armed with shotguns. They see Dalton's Mercedes speeding toward them and open fire. The car doesn't slow down and flips over the rock wall. As it does, one of the guys shoots the gas tank and the car catches fire, landing on its tires and rolling a few more yards. When they open the car, one of them finds that the accelerator pedal has been fastened down with his combat knife. He takes it and orders everyone to find Dalton, who's likely in the house somewhere. As the guy with the knife rounds a corner, he finds Morgan lying dead. Inside the house, Dalton stalks Wesley's guys, killing them one at a time. He also pushes over a large stuffed polar bear on Tinker. When Wesley enters the room and sees his henchmen dead, he taunts Dalton, saying that Wade was a "mercy killing". Dalton fights with Wesley, who tries to kill him with hunting spears. Wesley eventually pulls out a pistol. Dalton disarms him and tenses himself to tear out Wesley's throat, but Elizabeth walks in and stops him. When Wesley grabs his pistol again, he's suddenly hit by several shotgun blasts. Red, Stroudenmire and Tilghman have shown up, wielding their own weapons. Tilghman coldly tells Wesley the town is theirs, and fires the last shot. By the time the police have shown up, Red has hidden everyone's shotguns and they all feign innocence. The story closes with Cody's band playing at the successful Double Deuce and Dalton and Elizabeth enjoying a romantic swim together. 
 The Edge (1997)541) An intellectual billionaire and two other men struggle to band together and survive after getting stranded in the Alaskan wilderness with a blood-thirsty Kodiak Bear hunting them down. A model has her rich, much older husband come with her to a photo shoot. But when their plane crashes in the middle of nowhere, a strong mind game erupts between the clever husband and the jealous young photographer as they try to get back to civilization. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> A billionaire goes to Alaska with his supermodel wife for a photo shoot. The men set out to look for a good location to takes photos and crash land in the woods. A nice vacation turns into a game of life and death when a man-eating bear hunts after them. The bear isn't the only problem Charles Morse (the billionaire) (Sir Anthony Hopkins) suspects that Robert Green (the photographer) (Alec Baldwin) is having an affair with his wife. Billionaire Charles Morse (Sir Anthony Hopkins) accompanies his supermodel wife Mickey (Elle Macpherson) to a photo shoot at Alaska. The shoot is to be done by fashion photographer Robert Green (Alec Baldwin). To find a specific place for the shoot, they fly to an even more distant location, where their small plane crashes into a lake. To survive in the woods and a man-killing bear, they need each other, but the smarter of the men, Charles, is suspicious that Robert is having an affair with his wife. Gustaf Molin <gumo@hem2.passagen.se> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Charles Morse (Anthony Hopkins), a billionaire, and two other men, Robert "Bob" Green (Alec Baldwin), a photographer, and Stephen (Harold Perrineau), his assistant, arrive in a remote North America locale via Charles's private jet, along with Charles's much-younger wife, Mickey (Elle MacPherson), a beautiful fashion model. The group is here for a photo shoot and are the only guests at a lodge. Styles (L.Q. Jones), the proprietor, warns everyone that the region is inhabited by bears and not to leave food uncovered. The party also celebrate Charles' birthday, and Mickey gives him an engraved pocket watch. Bob's present is an expensive hunting knife. When Bob's male model gets sick, he invites Charles to fly with him and Stephen to a different location where a characterized Indian is hunting. In mid-air, Charles, suspecting Bob and Mickey are having an affair after he sees Bob kiss Mickey on the cheek, cryptically asks how Bob is planning to kill him. Before the conversation goes any further, the plane suddenly hits a flock of birds and nose-dives into a lake, killing the pilot. Charles, Bob, and Stephen barely escape safely to shore. Lost, wet, and freezing, the men, knowing the plane was off course, attempt to hike to a more likely search area, only to find that a Kodiak Bear is stalking them. They elude it, but later that night, the Bear attacks their camp and kills Stephen. On the run from the Bear, Charles and Bob have little chance of rescue. Though not an outdoorsman, Charles draws upon his encyclopedic survival knowledge to guide them, and the men work together, bonding somewhat. The Bear finds them, and in a struggle on a river bed, Charles impales it with a hand-carved spear, saving Bob's life. The two find an empty hunters' cabin containing some supplies, a rifle, and a canoe. As Charles is about to use the paper receipt from Mickey's birthday gift as tinder to light the stove, he notices on it that she also bought Bob an expensive wristwatch engraved with an intimate inscription. Charles realizes that Bob and Mickey are indeed having an affair and that Bob is going to kill him to obtain his wealth and wife. Bob drinks to prepare himself, causing Charles to lament that Bob is unable to kill him sober. As Bob is about to shoot him, Charles lures Bob into a "deadfall" pit left by hunters. Bob suffers a mortal wound, but rather than leaving him to die, Charles transports him downriver by canoe. They make camp, hoping a search party finds them there. Bob apologizes for betraying Charles and says Mickey was never involved in the murder plot. A rescue helicopter appears and spots them, but Bob dies before it lands. Back at the lodge, Charles hands Bob's watch to Mickey, his expression implying that he knows about her adultery. He then declares to the gathered press that his friends died, "saving my life." 
 Color of Night (1994)321) A color-blind psychiatrist Bill Capa is stalked by an unknown killer after taking over his murdered friend's therapy group, all of whom have a connection to a mysterious young woman that Capa begins having intense sexual encounters with. Psychologist Bill Capa gives up his practise when he unintentionally pushes a patient to commit suicide. In an effort to come to terms with this tragedy he visits an old colleague, Bob Moore, who is subsequently murdered. The quest to catch the killer centres around a group of Moore's psychologically disturbed patients, however equally as important is an affair which develops between Capa and the mysterious Rose. Drew McCormack <dam@ariel.ucs.unimelb.edu.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bill Capa ( Bruce Willis ) is psychoanalyst to the rich and unhinged in New York City. One day, Michelle ( Kathleen Wilhoite ), one of his most disturbed patients, arrives to her therapy session in a particularly fragile state of mind. Bill seems to make light of her problems, and when he flippantly tells her to "look in the mirror," and starts making a phone call in the middle of their session, she reacts by jumping out of the window of his office and falling to her death. The sight of Michelle's blood pooling, dark red around her bright green dress, causes Capa to suffer from stress-induced color blindness. He loses the ability to see the color red. The title of the film refers to the fact that, instead of red, he sees only shades of gray. His friend and mentor, Dr. Larry Ashland ( Jeff Corey ), urges Bill to forgive himself for his patient's death. Bill tells Larry that he's going to take some time off to visit an old college buddy in California and see if that helps give him a fresh start. Upon arriving in Los Angeles, Bill's friend, fellow therapist and best-selling author Dr. Bob Moore ( Scott Bakula ) invites him to join his Monday evening group therapy session. A bit reluctantly, Bill accepts, and meets the members of the group. Clark ( Brad Dourif ) suffers from obsessive compulsive disorder and insists on cleanliness and counting things. Sondra ( Lesley Ann Warren ) is a nymphomaniac and a kleptomaniac with a habit of marrying wealthy older men who die. Buck ( Lance Henriksen ) is a salty ex-cop who suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder after surviving the brutal murder of his wife and daughter. Casey ( Kevin J. O'Connor ) is a sado-masochist whose wealthy, abusive father subsidizes his artistic lifestyle on condition that he remain in therapy. Richie Dexter is a sixteen-year-old boy with a stutter and a gender identity problem, who has had run-ins with the law for drugs. The patients tease each other playfully, exhibiting an easy rapport, and yet the tension generated by some of their interactions hints at a dark side in each of them. After the session, Bob drives Bill to his luxurious Malibu home in his Mercedes convertible. The house is heavily protected by all sorts of electronic devices, because Bob has had some anonymous death threats, which he believes come from someone in the Monday group Bill just met. Bob quizzes Bill about his impressions of his patients-- he had hoped Bill could use his "tuning fork," a special intuitive sense he has for diagnosing mental illness, to determine which of them might be capable of murder. Bill wonders what Buck might be hiding and singles out Richie as a "genuine nut-case," but didn't detect a murderous vibe emanating from anyone. A couple of days later, Moore is stabbed to death in his office by a masked figure in black. Police Detective Lieutenant Hector Martinez ( Rubn Blades ) suspects one of the patients of the Monday group to be the killer and he asks Capa to inform the group of Moore's death. Capa doesn't want to get involved but agrees to break the news because he can do it with more sensitivity and tact than Martinez would use. The next day, as Bill is driving Moore's car, he gets rear-ended by a pretty young girl in a jeep. She introduces herself as Rose ( Jane March ). As Rose has no driver's insurance, Bill gives her his phone number and address so they can settle the matter later. Next Monday evening, Bill tells the group about Bob's death. They're shocked and devastated, and ask Bill if he'd be willing to take over the Monday evening sessions because they feel comfortable with him, especially after he shares his own recent, tragic experience. Martinez debriefs Capa about the last Monday night session. Since no one confessed to Bob's murder, Martinez orders Capa to shut the group down. Capa refuses, as he's just made both a personal and professional commitment to lead the group. Martinez rages at Capa but can't persuade him to abandon the group. He then reveals that he wired Bob's office and listened in on the last session. Capa returns to Bob's place to find that someone has broken in and left a hose running inside of the house, flooding the grounds. A couple of days later, Rose comes to Moore's house and, feeling a budding attraction, Capa takes her to a restaurant. After dinner, on the sidewalk near the restaurant, they kiss, but Rose leaves abruptly in a taxi, without even giving her phone number to Capa. Dale Dexter ( Andrew Lowery ), Richie's older brother and legal guardian, asks Bill for permission to take Richie out of therapy. Bill reminds Dale that, psychological issues aside, Richie was sentenced by the court to mandatory treatment-- Bill says that he will need to study Richie's file and deal with legal red tape before he can make that kind of decision. One morning while he is out jogging, Bill finds a live rattlesnake in his mailbox. Fortunately for him, he gets rid of it without being bitten. Martinez comes by and demands more answers, insinuating that Bill is now a suspect. Rose shows up shortly afterwards and since it's their second date, they immediately have sex, first in the swimming-pool, and then in Moore's fancy bedroom (and a few more places in the director's cut). Bill inquires within the social welfare system about Richie, and discovers that, when Richie was twelve, he was treated by a psychiatrist named Dr. Niedelmeyer. Meanwhile, we see Sondra return home after a shopping spree with her girlfriend Bonnie. Bonnie, who speaks with an english accent and flirts aggressively with Sondra, turns out to be Rose, Capa's lover, in a red wig and heavy make-up. Bonnie / Rose pitches a fit when Sondra tells her that Capa's on his way, then kisses Sondra on the mouth and rushes past Capa to make a quick exit. Sondra reveals to Capa that Richie was molested as a child but becomes incensed when he asks her if Richie might be violent. She screams that Clark is the one Capa should investigate. After Capa leaves, Sondra has sex with her personal trainer, a beautiful young male. Bill goes to Dale's workshop. Dale is a successful sculptor and furniture designer. The workshop itself is an old, disused iron factory that boasts a tower several storeys high. Bill tells Dale that he thinks it is a bit premature to take Richie out of therapy, which clearly doesn't sit well with Dale. Bill pays a visit to Edith Niedelmeyer ( Shirley Knight ), Dr. Niedelmeyer's widow, but, when he mentions Richie, she slams her door in his face. Another Monday rolls around. Bill asks the group about their current intimate relationships. Sondra tells the group about Bonnie, whom she wishes "was a guy," Casey mentions his beautiful new model, Buck describes the sweet and innocent young woman he has met. Richie says that he only has his brother. Clark, baited by Sondra, has a meltdown in group during which he admits that he, too, has a new "somebody" in his life. Bill checks on Clark who tells him more about this perfect new girlfriend of his. Bill guesses that Clark has been seeing Sondra, and Clark goes on to say that Sondra was so jealous of his girlfriend that she attacked Clark with a butcher knife and then came back the next day and hacked his girlfriend's dress to ribbons. Clark states that Sondra is dangerous. After leaving Clark, Bill is driving around Los Angeles when a mysterious red Camaro with tinted windows gives chase. After his car gets hit several times by the red car, he finally manages to lose it at a railroad crossing. Bill visits Martinez at his birthday party. Martinez informs Bill that Sondra stabbed her father with a knife and fork, Casey set his father's house on fire, Clark beat his wife so badly she wound up in intensive care and Richie has a history of drug abuse. Martinez claims that he couldn't find anything on Buck, so Bill swings by Buck's place after the party and discovers that his wife and small daughter died in a car-jacking, which Buck believes might've been "payback for something." When Bill gets back to Bob's house, he's frightened to see that someone's broken in again. He creeps around cautiously until he encounters Rose in the kitchen. She explains that she stole one of the house keys last time she was there. Bill yells at Rose that she doesn't seem to appreciate the gravity of the situation, but feels bad when she breaks down in tears. They eat and then have sex again. The next morning, Bill learns from Detective Anderson ( Eriq La Salle ), one of Martinez's deputies, that Buck discovered that his wife was cheating on him with Martinez two days before she died; that as veteran narcotics agents, both men had a lot of enemies on the street, and that anyone could have ordered a hit on Buck's wife, including Martinez or Buck himself. Bill has an appointment to meet Casey at his loft, but just before Bill arrives, Casey is strangled and bled to death. Bill breaks into Casey's loft when no one answers the bell. He finds the corpse and also some paintings burning in the fireplace. A face on one of the half-burnt paintings looks a bit like Bonnie. Bill belatedly notices that the puddle of grey paint soaking his jeans is actually Casey's blood. Meanwhile, Rose (in her Bonnie persona) is out for the evening with Sondra. At Sondra's house, they dance to some music and then spy Sondra's neighbors having sex. This excites the two women and they undress and make out with each other. But Rose / Bonnie stops before it goes any further, sobbing to Sondra that she's "jinxed." Sondra comforts Rose / Bonnie and tells her that she finds her beautiful without the red wig, which she removes. On another Monday afternoon, Rose appears at Bob's place. She and Bill start looking at Bob's photo albums. Rose abruptly decides that she doesn't want to see any more photos and lures Bill outside to sunbathe in the garden. Later, thinking Bill's in the shower, Rose hurries to remove some pictures from the photo album, but Bill sees her. She runs out of the house and drives away in her car. Bill drives after her, but loses her. Later that evening, it's time for the Monday group session. Clark, performing his usual counting ritual, notices that one book, which was missing a week before, is now back in place. Bill guesses that kleptomaniac Sondra stole it, and asks her to show him the book. Actually it is Moore's diary hidden inside an art book cover. In the diary, Bill finds a photo Bob snapped of Rose naked. Everyone in the group recognizes the woman in the photo as being his or her own girlfriend. Richie looks at the picture and leaves the room. Martinez arrives and berates everyone in the group for being idiots. Bill gives Detective Anderson the license number of Rose's car and asks him to find the owner of the car. Detective Anderson gives the name of the owner of Rose's car to his boss, Lieutenant Martinez. As Bill walks near a parking structure, the red car with the tinted windows pushes another car from the top of the structure, and the falling car misses Bill by a few inches. Bill consults once more with his friend Larry, who questions the wisdom of pursuing a serious relationship with a woman who at best suffers from a multiple personality disorder and could also quite possibly have killed his good friend (and her former lover) Bob Moore, as well as Casey. Bill maintains that he wants to continue to see young Rose. Bill knocks on Mrs. Niedelmeyer's door again and this time when she slams it in his face, he busts it down, demanding answers. Mrs. Niedelmeyer reluctantly tells Bill that Richie Dexter killed himself four years ago, because her husband, Richie's psychiatrist, molested him. Bill rushes to Dale's workshop, where he finds Richie sitting in a chair, bloodied and agitated. He takes off Richie's wig and glasses, and (as everyone expected) is it Rose. She explains that after Richie's suicide, her brother Dale forced her to dress and act like Richie, and if she resisted, he would beat and molest her. After "Richie" developed a bad drug problem that got him busted, s/he had to go to the therapy group. She started to feel she wanted to be a girl again, but she didn't dare, at first, to be Rose, so she was Bonnie. She started to be Rose again when she fell in love with Bill. When Bill tries to get Rose to leave with him, he discovers that her hands have been nailed to the arm-rests of the chair by Dale. He pries the nails up and frees Rose, but Dale comes back and starts shooting at them with his nail-gun. He nails Bill's arm to the wall and is about to kill him when Lt. Martinez appears and points his gun at him. Dale is faster than Martinez and while Martinez is bragging about his detective skills, he nails both of Martinez's hands to the wall. Bill and Rose run away, but Dale, using a forklift, dumps a cabinet on Bill, who pushes Rose out of the way. Rose escapes, but Dale catches Bill and ties him inside a metal cage. Bill touches a nerve in Dale when he uses his "tuning fork" to figure out that Dale's obsession with turning Rose into Richie must stem from his guilt over having allowed Niedelmeyer to treat Richie, knowing that Niedelmeyer was a sexual predator due to the fact that Niedelmeyer had previously molested Dale himself. Dale explains to the captive Bill that he killed Moore because Moore was beginning to understand who Richie really was. And he killed Casey because Casey, with his painter's eyes, would eventually perceive that "Bonnie" and "Richie" were the same person. Dale announces his plan to cut Bill into little pieces, but Rose aims the nail-gun at him and kills him with a nail to the head. Stricken with grief after killing her brother, Rose aims the nail gun at her own head and pulls the trigger-- fortunately, it's out of nails. She runs up the tower in the pouring rain, Bill clambering up after her. When she reaches the platform at the top, she wants to throw herself from it, but Bill catches her and puts her back on the platform, where they start kissing passionately. There is a red beacon flashing in the background and suddenly, Bill can see the real red color of the beacon: he has been cured of his color-blindness by love! In the final shot, Bill and Rose continue to kiss on the platform in the pouring rain while Martinez's voice manages to reach them loud and clear despite the fact that they're five storeys up in a torrential rainstorm-- he pleads for them to come back downstairs and "Get me out of heeeeeeerrrrre!!!" 