nm0009636:

 All Stars 2: Old Stars (2011)211) The friends of soccer team Swift Boys 8 now come together only once a year to play a soccer match. As a result, over the years their friendship has become somewhat diluted. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Eversince they were 6 years old, the Swift Boys have been close friends, except for Peter who joined one year later and always remained the odd one out. Now, 35 years later, team captain Bram announces his wedding, which is to take place in Barcelona, Spain. The team decides to not just be there for their life-long friend, but also have an old-fashioned training camp. On their way to the festivities, the seven friends run into a series of unexpected events. Lost on their way to Spain, they end up at a naturist camp site, where the old German-Dutch soccer rivalry reaches an unexpected climax, after which the Boys run into trouble in France. During their travels and the adventures they stumble upon, they are each confronted by their own troubles and are forced to deal with the harsh realities of life in the past, present and future. Will the Swift Boys manage to overcome their issues, while still saving their friendship, relationships and perhaps even their lives? 
 De zevende hemel (2016)Summaries In this movie we meet Maria Rossi, who runs a wonderful Italian restaurant together with her loving husband. When live takes an unexpected turn, she wishes to bring her family back together for once. This isn't that easy because of old fights and discussions, relationship troubles and the anniversary of the restaurant... 'De Zevende Hemel' is a musical tribute to love and family by director Job Gosschalk. With Dutch songs by De Dijk, Nick & Simon, Boudewijn de Groot, Trijntje Oosterhuis, BLF, Marco Borsato and Doe Maar. This phenomenal star cast contains Huub Stapel, Henritte Tol, Thomas Acda, Tjitske Reidinga, Halina Reijn, Ruben van der Meer, Jan Kooijman and Noortje Herlaar. Dutch musical centered around a family restaurant. There's a reunion coming up for which the family is planning a big event. After the reunion celebration, the parents will hand over the restaurant to their children. Unfortunately, the relationship with one of their sons is very tense. The mother is trying to repair that relationship in time for the reunion. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Love Is All (2007)Summaries The bumpy love lives of four Amsterdam couples intersect during the days leading up to Dutch national holiday Sinterklaas. LOVE IS ALL Klaasje has divorced Dennis, who cheated on her with a school teacher. Dennis would like her back, but when she moves in with a young lover it looks as if he has missed the boat. Meanwhile, Klaasje's best friend Simone is the pivot of her family. Her husband Ted often feels redundant and he does not have the guts to tell her that he has been laid off. Pool attendant Victor is looking forward to marrying the love of his life, Kees. But Kees has doubts and keeps his fears at bay during weekends spent 'larping' (Live Action Role Play). Victor's sister Kiki, a sales assistant at department store Bijenkorf, is dreaming of a prince on a white horse. But she is unaware of the fact that a real prince, Valentijn, is crazy about her. With the arrival of a mysterious Santa Claus, all these amorous ups and downs reach a climax, while the happy endings come closer too. Motel Films It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Penoza (20102017)Summaries After her husband is assassinated, housewife Carmen reluctantly has to take charge of the criminal business of her family. Penoza takes us to the Amsterdam underworld where we meet drug lord Frans and wife Carmx. After their son, at 10, threatens a child with a gun, Carmen presents Frans with an ultimatum: get out of the criminal life or lose your family. But they end up losing Frans, who's shot dead, leaving Carmen to deal with the debts he leaves behind, not to mention other unfinished business. With a mobster father, Carmen isn't inexperienced in this life, and proves rather adept at coping with the clean-up. Will she be able to walk away? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 