nm0002290:

 The King of the Kickboxers (1990)Summaries A cop goes undercover in Thailand to avenge his brother's death in this martial arts film. Kahn is a heavy weight kick-box champion, who often kills his opponents in front of the running camera, to sell it on video tape. Jake had to witness once how his brother was killed by him, and now has come for revenge. But first he has to improve his fighting skills; he asks Phang, the only person in the whole world who ever had Khan down on his back, to train him until he is a match for him. Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> Jake Donahue is a New York cop and an energetic warrior with a destiny ahead of him. However, Jake's cowboy ways are unorthodox, but very effective when it comes to putting the criminal element out of business and after successfully putting a gang of drug dealers out of business, Jake's captain informs him that Interpol needs his help in Thailand to bust up a snuff ring that involves making and selling movies that involve people really getting killed. At first, Jake wants no part in it but after watching a confiscated tape, he is enraged to learn that the person who's starring in these snuff movies is Khan, a mountain of pure muscle, superhuman strength, deadly kicking abilities and most of all, possessing a ruthless fighting spirit. Many years ago, Jake's older brother Sean, who was a heavyweight kickboxing champion had just won his eighth victory in the rings of Thailand, even though someone had told him to throw the fight. Little did Sean know was that victory would be his last, as Khan and his thugs ambush him and his brother Jake. Sean succeeds in defeating the first wave of attackers, but Khan's style of fighting is so fast and brutal, that a three-kick combo puts Sean on his back (and into an early grave). Jake witnesses this and is consumed with rage for the death of his brother. Jake tries to fight Khan, but Khan just kicks the slime out of the youngster and he is orphaned and left for dead. Now an adult, Jake sees that the time for vengeance is perfect and he goes to Thailand, where one of the locals tells him that his skills won't be enough if he's trying to take down Khan. The local tells him that Prang, a drunken hermit with supreme kicking ability is the only one who ever came close to putting Khan on his back and that Jake should see him for training. At first, Prang is reluctant to teach Jake since his motive for going after Khan is vengeance, but decides to train him anyway since Khan is using his skills to kill people on tape. After telling Jake the story of how he lost to Khan, Prang begins Jake's days of training which has many painful trials; including ignoring blows to his body and avoiding Khan's three-kick combo technique. When Molly, a young wannabe model and supposed slave girl of Khan's gets caught up in the mix, Jake and Prang may be the only defenders left to stop Khan and bust up the snuff ring for good. Keno Reeves (spywatcher459) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Silent Force (2001)Summaries An elite Federal force whose objective is to eliminate organized crime is violently assassinated by an evil Asian crime lord. The sole survivor of the group teams up with his late partner's widow to strike back at the crime lord and his son. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Deadly Ransom (1998)Summaries A wealthy banker and his daughter are kidnapped by a gang of thugs. The girl's boyfriend, who serves in the special units of the US Navy, is in possession of particular psychic powers. It will be thanks to these powers he will discover the place where the two abducted were locked. IvanWong It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Circuit (2002)Summaries Years ago, Dirk Longstreet walked away from The Circuit, the merciless underground fight club with no rules, where money changes hands as men are killed. But now gangsters have got his brother, and only one more journey inside the ring will save his life. Anonymous Dirk Longstreet is a University professor. But ten years ago, Dirk Longstreet was actually Dirk Lincoln, the Eastern Seaboard Champion of an illegal underground fighting society, known to its members as 'The Circuit'. Dirk is happy with his new name and profession, but when his brother (Jeremy) enrolls in the fighting society to make money. Longstreet has to make a choice - let Jeremy learn from his own mistakes, or step back into the vicious underworld he walked away from. Dirk infiltrates his way back into the underground pit fights to face The Circuit's new champion, Kwan (the tiger Twins), and the new owner of The Circuit, Vixton. Jalal Merhi Dirk Longstreet, is a University coach who goes the extra mile for his athletes and students. He owns a nice home, nice car, and has a dog. Everything is on the rise for Longstreet - his career, and his reputation as an elite national coach. But Dirk has a skeleton in his closet. Glen Gregory Doyle It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 