nm0003661:

 Addicted to Murder 3: Blood Lust (2000)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. NOTE: Sequel to Addicted to Murder: Tainted Blood (1999). It is 1999. Joel Winter, now a vampire hunter, is living in New York. He still hunts vampires in retaliation for them making him into a killer, but he has gained a higher purpose. Through nightly conversations with demons, "the true creatures of the night", Joel is methodically killing vampires in order to pave the way for demons to return to earth. Vampires all over New York are hiding in fear of him. He has even managed to destroy Angie Karnstein, one of the oldest and most powerful vampires of them all. Still, vampires are coming forth to be interviewed for a documentary about the supernatural. For example, Karen tells the TV screen about her most recent relationship with another vampire, which ended with her killing him after she learned that he'd been "doing it" with Tricia. Tricia, who became a vampire seven years ago, still prefers the company of humans to that of cliquey vampires. Tricia tells the interviewer how, after rejecting the request of one of her human pets to be made into a vampire and then not killing him, she was horrified to find several months later that Dan [Joe Zaso] had become a demon, thanks to Joel. It took a sprinkling of salt to destroy Dan. In a twist upon a twist, Karen and Tricia end up feeding on the interviewer but find that the entire interview itself was a trap when Joel suddenly appears, machete in hand. His job finished in New York, Joel follows a trail to Chicago where the master vampire Enrique [Frank Lopez], who goes by the name Santana, is incarcerated in the State Penitentiary. Santana actually chooses to be incarcerated. And why not? He has a deal with Captain Klostermann [Reid Ostrowski]. Each night, Klostermann lets Santana out so that he can find food and commit a few robberies, bringing back the spoils to share with Klostermann. Supposedly in prison, no suspicion ever falls on Santana. Occasionally, for appearances sake, Santana has to bunk with another inmate. This time it's Dorian Maxwell [Nick Kostopoulos], sent up for murder but reputed to have killed for moral reasons. Santana figures that he can count on Dorian. Besides, Santana knows about the one person Dorian cares about -- his daughter Karen -- and Santana isn't above using Karen to ensure Dorian's silence. Unfortunately, Dorian begins to suspect that Santana is a vampire. Perhaps it's because Santana dislikes religion. Or because Santana's mattress is filled with soil. Or when Santana sprouts fangs and kills two inmates who are threatening Dorian. Dorian puts it all together and decides to confide in Reverend Fulton [Steven Jon White], who relays the information to the warden. When Klostermann gets wind of it, however, he gets Santana to kill the warden and threatens to blame it on Dorian. That night, Santana picks up Karen Maxwell [Deneen Sherman] from her place of work and walks her home. Unbeknown to Santana, Reverend Fulton is watching him. The Rev follows Santana and Karen back to Karen's house, where he tells Karen that Santana is an escaped convict and cell-mate of her father and that Santana has come to harm or even kill her in retaliation for being crossed by Dorian. Rev Fulton fires 12 bullets into Santana, but he transforms into a vampire and kills them both. Meanwhile, Dorian has been fashioning a stake from a broom handle. When Santana returns to his cell, Dorian has rigged his bunk so that Santana is impaled on a stake when he lies down. One year later: Santana is back on the streets, and Joel is watching him. [Original by bj_kuehl.] 
 Not Afraid to Say... (1999)Summaries A woman comes between two best friends. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Addicted to Murder: Tainted Blood (1998)211) New York City is one of the prime breeding grounds for the vampire, a creature that is very selective in whom it chooses to bestow the gift of eternal life. Among the candidates are the twenty-something Tricia, who desires to experience any life but her own; Jonathan, a young vampire with an attitude problem; and, of course, a few serial killer types like Joel Winter, who search for something beyond their psychopathic lives... But there's one problem--a rogue vampire who is turning people who aren't worthy of "The Gift"--and it's up to Angie Karnstein to find her sister and put an end to these creatures with the tainted blood. Kevin Lindenmuth Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. NOTE: Sequel to Addicted to Murder (1995). This sequel is unusual in that it doesn't pick up where the first film leaves off; rather it attempts to fill in a gap in the first film. In Addicted to Murder, we followed the first 31-years of serial killer Joel Winter's life. At 5 years of age, Joel was introduced to Rachel, a vampire who befriended him and taught him to hunt and kill by having him "kill" her over and over again. Between 1990 and 1992, Joel's mother died, Rachel abandoned Joel, and he moved to New York City where he married and tried to live a normal life. In 1995, however, his marriage broke up and he was befriended by another vampire, Angie, who fed on Joel's anger and turn him into a vampire. By the time Joel finally caught up with Rachel (@2005), he had become a vampire hunter, and he destroys her. Addicted to Murder: Tainted Blood tries to fill in the years between Joel's move to New York in 1992 and the point where he has become a vampire hunter. Arbor Hills, Michigan: It's three weeks from Christmas, 1992. Joel Winter's mother has died, so Joel decides to move from his hometown to New York City, hopefully to find others like himself -- vampires. Unbeknown to Joel, the woman for whom he has been searching, the woman who made him what he is, the vampire Rachel, has also moved to New York City, where there is a small but thriving community of vampires. New York City: Karen [Cloud Michaels] is upset. Rachel has returned to New York City and won't follow the rules when it comes to making more vampires. One of Rachel's "strays" has found out where Karen lives and come looking to be turned completely. After killing him, Karen rings up Angie and lodges a complaint. It's dangerous, says Karen, to mix our blood and let it go unsupervised. Rachel needs to be stopped, and Angie, as one of the elder vampires (Angie is over 600 years old), has the duty of stopping her, so Angie calls in a Hunter [Joe Moretti] to find Rachel. Angie also has problems of her own. Tricia [Sarah K. Lippmann] is one of Angie's blood, but Tricia is having a hard time learning to function as a vampire. Naturally timid, Tricia has tried placing ads in the Personals column of the newspaper in order to lure victims, but she can't kill them even after biting them, so Angie has to finish Tricia's kills. When Tricia finally succeeds at her first kill, Angie coerces Jonathan [Ted Grayson], one of Rachel's more successful turns, to train Tricia. Angie also puts a tail on Jonathan, hoping that he will lead her to Rachel, but Jonathan succeeds in warning Rachel, and Rachel goes deeper into hiding. When Jonathan also disobeys the rules and feeds on someone of high profile, Angie sends out the Hunter to straighten him out by pulling his fangs so that Jonathan must go for several months without feeding. Meanwhile, still on his way to New York, Joel is having car trouble. A local redneck stops to help and offers Joel a ride to a gas station. The redneck turns out to be a demon sent by Rachel to kill Joel. He tells Joel that Rachel considers him a toy and that his blood is "tainted." Joel kills the redneck, takes his car, and continues on to New York. [Original by bj_kuehl.] 
 Tuesdays with Morrie (1999 TV Movie)Summaries A journalist finds himself questioning his own life when his best friend, a dying man, offers him some very powerful wisdom and advice for coping in relationships, careers and society. Mitch became caught up with his career as a sport commentator and journalist. He ignored his girlfriend and did not make time to do things in life that are of the most value to a human being. Morrie was one of Mitch's professors in college and a famous scholar. One day Mitch was watching television and saw Morrie giving an interview stating that he is dying of Lou Gehrig 's disease or ALS. Rosemea D.S. MacPherson Accomplished sports writer Mitch Albom feels that his life is lacking, despite his success. When Mitch watches a television interview with his former university professor, Morrie Schwartz, he is moved to reconnect with his old mentor, who is struggling with Lou Gehrig 's disease. As Mitch and Morrie get reacquainted, they engage in thoughtful conversations about a variety of significant topics, including love, happiness and death. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 