nm0005097:

 Devil's Prey (2001)211) A group of young adults attend an all-night rave only to discover that it's a trap for a satanic cult that requires flesh for bloody sacrifices.After a night of being chased by masked members, the would-be victims find sanctuary Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with a young woman being sacrificed by members of a Satanic cult. The focus then switches to five college kids: Eric, David, Samantha, Joe and Susan. Sam gets given a flyer for a rave and the gang decide to go. The rave is held in a barn and Eric starts selling drugs to people there despite being on parole. David gets into a fight with one of the other guys there and the gang are thrown out. As they leave, the man throwing the rave remarks that they may have found some candidates. While driving home, David nearly runs over a woman called Fawn who is covered in blood and has been running from a group of Satan worshippers called the Shadows. The gang are soon ambushed by the Shadows who run their car off the road. While trying to escape, Joe is caught by the Shadows and taken away. The others hide out in a cabin and Fawn tells them they have been trying to sacrifice her to Satan. The gang are divided on what to do next as Sam and Eric think they should leave Fawn since it's her the Shadows want while Susan and Eric think they should help her because they nearly killed her. They are soon attacked by members of the Shadows while Joe is being sacrificed elsewhere. They manage to fight them off and escape from the cabin. While out walking they are attacked by a girl that Eric recognises from the rave. The five of them follow the river and eventually come to a small town. They find Seth, the minister who knows about the Shadows and he takes them to the local sheriff. Sam and Eric stay behind at the diner while David, Susan and Fawn go with the sheriff. They go to the crash site and find that their car has been taken away but they find Joe's glasses to prove their story. Back in the diner, Eric goes outside to make a phone call but the pay phone is broken. The people in the diner knock Sam out and kidnap her. Meanwhile the others run into Seth on the road and he shoots the sheriff and Fawn reveals that she is in league with him and the Shadows. She knocks David out but Susan gets away. David and Sam are taken to the barn where the rave was held and Sam is tortured and eventually killed by Fawn. Back in the town Eric and Susan sneak in the back of a pick-up truck to get to the barn. When they get there Eric is hit in the back with an axe and Susan is drugged. When she comes around she has been chained up, ready to be sacrificed in the hopes that the Shadows will get immortality. Seth prepares the ritual to sacrifice Susan but Eric drives the car into the barn. Susan kills Fawn and her and David escape while Eric blows up the truck, killing everyone else. Seth gets out and goes after Susan and David but they crash the truck into him and he is impaled on a stake. The ending flashes forward six months later to David and Susan living in an apartment of their own. David leaves for class and Susan has a nightmare of Fawn in the apartment. As she closes the door we see Seth standing inside and he says "hello, Susan" as the movie ends. 
 The Dead Zone (20022019)Summaries Johnny had the perfect life until he was in coma for six years. When he awoke, he found his fiancee married to another man. His son doesn't know him. Everything's changed, including Johnny. With one touch, he can see things. Johnny Smith has been leading an idyllic small-town life. Employed as a science teacher, Johnny takes great pleasure in showing his young students the wonders of the natural world. He is also newly-engaged to a loving fiance named Sarah, a fellow teacher he's known since childhood, and is a good son to his widowed mother, who lives nearby. Johnny's life is nearly perfect, until the day his life is interrupted by a nearly fatal car crash that leaves him in a deep coma. Six years later, Johnny finally regains consciousness and discovers that life as he once knew it has completely changed. His mother has passed away, and Sarah has gone on to marry someone else, and now has a son. But Johnny himself is also not the same person he once was: he now finds himself in possession of amazing psychic powers which allow him to see into the lives of anyone he touches. Now, as Johnny attempts to reacquaint himself with a life he has been away from for six years, he must also begin a quest to come to terms with his new abilities, abilities that may turn out to be both a blessing and a curse. Helping Johnny make a fresh start are his physical trainer Bruce, who also becomes a close friend; his mother's priest, Gene Purdy, who sets up a trust fund for Johnny, but may not be looking out for Johnny's best interests; and Sarah, who must find a way to make Johnny a part of her life again without risking her relationship with her husband and son. Ronos Johnny Smith had the perfect life. Until he was in coma for six years. When he awoke, he found his fiance married to another man. His son doesn't know who he is. Everything's changed. Including Johnny. One touch, he can see things. Things that have happened. Things that will happen. You should see what he sees. James <jamesf98@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hellbent (2004)321) Halloween in West Hollywood, two guys making out in a park are interrupted by a serial killer. Later that night, a group of gay kids decide to visit to the site of the murders. Two gay men on a date are murdered the night before Halloween in West Hollywood, California. Eddie and his friends Joey, Chaz and Tobey are going out the following night to the West Hollywood Halloween festival when they encounter the psycho, who sets his eye on them. The killer stalks them through the festival as Chaz parties, Joey chases his jock crush, Tobey tries dressing in drag, and Eddie pursues Jake, the bad boy he wants to get to know better. Not until the very end do you find out who dies and who survives their night of terror. Esprix Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A night filled with beautiful people, music and dancing at the West Hollywood Halloween Carnival turns deadly for four gay friends. When two men are found dead, the friends find that they are the killer's next target. No one knows who will survive the night. A wild, relentless ride filled with unexpected surprises and shocking scares. 
 The Absent (2011)321) A High School teacher falls for his prize student and loses his mind. The town of Liberty has many secrets but the darkest is hidden between twin brothers. Vincent and Oscar Burton are only 10 years old when Oscar finds out his parents are trying to kill him for insurance money. Oscar takes it in to his own hands to protect himself and his twin. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The town of Liberty has many secrets but the darkest is hidden between twin brothers. Vincent and Oscar Burton are only 10 years old when Oscar finds out his parents are trying to kill him for insurance money. Oscar takes it in to his own hands to protect himself and his twin. He makes a breakfast that will be his parents last. Twenty five years later Vincent Burton is the best science teacher at Liberty High School until he falls for his prize student Katie Anderson. Katie has just ended a relationship with her cheating jock boyfriend Karl Pierce when she seduces Vincent. He takes her to his parents summer cabin and they cross the line when they enter into a sexual relationship. Vincent's twin brother Oscar is released from prison and decides to help Vincent avoid doing hard time. First Katie disappears then Vincent's list of absent students grows as Oscar does anything he can to take care of anyone who has knowledge of the relationship. Parents and teachers start to worry as the body count rises. The local Sheriff starts hunting Oscar but Vincent keeps him well hidden. The game of cat and mouse has the whole town involved. Innocent bystanders even start paying the price until the three face off in a bloody ending where only one remains standing. 