nm0002341:

 Unstable Minds (2002)Summaries Billy marries his high school sweet heart, Janet and they soon have a son. Their marriage turns into a downward spiral where she works at a local strip club and starts having an affair with her husbands best friend, Freddy. When Billy becomes suspicious, all hell breaks loose. While seeing them in the act of love making, Billy kills his wife and best friend. He is sentenced to a sanctuary for the mentally ill in some small snowy mountain community. He soon escapes and runs into a woman who has recently had a car accident and is suffering with amnesia. In his own mental state, he sees his wife alive and beautiful. But Billy still has memories of a wife who cheated on him. Susan Harris It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Thief & the Stripper (2000)Summaries Jack (an ex P.I.) steals a briefcase from local mobsters. A stripper joins him on the run. Other local mob groups are also interested in the contents of the briefcase. Jack just lost his P.I. license and his life is on a downward spiral. He decides to steal a cash briefcase from the local gangsters. He hides in a strip joint owned by a local mob legend Jimmie D and pays a stripper to help him escape. The gangsters find her and want her to lead 'em to him. She is also interested in the case, as well as other local mobsters and dirty cops. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cattle Call (2006)Summaries A guy starts a fake casting agency in hopes that he will meet his soul mate. In Los Angeles, three guys with limited social lives hatch a plan to meet women: they'll issue a casting call for an independent film, interview actresses, and ask out the ones who interest them. Glenn is a nerd, but he has the office. Sherman has the idea--he's a hound, happy to lie, eager to meet and bed as many women as he can fool. Ritchie, who owns the camera, hopes to meet his true love. Within a few days, he's fallen for Marina Dell, new in town with a boyfriend back East; Glenn is gaga for Laurel, and Sherman can't say no to the adventurous Nikita. How long can they sustain the fiction, and what about real feelings? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tales from Beyond (2004)Summaries A young couple looking for a gift enter a mysterious bookstore where they are magically transported into the worlds of the books. When a trendy young couple enter a quaint-looking antiquarian bookstore seeking a present for their friend, they find more than they bargained for. A mysterious shopkeeper takes them into the world of his books, leading them through four amazing stories. What happens next they could never have imagined! Nate Barlow It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 