nm0010871:

 A Fool and His Money (1989)211) While watching TV, ex-adman Morris Codman receives a message from God. Advised by the Almighty to go into business for himself, Codman inaugurates his own religion, founded on a philosophy of selfishness. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Seeing God on TV inspires a New York adman to form a new religion based on greed, with a janitor in charge. Later, in a predictable epiphany, he discovers the beauty of altruism, realizing that bilking people out of their money isn't worth the loss of his morals and his love. (Bullock plays the role of the skeptical girlfriend.) Information provided by Rotten Tomotoes and Yahoo! Movies 
 The Lightkeepers (2009)Summaries Set in the year 1912 on Cape Cod, a lighthouse keeper who has disavowed any association with females, must deal with the appearance of two attractive women who move into a nearby cottage for the summer. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 An L.A. Minute (2018)Summaries "An L.A. Minute" is a satirical look at fame, success, the star-making machinery and the karma that attaches to all those who worship at the altar of Celebrity. Best-selling author Ted Gold faces a moral dilemma when Velocity, an avant-garde performance artist and the living embodiment of integrity, rocks his 1% world. An L.A. Minute is a satirical look at fame, success, the star-making machinery and the karma that attaches to all those who worship at the altar of Celebrity. Everyone can identify with the dilemma that the protagonist, the best-selling author Ted Gold, faces when Velocity, an avant-garde performance artist and the living embodiment of integrity, rocks his 1% world. But, as is often the case in real life, what you see is not exactly what you get. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Golden Boys (2008)211) A romantic comedy, set on Cape Cod in 1905, about three 70-year-old retired sea captains who try to lure an attractive middle-aged woman into marriage. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "Chatham" tells the story of three retired sea captains -- Zebulon "Zeb" Hedge (Carradine), Perez Ryder (Dern), and Jeremiah "Jerry" Burgess (Torn) -- living together in genteel squalor. They scheme to improve their fortunes by having one of them solicit a bride through an ad in a Boston newspaper. The loser of a coin toss must get married and take in the other two as boarders. But upon the arrival of the Nantucket woman (Mariel Hemingway) selected from the applicants, the captains get cold feet. 