nm0007441:

 I.C.U. (2009)Summaries A sadistic voyeuristic killer is stalking the city. 3 curious teenagers while spying on their neighbors believe they've discovered his identity. But when your holiday high rise apartment is filled with hidden CCTV cameras. WHO is really watching WHO? Aash Aaron It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Code of HonourSummaries Caught between his duty to up hold the Law and his obligation to an ancient Samurai code, a Japanese cop reluctantly travels to Australia to infiltrate an underground drug syndicate and deal with his brother's murderers in a way that will restore the honor of his family name. Dustin Gray It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Last DawnSummaries An unlikely group of courageous soldiers and nurses are forced to embark on a dangerous odyssey as they attempt to journey on foot and by sea through the jungles and rivers of Asia with the entire Japanese Army on their tails. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Vigilante (II) (2008)Summaries When Luke is viciously attacked and his fiance is raped and murdered, he pledges to train himself in deadly hand-to-hand combat and use it against any wrongdoers who dare cross his path. When Luke, a highly successful businessman, is viciously attacked and his fiance is raped and murdered, he pledges to use every last dollar he has to train himself in deadly hand to hand combat and use it against any wrong doers who dare to cross his path. But little does he know that his own attackers are highly connected to an underworld crime family who have close ties to corrupt police and they are all actually looking for him, too. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 