nm0000214:

 Black Day Blue Night (1995)Summaries The disgruntled wife of a cheating husband takes off on a road trip with her husband's mistress. The two women pick up a hitchhiker who may or may not be a robber and murderer on the run from the authorities. In the meantime, a cop who is tracking the robber/murderer is hot on the trail--but why? David Haskins <lazarus@mindspring.com> After wife walks in on husband and his mistress takes off on the road. In shock from catching her husband, she takes the mistress with her where they pick up a robbery and murder suspect along the way while police is on the trail closing in fast. Darius Brown It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986)761) A high school wise guy is determined to have a day off from school, despite what the Principal thinks of that. High school student Ferris Bueller wants a day off from school and he's developed an incredibly sophisticated plan to pull it off. He talks his friend Cameron into taking his father's prized Ferrari and with his girlfriend Sloane head into Chicago for the day. While they are taking in what the city has to offer school principal Ed Rooney is convinced that Ferris is, not for the first time, playing hooky for the day and is hell bent to catch him out. Ferris has anticipated that, much to Rooney's chagrin. garykmcd One fake sick day sends high school senior Ferris Bueller, his girlfriend Sloane and his best friend Cameron on the adventure of their young lives, as they ditch school and take off on a raucous journey through Chicago as they stay one step ahead of their principal and Ferris's sister. A high school slacker pretends to be sick to skip school and have an exciting day off alongside his girlfriend and his best buddy through Chicago, while trying to outwit his obsessive school principal and his unconformited sister along the way. MadMovieManiac Ferris is a street-wise kid who knows all the tricks. Today he decides to take the day off school. When Ferris takes the day off, so must his best friends, Cameron and Sloane. Cameron is reluctantly persuaded to borrow his father's Ferrari, and together they hatch a plan to get Sloane out of class. Suspicious dean of students Ed Rooney knows all about Ferris, but can never catch him. Ferris' sister Jeanie is also frustrated that Ferris always gets away with his tricks and she doesn't. Furthermore, Ferris is an 'angel' in his parents eyes. It's Ferris' day off, he's out to enjoy himself, and he does!. Rob Hartill Ferris Bueller has played hooky numbers of times, and this time he's got the entire school and more believing he is on the verge of death. On this special day off, Ferris invites his friend Cameron Fry and girlfriend Sloane Peterson to his day of fun, while taking Cameron's father's precious Ferrari for transportation. All the while, the principal Ed Rooney is determined to prove Ferris is faking his illness and Ferris's agitated sister Jeanie also has a goal to catch Ferris off guard. Ferris enjoys his day with his friends, until the mileage of the Ferrari reads one too many miles driven and Cameron has a blow out. commanderblue Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. High school senior Ferris Bueller (Matthew Broderick) decides to skip school on a spring day by faking an illness to his parents (Lyman Ward and Cindy Pickett), then encourages his girlfriend, Sloane (Mia Sara), and his pessimistic best friend Cameron (Alan Ruck) to spend the day in Chicago as one of their last flings before they graduate and head off to different colleges. He sets up an elaborate ruse in his bedroom with a mannequin, a trophy and his stereo in case anyone decides to check on him. Ferris persuades Cameron to let them use his father's restored 1961 Ferrari 250 GT California to pick up Sloane (as part of their cover) to travel into the city. He also has Cameron impersonate Sloane's stuffy-toned father to have Sloane excused for the day due to a faked death in the family. The rest of the school and many residents learn of Ferris' exaggerated illness and offer donations to help "Save Ferris". However, only two people are not convinced by Ferris' deception: his sister, Jeanie (Jennifer Grey), outraged at Ferris' ability to defy authority easily, and the school principal, Edward Rooney (Jeffrey Jones), believing Ferris to be truant. Ferris and his friends arrive downtown and leave the Ferrari with two garage attendants (Richard Edson and Larry Jenkins), who drive off in it a short while later to take a joyride. Ferris, Sloane, and Cameron enjoy the sights, including taking in a game at Wrigley Field, visiting the Sears Tower, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and taking part in the Von Steuben Day Parade, with Ferris lip-syncing to "Danke Schoen" and the Beatles' version of "Twist and Shout." Ferris also uses his ploys to pretend he is Abe Froeman, the Sausage King of Chicago, to dine at an upscale restaurant on Rush Street (while narrowly avoiding his own father who is dining out with some business associates). Meanwhile, Mr. Rooney has gone off-campus to try to find Ferris, first at a local hangout, then to Ferris's home, where Mr. Rooney attempts to gain entry, but ends up getting stuck in the mud and losing his shoe and wallet while being chased by the dog. Jeanie comes home to look for Ferris, instead discover Mr. Rooney, whom she mistakes for a burglar, kicking him several times in the face and retreating. She calls the police, forcing Mr. Rooney to flee the scene. When the police show up, they haul Jeanie in for prank calling, and at the police station, she talks to a drug dealer (Charlie Sheen), who tells her that she needs to stop obsessing about her brother and focus about herself. Jeanie's mother shows up to collect her, upset at having to do so, and finds Jeanie making out with the boy. At the end of the day, Ferris and his friends retrieve the Ferrari, but discover on the way home that hundreds of miles have been added to the odometer, sending Cameron into a panic fearing his abusive father's reaction. After calming Cameron down, Ferris comes up with a plan to run the car in reverse, in place, with its rear wheels jacked up, at Cameron's father's hillside garage, hoping to reverse the odometer. When they realize this is not working, Cameron unleashes his pent-up anger against his father, yelling about how his father loves the car more than his own son and damaging the front of the car, but comes to realize he is long due to stand up to his father, and vows to accept the consequences. Cameron calms down and rests himself against the car, but his previous actions have unbalanced it from the jack it was on, the car hits the ground, races in reverse, and crashes through a glass wall, landing in a ravine. Despite Ferris's offer to take the blame, Cameron still plans to admit his actions to his father and take the consequences. Ferris walks Sloane home, then quickly races through the backyards of his neighborhood. While running across a street, he's nearly hit by a car: it is his sister and mother driving home. His mother doesn't spot him but Jeanie does and she floors the gas pedal, trying to beat him home. Ferris continues his race home. When he gets there, he finds Mr. Rooney waiting for him. However, Jeanie, apparently having come to appreciate her brother's craftiness, has beaten him home despite her mother's demands and getting a ticket for speeding. She pretends to scold Ferris for trying to walk home from the hospital while he is so ill, and thanks Mr. Rooney for driving him home, making sure to show Mr. Rooney the wallet he left behind when he broke in earlier. Rooney is once again chased by the dog. Ferris races to his room and makes it into bed just as his parents check on him. After they leave, he breaks the fourth wall and imparts some wisdom to his audience: "Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it." As the credits roll, Mr. Rooney in his disheveled state is forced to catch a ride back to school on a school bus as it drives students home. In the tag at the very end of the credits, Ferris emerges from the bathroom, pleading to the audience directly, "You're still here? It's over! Go home! Go!" before he turns around and reenters the bathroom. 
 Legend (1985)431) A young man must stop the Lord of Darkness from destroying daylight and marrying the woman he loves. A demon who seeks to create eternal night by destroying the last of the unicorns and marrying a fairy Princess is opposed by the forest boy Jack (Tom Cruise) and his elven allies in this magical fantasy. Two different versions of this movie feature soundtracks by either Tangerine Dream or Jerry Goldsmith. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> A magical adventure which features elves, demons, and other mythical creatures. The Lord of Darkness (Tim Curry), the personification of evil, plans to disperse eternal night in the land where this story takes place, by killing every unicorn in the world. Although he looks unbeatable, Jack (Tom Cruise) and his friends are disposed to do everything to save the world and Princess Lili (Mia Sara) (who Darkness intends to make his wife) from the hands of this evil monster. Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Lord of Darkness ( Tim Curry ) alone in his chamber, calls his minion the goblin Blixx ( Alice Playten ). He confides to Blixx that he wishes to kill the last two unicorns so that darkness will fall upon the world, allowing him to emerge from his cave where he is shielded from the sunlight that is his enemy. He cannot approach the unicorns, he tells Blixx, because only the pure can find them. Only someone innocent and pure, such as the Princess Lily ( Mia Sara ), can attract the unicorns. He sends Blixx and his two companions, Pox ( Peter O'Farrell ) and Blunder ( Kiran Shah )to set a trap with orders to bring the unicorn's horn back to him. The scene shifts to Princess Lilly all innocence and mischief, heading to the enchanted forest. Along the way the playful young teen visits her friend Nell ( Tina Martin ) a kindly peasant who lives at the edge the woods. She warns Lilly that visiting the woods is not a princess-like activity, but Lily goes anyway, leaving as quickly as she arrived amid Nell's warnings of things to forest things avoid. Lily's real plan is to visit her beloved Jack( Tom Cruise ), a forest child and trusted friend to all the creatures that live there. Unknown to the two lovers, Blixx and his companions have found them and although the goblins are repelled by the teens' beauty and goodness, they follow Jack and Lily knowning that the youngsters will sooner or later attract the targeted unicorns. Unaware of the danger, Jack and Lily play in the forest glades together like children. Then Jack tells her that he has a special surprise, taking her to see the last two unicorns - a mare and a stallion. These are sacred animals, guradians of purity, innocence and all that is good. Mortals like Jack and Lily are not permitted to see--let along touch them, but Lily, delighted by their beauty and against Jack's warning--approaches them and gently pats one on the nose. Although the unicorns appear to be as pleased by Lily as she is by them, she has unwittingly made them vulnerable. Blix, hiding from sight, seizes the opportunity presented by Lilly's charm of the unicorns, to fire a poisoned dart into the flank trusting stallion. Stung and in pain, the stallion gallops away followed by the mare. Blix's party gives chase while unknowing, Lilly, delighted by the experience, but puzzled by the unicorns sudden departure, returns to Jack. But Jack is very angry at her for desecrating the unicorn with her human touch. Lily, though not at all contrite, apologises teasing Jack by telling him that she will marry the man that finds her ring. She tosses the ring and it falls into a pond. Jack leaps to his feet and dives into the water to retrieve it. Meanwhile Blix and his party overtake the dying stallion and cut off the magical horn. Without the power of the stallion the world plunges into sudden, severe winter. The onset of a blizzard and the howling winds drive Lily to seek shelter. Meanwhile, below the surface of the pond Jack seeks unsuccessfully for Lily's ring. Out of breath, he swims to the surface but his way blocked by thick ice. Using the last of his strength to smash though, he crawls, gasping, to the shore, perplexed by the sudden snow and cold. Lilly, meanwhile, seeks refuge at Nell's house, but finds everyone and everything inside frozen solid. Hearing approaching riders, she hides in the loft when Blix and his triumphant party arrive seeking food and loot. Listening from her hiding place she overhears them bragging about what they have done and realizes it was her sin that provided them the opportunity. As they leave to deliver to horn to Lord Darkness she vows to follow them and make everything right again. At the same time Jack encounters a group of fairy folk led by the pan-like Honeythorn Gump ( David Bennent ). and his companions, two dwarves, Screwball ( Billy Barty ) and Brown Tom ( Cork Hubbert ) and Oona ( Annabelle Lanyon ) - a Tinkerbell-like pixie who only appears as a firefly sized point of light. The fey are also confused by the sudden change of climate. Upon careful questioning by Gump, Jack admits that he took Lilly to see the unicorns. Gump is outraged but forgives Jack when he realizes that Jack's motives had only been driven by love. Jack and rest of the group discover the mutilated body of the stallion and the still living mare. Gump tells Jack that a hero is needed right things. Jack protests that he is not a hero, but Gump leads him to a cave leaving Brown Tom to guard the mare. While the others wait outside Oona guides Jack into the cave to find armor and weapons that he will need. There, Oona reveals to Jack that she is able to assume the form of a beautiful wood fairy and tells him to keep her secret. Around the camp-fire that night Blix torments his companions with the magic of the horn when the cloaked form of Lord Darkness appears. Blix, trying to avoid Darkness's wrath, drops the horn and it is picked up by Blunder who tell Darkness he will use the horn's power to take over Darkness's throne. Unfortunately, he has greatly overestimated what the horn can do. Darkness seizes the horn and forces Blunder back to the underground lair. Still angry, Darkness orders Blix to capture the Princess and the mare. Lilly, who has been following the goblins, witnesses this exchange and races back to find the mare. She runs into Brown Tom and warns him of Blix's approach. She is too late and although Tom puts up a good fight, he is knocked cold and the Princess and the mare are captured and taken to Darkness's underground palace. When Jack, Gump, Screwball and Oona return they revive Tom and he tells them what has happened. The group sets out for the palace, but must first cross a swamp. There, Jack runs into the troll-like Meg Mucklebones ( Robert Picardo ). She threatens to eat Jack, but he distracts her with her own image in his mirror-like shield until he can use his sword to cut off her head. This is the first real challenge Jack has faced and he is quite overwhelmed when he realizes he has bested a powerful enemy. Still, enemies more powerful still lie ahead. Arriving at the castle the group stumble through a trap door, down a slide, and into cages of the palace's kitchen. There we learn that Darkness and the goblins are not above cannibalism. Various creatures in other cages await their turn to be made into meals by the kitchen staff, a pair of trolls. In the next cage they find Blunder, who beneath his armor is actually a creature closely related to the dwarves. Just as they are becoming acquainted one of the giant trolls appears and seizes Blunder as the main ingredient of a meat pie. Jack asks Oona to retrieve the keys to their cell but Gump points out that she is too small to carry them. Jack then reveals Oona's ability to assume human size. Oona is outraged at Jack's betrayal of her secret, but he tells her that if he keeps her secret they will all die. Gump, angered at Oona, demands to know why she has kept this information from him, but she challenges him that her secrets are her own to keep. She then turns to Jack seductively and even after using her glamour to assume Lily's form, finds that Jack will not sway from his own true love. Although she is angered by his rejection, she knows that he is the only hope against Darkness, so she retrieves the keys and sets her companions free. They escape the kitchen and split up to search for Lilly and the mare. Meanwhile, Darkness is complaining to an unseen father that he is distracted by Lily and doesn't understand why. The father's voice, emanating from the fireplace, states that Lily attracts him because she is so pure. He suggests that Darkness seduce Lily and corrupt her. Lily has been brought to the palace's throne room where Darkness' servants have laid out things things to tempt her: There is food, beautiful jewelry and a faceless dancing form wearing a revealing black dress. At first Lily is frightened but soon the seductive spell begins to affect her, luring her to dance with the black shrouded figure. A sudden flash finds Lily dancing alone, garbed in the sparkling black dress; a fit queen for the Lord of Darkness. Believing his techniques have worked on her, Lord Darkness enters the chamber through a mirror. He is a seven foot tall, hairless, muscular being with crimson skin, yellow slit-pupil eyes, hooved feet and crowned with three foot long ebony bull's horns. Terrified Lily squirms away from him. Darkness, however, keeps his distance and tells Lily he only seeks her conversation. Slowly, Lily's confidence returns as she realizes Darkness' attraction to her. Soon, Darkness, not Lily is the one who's being played. When he tells Lilly the dress and jewels are her wedding presents she stands up to him and tells him it will never happen. Even his frustrated rage no longer frightens her. Outside the room Jack and Gump overhear Darkness tell Lilly his plans to sacrifice the mare at sunset to bring eternal darkness to the world. Overconfident, Darkness reveals the one thing that can hurt him: sunlight. This inspires Jack with an idea. They rejoin Screwball and Brown Tom who have located the mare in the dungeon. Jack leads the group to steal the shiny silver platters from the kitchen to use to reflect sunlight down the chimney, though the palace and into the underground lair. The group returns to the kitchen and there release a grateful Blunder from the pie in which he was the main ingredient. Blunder eagerly switches sides to join the intrepid heroes. Unfortunately moving the heavy giant platters awakens the kitchen trolls and a battle ensues, ultimately won by Jack using his new heroic skills and a lot of luck. Screwball, being the smallest, volunteers to climb up the chimney carrying one of the platters so that it might catch the sunlight to reflect down into the lair. The rest of the group place more platters at strategic points throughout the underground palace. Lily, meanwhile, has convinced Darkness that she will marry him willingly on one condition. She wants to be the one to kill the mare! Ecstatically he agrees. Screwball and the final plate make it to the surface but unfortunately the elderly Screwball is so exhausted by the climb he has fallen asleep at the the chimney opening. Jack and Gump find the site of the intended sacrifice and slip inside while Oona flies frantically to find Screwball to see what is taking so long. Hiding on a ledge above, Gump and Jack observe the beginning of the ceremony. Darkness, holding the stallion's horn proclaims his intent to use it to kill the female. Proudly, he passes the horn to Lilly, who stands beside him, for all intents appearing the perfect wife for the master of evil. Gump, convinced she has joined Darkness, tells Jack to shoot her with an arrow. But Jack, trusting in his love for Lilly, hesitates. Fulfilling his trust, Lilly severs the mare's chain, shouting at the unicorn to flee. Enraged, Darkness strikes Lilly into unconsiousness. Jack leaps to her defense but he is no match for Darkness's strength, magical power and psychologically aimed taunts. Meanwhile, Oona finds and awakens Screwball. Together they angle the final platter to reflect sunlight down the chimney shaft. The light darts through the palace corridors and blows the doors off the dungeon and striking Darkness and opening an abyss behind him which threatens to suck him in. The evil lord, caught and weakened by the sunlight, clings to one of the pillars until Jack to cuts off his hand. Unable to hold on any longer Darkness drops unicorn horn and is swept into the starlit abyss. His last words to Jack are that he cannot be destroyed because there can never be light unless there is also Darkness. Gump brings the stallion's horn back whith then and replaces it on the stallion's head. The stallion awakes fully restored and is joined by the mare. With that, the world is released from its relentless winter. All is back to normal except that Lily does not waken. Gump tells Jack that she is under a deep spell. Jack once more leaps into the pond and this time emerges holding Lily's ring. He slips it onto her finger and kisses her. His love awakens her, but she is changed by her experience. While still good and pure as before, she now respects the powers of the wood. They leave the wood together while their fairy friends wave farewell. The final shot is of Darkness, still alive in an unknown place, laughing as he plans his revenge. 
 Timecop (1994)761) Max Walker, an officer for a security agency that regulates time travel, must fend for his life against a shady politician who's intent on changing the past to control the future. When the ability to travel through time is perfected, a new type of law enforcement agency is formed. It's called Time Enforcement Commission or TEC. A cop, Max Walker, is assigned to the group. On the day he was chosen, some men attack him and kill his wife. Ten years later Max is still grieving but has become a good agent for the TEC. He tracks down a former co-worker who went into the past to make money. Max brings him back for sentencing but not after telling Max that Senator McComb, the man in charge of TEC, sent him. Max has his eye on McComb. rcs0411@yahoo.com When time travel was developed by a scientist in 1994, there was the need to create the Time Enforcement Commision (TEC) under the control of Senator Aaron McComb to protect the past from modifications. The police office Max Walker is invited to join the TEC, and when his wife Melissa is murdered by strangers, he accepts the invitation to work under the command of Eugene Matuzak. In 2004, Walker is assigned to capture his former partner Lyle Atwood that is manipulating the stock market in 1929. Atwood tells that he is working for Senator McComb, who is a powerful politician that is running for president. Atwood prefers to die and does not confess that McComb is a criminal. Now Max knows the truth but McComb is changing the past and Max does not know how stop him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil To monitor the illegal use of time travel, the government founds the Time Enforcement Commission, a high-tech police department under Senator Aaron McComb's supervision. However, ten years later, in 2004, the devoted TEC agent, Max Walker, who is still reeling from the untimely and rather mysterious loss of his wife, is summoned to unearth a conspiracy which dates back in time. Will the haunted Timecop use this advanced technology to thwart the evil plans of the megalomaniac who is behind a string of hideous time-crimes? In the end, will Max tamper with the past to right the wrongs, no matter the cost? Nick Riganas The perfection of time travel brings with it new opportunities for criminals. The government sets up a special police force (T.E.C.) to ensure the new technology isn't abused. Max Walker, one of these timecops learns of a corrupt politician's plot to become president using the device. Senator McComb discovers Walker on his trail and the real action begins--in Walker's own past! Tim Kretschmann <Tim.K@VirComm.com> In Washington DC in 1994, the Senate Oversight Committee (SOC) is being spoken to in the capitol building by George Spota, who explains that for the past 20 years, Doctor Hans Kleindast, the Nobel laureate who help the government with the space program back in the 1960s and 1970s, has been doing research, and his field of research has been time travel. The SOC believes that Hans is a quack -- until George tells the SOC that Hans actually succeeded in his research and took a trip to the past then back to the present. You can't travel into the future because the future hasn't happened yet. George makes it clear that a covert agency is needed to police time travel, so the Time Enforcement Commission (TEC) is formed. Named as the director of the TEC is Commander Eugene Matuzak, formerly of the Washington DC police department. Senator Aaron McComb, who sees possibilities, agrees to chair the oversight on the new program. Sometime later, at a shopping center, TEC agent Max Walker and his wife Melissa are being watched by a pair of shady looking men. Later, at home. Max and Melissa spend some passionate time together. That night, Melissa is about to tell Max something extremely important when the phone rings. Max answers the phone and is told to go to TEC headquarters. Max gets dressed and as soon as Max opens the front door to go outside, he is attacked by the two men from the shopping center. As the two men are beating Max up. Max sees Aaron looking out the window of the bedroom that Melissa is still in, and Aaron is holding Melissa hostage, forcing Melissa to watch Max's beating. The two men outside then shoot Max, who is wearing a bulletproof vest -- and then an explosion engulfs the house, killing Melissa. On October 30, 1929, on Wall Street in New York City, a man named Lyle Atwood enters an office building and rides an elevator up to an office. There is a sudden ripple in the office, and Max enters from the future. It turns out that Lyle is Max's partner, and Lyle is planning to stop the depression from happening. Max wants to know who Lyle is working for, and Lyie calls two security men into the office to deal with Max. Max beats up the two security men, and Lyle pulls out a gun and opens fire on Max. When Lyle runs out of bullets, Max forces Lyle to admit that he's working for Aaron, and that Aaron has paid off a lot of other TEC agents as well. Lyle then jumps out the window. Max jumps out after Lyle, grabs him, and takes Lyle with him back to present time, which is now the year 2004, ten years after Melissa's murder. TEC judge Marshall sentences Lyle to be immediately executed, so Lyle is sent back to 1929 and is dropped to his death from the point in midair where Max and Lyle disappeared to 2004. At TEC Headquarters in 2004, Aaron, Max, and Matuzak are showing Senator Malcolm Nelson around the TEC building. Aaron reminds everyone that people who go back in time risk coming into contact with a past version of themselves. The same matter cannot occupy the same space at the same time, because if that happens, and if it's a person accidentally making physical contact with their past version, that person will die, and their body will disappear from the face of the Earth. Later, Max tells Matuzak that Aaron wants to shut down the TEC so no one can stop him from altering the past to his advantage, because Aaron is now running for President of the United States. Aaron's fading campaign for president is dealt a blow when he is denied federal campaign matching funds. Just before Max wakes up, two men break into his home to kill him, but Max turns the tables and kills the two men who broke in. TEC internal affairs investigator Sarah Fielding questions Max. Max soon learns that Sarah may be on the wrong side in this. Max must travel back and forth in time to bring Aaron down...and when Max goes back to 1994 and finds out what Melissa wanted to tell him 10 years ago, it gives Max incentive to at least try to prevent Melissa's murder. Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1863, Confederate soldiers are carrying a gold bullion as a payday for the army. Suddenly, they are cornered and shot by a highwayman using anachronistic automatic pistols and futuristic tech equipment, leaving them stranded and dead. The mysterious highwayman steals the trunk containing the gold and then suddenly vaporizes into a gelatin like mist. In 1994, 131 years later in Washington DC, the U.S. government creates the Time Enforcement Commission (TEC) to combat the misuse of newly developed time travel technology. They have discovered that the same gold bullion was used in recent arms purchases. The TEC is to detect "time ripples" among the time-lines and to stop them from happening before they reach the present, since people cannot travel forward in time to the future, they always travel back to either change history or steal riches. (Note: the mysterious highwayman who killed the Confederate soldiers in 1863 to steal their gold is never seen again or identified). Senator Aaron McComb (Ron Silver) volunteers to fund and oversee the commission. Meanwhile, police officer Max Walker (Jean Claude Van Damme) is offered a job as a TEC agent. He meets his wife Melissa (Mia Sara) at a local shopping mall where he stops a purse snatcher. He notices three odd-looking punk men following them despite never seeing them before. Walker and Melissa go home to their large fancy house and later make love. Later that same evening, Max is attacked in his home by the same intruders he saw earlier at the mall and Melissa is killed in an explosion, destroying his house. Ten years later in the year 2004, Walker is now a veteran TEC Agent. He is sent back to October 1929, in the midst of the Wall Street crash to arrest his former partner Atwood (Jason Schombing) for taking advantage of the U.S. stock-market crash. After subduing Atwood's bodyguards, Walker interrogates Atwood who reveals that he is working for Senator McComb, who needs money for his presidential campaign. Terrified by McComb's threat by sending hit-men back in time to murder his ancestors, thereby wiping out his existence, Atwood tries to kill himself by jumping out a window. Walker catches him as he falls and takes him back to 2004, but Atwood refuses to testify against McComb and the TEC agency sends him back to 1929, right where he left off, this time falling to his death. Senator McComb arrives at the TEC agency to oversee the work and to congratulate Walker for his recent successful mission. Walker implies to McComb that he knows all about his dirty dealings behind the scenes in Washington and about his means to acquire money for his campaign. McComb leaves the facility and orders his aide to have Walker killed. The next morning, two assassins break into Walker's small apartment and attempt to kill him, but Walker, a trained martial arts expert, kills both assassins after a violent and protracted fight. While still trying to investigate McComb to expose him of corruption, Walker is partnered with agent Sarah Fielding (Gloria Reuben), and sent back to 1994 to investigate a pending ripple, where they find a young Senator McComb arguing with his business partner Jack Parker about their company's new computer chip. Parker offers to buy McComb's share of the company, but suddenly, the older McComb arrives from 2004 to warn his younger self that the chip will make huge profits. A fight starts when Walker is double-crossed by Fielding, who reveals she works for McComb. McComb kills Parker, wounds Fielding, attempts to kill Walker, and manages to escape back to 2004. When Walker returns to 2004, he finds that things have become worse. McComb now owns the computer company, with no record of Parker. He is almost guaranteed the Presidency with his finances and approval rating. The TEC is being shut down due to budget cuts. There is also no record of Fielding. Realizing that he has to fix things, Walker hijacks the original prototype time machine (which McComb had been using for their illegal trips) with the help of Commander Matuzak (Bruce McGill), who sacrifices himself when McComb's men try to stop Walker from escaping. Finding himself once more in 1994, Walker finds Fielding in the hospital, where she agrees to testify against McComb. Whilst trying to find Fielding's DNA from a blood sample in the lab, Walker finds a sample of Melissa's blood and it indicates she is pregnant. Walker realizes her death occurred later that night, and he decides to stop it. After going back to Fielding's room, he discovers that she has been murdered and he is framed as the prime suspect. He goes to the mall where he and Melissa met that night. Eventually, Max Walker finds her and manages to convince her he is from the future. He also sees the three thugs who attacked him and realizes that they are McComb's men whom were sent back to kill him before he joined the TEC. That evening, McComb's thugs break into Walker's home, like before, only this time the older Walker is waiting for them. Without his younger self realizing it, the older Walker helps to fight off the bad guys. Together, they and Melissa win, though the younger Walker is wounded. The 2004 McComb then takes Melissa hostage. When the older Walker finds McComb is holding Melissa, the corrupt senator then sets a time bomb. He then shoots Melissa, just before the young McComb appears, having been tricked into coming to the house by a fake message from Walker. Walker grabs the young McComb and pushes him into the older one, causing them to become a writhing, screaming mass which melts into nothingness (since according to the time theory, no two persons can exist by physically touching each other). Walker carries the wounded Melissa out of the house just before the bomb explodes, destroying the house just like before. He lays the unconscious Melissa beside his younger self and leaves the scene before the local police and fire department arrives. Walker returns to 2004, and the time-line has been corrected. The TEC still exists, Fielding and Matuzak are alive, and McComb does not exist, having "vanished" ten years earlier. As Walker returns home, he is happily shocked to find himself living in the same house which was rebuilt. Melissa is alive and their nine-year-old son is waiting to greet him. As Walker walks into the house for dinner Melissa has something to announce to Walker... implying that she is pregnant again. 