nm0006878:

 Legally Blonde (2001)Summaries Elle Woods, a fashionable sorority queen, is dumped by her boyfriend. She decides to follow him to law school. While she is there, she figures out that there is more to her than just looks. Elle Woods ( Reese Witherspoon ) has it all. She's the President of her sorority, a Hawaiian Tropic girl, Miss June in her campus calendar, and, above all, a natural blonde. She dates the cutest fraternity boy on campus and wants nothing more than to be Mrs. Warner Huntington III. But, there's just one thing stopping Warner ( Matthew Davis ) from popping the question: Elle is too blonde. Growing up across the street from Aaron Spelling might mean something in Los Angeles, California, but nothing to Warner's East-Coast blue blood family. So, when Warner packs up for Harvard Law and reunites with an old sweetheart from prep school, Elle rallies all her resources and gets into Harvard, determined to win him back. But law school is a far cry from the comforts of her poolside and the mall. Elle must wage the battle of her life, for her guy, for herself and for all the blondes who suffer endless indignities everyday. vanessawhistler1971@hotmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 NYPD Blue (19932005)Summaries Detectives from NYPD's 15th Precinct investigate homicides within their precinct. Each week, viewers saw the gritty reality of life in a New York City Police unit, as the officers go about their work with a grim determination, and a willingness to break the same laws that they're supposed to be enforcing. Two partners, Detectives Andy Sipowicz (Dennis Franz) and John Kelly (David Caruso) (later replaced by Bobby Simone (Jimmy Smits)), were the central characters in this weekly Police drama, and personified very different approaches to their difficult job. Sipowicz's brash gruffness (covering an emotional vulnerability) was tempered by the precise and controlled demeanor of the two partners with whom he has worked. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Instinct (20182019)Summaries A former CIA operative (Cumming), who has since built a "normal" life as a gifted professor and writer, is pulled back into his old life when the NYPD needs his help to stop a serial killer on the loose. Former CIA operative is lured back to his old life when the NYPD needs his help to stop a serial killer. Dr. Dylan Reinhart (Alan Cumming) is a gifted author and university professor living a quiet life teaching psychopathic behavior to packed classes of adoring students. But when top NYPD detective Lizzie Needham (Bojana Novakovic) appeals to him to help her catch a serial murderer who is using Dylan's first book as a tutorial, Dylan is compelled by the case, comes out of retirement and taps into his old skill set. Though Dylan and Lizzie initially clash, when it comes to catching killers, they realize they will make an ideal team if they both trust their instincts. Based on the James Patterson book. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Royal Pains (20092016)Summaries An unfairly discredited but brilliant diagnostic surgeon winds up working with his cheesy brother in the Hamptons as a concierge doctor to the uber-rich and ultra-elite. ROYAL PAINS centers on a young E.R. doctor who, after being wrongly blamed for a patient's death, moves to the Hamptons and becomes the reluctant "doctor for hire" to the rich and famous. When the attractive administrator of the local hospital asks him to treat the town's less fortunate, he finds himself walking the line between doing well for himself and doing good for others. Lynn Weiss Hank Lawson is a doctor who can diagnose a person on the spot and treat them with whatever is around. When he chooses not to personally care for one of the trustees of the hospital where he works (who dies), he is unfairly blamed, fired and blackballed. After months of self loathing, his brother Evan (who is not exactly serious and responsible) takes him to the Hamptons for a break. While there, Hank prevents its local doctor from making a mistake during a medical emergency. Wealthy resident Boris asks if Hank would consider being the town's g.p. or concierge doctor, and soon everyone in town begins calling Hank to treat them. He is also approached by a woman named Divya who wants to be his physician's assistant, but only after meeting Jill Casey, the administrator of the local hospital, does Hank decide to stay, moving with Evan into Boris' guest cottage. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 