nm0009349:

 Bolvar: Una lucha admirable (2019)Summaries Depicts the life and loves of Venezuelan Gen. Simn Bolvar, who helped liberate several Latin American countries from Spain. The story of the hero before he became a legend. His name became a symbol of leadership, justice and passion that led him to form an army of soldiers and common people that believed in the ideal of a free land. A fervent man, in the battlefield and in his personal life: the series portrays the details of his stormy love life; his mother's death when he was a child; the death of his first wife a few months after they married; his multiple lovers, when he stopped believing in love; and finally, his passionate love affair with Manuelita Saenz, who played a major role in his revolutionary contend. Bolivar gave his life for his people, crossing borders and leaving an indelible legacy in the hearts of all those who believe in union, fraternity and freedom. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Para verte mejor (2017 )Summaries Several families move into a high-end apartment building where they meet Onofre Villahermosa, the handsome, charming neighbor living in the penthouse. Little do they know that he is a criminal and a psychopath who has installed hidden cameras all over the building and in their homes, and uses the information he sees and hears to manipulate them without them knowing. This is also the story of couples who discover love at different ages. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El pas de las mujeres (19981999)Summaries Arcadia Gmez commits suicide after her husband Arsenio leaves her. All of her nieces, without exception, suffer from broken hearts. Mariana, Miranda, Pamela, Julia and Chiqui are young, modern, independent women, who experienced impossible love. Lara Cain It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Emerald Heart (2014 )Summaries Juan Andrs is a lawyer seeking to fulfill his god-father's last wish to find the missing daughter he had with the only woman he ever loved. Little does he know the missing daughter is Beatriz Elena, an ecologist he falls in love with. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 