nm0001865:

 Robin Hood: Men in Tights (1993)541) A spoof of Robin Hood in general, and Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves (1991) in particular. Robin of Locksley, known as the most skilled archer of the land, has just returned to England after fighting in the Holy Crusades, where King Richard the Lionheart is also fighting. Robin finds that much of what he knew of England has gone to ruin, including his longtime family home having been taken away, all at the hands of the evil Prince John, Richard's brother who has assumed the throne in Richard's absence. Neurotic John is basically being controlled by the equally evil Sheriff of Rottingham, everything they do to fatten their own coffers at the expense of the commoners and peasants. As such, Robin recruits a band of merry men to help him battle Prince John and the Sheriff, they, who include: Blinkin, his blind longtime servant; Ahchoo, the misguided son of Asneeze, the man who helped him escape from prison while fighting in the Crusades; Little John, who seems to think that being called Little is only coincidental to the fact of he being a hulking man; and Little John's friend, Will Scarlet O'Hara, a master with daggers. In going to the palace, Robin falls in love at first sight with Marian of Bagelle, a maid of the court. Marian is looking for the man who has the figurative and literal key to unlock her heart (and private parts). The Sheriff has his own eyes on Marian, he who in turn is the object of desire of Latrine, a powerful hag of a sorceress of the court. Robin, and the Sheriff in particular, have a fight to the death mentality to achieve their end goals, which for both are protection of the throne for their trusted royal, and the heart and cherry of Maid Marian. Huggo After escaping death by the skin of his teeth while venturing with Kind Richard to the Crusades, noble Robin of Loxley returns to England. With the kingdom in disarray, at the mercy of Prince John and his wicked right-hand man, Sheriff of Rottingham, Robin, Little John, and the Merry Men in tights must take matters into their own hands, and rid the realm of the hideous usurper. As the forces of evil, led by Don Giovanni, plot to assassinate Robin during the crowd-pleasing archery tournament of the Spring Festival, graceful Maid Marian, too, is on a challenging quest for freedom. Can Robin teach Prince John a lesson, free the land, and in the process, find love? Nick Riganas The standard story of Robin Hood: Evil Prince John is oppressing the people while good King Richard is away on the Crusades. Robin steals from the tax collectors, wins an archery contest, defeats the Sheriff, and rescues Maid Marian. In this version, however, Mel Brooks adds his own personal touch, parodying traditional adventure movies, romance movies, and the whole idea of men running around the woods in tights. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Robin Hood, or Robin of Loxley (Cary Elwes), is captured during the Crusades and is imprisoned at Khalil Prison in Jerusalem. With the help of fellow inmate Asneeze (Isaac Hayes), who was arrested for jaywalking, he escapes and frees the other inmates. Robin is asked by Asneeze to find his son, Ahchoo (Dave Chappelle). Upon returning to England, he finds Ahchoo and discovers that Prince John (Richard Lewis) has assumed control while King Richard is away fighting in the Crusades. Unbeknownst to Richard, the prince is abusing his power. Robin returns to his family home, Loxley Hall, only to find it being repossessed by John's men. His family's blind servant, Blinkin (Mark Blankfield), informs Robin that his family members and pets have all died as well, and the only thing his father left him is a key which opens "the greatest treasure in all the land." Robin recruits the large and ignorant Little John (Eric Allan Kramer), and his friend Will Scarlet O'Hara (Matthew Porretta), to help regain his father's land and oust Prince John from the throne. On his quest, Robin also attracts the attention of Maid Marian (Amy Yasbeck) of Bagelle, who wants to find the man who has the key to her heart (and Everlast chastity belt). They are also joined by Rabbi Tuckman (Mel Brooks), who shares with them his sacramental wine and bargain circumcisions. While Robin is training his band of tights-clad Merry Men, the spoonerism-spouting Sheriff of Rottingham (Roger Rees), hires the Mafioso Don Giovanni (Dom DeLuise, parodying Marlon Brando's performance of Vito Corleone in The Godfather) to assassinate Robin at the Spring Festival (with archery tournament), spoofing a similarly outlandish plot twist from the Costner movie involving Scottish mercenaries. The archer who will carry out the assassination is a parody of Clint Eastwood's Man with No Name character. Maid Marian hears of the evil plot, and sneaks out of her castle to warn Robin, accompanied by her frumpy German Lady-in-Waiting Broomhilde (Megan Cavanagh). The Sheriff and Don expect that Robin will not refuse a chance to participate in the archery tournament due to his pride, and Robin does just that. At the archery tournament, a disguised Robin makes it to the final round, where he makes his shot but loses to his opponent. Robin calls this situation absurd, takes off his disguise and pulls out a copy of the movie's script to discover that he gets another shot. The Sheriff and Prince John then pull out their own copies and confirm this (much to their annoyance). Giovanni's assassin attempts to kill Robin by shooting at him with a scoped crossbow, but Blinkin catches the arrow in midair. Robin then takes the second shot, this time using a special "PATRIOT arrow" and hits the target. After winning the tournament, Robin is arrested. Before Robin is taken away, Marian promises to do the most disgusting thing she can think of in exchange for Robin's safety: marry the Sheriff. Several hours later, the ceremony commences with the opening prayer in "The New Latin" (Pig Latin). The Abbot (Dick Van Patten) quickly and discreetly reveals the Sheriff's unimposing first name, Mervyn. Before Marian can say "I do", the castle is attacked by the Men in Tights, led by Little John, Ahchoo, Blinkin, and Will. They quickly free Robin and a battle ensues. Marian is carried off to the tower by the Sheriff, who wants to deflower her but cannot get around the chastity belt without some uncomfortable chafing. Robin arrives and begins to duel the sheriff, during which Robin's key falls into the lock of Marian's chastity belt, and Robin realizes it really is the key to "the greatest treasure in all the land." After winning the fight Robin spares the sheriff's life only to miss his sheath and accidentally run the sheriff through. The witch Latrine (Tracey Ullman), Prince John's full-time cook and part-time adviser, saves him by giving him a magical lifesaver in exchange for agreeing to marry her. Before Robin and Marian can "celebrate" in her bedroom, Broomhilde arrives, insisting they get married first. Rabbi Tuckman conducts the ceremony, but they are suddenly interrupted by King Richard (Patrick Stewart), recently returned from the Crusades, who insists on sanctioning the marriage with a kiss to the new bride. He orders John to be taken away to the Tower of London and made part of the tour. He also announces that, as the Prince has surrounded his given name with a foul stench, all the toilets in the kingdom are to be renamed "johns". All being as it should be, Robin and Marian are married and Ahchoo is made the new sheriff of Rottingham. When the crowd expresses its disbelief at a black sheriff, Ahchoo reminds them that "it worked in Blazing Saddles". When the night comes, Robin and Maid Marian attempt to open the chastity belt only to realize her lock will not open with his key (to her fury and dismay). The film ends with Robin calling for a locksmith. 
 Pretty Woman (1990)761) A man in a legal but hurtful business needs an escort for some social events, and hires a beautiful prostitute he meets... only to fall in love. Because of his extreme wealth and suave good looks, Edward Lewis could seemingly have any woman he wants, that committed significant other which he needs on his arm at social events to further how he makes his money as a corporate raider. However, he focuses more on his corporate raiding pursuits with his partner in crime, Philip Stuckey, his lawyer of ten years, than those women, with every significant other he's had in his life feeling neglected and eventually leaving him, this fact about which he is just coming to the realization. In Beverly Hills, Edward, in needing that woman on his arms as he and Philip work toward taking over the company owned by the increasingly insolvent James Morse, decides, based on a chance encounter, to hire Hollywood Boulevard hooker Vivian Ward as his escort for the week 24/7. He does so because he wants to have a professional who would be committed to the work, yet not have any commitments to her after the week is over. Beyond their chance encounter, he also makes this decision because she surprises him about how unhookerish she is in certain respects. Vivian, relatively new to Los Angeles and the business, still has to look and act the part, with Edward, beyond giving her money, leaving her largely to her own devices to do so. So she gets a somewhat unlikely Henry Higgins in Barney Thompson, the manager of the Beverly Wilshire Hotel where Edward is staying. Barney has to draw that fine line of keeping the hotel's upscale clients happy, while maintaining the posh decorum of the upper class, which does not include people coming into the hotel looking for rooms with hourly rates. As Barney and his associates are able to transform Vivian into a Cinderella, the questions become whether Vivian can go back to her Hollywood Boulevard life and whether she does have her Prince Charming beyond this week in the form of Edward or anyone else who truly does see her as Cinderella as opposed to a Hollywood Boulevard streetwalker. Huggo A young prostitute named Vivian Ward dreams of a man like a knight who will rescue her. In an unexpected event, he met a handsome billionaire Edward Lewis, who lost his way on the street driving his friend's sports car. She asked him for a date, but he asked her to teach him the direction back to his hotel instead. Vivian drove his car. When they got into the hotel. Edward gave Vivian 20 dollars for her help. And when he is about to enter the hotel, he looked back and saw her sitting on the corner, and suddenly, he finds that it's hard for him to let her go because of her beauty. He asks her to accompany him inside his penthouse suite. That night, they acquainted and made love, and the next morning, Vivian was surprised when Edward asks her to be with him for 7 days and he will give her a salary. Vivian was delighted and accept it. Being with Edward for the whole week, makes Vivian's world change far from her work as prostitutes at Hollywood boulevard. But top of that, she was gradually falling in love with him. But Edward has a different perspective on life. judytrinidad Having recently broken up, Edward Lewis, a successful out-of-town corporate raider and elegant bachelor with an impeccable sense of style, borrows his lawyer's silver 1990 Lotus Esprit SE, only to get lost on bustling Hollywood Boulevard. Looking for directions, Lewis has a chance encounter with beautiful Vivian Ward, a statuesque streetwalker with a heart of gold, and as one thing leads to another, a mutually beneficial voluntary association commences. Now, to escort suave Edward for an entire week, gawky diamond-in-the-rough Vivian has to endure a complete makeover; however, as personal secrets come to light, something is starting to change. But, both Vivian and Edward have already had their share of unhappiness and hurt, and to further complicate matters, they come from different worlds. Is Vivian willing to break her rules, and give love a second chance? Nick Riganas Edward is a rich, ruthless businessman who specializes in taking over companies and then selling them off piece by piece. He travels to Los Angeles for a business trip and decides to hire a prostitute. They take a liking to each other and he offers her money if she'll stay with him for an entire week while he makes the "rich and famous" scene (since it doesn't do for a man of his stature to be alone at society parties and polo matches). Romantic comedy (and complications) ensue. Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> Vivian Ward has found a way of living by working as a prostitute on Hollywood Boulevard. When she runs into the prince of her dreams, who comes along on his wild horse, she first does not recognize him as her saviour. The prince, a ruthless and wealthy businessman by the name of Edward Lewis, does not know that she could be more than just a girl from the sidewalk, but he changes his decision after the first night with the beautiful stranger. Her being the first person in a long time who could surprise him, Edward can slowly feel the light at the end of the tunnel. He is on his way to become a better person, whereas Vivian has got a new chance to start over again. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A very successful, wealthy lawyer, Edward Lewis, hires a beautiful and unlikely prostitute, Vivian Ward (Julia Roberts), from Sunset Blvd to bring along to various business events. An attraction developes between the two, and Edward finds it harder and harder to let the infectious, kind-hearted Vivian go. Businessman Edward Lewis (Richard Gere) breaks up with his girlfriend, who doesn't want to be at his "beck and call" at a swanky party held by his partner Philip Stuckey, and cuts loose in Stuckey's Lotus. He gets lost and stops along Hollywood Boulevard for directions from hooker Vivenne Ward (Julia Roberts). She charges, gets in and ends up driving him to his hotel in Beverley Hills. He asks her up to his penthouse suite on a whim and pays her to stay all night, although seems uncomfortable at first. The following morning he asks her to stay all week for $3000. He also gives her money for clothes and says she needs to be at his "beck and call" with no strings attached. She calls her room-mate Kit (Laura San Giacomo) to leave her money for the rent, and goes shopping on Rodeo Drive for more appropriate clothes. However, snooty saleswomen won't serve her as she is still dressed like a hooker, and she returns to the hotel, where she gets stopped by the hotel manager, Barney (Hector Elizondo). He wants to make it clear that they are making an exception having her at the hotel as Edward is such a special guest. Vivienne gets upset as she still has no outfit for dinner, and Barney helps her, along with coaching her on dinner etiquette. When Edwards returns, he is amazed by Vivienne's new look. The business dinner goes well, but Edward is preoccupied with the deal afterwards. The next day, Vivienne tells him about the experience shoppingt the previous day, and Edward takes her back to spend an obscene amount of money on clothes, leaving her to go back to his work as she is transformed from hooker to lady. She goes back to the shop from the previous day to show them the big mistake they made! Back at hotel, she looks like a genuine guest, but when Edward gets home he is still busy with work, and they take a bath together and talk into the night about their pasts and how they ended up where they are today. The following day, Edward takes Vivienne to the polo. While Vivienne chats to David Morse, the grandson of the man involved in Edward's latest deal, Philip is worried she is a spy. Edward reassures him by telling him how they met, and Philip then comes on to Vivienne. When they return to the hotel, she is furious with Edward for telling him, and plans to leave, but he persuades her to see out the week. Edward leaves work early the next day and takes Vivienne on a date to the Opera in his private jet. She clearly is moved by the music, and says "If I forget to tell you later, I had a wonderful time tonight". On returning to the hotel, he falls asleep (the first time we have seen this) while she is getting ready for bed, and she kisses him on the lips - she doesn't do this with clients - and they make love as partners, rather than client and hooker. Over breakfast, Edward offers to put her up in an apartment so he can continue seeing her, but she feels insulted and says this is not the fairytale she wants. He then goes off to work without resolving the situation. Kit comes to the hotel and sees that she has fallen for him, but she denies it. Edward meets Morse, about to close the deal, and changes his mind at the last minute. His time with Vivienne has shown him another way of being - taking time off and enjoying life - and working. He wants to create things rather than just making money. Philip is livid, and goes to the hotel. Vivienne is there and he blames her for changing Edward - he comes onto her again, and then hits her before Edward returns and pulls him off and chucks him out. Vivienne leaves, and is seen back at home with Kit, packing up to leave for San Franscisco. Edward gets into the car with the chauffeur that took her home, and rather than going to the airport, he goes to her apartment and climbs up the fire escpae (despite being afraid of heights) with a rose in his mouth, to woo her like in a fairy-story. 
 The Mask (1994)541) Bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss is transformed into a manic superhero when he wears a mysterious mask. Timid bank clerk, Stanley Ipkiss ( Jim Carrey ). Unfortunately, he's too gentle, and is unable to handle confrontations. After one of the worst days, he finds a mask which depicts Loki, the Norse god of mischief. When he puts it on, he becomes his inner, self: a cartoon wild man. After Ipkiss's alter ego indirectly kills the friend of small time crime boss, Dorian Tyrel ( Peter Greene ),he wants the green-faced goon destroyed. Ian Pugh <skypilot@ezaccess.net> Bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss ( Jim Carrey ) comes in to possession of a mysterious mask which transforms him into his inner personality. Soon, the bumbling clerk becomes an unconventional super hero in search of justice - and a good time too. Rob Hartill Stanley Ipkiss ( Jim Carrey ) is a young shy man who works in a bank. One day, he discovers a mask by the sea, which (according to an archaeologist) pictures the Norse god of tricks and deception, Loki. When Stanley puts on the mask, he transforms into an uncontrolled reflection of himself, that does crazy things and amazes the people. This new super-hero, the "Mask", falls in love with a singer, Tina Carlyle ( Cameron Diaz ) while he decides to eliminate every gangster in the city. Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Stanley Ipkiss ( Jim Carrey ), a clerk in an Edge City bank, is a shy, luckless romantic who is regularly bullied by nearly everyone around him, including his boss ( Eamonn Roche ), his landlady Mrs Peenman ( Nancy Fish ), and car mechanics. His only friends are his Fox Terrier Milo and his co-worker Charlie ( Richard Jeni ). Meanwhile, gangster Dorian Tyrell ( Peter Greene ) runs the exclusive Coco Bongo nightclub while plotting to overthrow his boss Niko ( Orestes Matacena ). Tyrell sends his singer girlfriend Tina Carlyle ( Cameron Diaz ) into Stanley's bank with a hidden camera, in preparation to rob the bank. Stanley is smitten with Tina, and she seems to reciprocate. Later that night after being denied entrance to the Coco Bongo, he is stranded with a broken-down loaner car at the city's filthy harbor, where he finds a mysterious wooden mask next to a pile of garbage which at first he mistakes to be a drowning man. He takes the object home and jokingly puts it on. The mask wraps around his head, transforming him into a wackily-suited, green-headed, figure, "The Mask", a trickster with reality-bending powers, physical imperviousness and without personal inhibitions who exacts comical revenge on some of Stanley's tormentors and scares a street gang that attempts to mug him. The next morning, Stanley encounters world-weary Edge City detective Lieutenant Kellaway ( Peter Riegert ) and newspaper reporter Peggy Brandt ( Amy Yasbeck ), both of whom are investigating the Mask's activities of the previous night. Despite these threats, the temptation to again use the mask is overwhelming and he puts it back on that evening. Needing money to attend Tina's performance at the Coco Bongo, the Mask noisily interrupts Tyrell's bank robbery and steals the targeted money while Tyrell's henchman Freeze ( Reg E. Cathey ) is shot by police responding to the disturbance. The Mask buys entry into the Coco Bongo, where he "rocks the joint" by dancing exuberantly with Tina in front of the cheering crowd after Tyrell is called away by Sweet Eddy ( Denis Forest ). After Freeze dies in Tyrell's arms, Tyrell violently asks who was responsible and Eddy points to the Mask dancing with Tina. At the end of the dance the Mask gives Tina a kiss that literally blows her shoes off, he is then confronted by Tyrell, who pulls out a gun and shoots off a part of the Mask's tie, which transforms back into Stanley's distinctive pajamas. The Mask escapes, while Tyrell is temporarily arrested for the bank robbery by Lt. Kellaway (who also finds the pajama scrap) who is also informed by a policeman that they found Freeze's dead body. Kellaway confronts Stanley at his apartment, just after a weary Stanley discovers all the bank money stuffed in his closet. Stanley later consults an expert on masks named Arthur Neumann ( Ben Stein ) who tells him that the object is likely a depiction of Loki, the Norse god of darkness and mischief. Despite this, and with both Tyrell and Lt. Kellaway hunting for him, a more confident Stanley stands up to his boss and arranges for Tina to meet the Mask at the local Landfill Park. The meeting goes badly when the Mask's advances scare Tina away and Lt. Kellaway arrives and attempts to arrest him. The Mask toys with the enraged officer before zooming out of the park and tricking a large group of Edge City police officers into joining him in a mass-performance production of the song Cuban Pete. Stanley manages to get the mask off and Peggy helps him escape, but then betrays him to Tyrell for a $50,000 mob bounty. Tyrell tries on the mask and becomes a demonic monster demanding to know from Stanley where the money he took is. Stanley is then shown in one of the mob cars as Tyrell's henchmen search Stanley's apartment and reclaim the money. Stanley is later literally dumped in Kellaway's lap with a green rubber mask and is thrown into jail. Tina sympathetically visits Stanley in his cell, where he urges her to flee the city. She attempts to do so, but is pursued by Orlando ( Nils Allen Stewart ) and cornered by Tyrell. Upon being told by Orlando of her attempt to leave the city, Tina is forcefully taken to his raid of a charity ball at the Coco Bongo which is hosted by Niko and attended by the city's elite including the city's mayor Mitchell Tilton ( Ivory Ocean ). Upon arrival, the Masked Tyrell kills Niko in a gunfight and prepares to destroy both the club and Tina. Meanwhile, Milo helps Stanley break out of his cell, and they go to the club to stop Tyrell, eventually dragging Lt. Kellaway along with him. Upon arrival, Stanley tells Lt. Kellaway to call for backup as he sneaks into the Coco Bongo with a gun of his own. After brief initial success with the assistance of Charlie, Stanley is spotted by Orlando and captured before Stanley can do anything. Tina tricks Tyrell into taking off the mask, which is recovered by Milo, turning the dog into a cartoonish pit-bull who defeats Tyrell's men, while Stanley fights Dorian himself. Stanley then recovers the mask and wears it one last time, using its abilities to save Tina by swallowing Tyrell's bomb, and then flushing Tyrell down the drain of the club's ornamental fountain. The police arrive and arrest Tyrell's remaining henchmen. Mayor Mitchell Tilton witnesses most of this (and deducing that Tyrell was the Mask from the start) and orders Lt. Kellaway to release Stanley. After Stanley, Tina, Charlie, and Milo leave, Mayor Mitchell Tilton tells Lt. Kellaway that he would like to have a word with him. As the sun rises, Stanley, Tina, Milo and Charlie take the mask back down to the harbor, where Tina and Stanley throw it back into the water and share their first kiss. Charlie attempts to retrieve the mask for himself, only to find Milo swimming away with it. 
 Problem Child (1990)541) A young boy is just short of a monster. He is adopted by a loving man and his wacky wife. The laughs keep coming as the boy pushes them to the limits. The story of a seven-year-old mischievous orphan boy named Junior. He is hardly a model child; mean-spirited and incorrigible. One day, he is adopted by a loving man along with his obnoxious wife named Ben Healy and Flo Healy. Ever since Junior comes into their lives, he turns ordinary days into full-scale comic nightmares! He also leaves a path of serious destruction in his wake, and is even pen pals with Martin Beck (A.K.A. The Bow Tie Killer, a notorious serial killer who kidnaps his faithful correspondent, along with Flo). And now it's up to Ben as he undertakes a rescue mission to get Junior back from Beck before he plans on hurting him. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} The seven-year-old orphan Junior has been rejected thirty times by his foster parents since he was a baby because he is wicked. He worships the criminal Martin Beck and wears a a bow tie just like his idol. Ben is a good affectionate man that dreams on being a father. However his flashy wife Flo is infertile and he convinces her to adopt a child. The couple is lured by Mr. Peabody that manages an orphanage and they adopt the little devil Junior. When Ben's father Big Ben meets the boy, he immediately tells that Junior is evil. Soon Ben learns that his father is correct; will he call off the adoption? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Meet Ben and Flo Healy! They want a young child of their own, but Flo is incapable of having a child herself. Enter Junior, a little monster who has been to foster parents' homes since he was a baby and always made himself get thrown out so one day he goes to the orphanage and causes trouble for the poor nuns (although some of them deserved it). So Ben and Flo go to adopt a child and the administrator, Peabody, cons them into taking Junior off their hands. Junior goes home with the Healys to a nice house which includes a bedroom full of clowns! Ben takes an immediate love to his son, no matter what the horrible things he does, even though he injured his grandfather, a bigoted politician, really turned a birthday party into a "blast", sicks a bear onto campers on a camping trip, and even goes on a joyride with convicted killer Martin Beck! Dylan Self <robocoptng986127@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the fictional town of Cold River, infant Junior is not accepted by any parents because of his bad behavior. At age 7, after the latest stunt involving destroying his trailer park home with a bulldozer, he is sent to the local orphanage where he continues his terror on the other kids and even the nuns. He also idolizes a notorious killer Martin Beck, after seeing him on the local news being sent to prison for his latest crime. At the same time, a childless couple, Ben Healy and his wife Flo, a desperate social climber, are frustrated that they cannot have a kid because of Flo's uterus system and she refuses to even think about adoption. Ben has problems of his own because he has worked for his blowhard father, Big Ben Healy, a sporting goods store conglomerate, as well as candidate for town mayor, for 10 years and was rejected any raises or promotions. One day, he announces to Ben that he is planning to sell the store to a Japanese corporation and decides not to give Ben the empty property the store was built on. Meanwhile, at the orphanage, Junior's behavior comes to a boiling point between the nuns and smarmy adoption agent Igor Peabody. The nuns threaten to walk out altogether, unless Junior is released, much to his delight. As Flo eventually warms up to the idea, she and Ben decide to adopt Junior. As they take their new son home, they invite Big Ben to meet Junior, but Big Ben is mortified to learn that they chose adoption. When they discover Junior's room is set on fire, Big Ben thinks Junior is a bad seed. As they leave the room, Junior throws Fuzzball, the cat, onto Big Ben, causing him to fall down the stairs. He is subsequently taken away in an ambulance while Fuzzball suffers broken legs. Meanwhile, in prison, Beck is undergoing a psychological examination, with the warden also present, but the doctor ushers him out of the room after he impedes one too many times. Shortly after, while looking at an inkblot, Beck snaps and strangles the doctor. He escapes by stealing his clothes, car, stuffing his dead body in the trunk, and posing as him to a gate guard as he drives away. One night, Junior is caught by Ben rummaging through the drawers in the living room, claiming he needed a pencil and writing pad to make a get well card to Big Ben. They then have a heart-to-heart and both admit that they're scared being a family, at first, but they are determined to make it work. The next day, they are invited to a weekend camping trip with another neighborhood family, the Whites, led by Roy, Ben's so-called friend as they both coach rival little-league teams and his kids immediately reject Junior. That night, Junior uses a raw steak to lure a bear into the camping site to scare Roy's kids, not knowing that Roy dresses up like one to playfully scare them. Hearing the commotion, Ben, wielding a frying pan, smashes Roy on the head several times. He takes off his costume head and falls down unconscious, while a confused Ben looks up to see Junior, laughing gleefully, sitting in a tree. When the Healys are invited to a birthday party, later, Junior gets revenge on the spoiled birthday girl for not inviting him to the magic show by throwing all the presents in the pool, replacing the pinata candy with canned peppers, putting a frog into the punch bowl and replacing the birthday cake candles with firecrackers. At this point, Ben realizes he will have to start enforcing punishment with Junior starting with taking away his allowance, but it seems it has no effect when he turns the annual Founder's day baseball game, also as a mayoral campaign example for Big Ben, into a baseball bat melee with the opposing players. Finally fed up, Ben and Flo decide to take him back to the orphanage, but when they find out by a frustrated Peabody how many times he has been returned by other parents, Ben decides they should keep him, much to Flo's aggravation, but Junior still gets the impression they do not want him and drives their car into Big Ben's store, destroying thousands of dollars of merchandise. Ben later receives a phone call from the bank stating that his entire account was wiped out by his father to pay the damages. Now on the brink of madness, Ben attempts to smother a napping Junior with a pillow until Beck shows up, claiming he is Junior's uncle. Flo thinks they should play along into thinking Junior is a good kid, but the next day Ben discovers that Beck has kidnapped her and Junior and is given until this afternoon to pay a $100,000 ransom. He speeds over to his father's store, who is in the process of making a live television appearance for the election. Big Ben refuses to pay his son the money, stating that both Flo and Junior's kidnapping was the best thing that happened to him as his father hates them both. Ben bitterly retaliates by turning on the TV camera as Ben rambles on, not realizing he is now live, about how he does not care about the voters and then moons the camera, shooting down any chance of becoming mayor. With the $100,000 in a duffel bag, Ben returns home to steal Roy's Jeep (whose family is ready for a weekend hunting trip) and races to a local circus where Beck is waiting, but he double-crosses Ben by deciding to keep both the money and Junior, but he kicks Beck in the crotch and runs off with Beck in pursuit. He follows Junior onto a trapeze catwalk in one of the circus tents, but Junior disconnects the holding bar sending Beck into a trampoline below. Ben reunites with Junior and the two chase after Beck. After a bump launches Flo, who is stuffed in a suitcase, out of Beck's car trunk, it lands on top of the Jeep. Ben uses Roy's shotgun to shoot out Beck's rear tire, causing him to overturn his car on a bridge. When the Jeep slams into his car, it launches the suitcase into the back of a passing farm truck below on the street. When the police arrive, Beck gets into a scuffle with the officers and shoots Ben with one of their guns. Thinking Ben has perished, Junior tearfully promises that he will be good, from now on. Ben wakes up and discovers the bullet went through his grandfather's friendship prune Ben gave Junior and who kept it in his bedroom. Ben and Junior happily walk away as Beck is hauled off and Flo unzips the suitcase on the truck, only to see the backside of a flatulent hog. 