nm0009433:

 Belles, blondes et bronzes (1981)Summaries Mistaken for bank robbers, two friends stumble into a group of beautiful girls and follow them to Morocco for a dance show. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Comment se faire rformer (1978)Summaries Two friends, Philippe and Jeannot, are drafted the same day and assigned to the same place. They have no taste for military life and during the conscription visit they try all they can to be declared unfit for service. They fail and land in barrack room 13, where a bunch of other "rebels" is gathered together, under the approximate control of a stupid warrant officer and a depressing captain.They all still have hopes of returning home soon.Besides Philippe and Jeannot, this motley crew consists of a rich allegedly kleptomaniac snob, a phony queen, an orthodox Jew, a yogi, a hippie, a Belgian, a hermetic poet, an Arab, and that's not the half of it... Guy Bellinger It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Et la tendresse?... Bordel! (1979)Summaries The role of tenderness in love is explained in this film through three couples namely a male chauvinist pig couple,a romantic couple and a tender couple. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ben et Bndict (1977)Summaries Ben obeys, Benedict doesn't. Ben loses, Bndict wins. This is because Bndict just embodies Ben's fantasies. If she was real - Bndict would ask Bernard, a university mate, to offer his name to the child she is expecting. But Ben hangs on a man who doesn't love her, who abandons her. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 