nm0010188:

 Un silencio de tumba (1976)Summaries An actress and her entourage spend a weekend on an island in the Atlantic. First her child is abducted, then a killer starts to eliminate the rest of the group one by one. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cmo est el servicio! (1968)Summaries Vicenta Verruguillo came to Madrid to work as a bridesmaid. She's not very lucky when searching for a house to work in... Vicenta is a copy of "modern slave": She left her hometown, Villarrioso, province of Cceres, to work as a maid in Madrid. His cousin Manolo is also in the city, and, on behalf of Vicenta's mother, is dedicated to protecting her from men. For his part, Manolo works as a certified health worker in an ambulance, and turns out to have no less than 12 girlfriends at a time, which he calls indistinctly "Pichurri". Meanwhile, Vicenta is trying her luck as a housekeeper in different houses, without finding what she is looking for in any of them, until she meets the radiologist Dr. Cifuentes, who lives with her parents, Mariano (also a doctor) and Consuelo. He falls madly in love with him, and stays to work as a maid for his family. The arrival of Vicenta at the home of the Cifuentes is providential, and so much so that the father advises the son to pretend to be in love with her in order to retain her as a servant. Miguel ngel Daz Gonzlez It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sinner: The Secret Diary of a Nymphomaniac (1973)Summaries Linda Vargas picks up Ortiz in a bar where she works in a lesbian show with Maria Toledano. She seduces him, phones the police and kills herself. Ortiz is held on suspicion of her murder. Ortiz's wife, Rosa, visits a friend of Linda's, the Countess Anna de Monterey who tells her how Linda went into a spiral of sex and drugs after being assaulted by Ortiz as a young girl at a fair-ground. Linda became the Countess's lover, then had a disastrous love affair with Alberto, the Countess' boyfriend. Rosa also meets Maria, who holds Linda's diary, where she relates how a fake Doctor turned her away from drugs and into a nymphomaniac. Artemis-9 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El camino dorado (1979)Summaries An alcoholic man sees his drinking buddy clean up his act, but can't beat his partiality for the booze himself. The spiral downwards begins. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 