nm0005235:

 Walker, Texas Ranger (19932001)Summaries Walker and his partner Trivette are Texas Rangers. They make it their business to battle crime in Dallas and all around the Great State of Texas. Cordell Walker is a veteran Texas Ranger who protects Dallas from the bad guys and believes in dealing with them the old fashioned way (fighting them). He also works on instincts from the childhood he lived on an Indian Reservation with his uncle Ray, after the death of his parents. James Trivette is his partner, a former player for the Dallas Cowboys football team and uses the modern approach to crime solving, such as computers and cellular phones, disbelieving in Walker's methods. Both are helped by Walker's mentor and former partner, retired Ranger C.D. Parker, who owns a bar and grill, specialized in Western cuisine and Country-Western themes, and gives Walker advice on some cases. And all of them work for Assistant District Attorney Alex Cahill, a beautiful, strong and brilliant Texas lady who watches that Walker and Trivette don't break the rules for catching the bad guys. Chockys Texas Ranger Cordell Walker, one of the last old-fashioned heroes of the West, is a protective friend but a relentless foe who will stop at nothing to bring a criminal to justice. Walker works on instinct, often drawing on the traditions of his Native American ancestors. His partner, James Trivette, has a more modern approach to crime-solving. C.D. Parker, a retired Ranger, and Alex Cahill, the county assistant district attorney who shares a mutual attraction with Walker, support the Rangers in their battle to serve justice. DANIEL It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The President's Man: A Line in the Sand (2002 TV Movie)Summaries A counterterrorism specialist is assigned by the President to track down a terrorist who is suspected of planning to set off a nuclear device in the U.S. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Westworld (2016 )44) Set at the intersection of the near future and the reimagined past, explore a world in which every human appetite can be indulged without consequence. This science fiction western series from Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy was inspired by Michael Crichton's Westworld (1973) and is set at a Wild West theme park created by Dr. Robert Ford (Sir Anthony Hopkins) with human-like androids, where guests are encouraged to indulge their fantasies and desires. ahmetkozan This show is a dark odyssey about the dawn of artificial consciousness and the evolution of sin. Set at the intersection of the near future and the re-imagined past, it explores a world in which every human appetite, no matter how noble or depraved, can be indulged. ahmetkozan Westworld isn't your typical amusement park. Intended for rich vacationers, the futuristic park, which is looked after by robotic "hosts", allows its visitors to live out their fantasies through artificial consciousness. No matter how illicit the fantasy may be, there are no consequences for the park's guests, allowing for any wish to be indulged. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Major League: Back to the Minors (1998)Summaries Major League: Back to the Minors. On this team they don't just throw screwballs, they put them in uniform! Gus Cantrell is a major league pitcher in the twilight of his career. He contacted by Roger Dorn, General Manager of the Minnesota Twins, and offered the role of managing the Buzz, the Twins' AAA team. Cantrell accepts but regrets it almost immediately. The Buzz is a dysfunctional no-hoper team, with an odd assortment of characters. However, Cantrell quickly sets about forging them into a winning team. grantss Aging minor league pitcher Gus Cantrell is planning to retire, but then Roger recruits Gus to be the manager of the Salt Lake City Buzz, the Twins AAA minor league team. Gus's mission is to make a real team out of a bunch of players who include ballet dancer turned ballplayer Lance "Lance the Dance" Pere, Frank "Pops" Morgan, Rube Baker, Taka Tanaka, Pedro Cerrano, Hog Ellis, home run hitter Billy "Downtown" Anderson, and Carlton "Doc" Windgate, who throws the slowest fastball in professional baseball. Gus ends up clashing with Leonard Huff, the snobby, arrogant manager of the twins. One night in Minnestoa, Gus and his girlfriend Maggie Reynolds are having dinner with Roger and Huff at an expensive-looking restaurant, where Huff challenges Gus to a game between the Buzz and the Twins, then Huff starts a fight with Gus, who accepts the challenge. The game is scheduled to take place at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minnesota. The Twins take a 3-0 lead in the 6th inning, but Billy hits a home run that ties the game at 3-3 in the 8th inning, but in the top of the 9th inning, with two outs, while the Twins are up to bat, and Doc is one strike away from striking out bullying home run hitter Carlos Liston, Huff has the stadium's lights turned off so the game can end with a tie rather than give the Buzz a chance to win in the bottom of the 9th, and the media says that the Twins were still outplayed by the Buzz. Huff now wants to bring Billy up to the Twins, even though Billy is not yet ready to go up to the Twins. Billy jumps on the opportunity and turns his back on Gus. Without Billy, the Buzz start losing again. With the Twins, Billy starts hitting poorly, proving Huff wrong about Billy. Gus manages to get the Buzz back on track, and Billy is sent back down to the Buzz, where Gus teaches Billy how to hit for a higher batting average. Gus leads the Buzz to a division title in their league, then Gus issues a challenge for Huff to bring the Twins to Buzz stadium for another game. The way Gus has issued the challenge, if the Twins win, he'll give his salary for the year to Huff, and if Gus and the Buzz beat the Twins, Gus can take over as the manager of the Twins. Huff accepts the challenge and takes the Twins to Salt Lake City to play against the Buzz. This time, the Buzz are determined to complete the game and beat the Twins. Todd Baldridge It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 