nm0008969:

 Nash Bridges (19962001)Summaries A smart alecky San Francisco, California cop and his get rich quick scheme of a partner keep tabs on crime and take down the bad guys in the Bay Area. Nash (Don Johnson) is a smart-alecky police inspector, who's seen fighting crime on the streets of San Francisco, California, while driving around in his screaming yellow 1970ish Plymouth Hemi Barracuda. He's the typical super-cop on the beat, who always wins in the end. Unfortunately, his personal relationships leave much to be desired. He has two ex-wives, a sixteen-year-old daughter needing a lot of supervision, and a father with Alzheimer's disease who keeps getting kicked out of retirement homes and dropping by to visit. NASH-B Discussion List Moderators <nash-b-request@bayne.com> Nash Bridges (Don Johnson) is a celebrated veteran police officer, and head of the SIU Department of the San Francisco, California Police Department. With his best friend and partner for life Joe Dominguez (Richard Anthony "Cheech" Marin), and his loyal crew of law enforcement, they're the best of the best in taking down the crime that plagues the city. From powerful people of immense wealth right on down to scum at the bottom of the ladder, Bridges will take them down in his lifelong devotion to the law. But aside from his professional exploits, he's a divorced single father with a young teenage daughter ahead of her time, a father whose attitude refuses to confine himself to a nursing home, and relationships that never quite solidify because of his career. mystic80 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 This Space Between Us (1999)Summaries Filmmaker Alex Harty, 29, has always considered himself a "tortured artist"-but it's not until his wife dies in a car accident that he learns the term's true meaning. Still saddled with grief two years after her death, Alex's once-promising career has come to a standstill. After assaulting a movie producer with a Mont Blanc pen in Los Angeles, Alex returns to his hometown of San Francisco with little more than his beloved Mercury Comet, and a tape recording of his wife's last phone message. Once in the Bay Area, Alex re-acquaints himself with a wide array of characters, including a photographer who's stalking her ex-boyfriend, a fetish-hungry former classmate, a San Francisco socialite who fancies herself as a patron of the arts, a wedding band singer turned performance artist, a flashy City Supervisor who aspires to be the next JFK, Jr., and the now grown-up French girl who spent her childhood summers as his neighbor. Several misadventures, including a comical car accident, a series of failed pranks and a minor earthquake, culminate in Alex reaching a clearer understanding of his grief, one that allows him to break through his "torture" and return to his art. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Numb (2003)Summaries In a post-apocalyptic world where society is controlled by a debilitating narcotic, one woman sets out to find her father, and to heal the wounds of her past. In a future where emotion and desire have been wiped away by an unshakable new narcotic, society exists simply to provide a constant source of the drug. Crumbling Yerba city stands empty, except for its drug-parlors, where the remnants of the population cluster, drifting towards oblivion. Only the android attendants are still capable of action, mindlessly maintaining and administering the 'drip'. Years after escaping to the wastelands outside the city, Claire, one of the few people left who is not an addict, returns looking for the one man who still matters to her. As she makes her way through the dazed world of the city's junkies, only one person seems able to provide any help: the obsessive and self-destructive Miles, the last of the city's security officers. Genetically engineered to be immune to the drug, Miles' strange charisma draws Claire to him, but when he brutally guns down a group of harmless dissidents, she begins to doubt she can really trust anyone. With no other leads, Claire warily sets out with Miles towards Tiburon, a secret community outside the city that may be the last hold-out against the drug... and may bring Claire face to face with her past. Michael Ferris Gibson <gibson@ybprod.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Californians (2005)Summaries Caught between Olive's righteousness and Gavin's affection, the idealistic and innocent Zoe must choose between a cause she's grown up supporting, or the affections of a man who stands for everything she believes is wrong. Slick, smug developer Gavin Ransom has a dream: make millions by blanketing the coastal hills of northern California with flamboyant, mini mansions. His sister Olive a raving environmentalist, thinks otherwise, and aims to stop her brother's land gobbling plans. When Zoe Tripp a striking beautiful folk singer, joins Olive's cause, Gavin gets thrown for a loop, falling hard for the striking young woman with the golden voice. Caught between Olive's righteousness and Gavin's affection, the idealistic and innocent Zoe, coached by her parents and a maternal environmentalist must choose between a cause she's grown up supporting, or the affections of a man who stands for everything she believes is wrong. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 