nm0011348:

 Grey's Anatomy (2005 )Summaries A drama centered on the personal and professional lives of five surgical interns and their supervisors. A medical based drama centered around Meredith Grey, an aspiring surgeon and daughter of one of the best surgeons, Dr. Ellis Grey. Throughout the series, Meredith goes through professional and personal challenges along with fellow surgeons at Seattle Grace Hospital. The doctors of Grey Sloan Memorial Hospital deal with life-or-death consequences on a daily basis -- it's in one another that they find comfort, friendship and, at times, more than friendship. Together they're discovering that neither medicine nor relationships can be defined in black and white. Real life only comes in shades of grey. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Equals (2015)44) In an emotionless utopia, two people fall in love when they regain their feelings from a mysterious disease, causing tensions between them and their society. A futuristic love story set in a world where emotions have been eradicated. Nathan Parker After a cataclysmic war sometime in the past, the survivors and their heirs have rebuilt themselves into what appears on the surface to be an idyllic, emotion-free utopia, designed to control the violent impulses which nearly destroyed them...no one exhibits individuality, everyone is equal and serves the collective good, and romantic couples, sex, and love itself no longer exist - procreation is now an in-office procedure selectively performed by purely artificial means. But there is trouble in paradise: suicides are happening at an alarming rate, and increasingly, citizens are being diagnosed with the "incurable" sickness of emotionality. Mike Ferguson An advanced society - the Collective - has emerged out of a Great War. Along with the technological advances are societal advances where emotions and feelings are switched off at birth to allow humans, devoid of any individuality, to focus on the greater good of society, especially in exploring the universe. Some humans can be afflicted with Switched-on-Syndrome (SOS) - thought not to be contagious - where those emotions and feelings begin to emerge, the ultimate manifestation of the disease being coupling. There are four distinct documented stages of SOS, and if one is able to survive stage 3 when thoughts of suicide emerge, one is ultimately subjected to a painless death in the worst cases of stage 4 as there is no known cure. Humans are to report signs in other of SOS and more importantly to recognize signs of it in oneself, in both cases the affected subjects sent to Health and Safety (H and S) for ultimate diagnosis and treatment. Silas, who has one of the more coveted jobs in the Collective as an illustrator at the educational research firm Atmos, begins to recognize the symptoms in himself, and at H and S, is diagnosed at stage 1 of SOS. In treatment at H and S, Silas meets Jonas, who is at stage 2 of the disease. Through Jonas, Silas meets a group of SOS sufferers who provide support to each other, most who neither deny or suppress to each other their want to experience these human feelings and emotions. Concurrently, Silas believes he sees in one of his coworkers, Nia, a writer, signs of SOS. He ultimately discovers that she indeed does suffer from SOS, and is a "hider", not disclosing these symptoms to anyone, let alone to H and S. Silas and Nia end up falling in love with each other, that love which feels right and not wrong as they were taught. Through the support group, Silas and Nia contemplate escaping to the Peninsula - the only known land mass that survived the war outside of the Collective control - their future there, if there is a future, uncertain. They have to balance these issues against the fact that a cure has been developed which would once again suppress their feelings for each other. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Mysteries of Pittsburgh (2008)Summaries Based on Michael Chabon's novel, the film chronicles the defining summer of a recent college graduate who crosses his gangster father and explores love, sexuality, and the enigmas surrounding his life and his city. Pittsburgh, coming of age in the 1980s. At the beginning of June, Art Beckstein calls this the last summer of his life - after which he'll work as a stock broker. Art's father is the city's mob boss, steering Art's life, judging his choices. At a party, Art sees Jane, smart, blond, lovely. They meet; she has a boyfriend. The next day, Cleveland, the boyfriend, pulls Art from work and the summer of adventures begins. Cleveland lives close to the edge; he's explosive, with hints of problems with local thugs. The triangle of friendship gets complicated when Cleveland disappears for a couple weeks. Can Art sort out his feelings as well as help Cleveland? Where does his father fit in this? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Over the Line (2006)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 