nm0007176:

 Taking Lives (2004)541) An FBI profiler is called in by French Canadian police to catch a serial killer who takes on the identity of each new victim. The film starts in the early 1980s. Young Martin Asher took a bus for Canada. He meets another teen on the bus, Matt Soulsby. When the bus broke down they decided to rent a car and drive to Seattle. On the road the car gets a flat tire, and Matt starts changing the tire. Martin comments on how he and Matt are about the same height, and in that moment he quickly pushes Matt in the way of an oncoming truck causing a huge accident where Matt and the driver both die. He took Matt's guitar and left singing like Matt did. Twenty years later, an FBI profiler, Illeana Scott comes to Canada to help hunt down the now serial killer Martin Asher who killed multiple men and lived by their identities. Martin's mother claims that she saw Martin in Quebec city and she tells the police that Martin is evil. The police also has an eyewitness James Costa who saw Asher kill his last victim... victoria Recruited to assist Montreal police in their desperate search for a serial killer who assumes the identities of his victims, FBI profile Illeana Scott knows it's only a matter of time before the killer strikes again. Her most promising lead is a museum employee who might be the killer's only eyewitness. yusufpiskin A successful FBI profiler, Illeana Scott, is summoned to help out Quebec law enforcement in Montreal. Her task is to hunt down a serial killer who assumes the lives and identities of the people he kills as he travels across North America. This forces Illeana to adjust to working in a strange city with a police team with which she doesn't really fit in. austin4577@aol.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with a young man (Paul Dano) who has run away from home. He looks meek and soft, a geek with thick glasses. He shares the bus trip with another male runaway who has jumped free from an army school called Matt Soulby (Justin Chatwin). The bus gets a flat tyre, so they buy a second-hand car from a garage man (Bill Two Rivers). That car gets a flat tyre as well. When Matt is changing the tyre, his companion pushes him onto an incoming car. Both Matt and the driver of the car die. Angelina Jolie plays an FBI profiler, Special Agent Illeana Scott (Angelina Jolie), who is sent to Montreal to help in a murder investigation. Agent Scott's approach to profiling the serial killer is somewhat eccentric. She goes to a crime scene, lies down in the position the victim was found, and uncovers clues the police did not notice. She gets inside the head of the serial killer and comes up with a theory that the killer is assuming the lives and the identities of the people he kills. The mother of the serial killer, Mrs Archer (Gena Rowlands), sees her evil son, who was supposed to have been killed by a truck years earlier, on the ferry. She goes to the police and talks to Paquette (Olivier Martnez), but they do not let him reopen the case. Later, when the serial killer kills again, they have a witness who is an artist called James Costa (Ethan Hawke), who can draw his face. This was the clue they needed although Costa can't be too specific about the details. The police finally contact his mother and collect more information about him. The murderer was the non-preferred younger sibling of a pair of twins. Illeana insists. The police are protecting Mrs Asher, but she doesn't allow them to register her home. Illeana enters the home, thinking that she'll get off easier of the charges as she is an outsider who may not know the rules which are applied in Canada. There, she goes up to the penthouse and looks to a shabby place full of old-fashioned toys, a teddy-bear which has been hanged... Suddenly, she is attacked by somebody who appears from under the dirty mattress and runs away. Agent Scott gets involved romantically with Costa, clouding her judgment, so she wants off the case. However, the Canadian police think that she is their best assest, so they keep her on the case. They think that the killer may be one big potential buyer of Costa, so he'll be used as bait. Costa goes to the toilets after having received a note, but the police tell him to forget about everything - although there is a suspense moment when the police cannot hear Costa and he goes to the bathroom on his own. The investigation goes on, and Costa finally confronts his evil twin: Hart (Kiefer Sutherland). In the ensuing fight, Costa is hurt, but Hart jumps from the window and leaves in his flashy car. The police run after them, and Hart's car burns to ashes to Hart inside. Costa is hurt but alive. That night, he and Illeana make love. Mrs Asher has to identify her dead son. She gets shocked and leaves without saying anything after looking into the corpse's eyes. The police laugh at her. Illeana goes after her because she smells something fishy. Mrs Asher has already gone into the lift. Costa is inside: he is the evil twin. His mother says that she's not afraid of him. When Illeana arrives, Mrs Asher has been killed and lies in a pool of blood. Costa has left to the underground. He starts talking to a man, and he takes his life, as usual. Leclair (Tchky Karyo), the man in charge, is angry with Illeana because Costa has run away. Time goes on. Illeana goes back to the USA and she is spelled from the FBI. She has become white trash, living on a derelict wooden house somewhere in the countryside. She is pregnant. One day, Costa arrives with a physical appearance somehow different. She wants to kill her because she is pregnant of his babies, male twins. There is a fight: he has taken away all the loaded guns Illeana had hidden away all over her home. James takes a pair of scissors and he thrusts them into Illeana's womb. She takes the scissors and thrusts them into James Costa's heart. While he is giving his last breath, Illeana shows him how she has tricked him. She is not pregnant at all: she has carried a fake pregnancy bag on her belly under her clothes. James Costa dies. Illeana phones Leclair. He says that he's glad to hear from her, as he was beginning to feel worried about her. Leclair will go immediately to Illeana's home to save her some of the trouble with the questioning and paperwork. 
 Pieces of a Woman (2020)431) When a young mother's home birth ends in unfathomable tragedy, she begins a year-long odyssey of mourning that fractures relationships with loved ones in this deeply personal story of a woman learning to live alongside her loss. Martha and Sean are a Boston couple on the verge of parenthood whose lives change irrevocably when a home birth ends in unimaginable tragedy. Thus begins a yearlong odyssey for Martha, who must navigate her grief while working through fractious relationships with her husband and her domineering mother, along with the publicly vilified midwife, whom she must face in court. A deeply personal, searing, and ultimately transcendent story of a woman learning to live alongside her loss. Netflix With their first baby due any minute, rough-around-the-edges builder, Sean, and his young wife, Martha, are on cloud nine. Instead, after a domestic white-knuckle ordeal, tragedy strikes. And in the following months, Martha and Sean will experience an insidious roller coaster of corrosive emotions, utterly defenceless to grapple with loss. More and more, as alienation, strained family relationships, and the pressing need for answers and closure start to define their lives, once-blissful Sean and Martha find themselves caught in a self-destructive spiral. Can time heal all wounds? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Martha Weiss and Sean Carson are a Boston couple who are on the verge of becoming parents. Sean is a construction worker, while Martha is an executive. The couple meet up at a car dealership where Martha's brother-in-law, Chris, works and Martha's mother, Elizabeth, has bought them a minivan. Sean gifts Martha ultrasound pictures to hang in their nursery. Martha goes into labor that night. Sean calls their midwife, Barbara, but she is unavailable, so she sends a woman named Eva in her place. Martha struggles with nausea, anxiety, and pain during labor. When Martha reaches ten centimeters, the midwife moves her into the bedroom in order to give birth. As Martha pushes, Eva realizes the baby's heart rate is dropping dangerously low during contractions. She informs a panicked Sean that they may need to go to the hospital and moves to call paramedics. Sean relays this information to Martha, who insists that she doesn't want to go, as she is so close. Martha channels all of her strength to push the baby out and gives birth to her daughter. Eva notices the baby is turning blue and attempts to revive her, but she quickly goes into cardiac arrest, and dies. The next month while shopping, Martha encounters a little girl and lactates through her shirt. At a grocery store, she encounters a friend of her mother's, Judith, who hugs her and assures her that Eva will "rot in prison". Sean and Martha attend an appointment with a coroner. Sean is eager to find out what went wrong, while Martha is reluctant. At the coroner's, the couple learns that they have not established the cause of death, though they were able to determine that the baby was in a low-oxygen environment and have started proceedings against Eva. Sean leaves, overcome with emotion, while Martha remains and decides that she wants to donate the baby's body to science. Martha's relationship with Sean continues to struggle as well as with her mother who wants to bury the baby and have a funeral. Two months later she is still deeply depressed. Sean and Martha fight over the baby's room. Sean wants it maintained and Martha does not. Sean attempts to instigate sex but it does not work out and it becomes clear that he is also still deeply depressed. The next month, Sean returns the minivan. He starts to have an affair with Martha's cousin, Suzanne, and use cocaine after being sober for over six years. Suzanne informs him that a potential lawsuit against Eva could be very lucrative. Suzanne is also the attorney prosecuting Eva. Elizabeth blames Martha for the baby's death because she decided to have a home birth and tells her she has to attend Eva's trial. Elizabeth then tells Sean she never liked him. She offers him money to leave and never return. Martha drops Sean off at the airport and he leaves for Seattle. Months later, Martha testifies at Eva's trial. Afterwards, she picks up pictures of her holding her daughter and goes back to the trial. The judge allows her to address the court, in which she states that Eva is not at fault for the death and she does not blame her. Back home, she discovers that apple seeds she started in her refrigerator have started to sprout. A month later Martha scatters her daughter's ashes into the river. Years later, a little girl climbs an apple tree. Martha helps her down and the two go inside. 
 Highlander: The Final Dimension (1994)541) Deceived that he had won the Prize, Connor MacLeod awakens from a peaceful life when an entombed immortal magician comes seeking the Highlander. The third Highlander movie takes place at 1994, which means it's a prequel of the second film. After the death of his beloved wife Heather some centuries ago, Connor MacLeod left the highlands of Scotland and wandered around the world. Finally, he got to Japan, where he met the famous sorcerer Nakano, who was an Immortal too. Soon, they became friends, and Nakano taught Conor some tricks. But one day, an old enemy, Kane, came to Japan willing to find Nakano's cave and kill him. Although he succeeded, after cutting Nakano's head the mountain collapsed and Kane was trapped. Now, centuries after, an excavation reveals Nakano's cave... Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> After the death of Heather, Connor MacLeod wanders through the world and goes to Japan to meet Nakano that is a powerful immortal that trains MacLeod. Meanwhile, the cruel warrior Kane is hunting down MacLeod and reaches the cave where MacLeod and Nakano are. Nakano asks Connor to kill him to acquire his powers but MacLeod refuses. Kane arrives and kills Nakano, acquiring his sorcerer powers. Now Kane will hunt down MacLeod though the centuries with his acquired powers. In the present days, MacLeod stumbles upon the archaeologist Alex Johnson and soon they fall in love with each other. But Kane is hunting him down. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In feudal Japan, Connor MacLeod, the immortal highlander, seeks out an immortal master of illusion in order to learn the magician's art. He is unknowingly followed by an evil immortal, Kane, who want Connor's head. They fight and Connor gets away while Kane is trapped in a cave. Now in the present Connor's peace is destroyed once again as the evil Kane is released from his imprisonment and the struggle of the Gathering begins again. Using Connor's loved ones and his acquired powers of illusion, Kane lures Connor in for a fight where there can be only one winner. John Cope <conner@wolfenet.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "Highlander III: The Sorcerer" otherwise known as "Highlander III," "Highlander III- The Final Conflict," "Highlander III: The Magician," "Highlander III: The Final Dimension," "Highlander 3: The Legend," "Highlander: The Final Dimension," or "Highlander: The Sorcerer," begins with Conner MacLeod narrating of the Immortals, and how he was one of them using mainly the same words Ramirez had during the prologue at the beginning of the first "Highlander" film. He explains that after his mentor Ramirez was killed by the Kurgan, and his wife died through old age, he searched the world, "looking for answers." His journeys brought him to Japan where he became tutored in his immortal powers in the cave of Nakano the sorcerer. It is there that he and Nakano forge a katana which Conner now uses. The two battle in a training montage, and Conner gains the upper hand despite Nakano's illusions. Nakano invites him to destroy him so that Conner may receive his power, but Conner refuses since his friendship with Nakano is too great. Nakano warns Conner of the evil immortal named Kane, who is on his way with his two lackeys to the mountain of Neri where Conner and Nakano currently reside. On his way to the mountain, he passes through a Japanese village and asks for directions, but upon receiving none, Kane and his men brutally massacre every man, woman, and child within the village before setting it ablaze and continuing their journey. Kane and his men arrive at Nakano's cave and attack him. Conner tries to intervene but is impaled by Kane and defeated. Nakano distracts Kane with his illusions while Conner escapes, but Kane quickly gains the upper hand and decapitates Nakano. Before dying, Nakano tells Kane that Conner will eventually destroy him. Nakano's quickening, while powering Kane, cause a great explosion within the cave that causes to to seal up when the boulders break loose and cover up the entrances while Conner barely escapes the ensuing avalanche. In present day 1994, an excavation is taking place at Mount Neri. Beautiful blonde archaeologist, Dr. Alexandra Johnson, arrives and shows fascinations in the excavation knowing that they have discovered a cave that belonged to the ancient sorcerer Nakano. That night, a security guard investigates a noise coming from a tunnel and is killed by Kane who emerges with his lackeys. He sends the first lackey to find the Highlander Conner and kill him. As the first lackey leaves, Kane immediately decapitates the second lackey and receives his quickening. Meanwhile, Conner is enjoying a vacation in Marrakesh with his adopted plot device son, when he realizes a sensation of the quickening. Realizing that his son is in mortal danger (immortal danger I guess now), Conner leaves his son in the care of his friend before returning to his home in New York City. On his way to his home, he is attacked and shot by several muggers and left for dead in the snow. He is quickly brought to the hospital but comes alive and inadvertently attacks the paramedics, leading to him being brought to the mental institution. Conner awakens tied to a bed alongside a crazy mental patient who believes that he is Napoleon Bonaparte and has a newspaper hat to go with him. Conner uses this patient's delusions to convince him to set him free and start a commotion which arrests the attention of the security guards. Conner then makes his way to the laundry room and is attacked by Kane's first lackey. In a swift but fierce battle, Conner decapitates the lackey with his own sword and receives his quickening. He escapes the mental institution and the lackey's body is discovered by the police as well as Detective John Stenn, who is obsessed with bringing down Conner who he believes is the perpetrator of the act. At the dig site in Japan, Alex finds the dead body of Kane's first lackey in the tunnels and recognizes his armor as authentic 1500 Japanese armor, quickly taking a sample. She does further research and deduces that the sample is "definitely not a fake." Meanwhile, Kane arrives in New York, and begins catching up on lost time by stealing a person's sunglasses, visiting a grungy bar, and then a brothel where he has rough sex with a saucy prostitute until he inadvertently kills her. Upon returning home, Conner is held up by Stenn, who warns him that he will bring him down, calling him by his alias, Russel Nash. "I'll nail ya Nash!" he says, to which Conner is disgusted by. Conner looks through his apartment where he turns on the news to a News interview of Alex, to which he realizes that she is bewitchingly similar in physical appearance to an old love he once had in the 1700's named Rebecca. In an admittedly clever scene, Stenn visits the autopsy room where the coroner is unable to determine the second lackey's identity due to him being previously immortal and having no life in the present day for centuries. Finding nothing against Conner, Stenn leaves in an angry huff. Meanwhile, Alex deduces that an iron she found in the excavation belongs to Conner MacLeod, and upon further research, finds out the "Russel Nash" is a possible "link to Nakano." Upon receiving his address, she decides to head to New York where he lives to ask him some questions. Unbeknownst to her, Kane has arrived and has overheard. He appears and playfully harasses her before transforming into a hawk and flying off to find Conner as well as soon as the faxed address to Conner's home is revealed. Alex arrives in New York and tails Conner to a Buddhist shrine where he has been practicing Martial Arts. Stenn follows close behind. While there, Conner has a flashback of his love with Rebecca in France, and how they made passionate love in the barn before the French Revolution broke out. Conner was rounded up during the madness and was sent to prison to be executed by the guillotine, but in "A Tale of Two Cities" fashion, another immortal swaps places with him. Later, Conner returns to Rebecca's home only to discover that she had married another man upon belief that Conner had been killed. With his heart broken, Conner left. After the flashback has subsided, Conner then runs into Alex and discovers that she has been following him, immediately suspecting that she is trying to discover his link to MacLeod. Just then they are attacked by Kane. Conner and Kane begin a sword duel to which Conner is defeated and his swords is cleaved in half by Kane. However, before Kane can go in for the kill, he realizes that they have been fighting on holy ground. Kane transforms into a hawk and flies off. Conner, gathering himself up and finding that his sword is broken, orders Alex to leave him alone and leaves in a huff. Stenn runs into Alex, hoping to arrest Conner. He then brings her to a bar and tells her of Conner's last wife Brenda who was killed in a car crash which Conner survived. (Which makes little to no sense considering that Conner was made mortal after defeating the Kurgan, but, oh well) Conner journeys back to Scotland in hopes of reforging his sword. To his delight, he finds his ancient tools and anvil, and tries futilely to fix his weapon. Finally lost hope, he ponders his life while Alex researches and finds that Nakano's magic metal bar of refined steel. She journeys to Scotland and gives him the medal which he graciously accepts and through a training montage set to Lorene McKennit's "Bonny Portmore." Having reforged his sword, Conner and Alex celebrate by going back to his apartment where he gets naked and takes off Alex's lingerie, sucking her nipple, fingering her, thrusting into her and having sex with her until she mounts him and climaxes vigorously. The next day while at a pub, Conner receives a call from his friend telling him that he sent MacLeod's now-forgotten by both Conner and every viewer of the film to the airport. Conner races to the airport and tries to reclaim his son, but Kane beats him there, and making himself look like Conner, takes Conner's son and kidnaps him. Stenn arrives at the airport and arrests Conner but cannot get any evidence against him, and with Conner being unresponsive, has to let him go. "I'll nail ya Nash!" he reminds Conner, to which Conner laughs and says, "I've heard that before." Conner, knowing he may die in the ensuing battle, gives Alex the ring he gave to Rebecca centuries ago, to which she emotionally accepts. Conner tracks down Kane at an abandoned cathedral where Kane reveals that Conner will only receive his characterless son after Conner has defeated him. He then tries to break down Conner via a speech of how the prize was never Conner's to begin with. But Conner is unswayed. Kane then flees to an abandoned nuclear power plant where Kane tries to distract Conner by posing as a terribly dubbed Alex. However, Conner is not fooled and stabs Kane to which Kane just uses the word and attacks Conner. In a badly edited battle with Motley Crew's instrumental cover of "Dr. Feelgood" blaring in the background, Conner reclaims his sword and cuts Kane in halves, only for Kane to put himself back together and keep fighting. Conner manages to cuts Kane's back legs, distracting Kane into regenerating himself. Kane turns and tells Conner, "I'll see you in hell!" To which the Highlander smiles and says curtly, "I'll be the judge of that." Kane attacks him once more but Conner decapitates Kane three times so that Kane cannot regenerate himself. As Kane's head rolls across the ground, Conner states defiantly, "There can be only one!" Then, Kane's quickening floods the factory and imbues its flaming power into Conner MacLeod, who is swept into the air and filled with the definite final quickening. He collapses to the ground and is greeted by his now restored son. Conner returns to the grave of his first wife, Heather, and leaves a candle there by his planted sword in remembrance. Conner then happily states that all immortals are definitely done in for, and that his conflict is "finally over." As he drives off into the peaceful countryside with his son and Alex, the screen focuses upon his planted sword. Ambiguously, lightning strikes his sword in a reference of the quickening, implying that his conflict is NOT over and that there are indeed more immortals to be reckoned with. 
 X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014)761) The X-Men send Wolverine to the past in a desperate effort to change history and prevent an event that results in doom for both humans and mutants. In the future, the mutants and the humans who help them are slaughtered by powerful robots named Sentinels. Professor Xavier, Wolverine, Magneto, Storm, Kitty Pryde, and her friends meet at a monastery in China and Xavier explains that the invincible Sentinels were created using the DNA of Mystique that was captured in 1973 when she tried to assassinate their creator Dr. Bolivar Trask. Xavier tells that their only chance is return to 1973 using Pryde's ability to join Charles Xavier and Erik Lehnsherr to convince Mystique to give up her intention. However, only Wolverine can withstand the damages of the time travel. Will he succeed in stopping Mystique and the Sentinel Program, and save the mutants and their human friends from annihilation? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil This movie opens in a dark and desolate future that was set in motion in 1973, when brilliant scientist Dr. Bolivar Trask (Peter Dinklage) created a series of giant robots called Sentinels for the sole purpose of wiping out mutants, who he claimed were a direct threat to the human race. Although initially programmed solely to target mutants, the Sentinels soon began eradicating humans who possessed the DNA to breed mutants, and eventually, any mortal mutant sympathizers. Desperate, Professor Xavier (Sir Patrick Stewart) and Magneto (Sir Ian McKellen) devise a plan to have Kitty Pryde (Elliot Page) send Wolverine back to the year when Mystique (Jennifer Lawrence) assassinated Trask. It turns out that Mystique inadvertently accelerated the Sentinel program when she was subsequently captured by Sergeant William Stryker (Josh Helman), who succeeded at harvesting her DNA to make the robots more powerful than ever before. Upon arriving in the past, Wolverine quickly seeks out a much younger Charles Xavier (James McAvoy), as well as Beast (Nicholas Hoult) and Quicksilver (Evan Peters), and together they help break a young Magneto (Michael Fassbender) out of a heavily fortified prison cell hundreds of feet beneath the Pentagon. Meanwhile, with the help of Havok, Ink, Toad, and Spike, Mystique is already moving in for the kill. Although Wolverine, Beast, Charles, and Magneto manage to thwart the assassination, Charles and Magneto once again find themselves at odds after the latter attempts to alter the plan at the last moment, creating a mass panic during a post-Vietnam War peace summit in Paris. And Dr. Trask, still fuming from having had the Sentinel program rejected by Congress, takes his proposal directly to President Nixon (Mark Camacho), laying the groundwork for an even darker future than the one Wolverine was sent back to prevent. In a dystopian 2023, years after Logan's adventure in The Wolverine (2013) , Bolivar Trask's powerful mutant-hunting robots, the Sentinels, have brought both mutant-supporters and the meta-human race on the brink of extinction. To avert total annihilation, an aged Professor X, his long-standing friend/nemesis, Magneto, and the remaining survivors of the original team in X-Men (2000) join forces with their 1973 versions from X: First Class (2011) , as the body-regenerating Wolverine travels back in time, entrusted with fulfilling a life-or-death mission. Now, the shape-shifting Mystique is caught in the middle of a desperate situation. Can one man alone change the entire course of history? Nick Riganas The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species across two time periods in this movie. The characters from the original X-Men movie trilogy join forces with their younger selves from X-Men: First Class (2011) in an epic battle that must change the past, to save our future. Twentieth Century Fox In 2023, the entire human race is on the brink of extinction. Sentinels, originally created to kill mutants now hunt all of mankind. The remaining survivors cannot stand against the onslaught of the Sentinel army. In order to save the future, Wolverine is sent back to 1973 in order to stop the war before it even starts. Ed Kwong Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Patrick Stewart's Charles Xavier recounts how humans created sentinels to hunt and kill mutants. While they at first only hunted mutants, the sentinels later began targeting humans who held a probability of becoming mutants. The resulting events have created an apocalyptic wasteland in which only a handful of mutants have survived, facing extinction should they be found by the sentinels. Three strange objects are ejected from a large airship and crash to the ground. Warpath realizes that the sentinels have found them and leaves with Blink to warn the others, including Colossus, Sunspot, Bishop, Iceman, and Kitty Pryde. Bishop immediately requests that Sunspot give him some energy in the form of fire, which he absorbs and channels into his advanced rifle. Bishop takes off with Kitty Pryde as the others form a ring of defense against the invading sentinels. The sentinels drill into the mutant's base, their bodies having the ability to rearrange into different forms and tools. They break through and Sunspot engages the first, drenching it in flames. Colossus engages the second, getting knocked to the ground by the towering sentinel. Warpath tries to help but is knocked away. The third sentinel intercepts Bishop and Kitty. Bishop fires a large energy blast at the sentinel, barely affecting it. Blink appears via the use of her portals and makes an exit for the two fleeing mutants. She then opens up a portal for Iceman to assist against their foe. Iceman uses his ice slide to outmaneuver the pursuing sentinel, encasing it in a thick wall of ice. Kitty and Bishop arrive at a safe room, where Kitty has Bishop lie on a table. She puts her hands around his head as he loses consciousness. Meanwhile, the sentinels are getting the upper hand in the fight. When Colossus throws a punch that is caught by a sentinel, Colossus' metal skin begins to form over the sentinel as well. It becomes clear that the sentinels are able to absorb and replicate mutant powers. Both Colossus and Warpath are killed by the sentinel they are fighting. The sentinel fighting Sunspot begins to form a protective cocoon of ice around itself, using the powers of Iceman. It breaks through the gout of flames keeping it at bay and strangles Sunspot to death. Subsequently, the sentinel fighting Iceman encases itself in fire to melt itself free from the ice, using the powers of Sunspot. It breaks through the ice and grabs Iceman by the neck. Iceman's frozen head slides across the floor and the sentinel steps on it. The sentinels proceed to melt down the door to the room Kitty and Bishop are hiding in. But as they enter, Kitty says "Too late, assholes!" Just before the sentinels can kill the two, everyone in the scene disappears. The remaining future mutants, Wolverine/Logan, Storm, Professor X/Charles Xavier, and Magneto/Erik Lensherr, disembark from their jet to greet the group of mutants that we just saw die and subsequently disappear. It is revealed that Kitty Pryde's mutation has evolved to allow her to send someone's consciousness back through time. During the sentinel assault in the previous scene, Bishop's consciousness was sent back through time to his younger body. He warned the others of the impending sentinel assault so they could leave before the sentinels ever arrived. Bishop and Kitty disappeared from the opening sequence because that reality had been erased and the time line altered. Kitty explains to the four arrivals that they have done this many times before. Each time the sentinels attack, Warpath spots them, the mutants make a line of defense to buy some time, Kitty sends Bishop back through time with the warning of the attack, and the mutants of the past flee before the attack can ever take place. Professor Xavier then exclaims that he is aware and has come up with a plan to send his own consciousness back through time to the point when the sentinels were first unleashed. We learn that in 1973, Mystique assassinated Bolivar Trask, the creator of the sentinel program. This murder spurred the humans to further the sentinel program. Mystique is captured that same day and it is through the study of her DNA that the sentinels of the future are born. Her unique DNA allows the sentinels to adapt mutant powers for their own use. Professor Xavier plans to go back in time to stop the assassination of Bolivar Trask and in turn, prevent the anti-mutant tide that leads to the creation of the sentinels. Kitty says, however, that she can only send someone back a couple of weeks or a month into the past, not decades. She warns that the mind can only be stretched so far without breaking. Wolverine volunteers to go back, his healing ability allowing him to survive the procedure. He must go to the past and convince a broken Charles Xavier to take up arms and work with the man that he hates, Erik Lehnsherr. It is only together that they can find Mystique and prevent her from assassinating Trask. Kitty carries out the procedure, warning Logan that while his consciousness is in the past, his body will stay in the future. Only when his consciousness returns from the past will the timeline change. His mind staying in the past is contingent upon his body existing in the future and Kitty remaining at his side. Logan will have a limited amount of time before they are found by the sentinels of the future; he must complete his mission before then or all will be lost. Logan wakes up and finds himself in bed with a woman. He looks outside and realizes that the procedure has worked; it is 1973. Seconds later, three thugs burst through the door as Logan is getting dressed. Apparently, he was supposed to be guarding someone's daughter instead of sleeping with her. He asks if they would believe that he was from the future at which they scoff. He extends his bone claws and the henchmen pull out guns and begin shooting him. He heals from his wounds and proceeds to take out the men, stealing their car. The next scene introduces Bolivar Trask, who is trying to convince members of Congress to fund his sentinel program. He tells the panel that mutants are a threat to humanity. The committee does not share Trask's belief, saying that if mutants have been among humankind for some time now, they have existed peacefully alongside their fellow humans. They decide to not provide the funding. In a US military camp in Vietnam, a high-ranking army officer walks into a segregated tent to find a man named William Stryker preparing to take a group of mutants into custody. The army officer says that these men are going home. Stryker flashes around a document claiming to be part of a special outfit who is transferring the mutants to a Trask Industries facility, informing the army officer that he doesn't have jurisdiction. The officer counters that he does, transforming into the shape-shifter Mystique. She begins to take out all of the men in the tent in hand-to-hand combat with some assistance from the mutants. Before she can kill Stryker, one of the mutants intervenes and knocks Stryker unconscious. This mutant is Havok from the previous film in the series and he asks about the whereabouts of Magneto. Mystique responds that she's on her own now. The mutants board a plane home while Mystique walks away in disguise, claiming that there is still work to be done. Logan drives up to the dilapidated and overgrown Xavier mansion. Hank, also known as Beast, answers the door in his human form. Logan asks to see Charles but is rebuffed by Hank. He forces his way in, exclaims that he and Hank will be good friends in the future, and punches Hank right in the face. Blue fur appears on Hank as he transforms into the Beast. He begins to throw Logan around, giving him a good beating before being stopped by Charles. Despite being paralyzed by a bullet to his spine, he's walking around normally. Logan pleads his case to Charles only to be ridiculed by the drunken and disheveled young man. Logan asks Charles to read his mind, but Charles can't. Beast/Hank explains that he developed a serum to control his mutation and keep his beast form at bay. From this, he developed another serum to cure Xavier's paralysis. A side effect of taking the drug, however, left Charles unable to use his mutant ability to read and control minds. Logan is able to convince him nonetheless, after revealing secrets of Xavier's past that he had never told anybody. Charles refuses to help Logan and it is clear that he is a broken man, depressed and filled with the guilt of losing his friends, students, and most of all losing Raven/Mystique. Eventually, he agrees to assist Logan for the sake of Raven herself. One problem still exists: they need to enlist the help of Magneto, whom Charles absolutely loathes. Magneto is being kept underneath tons of concrete in a prison at the Pentagon, having already served 10 years in prison for the alleged killing of John F. Kennedy. We cut to Mystique disguising herself as Bolivar Trask to gain entrance to his personal office. She pores through documents and discovers that Trask has been experimenting on mutants and killing them. She pulls a file regarding an event at which Trask will be present with members of the Vietnamese government and asks Trask's secretary to type up his itinerary. To break Magneto out of prison, the group enlists the help of Pietro Maximoff/Quicksilver. He uses his ability of ultrafast movement to almost instantly do whatever he chooses. The group arrives at the Pentagon and Hank uses a piece of equipment to interfere with the surveillance cameras. Quicksilver steals a guard's uniform and makes his way to Magneto's prison, where he vibrates his hands at a resonant frequency to shatter the glass ceiling. The two make their way to a kitchen when they confront Logan and Charles. Charles immediately punches Erik, who comments that it was nice to see him. Just then guards burst through the door and draw their weapons. Erik asks Charles to use his powers to stop the men but Charles replies that he can't. The guards open fire and Erik gets ready to kill them, ignoring Charles' pleas not to. Before anything can happen, we experience a scene from the perspective of Quicksilver with time almost standing still. He uses his enhanced speed to comically knock out the guards and redirect the bullets in flight. Charles, Erik, Hank, and Logan are aboard a plane en route to Paris to stop Raven from assassinating Trask. Things get heated between Charles and Erik as Charles accuses Erik of taking the things that were most precious away from him. Erik in turn asks where Charles was when they came for Angel, Banshee, Azazel, and Emma Frost. He shouts that they were taken, experimented on and killed and that both he and Charles were supposed to protect them. (It is implied that Trask was responsible.) During this heated exchange, Erik almost causes the plane to crash before calming down. In a French nightclub, Mystique seduces a Vietnamese army official whom she plans to impersonate to get to Trask. Back on the plane, Erik says that he was not the one who killed JFK. He claims that he was trying to save him, his reasoning being that JFK was a fellow mutant. Erik apologizes to Charles about how things have played out during the last decade and the two begin to play chess. Trask enters a conference room full of officials of various governments and tries to convince them of the threat posed by mutants. Having been turned down by the US government, he is exploring other sources of funding for his sentinel program. During the presentation, he demonstrates how his robots are made without one ounce of metal and goes on to describe their ability to distinguish mutants from non mutants. He pulls out a hand-held detector that can sense the Mutant X gene in people; it begins to go off. Mystique's cover has been blown -- she has disguised herself as the Vietnamese officer she seduced -- and she begins to take out many of the men in the room. Enter Logan, Charles, and Erik, who stop Mystique just before she can shoot Trask. Charles tries to explain everything to Mystique and persuade her to drop the gun. She is defiant and Erik strips the gun from her. He then does the unthinkable and aims it at her. She is a threat to all mutants because her DNA can lead to the creation of the sentinels of the future. Erik believes that it is too risky for her to remain alive. Raven pleads with Charles to use his powers to stop Erik, unaware that he is powerless. Meanwhile, upon seeing Stryker, who is also at the meeting, Logan begins to lose himself emotionally in a flashback to the experiments performed on him during the Weapon X Program; he falls into a sort of coma as his connection between future and past is disrupted. His body in the future thrashes and extends its claws, injuring Kitty Pryde, who struggles to reconnect the link through time. Logan comes to in Paris, doesn't recognize anyone or know where he is, and is told by Charles that someone gave him some bad acid. He passes out again. Hank tackles Erik but fails to stop him from firing the gun. Mystique jumps out the window but Erik is able to guide the bullet to follow her; it hits her in the leg. Outside, crowds of people with cameras capture images of a wounded Mystique running away. They watch as Magneto levitates outside and drags Mystique to him, the bullet still stuck in her leg. He pulls the bullet from her body, ready to finish her off with it, when a transformed Beast attacks him. Onlookers watch in horror as Beast strangles Magneto under water. Mystique uses this time to escape the area and seek medical treatment. Magneto restrains Beast using some metal ornaments from the fountain and makes an escape as well. Logan regains consciousness -- memories intact this time -- and he and Charles rendezvous with Hank and leave for the mansion to plan their next move. The media is now in a panic because of the footage of mutants creating mayhem in public. In a tense, crowded Oval Office meeting, Richard Nixon gives Trask the green light to proceed with his sentinel program. Trask says that he can have eight sentinels operational soon. Nixon want to hold a press conference to unveil the sentinels and reassure the American public that he can protect them from the mutant threat. In a crowded Metro station, Mystique ambushes Magneto, pressing a small pointed piece of plastic to his throat. He claims that he no longer wants to kill her. He notes that their previous encounter left Mystique's blood on the pavement, which Trask has undoubtedly already obtained. They go their separate ways. Upon entering the mansion, Charles' legs give way and he falls to the ground and starts hearing people's thoughts. Hank rushes to get him his serum. Charles says that he doesn't take the serum to walk, he takes it to stop the voices he keeps hearing. He is tired of having to feel and hear all of the pain that mutants and humans are experiencing. Logan convinces Charles to not take the serum, exclaiming that he needs the professor to have his powers; it's the only way to find Raven before she can make another attempt to kill Trask. They proceed to use cerebro to try and locate Raven, but Charles is overwhelmed by all the noise he has been keeping out for the past 10 years. Logan pleads with Charles to try and read his mind. He does so and sees all of the pain and trauma that Logan has experienced through his lifetime. He sees glimpses of the future and has a telepathic conversation with his future self. His future self reassures Charles that there will always be pain but that it is his gift to use that pain to help others. He shows a younger Charles images of what he will accomplish and how he will use his power to bring hope to others in their most dire times. This is just what Charles needed to bring him focus. He tries locating Mystique again. Back at a Trask facility, a preliminary analysis of Mystique's blood holds promise for Trask, who demands that she be captured. They will need to harvest her brain tissue, spinal fluid, and bone marrow. Outside, the Mark I sentinels are loaded aboard a train for their trip to Washington DC; Magneto sneaks aboard the train while it speeds toward its destination. While in motion, Magneto rips the metal from the tracks as they pass over them. He manipulates the metal into small strands which he laces throughout the non-metallic bodies of the sentinels. At an airport, Charles uses random people as avatars to urge Mystique to stop her mission. Charles is not yet strong enough to mentally stop Mystique as she resists his mental probes. He fails to stop her and he, along with Hank and Logan, depart for Washington DC for the press conference. Magneto enters a secure facility holding two large ball bearings. He uses the bearings to incapacitate three guards and opens a vault. In the vault we see several artifacts: Havok's X-Men suit, one of Angel's wings, and Magneto's helmet. He is here for the helmet, which he takes. In the future, Kitty is losing a lot of blood. Standing guard outside, Warpath spots multiple sentinel ships heading their way. The mutants make their preparations for a final defense; Kitty, Iceman, Professor X, and Wolverine shelter inside while the others guard outside. Back in the past, Magneto levitates a sports stadium and moves it towards the press event on the White House lawn at which President Nixon will present Trask's sentinels. Hank, Logan, and Charles are there amongst the crowd trying to find Mystique. Nixon addresses the nation and drops the curtains, unveiling the sentinels to the public to much applause. Charles finally spots Mystique impersonating a secret serviceman and freezes her in place before she can pull her gun. Charles has a conversation with her telepathically, trying to persuade her that she was not always so quick to kill and that the Raven that he knew was incapable of doing so. All of a sudden the sentinels roar to life to the shock of Trask and the others. They fire at the police cars and it is apparent that Magneto is controlling them. Trask, Nixon, and other VIPs flee to an underground bunker. Simultaneously, the battle in the future is erupting as well. Storm uses lightning and wind to crash some of the sentinel transporters. Bishop shoots his rifle through portals created by Blink to take out a few sentinels. Magneto takes the X-Jet and modifies in into an explosive, using Storm to charge it with a bolt of lightning. It explodes sending shrapnel everywhere, decimating much of the sentinel force. Magneto is wounded in the resulting explosion by a piece of shrapnel in his abdomen. The mutants take a sigh of relief, believing the battle to be over. It is not, however, and a sentinel sneaks up behind Storm, stabbing her and throwing her off a cliff as more sentinels flood the mutant stronghold. In the past, Magneto arrives at the press event and drops the stadium around it. He has created a concrete barrier around the White House to prevent any escape. Charles is pinned by debris in the chaos. Magneto posts seven of the sentinels atop the stadium walls to guard the perimeter and leaves one to engage Wolverine and Beast, ordering the sentinel to do what it was designed to do. The sentinel identifies the two as mutants and attacks. Wolverine is unable to inflict any damage against the sentinel with his bone claws and merely distracts it long enough for Beast to jump on its back and rip out its circuitry. While this is going on we see that Nixon, Trask and company are locked securely in their bunker. Trask's mutant detector begins to go off. Before anything can happen, the room begins to shake; Magneto is ripping the safe room from its foundation. In the future, the mutants are dying one by one. Colossus is ripped in half by multiple sentinels. Bishop is bombarded by three of them with energy beams, overcharging him until he explodes. Warpath is killed after a sentinel grabs him, slowly moving the mutant's face into the path of its energy beam. One sentinel forms diamond skin like that of Emma Frost to overcome Sunspot's flames and cuts off one of his arms. He fights back but is flanked by another sentinel who stabs him with claws that resemble Lady Deathstrike's. Magneto, realizing the end is near, uses the last of his strength to apply metal reinforcements to the entrance of the building. Before the sentinels can kill him, Blink transports him inside. As the last line of defense outside, Blink puts up a valiant effort to hold the sentinels at bay but is stabbed by many of them. The sentinels then begin breaking through Magneto's barrier and Iceman leaves to reinforce it with ice. In the past, Wolverine charges at Magneto. In defense, Magneto hurls debris at Wolverine and stops his assault with a large block of concrete to the back. He then proceeds to force rebar all throughout Wolverine's body, lifting him in the air and throwing him hundred of meters into the Potomac River, where he apparently drowns. Beast is thrown from the back of the sentinel into a wrecked car. Magneto has now fully excavated the metal safe room and ripped off its door. He aims news cameras at himself and addresses the world. He explains that the sentinels were created out of fear for how dangerous mutants could be. He says that they should be scared and proclaims that a new order will be established with mutants in control, threatening to kill everyone in the safe room. Nixon emerges from the safe room, urging Magneto to kill him if he wants but to let the rest of the people go. "Nixon" is actually Mystique in disguise with a gun behind her back. The sentinel targeting Beast rips through the car and is ready to finish him off but Beast is able to inject himself with his serum in time to change back into normal. The sentinel thinks Hank isn't a mutant anymore and proceeds to find new targets, Magneto and Mystique are in its sights. The sentinel charges and Magneto begins tearing the robot limb from limb. Mystique uses this moment an takes a shot at Magneto with the metal-less gun. He is hit non-fatally in the neck causing him to lose focus. She is able to knock him out during his brief moment of weakness and remove his helmet. Charles uses his power to pacify Magneto and it is obvious he has lost. Attention turns to Mystique, who is aiming her gun at Trask, saying that he is a monster for the cruel things he has done to her friends. Xavier stops her and makes one final plea to Mystique, saying that he has hope that she will do the right thing. He points out that right now she is a hero in the public eye. He relinquishes control over her, saying that the future is in her hands now. In the future, the sentinels have breached the room and killed Iceman with energy beams. They confront the last of the survivors and fire killing shots at the group, which includes Xavier, Kitty, and the still unconscious Logan. Just before the shots can reach them, everyone on screen disappears. Mystique has dropped the gun in the past and decided not to kill Trask. Magneto remarks that if he is turned in, they will kill him. Xavier agrees and releases control of him, allowing Magneto to levitate and flee. Newspapers run headlines saying that a mutant saved the president, that the sentinel program was being shut down, and that Trask was being indicted for treason. Flash to the future where Logan is waking up at the mansion. He hears schoolchildren outside and realizes that the plan worked. He is surprised to see Storm, Iceman, Rogue, and Beast all alive. He encounters Jean Gray. He is awestruck that she is real and doesn't understand why she is alive. Scott Summers appears and is dumbfounded by Logan's happiness at seeing them all. Logan sees Xavier and tells him it worked. Xavier welcomes him back and begins to explain what has happened in the years from 1973 to the future that Logan has missed. In a voice-over, Xavier explains that events can cause ripples through the river of time and when enough ripples are created, the flow of the river can be changed. Back in the past we see that Logan's body was recovered by military personel. He comes back to life aboard the boat with an army official asking William Stryker what he would like to do with him. Stryker replies that he will take him. As the scene cuts away we see that it is actually Mystique disguised as Stryker. In a post-credits scene, a skinny bluish mutant, robed and hooded, stands atop a structure. Hundreds of people are bowing to him and chanting his name -- En Sabah Nur -- as he uses his powers to levitate ancient pyramids into place. We see four people on horseback covered in black as the scene fades to black: Apocalypse and his Four Horsemen. 