nm0001387:

 Loaded Weapon 1 (1993)Summaries A spoof on Lethal Weapon (1987) , other movies, TV commercials etc. 2 unlike LA cops investigate a cocaine in girl scout cookies case. In the wake of his former partner's gruesome murder, the experienced LAPD Detective, Wes Luger, finds himself following a faint trail of crumbs, in the last, and most important, case of his career. Now, to catch the elusive killer, Wes reluctantly teams up with Jack Colt, a grieving loner and loose cannon, and no movie franchise is safe--including Lethal Weapon (1987) , Dirty Harry (1971) , Die Hard (1988) , and The Silence of the Lambs (1991) . Before long, the seductively cryptic owner of the Wilderness Girls Cookie factory, Miss Demeanor, becomes embroiled in a dangerous criminal conspiracy orchestrated by the nefarious Vietnam War veteran, General Mortars, and the bullets start flying. Can the mismatched duo thwart ruthless Mortars' master plan? Do they deserve a sequel? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Necessary Roughness (1991)Summaries Due to NCAA sanctions, the Texas State University Fightin' Armadillos must form a football team from their actual student body, with no scholarships to help, to play their football schedule. Due to NCAA sanctions, the Texas State University Fightin' Armadillos must form a football team from their actual student body, with no scholarships to help, to play their football schedule. With fewer players than most teams, the makeshift team must overcome obstacles that the best teams in the country couldn't deal with. Using a thirty-four-year-old quarterback, a female placekicker, and a gang of misfits, Ed "Straight Arrow" Genero must take his team to play the number one Texas Colts. Kevin <Kibble@vm.temple.edu> Paul Blake is a 34-year-old farmer who was once a star high-school football player, one of the best quarterbacks in Texas. Paul was forced to drop out of sight when his father died, leaving Paul with the family farm to run. Now, after a 16-year absence, he's lured back to football by his former coach, Wally "Rig" Riggendorf. Rig has recently been hired as assistant coach to head coach Ed Gennero, who has been hired by Texas State University to turn around the Texas State Armadillos -- a team that was placed on probation for corruption, and university president Carver Purcell wants results as soon as possible. The team that Gennero and Rig assemble includes a military fanatic who admires General Schwarzkopf, a physics instructor, a swift martial-arts champ named Eric "Samorai" Hansen, Andre Krimm, and a female kicker named Lucy Draper. On the field, Paul does his best to get himself back into shape, while he has to overcome the awkwardness he feels about attending college classes at his age. And Paul finds himself attracted to journalism professor Suzanne Carter. Paul, Gennero, also have to deal with Dean Phillip Elias, who wants to scrap the university's football program, and the Armadillos are out to beat the almost impossible odds of winning at least one game this season. Todd Baldridge It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Player (1992)651) A Hollywood studio executive is being sent death threats by a writer whose script he rejected, but which one? Events in the life of a Hollywood studio executive, unfold with the same unrealistic positive coincidences, ultimately culminating to a "happy ending", much like the movie scripts, with which he works day in and out, after he accidentally murders someone. Abhay Bhatt Griffin Mill, a Hollywood movie studio Vice President in charge of securing story ideas from writers which entails listening to a series of twenty-five second pitches day after day, is facing several issues in his life. He is in a so-called serious relationship with one of his story editors Bonnie Sherow, a woman who he deep down doesn't even really like, and who is probably smarter than he is when it comes to the work of their department. Rumors abound that he will soon be demoted or perhaps even fired and replaced by Larry Levy, a younger, more ambitious executive from another studio. But probably the worst issue is that he has been receiving death threats from an anonymous source, always via handwritten postcards usually making their way to his desk via the studio's mail system. All he knows is that the threats are coming from a writer he had pissed off in the past by not getting back to him after a story pitch as he said he would do. Griffin believes that the person making the threats is David Kahane, a writer he had only met once at a pitch meeting. As such, Griffin decides to find David, and slowly confront him about the threats. At that meeting, Griffin physically assaults and kills David outside a movie theater in Pasadena. After David's dead body is discovered, Detective Avery with the Pasadena Police Department leads the murder investigation, which could be a problem for Griffin, as he was known to have met with David the evening of the murder. Who may be more involved in what has been happening to Griffin may be the tall, slim man he has seen follow him of late, but who he does not recognize. What complicates the situation even more is that Griffin is attracted at first sight to June Gudmundsdottir, David's less than mourning girlfriend, who in turn ultimately falls for Griffin. The question becomes whether Griffin's collective story will end the way of all the movies that comes out of his studio, namely happily ever after. Huggo A studio script screener gets on the bad side of a writer by not accepting his script. The writer is sending him threatening postcards. The screener tries to identify the writer in order to pay him off so he'll be left alone, and then in a case of mistaken identity gone awry, he accidentally gives the writer solid ammunition for blackmail. This plot is written on a backdrop of sleazy Hollywood deals and several subplots involving the politics of the industry. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Griffin Mill is a studio executive who is responsible for accepting or rejecting the pitches for potential feature films. With his career on the line and the impending possibility that he might be replaced by a rival upstart, Griffin now finds his life threatened by an anonymous screenwriter whose pitch he rejected long ago. Drawn into a web of blackmail and murder, Griffin must evade the police investigation that he caused. But he must also watch his back, because in Hollywood, there's always another person to take your place. monkeykingma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Griffin Mill (Tim Robbins) is a studio executive dating story editor Bonnie Sherow (Cynthia Stevenson). He hears story pitches from screenwriters and decides which have the potential to be made into films, green-lighting only 12 out of 50,000 submissions every year. His job is endangered when up-and-coming story executive Larry Levy (Peter Gallagher) begins working at the studio. Mill has also been receiving death-threatening postcards, assumed to be from a screenwriter whose pitch he rejected. Mill surmises that the disgruntled writer is David Kahane (Vincent D'Onofrio). Mill lurks around Kahane's home and is told by Kahane's girlfriend, June Gudmundsdottir (Greta Scacchi), whom he watches while talking to her on the phone, that Kahane is at a showing of 'The Bicycle Thief'. Mill goes to the theater, pretending to recognize Kahane in the lobby after the film, and offers him a scriptwriting deal, hoping this will stop the threats. The two go to a nearby bar and have some drinks. Kahane gets intoxicated and rebuffs Mills offer; he calls Mill a liar, pointing out that he knows Mill didn't really go to the theater to see 'The Bicycle Thief' because Kahane saw Mill wander in late and only catch the last five minutes of it, and denies responsibility for sending Mill the postcards. Kahane continues goading Mill about his job security at the studio. In the bar's parking lot the two men fight. Mill loses his balance and falls, and feeling threatened, kills Kahane, then makes the death look like a robbery gone wrong. The next day, Mill receives another postcard. Mill attends Kahanes funeral and gets along with June; she knows none of the other mourners. Studio chief of security Walter Stuckel (Fred Ward) confronts Mill about the murder and says that the police know Mill was the last one to see Kahane alive. Detectives Avery (Whoopi Goldberg) and DeLongpre (Lyle Lovett) suspect Mill is guilty of murder. They question him and DeLongpre keeps an eye on him. Mill receives a postcard from the writer suggesting they meet at a club. While Mill is waiting, he is cornered by two screenwriters who pitch Habeas Corpus, a serious legal drama featuring no major stars and with a depressing ending. Mill's stalker never shows up for the meeting. Leaving the club, Mill receives a fax in his Range Rover from the stalking writer, advising him to look under his raincoat, where he discovers a live rattlesnake, whereby he stops the car and flees. The brush with death makes Griffin Mill realize he has feelings for June. Having persuaded Bonnie to leave for New York on studio business, Mill takes June to a Hollywood awards banquet and their relationship blossoms. Apprehensive that Larry Levy continues encroaching on his job, Mill phones Levy and invites the two writers to pitch Habeas Corpus. Mill convinces Levy that the scenario is good and the movie will be an Oscar contender. Mill's plan is to let Levy shepherd the film through production and have it flop. Mill will step in at the last moment, suggesting some changes to salvage the films box office, letting him reclaim his position at the studio. Mill asks June to go away with him to Acapulco, and Bonnie confronts him about his relationship with June. At the airport, Griffin discovers DeLongpre with police officers patrolling the terminal. He pretends to have left his passport at home and suggests a change of plans to June, and the pair head for an isolated desert resort and spa. During their weekend, Griffin and June consummate their relationship. Mill receives a call from his attorney, who informs him that studio head Joel Levison (Brion James) has been fired, and the police want Mill to participate in a lineup. An elderly eyewitness has come forward who claims to have seen the murder and can identify the assailant. Mill gains a reprieve when the witness fails to identify him in the lineup. One year later. Studio power players are watching the end of Habeas Corpus with a new, tacked-on, upbeat "Hollywood" ending. Mill's plan to "save" the movie has worked and he is head of the studio. June is now Griffin's wife and pregnant with his child. Bonnie objects to the changes and is fired, a decision Griffin does not overrule; he rebuffs Bonnie when she appeals her termination to him. Mill receives a pitch over the phone from a man who reveals himself as the postcard writer. The man pitches an idea about a studio executive who kills a writer and gets away with murder. Mill recognizes the pitch as blackmail and gives the writer a deal. The writers title for the film is 'The Player'. 
 Alien from L.A. (1988)321) A young woman with a childish voice travels to Africa looking for her missing archaeologist father, and stumbles into a strange subterranean civilization. Nerdy social misfit Wanda Saknussemm is devastated when her boyfriend dumps her because she lacks a sense of adventure. Then she has been informed that her father, an archaeologist, has disappeared on an expedition in North Africa. She goes in search of her missing father and, before long, finds herself in a bizarre underground world where crazy subterranean creatures think she is a secret agent and want her dead. Thwarting them at every turn, Wanda discovers an inner strength she never knew she had before her arrival. But once the denizens of the underground have their way, she will never find her father - or see the light of day in sunny Malibu - again. MGM/UA Home Video Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland) is a nerdy social misfit with large glasses and an unusually squeaky voice who lives in Los Angeles and works at a diner. After being dumped by her boyfriend for not having a sense of adventure, Wanda is informed by a letter that her father, an archaeologist, fell into a bottomless pit and perished. She flies to North Africa and while going through her father's belongings, she finds his notes about Atlantis, apparently an alien spaceship that crashed millennia ago and sank into the center of the Earth. Wanda comes across a chamber beneath her father's apartment and accidentally sets off a chain of events that ultimately cause her to fall into a deep hole. An unharmed Wanda wakes up deep within the Earth to find Guten 'Gus' Edway (William R. Moses), a miner whom she protects from being slain by two people. Gus agrees to help Wanda find her father, whom she believes is alive and trapped underground. Wanda soon discovers that both she and her father are believed to be secret agents planning an invasion of Atlantis. During her adventures, Wanda's appearance changes from nerdy to attractive (by removing her glasses and using a steam vent to clean her skin). People from the surface world are believe to be aliens by the Atlanteans, who appear to be virtually identical to surface dwellers, and when Wanda is overheard speaking about Malibu Beach by a lowlife informant, she soon becomes a hunted woman and must dodge attempts at capture, both by the mysterious Government House and from thugs paid by the crime lord Mambino (Deep Roy). Wanda's attempts at escape are assisted by Charmin (Thom Mathews), a handsome rogue who (briefly) assists her flight and falls in love with Wanda. She is ultimately captured by the evil General Pykov, who wants to execute both Wanda and her incarcerated father. The Atlantean leader decides to free Wanda and her father, provided they remain quiet about Atlantis. Gus shows up and helps the duo escape while fighting off General Pykov and her soldiers. Wanda and her father board a ship that takes them back to the surface and the film ends with Wanda on the beach, wearing a bikini and a sarong. She refuses the advances of her ex-boyfriend and is soon reunited with Charmin, who inexplicably appears on a motorcycle. 