nm0003906:

 The Fugitive (1993)761) Dr. Richard Kimble, unjustly accused of murdering his wife, must find the real killer while being the target of a nationwide manhunt led by a seasoned U.S. Marshal. A well respected Chicago surgeon Dr. Richard Kimble has found out that his wife, Helen, has been murdered ferociously in her own home. The police found Kimble and accused him of the murder. Then, Kimble (without Justifiable Reason) was tried, convicted, and sentenced to death. However, on the way to prison, Kimble's transport crashed. Kimble escapes and is now on the run. Deputy Samuel Gerard from Chicago takes charge of the chase of Kimble. Meanwhile, Kimble takes up his own investigation to find who really killed his wife, and to lure Gerard and his team into it as well. John Wiggins Dr. Richard Kimble is a well-known surgeon based out of Chicago who returns home from work one night to find his wife Helen was murdered. The killer, a one-armed man, manages to escape before police arrive. With a lack of evidence pointing to the one-armed man, Kimble is arrested and charged with murder. On his way to prison, the bus he is in crashes, giving him the opportunity to escape. Kimble decides to find out who the real killer was and why his wife was murdered. Meanwhile, a US Marshal named Samuel Gerard and his team are tasked with finding Kimble and arresting him. However, the further he is to catching Kimble, the more Gerard is convinced he is innocent. Sam Wrongfully accused of murdering his wife, Richard Kimble escapes from the law in an attempt to find her killer and clear his name. Pursuing him is a team of U.S. marshals led by Deputy Samuel Gerard, a determined detective who will not rest until Richard is captured. As Richard leads the team through a series of intricate chases, he discovers the secrets behind his wife's death and struggles to expose the killer before it is too late. Jwelch5742 Wrongly convicted of murdering his wife, Dr. Richard Kimble escapes from a prison bus and tries to find out why she was killed and who the murderer really was. He is relentlessly pursued by Samuel Gerard, a U.S. Marshal, and is forced to keep out of contact from any friends or relatives. However, his determination and ingenuity soon produce results and he comes to the frightening realisation that he can trust no one. Graeme Roy <gsr@cbmamiga.demon.co.uk> Noted surgeon Richard Kimble is wrongfully accused, tried and convicted for the brutal murder of his wife. A failed escape attempt by other prisoners gives Kimble his opportunity to escape execution. The only option and purpose he has left is to discover who really murdered his wife and clear his name. On his trail is persistent US Marshal Samuel Gerard who slowly comes to believe that the original case might not be as clear cut as was first believed. John Weeks <J.T.Weeks1@student.derby.ac.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with flashes of the Chicago skyline and fight between an unidentified man and Helen Kimble (Sela Ward). In the struggle, Helen is killed when her assailant shoots her with the pistol they keep in their bedroom and then crushes part of her head with a heavy piece of decorative stone. The police turn up and find Helen dead on the floor. Forensics is hard at work in the room, documenting the murder scene. A man walks through a room and Dr. Richard Kimble (Harrison Ford), a prominent Chicago vascular surgeon, stands up with scratches on his neck and is escorted out the door. A reporter stands outside, telling the camera what's happened. Kimble climbs into the back of a police car. Richard is shown in an interview room with Detective Kelly (Ron Dean), and flashbacks show what he was doing just hours earlier. Kimble and his wife mingle with donors at a children's Research Aid Foundation fundraiser. Helen is surrounded by a group of men and Richard "rescues" her. They also exchange pleasantries with Richard's best friend and colleague Dr. Charles Nichols (Jerome Krabbe), who thanks Richard for letting him temporarily borrow his car. While driving home afterwards, Richard gets a call asking him to come into work for an emergency surgery operation, much to Helen's disappointment. Nonetheless, she says she'll wait up for him. Her voice echoes in the background as he sits in the interview room, another policeman walking into the room. The detectives interview Richard and ask him if anything unusual happened, and about the fight about the guy with one arm, as well as who has keys to his house. They ask if he'd seen any suspicious people following him or if he'd gotten any unusual phone calls in recent weeks or months. The detectives discuss the evidence in the observation room. Back in the interrogation room, the policemen ask Kimble about his wife's wealth and who the sole beneficiary of his wife's life insurance the policemen suspect Kimble: Helen was very wealthy and he'll come out well. Kimble insists he's innocent and the police keep interrogating him about the appearance of the one-armed thief. Their superior looks over the report and seeing that Kimble was the only witness and that his fingerprints were on the pistol used to shoot Helen, they decide to charge him with the murder. Kimble becomes more distraught and tells the detectives that he'd fought with Helen's killer and that the man had a mechanical arm. He yells for them to find him. Nonetheless, Kimble is arrested and put on trial. He is next shown in court, listening to the opposition's opening statement, while flashing back to the scene of the crime. Detective Kelly is in on the stand, and Kimble flashes back to when he entered the house after work. More questioning of another witness. Helen gasps for air as she manages to call 911. The opposing lawyer asks to play Helen's 911 emergency call, previously identified by the police dispatcher. Helen says that there's someone still in her house, trying to kill her. While this is going on, Kimble comes up the stairs and the killer hangs up the call. Kimble remembers struggling with the man & tearing away one of his sleeves, revealing a prosthetic arm. Despite his best efforts, Kimble is found guilty and remanded to Illinois State Penitentiary, where he'll wait to be put to death. Kimble is one of several convicts that are then chained up and put on a bus that will transport them to prison. When they're almost at the prison, one of the other convicts decides to stage a jailbreak by faking a seizure, foaming at the mouth. One of the officers approaches the man and is shanked by the convict with a shiv made by a sharpened tooth brush. The warden shoots two prisoners with a shotgun. When another prisoner tries to overpower him, an errant blast kills the driver, and the bus goes off the road at a bridge and rolls down the hill, landing on a railroad track. The warden demands that Kimble help the injured guard. Kimble demands to be released from his shackles in return. The warden throws him the keys and Kimble frees his wrists. Another convict, Copeland, grabs the keys and unlocks his own shackles and runs out on Kimble when the doctor asks him for help getting the injured out. It is then that Kimble sees the lights and hears a freight train approaching the wreck at speed. He manages to get the remaining survivors off the bus before the train plows into it at speed and derails. Copeland rescues and frees him and tells Kimble not to follow him. Kimble is wounded and needs medical attention, following the river bank. The county police and the Illinois State Police converge on the scene to begin investigating. They are later joined by a team of US Marshals, comprised of Deputy US Marshal Samuel Gerard (Tommy Lee Jones) and his associates Cosmo Renfro (Joe Pantoliano), Bobby Biggs (Daniel Roebuck), Noah Newman (Tom Wood), and Erin Poole (L. Scott Caldwell). The local police, headed by Sheriff Rawlins, seem to have things under control, and don't see any reason to cede jurisdiction to Gerard until Biggs discovers a set of leg irons that had been used by Kimble and don't have anyone attached to them. With Kimble unaccounted for, Gerard takes over the scene and orders a massive manhunt and dragnet with a 15 mile radius from the crash scene, encompassing every residence, business and hospital in the area. By the next morning, Kimble comes to a clearing under a bridge and steals a workman's coveralls, and finds his way to a hospital. Meanwhile, at the crash scene, Gerard's marshals have found a blood trail that might belong to Kimble, and Gerard orders that Kimble's mugshot be faxed to every local hospital in case he seeks treatment. There's a moment of chaos as the moment is interrupted when rescue workers extricate the guard who was shanked at the start of the jailbreak, and who has been trapped under the wreckage all night. Kimble gets to the hospital, and steals medical supplies to stitch his own wound. A state trooper is sent to the hospital and alerts the medical staff of Kimble's identity while Kimble stitches his wound up and steals an elderly patient's clothes. He has to hide in the closet as a nurse comes by on her rounds to tend to the patient. Once the nurse leaves, Kimble shaves his beard and combs his hair, and steals the patient's breakfast. He passes the same state trooper in the hallway, who quizzes Kimble about the escaped prisoner's whereabouts. Kimble is able to shrug off any "resemblance" he has to the escaped man the trooper describes by saying "Every time I look in the mirror, pal, except for the beard of course." As Kimble is leaving the hospital, an ambulance arrives with the wounded guard from the train wreck. The guard, while half-conscious, recognizes Kimble as he helps the paramedics unload the guard from the ambulance. Once the paramedics are gone, Kimble steals the ambulance. It isn't long before this information makes it back to Gerard, and the Marshals set off in pursuit of Kimble. Kimble abandons the ambulance at a dam, and escapes into a nearby drainage grating. In the tunnels, Sam separates himself from his team and slips while climbing down another tunnel. He loses his pistol which Kimble finds. While pointing the pistol at Sam, Kimble tells him he didn't kill his wife. Sam's curt response is "I don't care!" Kimble runs off while Sam pulls a spare pistol and continues after him. At a high drainage port, Kimble is trapped by Sam who orders him to drop the pistol and surrender. Kimble jumps, falling hundreds of feet into the river below. Sam is found by his team who immediately believe Kimble was killed in the fall. Sam refuses to believe it & tells them they have to find the body. Cosmo asks if they can go home, but Gerard is so hell-bent on catching Kimble that he refuses to believe Kimble is dead in the absence of a body. He orders dive teams dispatched to search the river for him, ignoring the protests of another trooper who says the odds of him surviving the fall are unlikely. The police search the woods with hounds, but come up with nothing. Kimble runs through the woods, but stops out of breath and collapses. He hides under some leaves and dreams about Helen making love to him, his trying to save her life, as well as his lawyer and the killer. He wakes up some hours later, and after wandering aimlessly for some time, runs into a good Samaritan who sees him walking along the side of a road and picks him up. Back in Chicago, Gerard and his team get a tip that they've got "him" shacked up with a woman in Whiting, Indiana who "left work tonight and took him home". The next morning, they head out to Whiting. Gerard and Newman pretend to be drunk passers-by while Biggs and Henry pose as garbage truck drivers, Poole poses as a homeless woman, and Cosmo poses as a plumber. As they prepare to break down the door, they put on patches identifying them as US Marshals and raid the house, which as it turns out is not where Kimble is hiding, but rather Copeland, the other survivor from the train wreck. As the Marshals sweep the house, Newman is taken hostage by Copeland. Gerard gets the drop on Copeland and shoots him, but in such close quarters ends up temporarily deafening Newman. Kimble makes it back to Chicago, where he tries to get in touch with his lawyer. His lawyer asks Kimble of his whereabouts, telling him that he cant harbor a criminal and he should turn himself in. Kimble lies and tells Walter that he's in St. Louis. The call is traced by the Marshals, who have a tap on Kimble's associates' phones, and despite Kimble's attempts at misdirection, they're still able to figure out he's back in Chicago when they recognize the sound of an 'L' train in the background and the sound of a bell on the Wells Street Bridge. In desperation, Kimble decides to reach out to Dr. Charles Nichols (Jeroen Krabbe) as he exits the North Bank Club and gets back into his car. Nichols gives some money to Kimble, but is forced to drive off when a cop orders him to keep moving. Gerard and his colleagues discuss why Kimble may have killed his wife, and pay a visit to the Chicago Police Department detectives who conducted the original investigation. Gerard is skeptical of the detectives' claims that Kimble killed his wife for the money, pointing out that he already was making a ton of money as one of the top surgeons in the city, but the detectives insist that Helen "was more rich". Gerard decides to have Kimble's friends brought in for questioning as a precaution. First up is Nichols, who openly admits to Kimble's visit that morning, but when asked as to where Kimble may be hiding, claims "If you want help, gentlemen, you've come to the wrong man; Richard is innocent. You'll never find him; he's too smart." Next up is Dr. Kathy Wahlund (Jane Lynch), who starts off by proclaiming her belief that Kimble is innocent and says that she'd help Kimble if he came to her, but that's not his style While this happens, Kimble rents a basement apartment from an old Polish woman. That night, he goes to the Cook County Hospital, and stealing the ID tags of a maintenance worker named Jose Ruiz Desmondo, finds his way to the prosthetics department. Kimble reads a medical report on a man who has half of his arm missing and starts doing research. He takes home a book called Atlas of Limb Prosthetics: Surgical, Prosthetic, and Rehabilitation Principles by the American Academy of Orthopedics. That night, Kimble has more nightmares of his wife's death, and dreams of the scene of the crime. Unlike other nightmares, he tries to focus more on what he remembers of the prosthetic limb, hoping to find clues to narrow down the man in question. Unfortunately for Kimble, it turns out that one of the neighbors upstairs is a drug dealer, and this only becomes clear to him when he's rousted from his nightmare by the sounds of the police arriving to arrest the dealer. Even worse, when they question him at the station, the dealer snitches on Kimble in hopes of gaining leniency, and this information is passed on to Gerard. Kimble returns to the hospital and uses his janitor disguise to break into the prosthetics department and access the database. Recalling what he remembers about the prosthetic, he's able to narrow down his suspects list to five names. Things get hectic as the hospital suddenly receives a major influx of patients from a bus crash, including several children. In the chaos, Kimble has to be deputized to help move patients to different operating rooms. He is assigned to a boy who is having breathing difficulties and examines his chart, which doesn't go unnoticed by Dr. Anne Eastman (Julianne Moore), the resident ER doctor. While on the staff elevator, Kimble corrects the patient's diagnosis on the forms, and takes him to a different ward than assigned so that he can undergo a life-saving operation. Kimble is quickly found out by Dr. Eastman, and is forced to flee when she confronts him. Gerard and his Marshals show up shortly thereafter, just as Kimble is leaving out a back door. Learning from Dr. Eastman that Kimble's last minute decision saved the patient's life, Cosmo expresses disbelief that Kimble would hang around a hospital where lots of cops are stationed. The conversation is interrupted when a man with half an arm squeezes past them, and makes his way to the prosthetics clinic. This gives Gerard an idea: Kimble is probably looking for the one-armed man using hospital records. Kimble and Gerard both begin working through lists of patients with prosthetic arms and criminal records. Kimble's search is a bit narrower since he's only got a few names, vs. Gerard's team who have 47 hits. Kimble's first name, Matthew Zelick, turns out to be a dead end as he is deceased. The second one, Clive Driscoll, seems more promising, as he's been arrested for armed robbery. He goes to the jail to find Clive Driscoll, at the same time Gerard goes there. Upon sitting down with Clive, Kimble realizes he's not the individual responsible for Helen's death and leaves. As Kimble leaves, he's recognized by a guard, and moments later, he's spotted by Gerard while escaping down another staircase. Gerard tries to give chase, but Kimble temporarily stalls him by tricking some police officers into restraining him. The Marshals attempt to give chase as Kimble flees into the St. Patrick's Day parade, but Kimble manages to escape. Gerard and the Chicago police detectives are forced to hold a press conference. Gerard has no affirmative answers for the reporters, while Detective Kelly's response to questions that allege Kimble is innocent, is that Kimble is guilty because he was convicted by the court of law. Kimble obtains some new clothes and continues his suspect search. His search leads him to a man named Frederick Sykes. Narrowly avoiding a police officer parked outside Sykes' building, Kimble breaks in to Sykes' apartment. Searching through his possessions, Kimble finds photographs of Sykes, and the prosthetic arm Sykes wears, and instantly recognizes Sykes as the real killer, and remembers damaging the arm when he threw Sykes down the stairs during the fight at his house. What's more alarming to Kimble is that in some of the pictures, Sykes is posing with Alec Lentz, the doctor that Nichols had introduced him to at the benefit. Kimble goes through Sykes's medical file and finds multiple forms from Devlin MacGregor Pharmaceuticals, who were sponsoring the benefit, as well as documents pertaining to a cruise in the Caribbean. He also remembers a discussion about the pharmaceutical company's drugs that he had during the surgery. Knowing he's got his man, Kimble makes a call to Gerard at the Marshal's office, and leaves the line off the hook so that the Marshals will trace the call and apartment. They raid the apartment and find Kimble's fingerprints, but no sign of Kimble. Sykes denies knowing Kimble when Gerard questions him about it, and provides an alibi for the night of the murder. Gerard and Cosmo quickly surmise that Sykes is lying about not knowing Kimble, and Gerard tasks Cosmo with identifying the man who's with Sykes in the photograph. Kimble gets in touch with Nichols about what he found, and his conclusion that his wife's death wasn't the result of a burglary gone bad, but a conspiracy by Devlin MacGregor and Dr. Lentz to kill him for raising questions about new drugs they were pushing. To Kimble's surprise, he learns from Nichols that Lentz is dead, having died in a car accident over the summer. Nonetheless, Kimble refuses to give up and gets in contact with some other colleagues of his. Gerard and his team question Nichols again, this time about Kimble and Sykes. Nichols accuses Gerard of getting pretty desperate. Curiously, he denies knowing Lentz when shown the picture of Lentz posing with Sykes. When they blow up the picture at their offices, they find a label on Lentz's shirt labeled Chicago Memorial Hospital, to which Devlin MacGregor Pharmacuticals is a successful benefactor. Kimble approaches an old hospital contact of his named Bones, who gets him a liver sample that originated from a patient on the RDU-90 drug study. He also gets another sample (the last one) from January 21st, and Kimble promises to get everything back to him, while putting it into an envelope. He takes the sample to Dr. Wahlund for analysis. She embraces him and agrees to analyze the samples with him through a microscope. They're not the same tissue, yet they came from the same, very healthy liver. Analyzing the reports, they also realize that Dr. Lentz died August 21st, and half of the samples that he approved were signed for the day of his death. Kimble realizes that someone else with access must have been manipulating them. Getting a pretty good idea who might have been responsible, Kimble leaves to "visit a friend". Sykes, meanwhile, gets a call from his employer, telling him to deal with Kimble. Since the police are sitting on his residence, he can't get away unnoticed, so he sets off a fire alarm to summon the fire department. The confusion caused by the fire department arriving distracts the cops and allows Sykes to slip out, unnoticed, carrying his gun. Newman and Biggs identify Lentz, and learn about his death. They visit Bones at Chicago Memorial Hospital to question him, at the same time that Sykes goes there. Bones denies having been in contact with Kimble, and while the questioning is going on, Sykes hides from them in the shadows of the lab. Gerard is getting a headache as Cosmo calls to note that Bones had no information on where Kimble was going, beyond supplying him tissue samples for a drug study. Newman adds, over the phone, that the release was approved by Dr. Nichols, who was Lentz's boss. Cosmo speculates that he was covering for Kimble, and Gerard orders the CPD to go there instantly, to sweep the place, while also sending men to apprehend Dr. Nichols. Sykes contacts Nichols from a payphone to report his failure at finding Kimble at the hospital, but drops the call when he spots Kimble walking nearby. Gerard pins the picture of Sykes and Lentz to a board while Cosmo reads off an article about Lentz and his accident. It is then that Gerard gets a lead when one of his colleagues cross-checks Sykes' telephone records. He's made no calls to Kimble. But upon cross-checking Kimble's phone records, it turns out that someone called Sykes at 7:30pm on the night of Helen's murder from Kimble's car phone, at a time when Kimble was still at the gala with Helen. Gerard double-checks Kimbles arrest records and cross-checks the call. He's then notified by Poole that Sykes has managed to evade police and is likely looking for Kimble. Kimble boards the 'L' to head to a presentation that Nichols is presiding over at a nearby hotel. As he nears his destination, Sykes enters from an adjoining car and draws his gun on him. His attempt to eliminate Kimble is interrupted when a transit cop appears and tries to draw on Kimble. Sykes kills the cop, at which point Kimble pulls the emergency brake and fights Sykes, overpowering him and knocking him out. He handcuffs Sykes to one of the handrailings in the car and takes his gun, evading police as they arrive in response to an "officer down" call. Kimble goes to the Hilton Tower Mall where Nichols is giving a presentation. Kimble interrupts Nichols' speech, accusing him of falsifying medical research and orchestrating the murder of Kimble's wife. They fight on the hotel roof before falling through a skylight into a laundry room. Having arrived on the scene, Gerard calls out to Kimble that he knows about Nichols' conspiracy. Nichols knocks out Cosmo with an I-beam, takes his gun, and attempts to shoot Gerard. Kimble attacks Nichols from behind with a pipe, knocking him unconscious and saving Gerard's life. Kimble surrenders to Gerard, who escorts him out of the hotel. Sykes and Nichols are arrested. Kimble is driven from the crime scene by Gerard, who now knows he is innocent. 
 National Lampoon's Vacation (1983)541) The Griswold family's cross-country drive to the Walley World theme park proves to be much more arduous than they ever anticipated. Having it all planned down to the last detail, the American, well-meaning paterfamilias, Clark Griswold, and his supportive wife, Ellen, take their two teenage children, Rusty and Audrey, on a cross-country trip from the suburbs of Chicago, all the way to sunny California's Walley World amusement park. However, anything that can go wrong will go wrong, and before long, Ellen's cousin, Catherine, and her husband, Eddie, enter the picture, and Clark is on the verge of blowing a gasket. Now, Roy Walley's wonderful park seems so far away, and even though the prospect of a clandestine meeting with the alluring blonde in a fast, 1981 Ferrari 308 GTSi sounds tempting, Clark must do the right thing, and find the promised land. How hard can it be to have the perfect vacation? Nick Riganas The Griswold family, father Clark W., wife Ellen, daughter Audrey and son Rusty, set out in high spirit to spend their vacation driving cross-country from Chicago to a glorious climax in Walley World on the West Coast. The trip which Clark planned down to the minute, slowly loses its smoothness from the moment the first grain of sand gets in. A meeting with constantly-in-debt, simple-minded cousin Eddie results in the Griswold family giving cantankerous aunt Edna a lift to Phoenix. Of course, the Griswolds receive one strike of bad luck after another. But Clark promised his beloved family the best vacation ever. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Follows the Griswold family, Clark and Ellen along with their two children Rusty and Audrey, as they venture westward from the suburbs of Chicago to the Disneyland-like theme park, Walley World. Clark has planned the trip down the last detail, including seeing the world's largest ball of twine. However, Clark's pursuit of adventure is matched by his dimwitted bumbling, leading to a vacation his family will not soon forget. Rick Gregory <rag.apa@email.apa.org> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Clark Griswold (Chevy Chase) is a food processing salesman living in Chicago, Illinois who wants to spend more time with wife Ellen (Beverly D'Angelo) and his teen children Rusty (Anthony Michael Hall) and Audrey (Dana Barron). So, he decides to lead the family on a cross-country expedition from Chicago to the Los Angeles amusement park, "Walley World", billed as "America's Favorite Family Fun Park". In the opening scene, Clark and Rusty drive to a local car dealer lot where he decides to purchase a new sports wagon for the cross-country drive. But the conniving salesman Ed (Eugene Levy), tells him that the car he ordered never arrived and scams Clark into taking in its place a more gas-guzzling, technically failing, behemoth station wagon called the Wagon Queen Family Truckster. Clark refuses to be conned, but after his old station wagon is "accidentally" crushed by a compacter machine, Clark is left with no choice but to take the Family Truckster. At home, although Ellen tells Clark that she wants to fly to California for their two-week vacation, he insists on driving, so he can bond with his family. The next day, the family packs into their new car for the long drive to California, only to have all their luggage strapped to the top of the station wagon fall off after they back out of the garage... a bad omen of things to come. During the first day's drive, Clark and Ellen try to ease the boredom by singing old folk songs including the so-called Wally World National Anthem. Rusty and Audrey take their escape by listening to their radio Walkman's of their favorite rock group The Ramones. While stopping for gas, Clark cannot find the gas tank opening, and accidentally tears off the station wagon's license plate searching for it. Later that same day, the family arrives in St. Louis, Missouri, but after crossing the Mississippi River into the city, they get lost and end up in a rough ghetto area where some local street hoodlums steal their hubcaps and spray paint graffiti on one side of their car while giving them sham directions back to the local expressway. While driving late at night on the interstate west of St. Louis, all of the family falls asleep... including Clark driving in which their car exits the road and roars through a residential neighborhood, tearing up several yards, before stopping for the night at a local motel. Clark has planned a romantic evening at the motel with Ellen with wine and quarters for the vibrating mattress, but the mattress is loud and starts bouncing wildly. Clark pulls blankets onto the floor and they crawl under the covers, ready for sex. The kids rush in from the connecting room to investigate the noise. Rusty unplugs the bed before the kids go back to their room. On the second day of the vacation (Day 2), the family arrives in Dodge City, Kansas without further incident where Clark falls victim to another tourist trap when he insults the local bartender at a Western-themed tavern, and gets shot with a round of blanks. Back on the road, Clark is tempted by a hot young woman (Christie Brinkley) driving a flashy red 1983 Ferrari 308 GTS, with a California license place that reads LUV ME. That afternoon, the Griswolds arrive at a farm outside of Coolidge, Kansas to visit Ellen's cousin Catherine (Miriam Flynn) and her eccentric husband Eddie Johnston (Randy Quaid), and their five kids, plus one on the way, creating more tension among the Griswolds. Catherine and Eddie foist crotchety old Aunt Edna (Imogene Coca) and her vicious dog, Dinky, on the Griswolds, asking them to drop her off at her son Normy's home in Phoenix, Arizona. Eddie also asks for a loan of $500 to help him out with numerous debits he owns the local bank and many bill collectors. The kids have better experiences with Eddie and Catherine's eldest kids. Cousin Vicki (Jane Krakowski) shows Audrey her secret pot stash, while Cousin Dale (John Navin) shows Rusty his secret porn magazine collection. The next day (Day 3), the Griswolds along with Aunt Edna and Dinky drive off. During a picnic stop in Colorado, Clark has another encounter with the young woman in the red Ferrari whom is parked and dancing to pop music. The Griswolds stop for the night in a run-down campground in South Fork, Colorado where they survive another tourist trap for the night as well as deal with Edna's vicious dog. The next day (Day 4), the Griswalds and Aunt Edna pack up and leave the campground for Arizona. But while packing the car, Clark forgets to untie the nasty Dinky from the car's rear bumper before leaving. Clark does not realize his error until he is pulled over by a local motorcycle cop (James Keach) to angrily inform him of his mistake that has led to the apparent death of the dog. Never less, the policeman, overcome by his own memory of his childhood dog, allows Clark to proceed on his way. During the drive, Clark again sees the young woman driving the red Ferrari while everyone else is asleep. Tempted to keep speed with her, Clark accelerates & almost has an accident. Subsequently, one of the suitcases falls off the car, which contains all of Ellen's credit cards. The next day (Day 5), the family gets lost on a back road somewhere in Arizona where while Clark and Ellen argue, they accidentally drive off the road, missing a large roadblock and get into an accident, damaging the Wagon Queen Family Truckster. Clark hikes off into the desert and spends many hours wondering aimlessly in the hot and arid desert until he finds a gas station... only to find the family there after they were rescued by some local Indians whom had a camel to tow their car to the very station. After making some half-hearted repairs, the redneck mechanic (Mickey Jones), who also happens to be the local sheriff, scams Clark out of all the money he has on him (over $500 for the repairs). But they manage to get to the Grand Canyon Village to check in for the night. The next day (Day 6), the frustrated Clark realizes that in reporting Ellen's lost credit cards to their hometown bank, the bank had frozen Clark's credit cards by accident, and Clark cannot convince the stuffy hotel clerk to take a check to pay for their rooms for the night. With the desk clerk distracted for a few minutes, Clark steals all the cash in the hotel's cash register, leaves behind the $1,000 check, and flees the hotel like a Wild West bank robber, grabs the family away from the scenic sight of the Grand Canyon, and speeds away. Continuing through Arizona, they find that Aunt Edna passed away in her sleep. With little options, they decide to drive to Phoenix anyway and deliver her to her son Normy's house (with the dead Aunt Edna tied to the roof of their car). When they reach Normy's home that evening in a raging thunderstorm, they discover he is out of town, and leave Edna's rigor mortised body on a lawn chair in the backyard, over Ellen's objections. Clark concedes to Ellen's request they say a prayer for the dear departed Edna. Despite all the events and the begging of Ellen and the kids, Clark is more determined than ever to get to Walley World. They check into a motel for the night where after another argument with Ellen, Clark hangs out at the motel's bar where he has a face-to-face-encounter with the beautiful young woman from the red Ferrari and they make small talk about things. The woman beckons Clark to go skinny dipping with her in the motel's swimming pool, but upon diving in, Clark screams over his reaction to the cold pool water... thus waking up the entire motel, including Ellen, Rusty, and Audrey. When the woman takes her leave, Clark goes back to apologize to Ellen who demands that Clark repay the favor by taking him back to the pool to skinny dip with her. The next day (Day 7), the family finally arrives in Los Angeles, California and arrives at Wally World... only to find that the park is closed for the next two weeks for repairs. Clark, slipping into madness seeing all the week's struggles had been for nothing, buys a realistic-looking BB gun from a local sporting goods store, returns to Wally World, and demands to a overweight and geekish park security guard named Russ Lasky (John Candy) to take them through the park; Ellen and kids follow him, attempting to placate their father. Eventually a SWAT team arrives along with park owner Roy Walley (Eddie Bracken) and they arrest the whole family. Clark manages to talk to Roy who surprisingly understands Clark's impassioned epitome of the American Vacation, bringing back memories of his own childhood years ago. Roy does not file charges against the Griswolds, and lets the family enjoy the park as his guests, along with the police and SWAT team who are seen riding on the park's top roller coaster attraction in the final shot of the movie. The end credits show various still photographs of the Griswolds enjoying the rest of the vacation at all the various stops they made over the course of the movie, including a final frame of them returning to Chicago via plane... having abandoned their gas-guzzling car in California. 
 Star Trek: Generations (1994)431) With the help of long presumed dead Captain Kirk, Captain Picard must stop a deranged scientist willing to murder on a planetary scale in order to enter a space matrix. In the late twenty-third century, the gala maiden voyage of the newly-christened U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701-B boasts such luminaries as Pavel Chekov, Montgomery Scott, and the legendary Captain James T. Kirk as guests. But her maiden voyage turns into a disaster as the unprepared starship is forced to rescue two transport ships from a mysterious energy ribbon. The Enterprise manages to save a handful of the ships' passengers and barely succeeds out intact, but at the cost of Captain Kirk's life. Seventy-eight years later, Captain Jean-Luc Picard and the U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701-D crew find themselves at odds with renegade scientist Dr. Tolian Soran, who is destroying entire star systems. Only one man can help Picard stop Soran's scheme, and he has been dead for seventy-eight years. Gregory A. Sheets <m-sheets2@onu.edu> In the late twenty-third century, retired Starfleet officers James T. Kirk, Montgomery Scott, and Pavel Chekov are guests of honor aboard the newly-christened U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701-B. However, her maiden voyage takes an unexpected turn when the starship encounters two vessels trapped inside the Nexus, a mysterious energy ribbon. During a perilous rescue attempt, Kirk sacrifices himself in a heroic attempt to save the lives of the ships' passengers. Seventy-eight years later, Captain Jean-Luc Picard and the U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701-D crew encounter Dr. Tolian Soran, a renegade scientist with a deadly plan to harness the power of the Nexus at the cost of millions of innocent lives. Picard's only hope for the future now rests within the Nexus, and a legendary Captain from the past. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2293, Captain James T. Kirk ( William Shatner ), Montgomery Scott ( James Doohan ) and Pavel Chekov ( Walter Koenig ) attend the maiden voyage of a new, Excelsior class USS Enterprise-B under the command of the unseasoned Captain John Harriman ( Alan Ruck ). During the voyage, which was to be a short trip from Earth to Pluto and back in just a few minutes, the Enterprise is pressed into a rescue mission to save two El-Aurian transport ships from an unknown energy ribbon. The Enterprise is able to save some of the El-Aurian refugees before their ships are destroyed, but the starship becomes trapped in the ribbon's gravitational pull. Kirk goes to deflector control to alter the deflector dish, allowing the Enterprise to escape, but the trailing edge of the ribbon rakes across the starship's hull, disintegrating the section Kirk was in. He is presumed lost in space. In 2371, the crew of the USS Enterprise-D celebrate the promotion of the Klingon Worf ( Michael Dorn ) to Lieutenant Commander. Captain Jean-Luc Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) receives a message that his brother and nephew were killed in a fire, meaning the storied Picard family line will end with him. The Enterprise receives a distress call from an observatory in orbit around the star Amargosa, where they rescue the El-Aurian scientist Dr. Tolian Soran ( Malcolm McDowell ). The android Data ( Brent Spiner ) and Chief Engineer Geordi La Forge ( LeVar Burton ) discover a compound called trilithium in a hidden room of the observatory. Soran appears, knocks La Forge unconscious, and launches a trilithium solar probe at Amargosa. The probe causes the star to implode, sending a shock wave toward the observatory. Soran and La Forge are transported away by a Klingon Bird-of-Prey belonging to the Duras sisters, Lursa and B'Etor, who had stolen the trilithium for Soran in exchange for a trilithium weapon. Data is rescued just before the observatory is destroyed by the shock wave. The Enterprise bartender hostess, Guinan ( Whoopi Goldberg ), shares more with Captain Picard about Soran; they were among the El-Aurian refugees rescued by the Enterprise-B. Guinan explains that Soran is obsessed with reentering the Nexus, an extra-dimensional realm where time has no meaning and anyone can experience whatever they desire. Picard and Data determine that unable to fly a ship into the ribbon on account of the uncertainty that the ship will survive long enough to ensure his success, Soran is instead altering the path of the ribbon by destroying stars, and that he will attempt to reenter the Nexus on Veridian III by destroying its sun - and, by extension, a heavily populated planet in the system. Upon entering the Veridian system, The Enterprise makes contact with the Klingon Bird-of-Prey. Picard offers himself to the Duras sisters in exchange for La Forge, but insists that he be transported to Soran's location first. La Forge is returned to the Enterprise and collapses, but by accident reveals the starship's shield frequency, allowing the Duras sisters to inflict crippling damage to the ship. The Enterprise destroys the Bird-of-Prey, but has sustained irreversible damage to the ship's warp core. Commander William Riker ( Jonathan Frakes ) orders an evacuation to the forward saucer section of the ship which separates from the stardrive. The shock wave from the stardrive's explosion sends the saucer crashing to the surface of Veridian III. Picard attempts to reason with Soran out of his plan, but to no avail, and is too late to stop him from launching his missile. The collapse of the Veridian star alters the course of the energy ribbon as predicted, and it sweeps Picard and Soran away while the shock wave from the star obliterates everything in the system. In the Nexus, Picard finds himself surrounded by the family he never had, including a wife and children, but realizes it is an illusion. He is confronted by an echo of Guinan (from 78 years earlier). After being told that he may leave whenever he chooses and go wherever and whenever he wishes, Guinan sends him to meet Kirk, also safe in the Nexus. Though Kirk is at first reluctant to leave, Picard convinces Kirk to return to Picard's present and stop Soran by assuring him that it will fulfill his desire to make a difference. Leaving the Nexus, the two arrive on Veridian III minutes before Soran launches the missile. Kirk distracts Soran long enough for Picard to lock the missile in place, causing it to explode on the launchpad and kill Soran. Kirk is mortally injured by a fall during the encounter; as he dies, Picard assures him that he made a difference. Picard buries Kirk on a hillside before a shuttle arrives to transport him to the wreckage of the Enterprise saucer. Three Federation starships enter orbit to retrieve the Enterprise survivors, but the ship herself cannot be salvaged. As Riker laments that he will never sit in the Captain's chair of the ship, Picard muses that given the name's legacy, this won't be the last ship to carry the name Enterprise. 
 Body Heat (1981)651) In the midst of a searing Florida heat wave, a woman persuades her lover, a small-town lawyer, to murder her rich husband. Ned Racine is a seedy small town lawyer in Florida. During a searing heatwave he's picked up by married Matty Walker. A passionate affair commences but it isn't long before they realise the only thing standing in their way is Matty's rich husband Edmund. A plot hatches to kill him but will they pull it off? Col Needham <col@imdb.com> A heat wave has settled over the Florida coast. The heat doesn't affect the overactive sex drive of womanizing Ned Racine, a somewhat inept Miranda Beach lawyer who has his own small law firm. Although he spies several women as possible conquests, the one he really has his sights set on is the beautiful Matty Walker, who he can tell comes from money by her appearance. She flirts with him despite his less than subtle come-ons and she thinking him simple minded. Ultimately she tells him that nothing will happen between them since she's married, her wealthy businessman husband, Edmund Walker, who comes to their home in upscale Pinehaven only on the weekends if that at all. Despite Matty playing hard to get, which turns Ned on more, the two begin a passionate affair. She stipulates he can't tell anyone of their affair, which is against the general behavior of telling his friends, public attorney Peter Lowenstein and police detective Oscar Grace. As their affair escalates into a declaration of love, it also turns to one of greed, wanting both each other and Edmund's money. Since Matty signed a prenuptial agreement that would provide her nothing upon a divorce, they decide instead to murder Edmund. As they proceed with the plot, they encounter some unforeseen obstacles, including some the result of last minute changes to the plan by Matty without her notifying Ned beforehand. But after he is unable to heed the advice of Peter and Oscar, Ned comes to some realizations about what he's gotten himself into. By that time, it may be too late both for himself and for Matty. Huggo In a small Florida town, the weather is hot. And for Ned Racine, a seedy lawyer with an overactive sex drive, things are about to get hotter. He makes a play for the intoxicating blonde he spots at an outdoor concert. He seems to be making progress, but she disappears; yet not before he learns enough about her to find her again. He finds her in a bar. She invites him to her place to look at her wind chimes. He sees them; she sends him away. But he knows she really wants him, and he's right. He looks inside. She's waiting for him. There's only one thing left for a self-respecting lecher to do: throw a chair through the window. Their torrid affair has begun, and everything seems to be his idea: even when the idea is to murder her husband. J. Spurlin In the hot Pinehaven, Florida, the smalltime wolf lawyer Ned Racine flirts with the sexy but married Matty Walker and they begin a torrid love affair. After a short period together, she convinces him that her husband and mobster, Edmund Walker, is an obstacle for their passion and they have a prenuptial agreement; therefore he should be eliminated. Ned carefully plots a perfect scheme for killing Edmund. However things go wrong when successive evidences are disclosed conspiring against him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During a particularly intense, humid Florida heatwave, disreputable lawyer Ned Racine ( William Hurt ) runs Matty Walker ( Kathleen Turner ) at a bar. She is married, although her wealthy husband Edmund Walker ( Richard Crenna ) is as usual away on business. Ned pursues her and they begin an affair. A few nights later, Ned arrives at the Walker mansion and playfully offers to have sex with a woman that he mistakes for Matty. Matty introduces her as Mary Ann Simpson ( Kim Zimmer ), a life-long friend since high school. She bears a strong resemblance to Matty, Soon after, Matty reluctantly tells Ned she wants to divorce Edmund, but their prenuptial agreement would leave her with little money. She wishes her husband were dead. Eventually, Ned suggests murdering Edmund so Matty can inherit his wealth. He consults a shady former client, Teddy Lewis ( Mickey Rourke ), an expert arsonist, who supplies Ned with an incendiary device while strongly encouraging him to abandon whatever he is scheming. On the night Ned plans to kill Edmund, he drives to Miami and checks into a motel to give himself an alibi. He then drives back to Edmund and Matty's house and murders Edmund. Ned moves Edmund's body to an abandoned beachfront hotel that Edmund owns. Ned detonates the arson device, hoping to make it look like Edmund tried to commit arson and insurance fraud, but was accidentally killed in the process. Soon after, Edmund's lawyer Miles Hardin ( Michael Ryan ) contacts Ned about the new will that Ned he is supposed to have prepared for Edmund. It was witnessed by the same Mary Ann Simpson Ned met at Matty's. Ned is told the new will he prepared is invalid, meaning Edmund died intestate, without a will. It means that Matty will inherit Edmund's entire fortune, while disinheriting his surviving blood relatives, including his niece Heather Kraft ( Carola McGuinness ). Matty later reveals to Ned that she forged the will and his signature, knowing that it would be nullified and that she would be the sole beneficiary. Ned knows the police will be suspicious about the sudden change to Edmund's will shortly before his death. Two of Ned's friends, assistant deputy prosecutor Peter Lowenstein ( Ted Danson ), and police detective Oscar Grace ( J.A. Preston ), suspect that Ned may be involved in Edmund's death. Edmund's eyeglasses, which he always wore, cannot be found in the burned building, suggested he was killed elsewhere. The police also cannot find Mary Ann Simpson, the woman who witnessed the will. Ned is increasingly nervous about the mounting evidence implicating him. Questioning Matty's intentions, Ned run into a lawyer ( Thom Sharp ) in a bar who once sued him over an improperly prepared will. The lawyer says that to make amends, he recommended Ned to Matty Walker. Ned forces him to admit that he told her about Ned's botched will. The will that Matty prepared contained the exact same error. Lowenstein tells Ned that on the night of the murder, hotel phone records show that someone repeatedly called Ned's room without getting an answer. Ned realizes this Grace and Lowenstein know his alibi is false. Teddy, who is in jail, asks Ned to come see him. He tells Ned that a woman using Ned's name came to him. She bought an incendiary device and asked Teddy to show her how to use a door to trigger it. Matty calls Ned and tells him that the housekeeper found the glasses and is demanding blackmail. Matty says she paid the housekeeper, who left the glasses in the boat house behind her home. Matty asks Ned to go to the boat house and get them. Ned goes to the boat house and cautiously looks through the window. He sees a long, twisted electrical wire attached to the inside of the door. Ned starts to leave, but then decides to wait for Matty. Sometime later, she arrives. Ned asks her to get the glasses. Matty walks toward the boathouse. The boathouse explodes. Grace witnesses the explosion. The police find a burned corpse inside the boathouse. It is identified through dental records as Matty Tyler Walker. In prison, Ned realizes that Matty duped him. He tries to convince Grace that she is still alive. He believes the woman he knew as "Matty" assumed the real Matty Tyler's identity to marry and murder Edmund for his money. The "Mary Ann Simpson" (actually Matty Tyler) that Ned met had discovered the scheme and was blackmailing Matty, who killed her. Ned realizes that if had had been killed in the boathouse explosion, the police would have found both his and Matty Tyler's bodies, closing the case. Sitting in his cell, Ned obtains a copy of Matty's high school yearbook: in it are photos of Mary Ann Simpson and Matty Tyler, confirming his suspicion that Mary Ann assumed Matty Walker's identity. Below Mary Ann's photo is the nickname "The Vamp" and "Ambition-To be rich and live in an exotic land". Mary Ann (Matty) orders a drink while lounging on a tropical beach alongside a Brazilian Portuguese-speaking man. 