nm0011774:

 No Good Gang Girls (2018)Summaries Our protagonist, JAYLENE, is a disgraced ex-marine who became a felon when she assaulted a superior officer. Growing up in foster care, all she has in the world is her brother TOMAS. When she learns that her brother was murdered by the gang he ran with, LOS MUERTOS, Jaylene resolves to find his murderer, and discovers it was the leader of the gang, MR. CLEAN. Jaylene tracks down Mr. Clean, and his personal death squad, THE MALAS, at a local bar. She infiltrates the Malas when the bar is attacked by the gang's fiercest rival, and Jaylene saves one of them from certain death. Thus our heroine is inducted into the Malas, whose sole mission is murder. They have the highest respect of any of the female Los Muertos: they only sleep with men they want to sleep with, they get a cut of the money, and have power within the leadership. They listen to Reggaeton together, dance together, laugh together, do drugs together, and kill together. They had each other's backs when their families discarded them. But pledging allegiance to the gang has a cost, and the Malas have their enemies: police, rival gangs, and even members of Los Muertos. The deeper Jaylene goes, the more danger she's in. Yet, she finds herself surrounded by the familial acceptance she's desperately craved her entire life. When our heroine finally gets the chance to murder the man who killed her brother, she realizes she must choose between her past and her new future with the Malas. How far will Jaylene go to satisfy her revenge? Chloe Castellon and Ridgeway Wilson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 8 Days to HellSummaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tidy Tim's (2020)Summaries A father and son run a rickety used car lot in Southern California. The old man and his boy are left overs from a bye-gone era of Americana. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Misguided Angel (1998)Summaries A story of a man who has nine lives and a girl who falls in love with him. Is he a demon or an angel? Jack is a traveler without any destination. He has left his past behind and believes he can never love again. In a wild place on the coastline, he meets a woman who has lived all her life in an abandoned house, alone with her brother. Jennifer falls in love with Jack. But as she's drawn closer an closer to him, she feels that Jack has a dark secret clawing at his soul. Im reminds her of an old folk tale: One day a demon would come a demon who has nine lives. A cruel game starts in which the borders of fantasy and reality mix and in which Jack an Jennifer have to face what they fear most: Love. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 