nm0011023:

 Warriors of Virtue (1997)321) A young boy is whisked away to the mythical land of Tao where he becomes the center of a conflict between an evil lord and a group of animal warriors. A young man, Ryan, suffering from a disability, wishes to join the other kids from his schools football team. During an initiation rite, Ryan is swept away through a whirlpool to the land of Tao. There he is hunted by the evil Lord Komodo, who desires the boy as a key to enter the real world. Ryan is rescued by the protectors of Tao, five humanoid kangaroos, each embued with the five elements and virtues. Ryan learns his valuable lesson while saving the land of Tao. R. L. Strong <RS080455@PACBELL.NET> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the beginning of the film, protagonist Ryan (Mario Yedidia) is a widow's son with a minor physical disability, who is given an antique book, called the 'Manuscript of Legend', by his mother's friend, a Chinese-American restaurateur. The inciting action occurs when Ryan, anxious to join the school football team, is challenged by the players to cross an underground canal and write his name on the far wall, to prove his courage. In crossing, he falls into the canal and resurfaces in a parallel reality, called the Land of Tao. There, he is rescued by Elysia (Marley Shelton) and taken by her to the last of the oases known as Lifesprings, where a variety of people, some human and others half-human and half of diverse other species, live in peace, in hiding from the conqueror Komodo (Angus Mcfayden), the principal villain of the story. The Manuscript of Legend, meanwhile, is intercepted by Komodo, who resolves to decode it, and use the secrets it contains to conquer the Lifespring and invade Ryan's world. At the Lifespring, Ryan becomes the pupil of the sage Master Chung (Chao Li Chi), and befriends his disciples, the titular Warriors of Virtue: a small set of martial-arts champions, of a species resembling anthropomorphic kangaroos; whereof Yun (Jack Tate), their former leader, is in disgrace for killing Elysia's brother by mistake, while the others continue under Master Chung's tutelage. Matters come to a head when Elysia betrays the Warriors and Ryan to Komodo, who kills Master Chung in single combat, captures the Warriors and Ryan, and begins his assault on the Lifespring. While in captivity, Ryan decodes the Manuscript, and reconciles Yun with his comrades. In the battle that follows, Ryan reveals one of the Manuscript's secrets to the Warriors, who use it to deprive Komodo (and presumably his followers) of his powers and memories. The now-amnesiac Komodo is then adopted and re-socialized by the people of the Lifespring. Guided by the Warriors, Ryan returns to his own world, where he defies the football team's challenge and goes home, his morale much improved by the adventure. This concludes the film. 
 Gilmore Girls (20002007)Summaries A dramedy centering around the relationship between a thirtysomething single mother and her teen daughter living in Stars Hollow, Connecticut. Thirty-two year old single mom, Lorelai, lives with her teenage daughter Rory in the small town of Stars Hollow, Connecticut, with crazy neighbors and many ups and downs. Lorelai Gilmore, 32, has such a close relationship with her daughter Rory that they are often mistaken for sisters. Between Lorelai's relationship with her parents, Rory's new prep school, and both of their romantic entanglements, there's plenty of drama to go around. lcheala@imdb.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pure Race (1995)211) Two college students, one white and one black, share a ride home from college. When their car breaks down in a small town in Idaho, they unsuspectingly stumble upon a white supremacist group and must fight for their lives. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two college students, one white and one black, share a ride home from college. When their car breaks down in a small town in Idaho, they unsuspectingly stumble upon a white supremacist group and must fight for their lives. 
 Sky Kids (2008)321) Two boys from a small town find their courage tested when they accidentally stow away aboard an airplane owned by the mob. Two kids from a small town accidentally stow away aboard an airplane owned by the mob. DCP Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two boys from a small town find their courage tested when they accidentally stow away aboard an airplane owned by the mob. Jason and Kyle, friends from different sides of the track, become embroiled in the adventure of their lives when they discover a mysterious airplane at the local airport. The boys sneak aboard for a look but are forced to hide in the luggage compartment when two men climb aboard. Soon they find themselves airborne over the open Arizona desert. After hours in the air the boys unwittingly uncover a bomb in the luggage compartment. But when they burst into the cabin to report their discovery, they find that everyone on board has bailed out. The boys must now take the controls and land the plane themselves. But their troubles are only just beginning... 