nm0005587:

 Go (1999)651) The aftermath of a drug deal as told from three different points of view. Told from three perspectives, a story of a bunch of young Californians trying to get some cash, do and deal some drugs, score money and sex in Las Vegas, and generally experience the rush of life. Vladimir Zelevinsky <vz@alum.mit.edu> Three intertwined stories covering twenty-four hours, each starting at a Los Angeles supermarket on Christmas Eve, are told. In "Ronna", Ronna is a clerk at the supermarket working her third shift in a row as she needs to come up with rent money by tomorrow or be evicted from her apartment. At the check-out, she is approached by two young men looking for another cashier, "the British guy", who is their drug dealer. They want twenty hits of E for a party that evening. As the British guy Simon is away, Ronna seizes upon what she sees as an opportunity to raise her rent money by being their dealer for the day. She decides to go to Simon's regular supplier, Todd, for the drugs. The drug deals don't go quite as Ronna plans, the resulting incidents which are not helped by Ronna's friend, fellow supermarket employee Mannie, and which threaten their lives and that of their other friend, another cashier named Claire. In "Simon", Simon is on his first ever trip to Las Vegas with his friends Marcus, Tiny and Singh. Due to circumstances, Simon and the more worldly Marcus end up spending their first evening out on the town together. What happens to them is largely the result of Simon's over-exuberance combined with Simon losing his wallet for a period of time, Marcus' yellow blazer causing some confusion, and Simon overusing a gift he received prior to leaving Los Angeles. In "Adam & Zack", the two men who approached Ronna in the supermarket end up being, unknown to her, soap opera actors. Adam and Zack end up spending much of their evening with Burke, an undercover police detective who has them on a minor drug rap, and who will sign off on their rap in exchange for some help in nabbing a bigger fish in the drug trade. Burke ends up inviting Adam and Zack to "Christmas dinner" at his house with his wife, Irene. Adam and Zack, each who is facing a relationship problem with his respective partner, feel vulnerable in Burke and Irene's house, the actors who believe Burke has an ulterior motive in wanting to spend extended private time with them, and will hold his wants over their heads for their freedom. These three stories come full circle in that they conclude with some connection to the other two. Huggo On the Christmas Eve, the cashier of supermarket Ronna Martin is completely broken and will be evicted from her apartment on the next morning. She accepts the offer to cover the shift of her British co-worker Simon Baines that wants to travel to Las Vegas to have more money. While working, the clients Adam and Zach seek out Simon to buy ecstasy and ask Ronna if she can get the drug for them. Ronna goes to the apartment of Simon's drug dealer Todd Gaines to buy the ecstasy but she does not have enough money for twenty pills; so her friend and colleague Claire Montgomery stays with Todd to guarantee the payment. When she goes to the address of Adam and Zach, she meets Burke and suspects that he might be an FBI agent. She drops the ecstasy in the toilet and flushes it. Now she has neither the drugs nor the money to give to Todd. Meanwhile Simon travels to Las Vegas and gets into trouble in a night-club with very dangerous people and he needs to flee from the town with his friends. Meanwhile, Burke drops the charges against the informers Adam and Scott and invites them to spend Christmas night having dinner with his wife and him, but Burke has a secret agenda. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 'Go' is set mostly during one long Christmas Eve in the lives of a group of young adults on the events surrounding a drug deal in Los Angeles replayed three different times from three different views. In a straightforward manner; when slacker Simon Baines takes off for a getaway to Las Vegas with his friends, Ronna takes his shift at the 24-hour grocery store where they work. When two guys, named Adam and Zack, walk in asking to score some dope from Simon, Ronna takes it upon herself and her friends Claire and Mannie to buy some some stuff from the local drug dealer Todd Gains. But the drug deal is a sting that Adam and Zack are forced to set up by an overzealous narcotics agent, Burke. Ronna is forced to dispose of the drugs. With no other alternative, she tries to double-cross Todd with phony drugs. Meanwhile in Las Vegas, Simon's adventures with his best friend Marcus hit an unfortunate turn during a trip to a strip club, while Adam and Zack end up spending Christmas Eve with Burke and his wife Irene, and afterward while driving to a rave that Ronna is dealing, the guys accidentally hit Ronna with their car and leave her for dead. Nearby, Mannie nearly OD's on dope, and Claire gets more friendly with a vengeful Todd whom is now looking for Ronna. Matthew Patay Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film is told out of chronological format, the story being told from four different points of view. As such, the following summary only generalizes the actual sequence of events which take place. Ronna's story It is Christmas Eve in Los Angeles. Adam (Scott Wolf) and Zack (Jay Mohr), a couple of TV soap opera actors, have been busted for narcotics possession. In a plea deal, they will help Officer Burke (William Fichtner) set up a sting operation for Simon (Desmond Askew), an occasional drug dealer who sells ecstasy from his cash register at a local grocery store. Unbeknownst to them, Simon has taken a vacation to Las Vegas. Filling in at his register is Ronna (Sarah Polley), an 18-year-old runaway and high school dropout who is facing eviction and desperate for the extra paid hours of income. When the actors ask about Simon and where they might buy some ecstasy, Ronna recognizes a lucrative financial opportunity. She offers to "see what she can do" for them, taking down their address. They give her a flier with the details of a rave later that evening. After work, Ronna and co-worker friends Claire (Katie Holmes) and Mannie (Nathan Bexton) debate the underground drug trade "rules," such as circumventing Simon to become competing dealers themselves. Ronna decides this will be a one-time-only deal and proceeds to Simon's drug supplier, Todd (Timothy Olyphant). Todd is suspicious of Ronna's sudden interest in dealing drugs, and that the quantity she has requested is the exact amount that constitutes a drug trafficking felony. Reluctantly, he offers to sell her the drugs at a higher price. Unprepared for the price hike, she offers to leave collateral in exchange for bringing the balance back after the sale is complete, and bullies Claire into being the collateral. Ronna and Mannie then proceed to Adam and Zack's pre-rave party at their apartment. Ronna goes inside to complete the deal, while Mannie stays in the car and downs two of the pills he swiped from the bottle. Inside at the "party", there's only Adam and Zack behaving uncomfortably, along with an older man (Officer Burke, the undercover officer) who seems overly focused on finishing the drug deal. Ronna quickly realizes something is amiss here, so she asks to use the restroom before completing the deal. When Zack turns to show Ronna the way to the bathroom, he whispers "Go!" to her. She goes into the bathroom, flushes the drugs down the toilet, and emerges empty-handed. She tells Burke she wasn't able to obtain the drugs after all, and to defend herself from further scrutiny, notes to Burke that she is underage to be drinking the beer he gave her. Realizing he is now on surveillance giving alcohol to a minor, and without evidence to hold her, Burke lets Ronna go. Ronna, in a state of panic, ponders her situation with Mannie, who is slowly succumbing to the effects of the pills he took. She doesn't have the money to buy Claire's release from Todd, and now she has no drugs to sell. In desperation, she shoplifts a large supply of over-the-counter medication from her own grocery store. Finding pills roughly the same appearance as the ecstasy pills, she refills Todd's bottle and returns to his apartment. She explains to Todd that the deal fell through, gives the "stash" back to him, and frees Claire from collateral duty. Ronna realizes that she's still facing eviction and decides to attend the rave to sell the remaining medication as ecstasy. Her scam works, and she quickly makes more then enough money to cover her rent. Meanwhile, Todd has discovered the fake pills and shows up at the rave to settle the score. He sees Ronna and Mannie from afar and chases them through the dancing crowd. Mannie is too high to run and is slowing them both down. Ronna hides Mannie behind a piece of sheet metal in a back alleyway, tells him to keep quiet until she comes back, and runs off alone. Todd catches up to Ronna in the parking lot. He has a few last words with her about the nature of the illegal drug trade, and takes out a gun intent on killing her. At that very moment, a yellow Mazda Miata swerves around a corner of the parking lot at high speed and squarely hits Ronna, catapulting her onto its roof. It then shoots forwards and stops suddenly, sending her flying into a ditch. The driver, in panic from seeing Todd with a gun, flees the scene. Todd leaves Ronna for dead and flees as well as it begins to rain. Ronna lies motionless in the ditch. Simon's story Earlier.... After recruiting Ronna to cover his shift at the grocery store, Simon goes off with three of his friends Marcus (Taye Diggs), Tiny (Breckin Meyer), and Singh (James Duval) for some adventures in Las Vegas, footing their hotel bill with the credit card he had borrowed from Todd. Shortly after arriving, Tiny and Singh develop bad cases of diarrhoea from eating some bad seafood at the hotel's buffet restaurant and are stuck in their hotel room while Simon and Marcus hit the casino. Simon quickly loses much of his money and then wanders into a wedding party on the premises. There, he meets two female guests, with whom he eventually smokes pot and has sex (both of them). One of the women accidentally starts a fire in her hotel room, causing Simon to flee naked (clothes in tow) in an elevator. Putting his clothes back on, he meets up with Marcus back in the casino. Marcus's yellow sports coat gets him mistaken for a hotel employee, even earning him a tip when a customer mistakes him for a bathroom attendant. This eventually works to his advantage, though, when another hotel guest assumes Marcus is a parking valet and hands him the keys to his Ferrari. Simon and Marcus jump at this golden opportunity to take the red Ferrari for a spin, winding up at the Crazy Horse strip club. En route, Simon discovers a 9 mm pistol in the glove compartment, which he pockets for himself. At the strip club, Marcus warns Simon not to order "champagne" - strip club code for a private lap dance they cannot afford - however, Simon does precisely that, and he heads to a back room with two dancers and Marcus in tow. Before the lap dance commences, they receive a stern warning from menacing Victor Junior (Jimmy Shubert), one of the bouncers and the son of the club owner, to behave like gentlemen and not touch the dancers "or else." Simon hands the bouncer Todd's credit card and he and Marcus enter the back room; the lap dances have barely begun when Simon loses his self-control and gropes his dancer. Victor Jr. immediately bursts into the room and begins beating him. Marcus tries to defend Simon and is himself attacked by the bouncer. Simon then draws the gun he found and shoots Victor Jr., wounding him in the arm. Simon and Marcus hastily flee the premises and head back to the hotel. Simon and Marcus rush into their room and roust up the sickly Tiny and Singh, telling them they have 30 seconds to get up and out. Before they can flee, the Victors Jr. and Sr. (J.E. Freeman) arrive at their door, so Simon and crew bribe a young boy staying in the next room to open the connecting door for their escape. After a frantic car chase down the Las Vegas Strip, Simon and his three friends manage to elude their pursuers and reach the highway back to Los Angeles and drive away in the light of dawn in Simon's damaged car. They believe they are safe, reasoning that their pursuers would have called the police in Vegas...or so they think. What Simon forgets is that it was Todd's credit card he left back at the strip club. Adam and Zack's story Earlier... Adam and Zack are actually closeted gay lovers forced to be decoys in a police sting operation, in exchange for having their own drug charges dropped. In the grocery store parking lot, they test out their hidden microphones; inside, they look for Simon, their usual dealer, but find only Ronna. Later, after the sting with Ronna goes bad, Burke handcuffs Zack, then makes a bizarre suggestion: Why don't they spend Christmas Eve at his house and have dinner? Nervous, they reluctantly accept his invitation. It is an odd atmosphere in the house, and Zack and Adam have odd encounters with Burke and his wife Irene (Jane Krakowski). Zack comes out of the bathroom and runs into Burke completely nude; Burke urges him to lie down on his bed and try out some cologne. Adam, meanwhile, meets Irene, who comes on to him and even kisses him full on the lips. Later, when the four sit down to Christmas dinner, Burke explains that he and his wife are the fourth leading sales team in the region for Confederated Products, an Amway-type retail company, and that virtually everything in the house from the food to the cologne is from the company. Burke wants Adam and Zack to sell Confederated products for him. Zack then gets Adam to feign illness to excuse themselves, and they leave the house, both of them uneasy from the evening's events. Adam and Zack engage in small talk and discover that both of them are cheating on each other with the same man, Jimmy, a makeup artist in their television studio. They go to Jimmy's apartment and find out from his sister that he is attending the same rave that they had earlier advertised to Ronna. Adam and Zack show up and get revenge on their mutual two-timing lover by holding Jimmy down and cutting a sizable chunk of his long hair. Satisfied, they leave the party, get into Adam's yellow Miata and barrel into Ronna, sending her flying into the ditch. Then they see a man with a drawn pistol (Todd) and, terrified, flee the scene. They stop at a gas station and try to figure out what to do, debating whether Ronna survived the accident and, if so, whether or not the man with the gun finished her off. Adam goes to the toilet where he realizes that he is still wearing the hidden microphone from earlier that afternoon. Panicked, they throw the devices away and drive back to the spot where they hit Ronna. They find her still lying in the ditch, unconscious but alive, and hoist her on top of a nearby car with the alarm blaring. They watch in satisfaction from afar as other partygoers discover Ronna early the next morning and call an ambulance for her. Conclusion It is dawn now, and Claire, who does not know what happened to Ronna, leaves the rave and goes to the diner where she usually meets Ronna when they get separated. She encounters Todd; they engage in small talk, then realize they are attracted to each other. They end up kissing and groping in the stairwell of Todd's house, where they are discovered by none other than Victor Jr. and Victor Sr., the Crazy Horse bouncer and owner whom are after Simon and have tracked him through Todd's credit card. Todd explains they have the wrong man; he begins to draw out directions to Simon's place, when Simon himself walks into Todd's apartment ironically, to seek refuge from the bouncers. At first they want to kill him, but Claire points out that she and Todd would be witnesses to the crime. So an "eye for an eye" deal is struck where Victor Jr. gets to shoot Simon in the arm. Just as he is about to get justice, performance anxiety suddenly springs upon Junior and he cannot bring himself to pull the trigger. Claire gets impatient and leaves during his hesitations; as she gets halfway down the hall she hears a gunshot. She flinches and shuts her eyes. Simon calls out: "It's all right... I'm okay!" Meanwhile, Ronna wakes up in the hospital recovered enough to return to work, happy that, despite the night's batterings, she did indeed make enough money to save herself from eviction. She talks with Claire and suddenly realizes to her horror that she never went back for Mannie, who is presumably still hidden where she left him. Ronna and Claire return to the scene and find Mannie still there, shivering and terrified, but otherwise okay. They all get into Ronna's car and drive away, and Mannie wonders aloud what they'll do for New Year's Day just a week away. 
 The Straight Story (1999)541) An old man makes a long journey by lawnmower to mend his relationship with an ill brother. Seventy-three year old Alvin Straight is a simple living and stubborn man who lives on his social security. He needs to do things on his own terms. He is in failing health. Both his hips are shot, which requires him to use two canes to walk. He is diabetic. He has emphysema from years of smoking. And he has poor eyesight. Beyond the obvious maladies, he doesn't tell his mentally disabled daughter Rose, who lives with him, of many of these issues. He learns that his brother Lyle Straight, from who he has been estranged for ten years, has just suffered a heart attack. Because of both his and Lyle's mortality, Alvin wants to make peace with his brother before it's too late, which means traveling from his home in the rural town of Laurens, Iowa to Lyle's home in rural Mount Zion, Wisconsin. As with other issues in his life, he needs to make the trip on his own terms, which means on his own. As he doesn't possess a driver's license and since his eyesight is bad, he decides to make the trip driving his aged riding lawn mover towing a trailer which will carry his gear and double as his sleeping quarters. After one mis-start, he is on his way. On that trip, he affects and is affected by those he encounters. But he just hopes that he can finish the trip the way he started it, and before either he, Lyle or the lawn mower give out for good. Huggo Alvin Straight, an ailing, white-haired septuagenarian, is in bad shape; but, his estranged older brother, Lyle, is even worse. With bad hips, failing eyesight, and no means of transportation available, cigar-smoking Alvin sets out on an arduous, pride-swallowing, 320-mile journey from Laurens, Iowa to Mount Zion, Wisconsin, to make peace with Lyle who has suffered a stroke. Now, riding an entirely unfit and unsafe 1966 John Deere lawn tractor, the endless stretches of road become a living canvas, as Alvin encounters the quiet rosy sunrises and the tranquil orange sunsets of the vast Midwest, an unexpected assortment of people, and the kindness of strangers. But, above all, a brother is a brother, and Alvin knows that, in this snail-paced odyssey of reconciliation and love, he has to persevere. Oh, God, is there something good about getting old? Nick Riganas A retired farmer and widower in his 70s, Alvin Straight learns one day that his distant brother Lyle has suffered a stroke and may not recover. Alvin is determined to make things right with Lyle while he still can, but his brother lives in Wisconsin, while Alvin is stuck in Iowa with no car and no driver's license. Then he hits on the idea of making the trip on his old lawnmower, thus beginning a picturesque and at times deeply spiritual odyssey. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Laurens, Iowa, 1994. Alvin Straight (Richard Farnsworth) is a 73-year-old frail old man who falls in his kitchen one day and waits for help from his slow-witted daughter Rose (Sissy Spacek). She takes him to a doctor, from whom Alvin will heed no advice despite his many ailments (Alvin is a World War II veteran who is a diabetic and former alcoholic who continues to smoke cigars and is in the middle stages of emphysema). His only solution for his painful walking problems is to use two canes. One night during a raging thunderstorm, Alvin gets news informing him that his 75-year-old estranged brother Lyle (Harry Dean Stanton) has suffered a stroke. The next day on the phone with a relative, Rose says that Alvin and Lyle had a dispute ten years earlier and they have not spoken ever since. Determined to see his brother after all that time, Alvin decides to visit him. The trouble is that Lyle lives 370 miles away in Mount Zion, Wisconsin, and Alvin is legally unable to drive a car due to his bad health and poor eyesight. To make matters worse, Rose cannot drive either and no buses go to Mount Zion. Undaunted, Alvin hatches a plan: he will drive his Rehd lawn mower all the way. Alvin gathers some supplies, including a clapboard trailer that he hitches to the mower, and prepares for his long journey. Rose is worried about him, but the night before he departs, he tells her to look up into the sky at the stars. Some of Alvin's old friends warn him on the way out of town that his journey is foolhardy, but he continues on, moving a few miles an hour for only a few hours until his tractor breaks down outside town. He and his tractor get towed back home, where he promptly puts the Rehd rider out of its misery with a shotgun blast. Reunited with his daughter, Alvin's determination knows no bounds. At the John Deere farm equipment dealer, he purchases a newer replacement lawn tractor from a salesman (Everett McGill) who is generous but describes Alvin as being a smart man, "until now." On September 5, Alvin sets off once more for Wisconsin. By day he travels on the road and at night he camps out in the fields off the road, making a campfire for himself every night. The first person he meets along his route is a pregnant, runaway hitchhiker (Anastasia Webb), to whom he offers some hot dogs and some inspiration after she explains that her parents would hate her for her condition. Alvin explains that his wife bore 14 children, only 7 of whom lived, and that Rose herself had 4 kids but they were taken away after a fire she was wrongly blamed for. He tells the girl that he used to ask his kids to each find a stick and try to break it, which they could do easily; then he would ask them to each place a stick in a bundle and try to break it, which they could not do. That bundle, he says, is family. The next morning, the girl is gone, having left behind a bundle of sticks. Alvin enjoys watching a rainstorm from the shelter of an abandoned farmhouse. The next scene shows Alvin as a huge group of RAGBRAI cyclists race past him. He later arrives at the cyclists' camp and he is greeted with applause. He speaks with them about growing old. When he is asked about the worst part of being old, he replies, "remembering when you was young." The next day, Alvin is troubled by the massive trucks passing him. He then interacts with a distraught woman (Barbara E. Robertson) who has hit a deer, and is being driven to distraction by the fact that she continually hits deer while commuting, no matter how hard she tries to avoid them. She drives away in a tearful huff, and Alvin, who had started to run short of food, cooks and eats the deer while an odd group of deer decoys looks on. Alvin then mounts the antlers above the rear doorway of his trailer as a tribute to the deer and the human sustenance it had provided. Five weeks into his trip, as the landscape begins to undulate, Alvin's trusty mower goes out of control and he speeds down a steep hill where a few people are gathered to watch the controlled burning of an abandoned house. A kindly middle-aged couple called the Riordans (James Cada, Sally Wingert) welcome him to stay with them as he has his tractor fixed. Now beginning to run low on cash, Alvin borrows a cordless phone from Mr. Riordan gently but resolutely refusing an invitation to come indoors and calls Rose to ask her to send him his Social Security check. He then leaves money on the doorstep to pay for his long-distance telephone call. Mr. Riordan sits with Alvin, says he and his wife would like to drive him the rest of the way to Lyle's; they would enjoy the drive, as the trees are in colour this time of year. Alvin politely declines, stating that he prefers to travel his own way. A local man about Alvin's age invites him to a bar (Alvin does not drink, so he has milk). Alvin recalls his days in WWII, when he returned from France as a heavy drinker until a preacher helped him. He explains that he drank so much because he kept seeing terrible things from war. The other man recalls how one night all of his buddies were blown up by Nazis in a tent while he was standing outside. Alvin recalls shooting one of his own men by accident, and letting the rest of his men believe he was killed by a German sniper, a secret he has not confessed since it happened. Alvin's tractor is fixed and he is presented with an exorbitant bill by the mechanics, who are twins and are constantly bickering. Alvin successfully negotiates the price down, and explains his mission, which he calls "a hard swallow to my pride," but "a brother is a brother." The mechanic twins seem to relate to this, realizing they should make peace. Alvin sets off again, crossing the Mississippi River. Later, Alvin camps in a cemetery and chats with a priest (John Lordan). The priest recognizes Lyle's name and is aware of his stroke. The priest says that Lyle did not mention he had a brother. Alvin replies that "neither one of us has had a brother for quite some time." Alvin wants to make peace with Lyle and is emphatic that whatever happened ten years ago does not matter anymore. "I say, 'Amen' to that, brother," the priest replies. The next day, Alvin arrives in Mount Zion and stops at a bar, where he orders a beer and drinks it... his first one in many years. He pays his tab and walk out. The next obstacle Alvin must overcome is apparent engine trouble, just a few miles from Lyle's house. Alvin stops in the middle of the road, unsure of how to proceed. A large farm tractor driving by then stops to help, but fortunately this time the problem was evidently just a few drops of bad gas, because the lawn-tractor's engine sputters to life again after sitting for a few minutes. The gracious farmer then leads the way on his own tractor, and drives along slowly ahead of Alvin during the final leg of his journey to make sure he gets there okay. Lyle's house is dilapidated. Using his two canes, Alvin makes his way to the door. He calls for his brother. At first Lyle does not appear and Alvin expresses relief when he does. The two brothers make contact, Lyle with a walker and Alvin with two canes. Lyle invites Alvin to sit down. Lyle looks at Alvin's mower-tractor contraption and asks if Alvin has ridden that thing just to see him. Alvin responds simply, "I did, Lyle." Lyle is moved, and the two men sit and look up at the sky at the stars, as they had done as children. 
 Halloween 5: The Revenge of Michael Myers (1989)541) One year after the events of Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers (1988) , the Shape returns to Haddonfield once again in an attempt to kill his now-mute niece. It's one year later after the events of Halloween 4. Michael survives the shootings and on October 31st he returns with a vengeance. Lurking and stalking, Jamie, Rachel, and Rachel's friends, Michael forms a plan to lure Jamie out of the children's hospital where events lead up to the confrontation at the Myers house. Halloween 5 is a dark, thrill ride that will scare the heck out of you! anonymous It's been only one short year since the bloody events of Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers (1988) , and the unstoppable Shape has returned to the sleepy town of Haddonfield, Illinois. Bent on finishing what he has started, Michael Myers has set his sights on murdering his traumatised niece, Jamie Lloyd, unbeknownst to him, however, that the mute girl has developed a strange psychic connection with her demonic uncle. Now, to put an end to Michael's Halloween killing spree once and for all, the ever-resourceful Dr Sam Loomis braces himself up for a life-or-death final confrontation with the masked serial murderer where it all began: the memory-laden Myers House. But, do monsters die? Nick Riganas Fifth in the Halloween series and the fourth to feature the character of Michael Myers. It is close to Halloween 1989 and Jamie (the heroine of H4) is in Haddonfield's Children's Hospital after attacking her step-mother the previous year. She is being treated by Dr. Loomis with the aid of her step-sister Rachel and Rachel's friend Tina. She hasn't said a word since the attack but to her horror discovers that she has a mind-link to her murdering uncle, Michael who has spent the year recovering from his wounds in a coma and awakes to go after Jamie again. His plan is to lure Jamie out of the hospital by going after Tina (who is going to a Halloween party) and by murdering Rachel. Jamie knows that she must leave the hospital to save herself and with the aid of Dr. Loomis sets out to defeat Michael on his own home ground - The Myers house... Lee Horton <Leeh@tcp.co.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with the last few moments of Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers on October 31, 1988. Rachel Carruthers and Jamie, Michael Myers's 8-year-old niece are being pursued by Michael while in a truck. Michael climbs onto the roof and tries to drive them off the road, but Rachel slams on the brakes, sending Michael slamming onto the gravel below. As he stands up, Rachel floors it and slams into him, sending him flying into a nearby field. At this time, police cars arrive and Rachel leaves the truck to go speak with them, telling Jamie to stay there. But Jamie is too curious and walks over to Michael's lifeless body, taking his hand in hers. Right then, Rachel spots her and yells for her not to touch him. Suddenly, Michael's grip tightens on his knife as he begins to rise. Jamie ducks down as the police begin firing at him. Michael eventually stumbles backwards into an abandoned mine shaft, apparently dead. The police then set up a dynamite, causing the entire shaft to explode, but Michael, who we now know is alive, but mortally wounded, has already managed to crawl out into the river below. Next to the river is a small cottage where a hermit and his pet parrot live. The hermit stands by a stove, stirring something in a pot as the parrot chatters away. Annoyed, the hermit yells at it to be quiet as Michael slowly approaches the cottage outside. The hermit, now suspicious that someone might be outside, ventures out the door, finding nothing at all. As he goes back into the house, Michael suddenly leaps out and grabs him by the neck, but he then falls over, unconscious once again. The hermit stands, shocked, wondering who this strange man in a mask is. The scene then cuts to October 30, 1989, almost a year later. Jamie is in the Haddonfield Children's Clinic, shaking in her bed. She has been attached to several devices and is clearly having a horrific nightmare. She is remembering herself on Halloween, 1988 when she donned the clown costume and murdered her foster mother, Darlene by repeatedly stabbing her with a pair of scissors. Darlene screams and falls into a bathtub, covered in blood. Jamie then rises out of her bed, screaming, attracting the attention of Nurse Patsey, her nurse. But when Nurse Patsey arrives in the room, she dismisses Jamie's hysterics as only a nightmare and leaves. Meanwhile, at the cottage by the river, Michael, still being watched by the hermit, suddenly rises up and puts on his mask, this going unnoticed by the hermit. Jamie, somehow psychologically connected with Michael, envisions this and grabs a chalkboard, writing out "He's coming for me." Michael then creeps up behind the hermit, and grabs him by the neck. The hermit yells in pain as Jamie screams once again. Michael throws the hermit into the air, sending him crashing onto the floor below. Withdrawing his knife, Michael raises it into the air and stabs the hermit. Nurse Patsey goes into Jamie's room once again, this time calling the doctors, who rush Jamie downstairs to an operating room. There, they find Dr. Loomis, who tells them not to do anything, that she will revive soon. The doctors become angry at him, thinking that he only wants her dead, but Jamie soon does as Dr. Loomis predicts. The next morning, Jamie is greeted by Rachel, a surprise visitor. Jamie, in her condition, cannot speak, and they are using signs to talk to each other. After a while, Rachel's friend, Tina, arrives at the window with Max, Jamie's dog. Jamie greets them and Tina reveals a costume that she bought for Jamie, a beautiful pink princess dress. Suddenly, at this moment, Dr. Loomis enters the room, asking what is going on. Tina, a bit frightened, then leaves with Max and Rachel says goodbye to Jamie, telling her that she will return in two days. Outside, Rachel speaks with Dr. Loomis about a note that was found reading: "The evil child must die!" Rachel asks why the people of the town can't understand that Jamie is just a child and is harmless. Dr. Loomis senses the fear in Rachel that this whole ordeal with Michael Myers will start over again, and Rachel leaves to go home with Tina and Max. Upon arriving at Rachel's house, Tina invites her to a teen party at the Tower Farm, but Rachel replies that her parents would kill her if she did something like that. Tina tells her to think about it and leaves. Rachel turns to go inside with Max, who pulls away, barking at something rustling in the trees near the house. Once they get inside, Rachel begins undressing to take a shower and goes to feed Max his dog food. As Rachel goes upstairs to the bathroom, someone stands outside, watching through the window. Meanwhile, at the clinic, the children are decorating a Halloween mural, when suddenly, Jamie senses danger for Rachel and Max. At the Carruthers house, Max stands barking at the back door while Rachel is showering upstairs. Dr. Loomis watches through the door at the clinic as Jamie begins wildly coloring blood-like red all over the mural. This attracts the attention of her friend, Billy Hill, another child at the clinic. He interprets what she is saying and turns to find someone, but Dr. Loomis is already there. While Rachel is in the shower, the phone rings, and, wrapping a towel around her shoulders, runs into the bedroom to answer it. It is Dr. Loomis calling for her to check on Max. Rachel obeys, going downstairs and finds Max gone, the back door open. Rachel then picks the phone back up, reporting that Max has disappeared and Dr. Loomis tells her to leave the house. Rachel, now frightened, hurries to the neighbor's house, finding him working in the garden. Later, after the police have inspected the Carruthers house, Rachel stands outside, nervously pacing back and forth. The police, Deputy Tom and Nick, return, having found nothing in the house. Rachel then inquires about Max, who then comes running down the street. Rachel, completely embarrassed, apologizes to the police. At the clinic, Jamie sits crying at the fact that she was wrong. Billy tries to comfort her, but she only pushes him away. Dr. Loomis begins begging her to tell him where Michael is, but she refuses to speak. Back at the Carruthers house, Rachel finds a cute sweater in her closet and puts it on, not noticing Michael's hand appearing behind the clothes rack. As Rachel looks at herself in the mirror, Michael walks behind her and out of the room. Rachel suddenly feels an evil presence and suspiciously walks down the hallway to Jamie's room. There, she finds Jamie's picture on the floor, the frame shattered. Instantly, Michael appears in the doorway and Rachel sees his reflection in the shattered glass. Spinning around, she screams and is too late as Michael raises a pair of scissors into the air and stabs her in the chest. Jamie, having seen this in a dream, awakes, shaking in her bed at the clinic. Nurse Patsey and the doctor try to calm her. Meanwhile, Dr. Loomis continues to warn Sheriff Meeker about Jamie's convulsions who dismisses it as a trivial matter . He reminds Meeker that his own daughter Kelly was killed by Michael along with many others just a year ago. He shows Meeker his burnt hand which was caused by the explosion at Haddonfield Memorial Hospital back in 1978. Loomis goes on to add that Michael isn't anything but pure evil to the point where even the entity of Hell wouldn't accept him. Officer Markland interrupts the conversation to notify Meeker that he is wanted at the cemetery. Tina arrives at the Carruther's home with groceries. She tries ringing the doorbell, but receives no response. Michael watches Tina inside the house. Tina runs around to the back where Max is chained up in the yard. She reaches for a spare key above the doorframe only to discover that the door was left open. She keeps calling for Rachael but recieves no answer as she enters the kitchen. Michael, watching her every move, stealthily walks from the living room to the hallway. Tina informs Rachael she got her a gift before removing the needle off of the record player. She runs upstairs, laughing, only to look inside of a room and find that Rachael isn't there. She says that she will miss her before she enters a bedroom and looks around. As she grabs a teddy bear off a shelf and lied down onto the bed she suddenly becomes startled by the doorbell. Tina looks out the window to find that it is her friend Sammy. She opens the door only to find that no one is there. Sammy suddenly sneaks up behind her and surprises her. The two embrace. Tina is excited that they have the entire house to themselves for the weekend after it is assumed that Rachael decided to leave the country with her parents. As they leave, Tina returns the spare key to the top of the doorframe. Michael has returned to the living room and watches the girls out the front window. Getting the feeling of being watched, Tina turns around only to find no one at the window. At the clinic, Jamie continues to suffer nightmares. Tina and Sammy arrive at the clinic after Tina expresses an interest in visiting Jamie. They are discussing their plans for the evening as Michael stalks them from a distance. Tina's boyfriend Michael speeds towards the girls in his convertible. Tina hops into the passenger seat when Sammy makes a point that Tina wanted to see Jamie. When Tina postpones, Michael only shakes his head as Sammy aquiesces and gets into the backseat. Jamie hears the revv of the enigne outside which wakes her up. She looks out the window to find Michael staring at her in the distance. She runs towards the front door when suddenly a shadow, presumably Michael's, looms up against the door. Jamie tries to open two other doors but they're locked. After failing to open several other doors, Jamie runs down two flights of stairs to the laundry room where she tears through sheets on clotheslines. She enters the adjoining boiler room where she attempts to climb and hide in a small niche in the wall. The figure following her was only the custodian who calms Jamie down and asks her why she is downstairs. Nurse Patsey enters and also calms Jamie asking if it was one of her dreams again. Jamie shakes her head. She is then returned to her room. Dr. Loomis closes the door. He pleads with Jamie to help him locate and stop Michael reminding her that he made her stab her stepmother. He warns Jamie that she can't hide from him because he will always get to her. Jamie only fears Dr. Loomis and does her best to ignore him. Loomis tells her of the coffin Michael dug up at the cemetery that belonged to an eleven year old girl. He asks Jamie what she thinks he will do with that. Nurse Patsey intervenes and tells Loomis to leave Jamie alone. Loomis continues to offer alliance with Jamie so they can team up and stop Michael together because there is a reason why he has this power over her. Meanwhile, a mysterious man in black clothing with silver-tipped boots exits a Lewis Bros. Stages Bus. Dr. Loomis arrives at the old Myers home armed with a gun. He climbs the front steps and enters through the front door. He looks around for Michael and even calls out is name but receives nothing. Eventually, Michael arrives and kills the cop by banging his head on the dashboard. When Michael gets inside the house, Loomis finds him and tries to reason with him. While attempting to take his knife away, Michael attacks him and goes upstairs. At this time, a police deputy is dangling a rope out of the window and begins to help Jamie climb out. But things do not go according to plan and Michael murders the deputy by hanging him out the window with the rope. However, Jamie manages to run past Michael. She hides in an old laundry chute and is forced to abandon safety after Michael finds her and repeatedly stabs the chute. Michael chases her upstairs. Jamie hides in the attic before spotting Rachel's dog Max hung from a noose, as well as the bodies of Mike and Rachel. Michael finds her, and Jamie tries appealing to her uncle's humanity but ultimately fails after touching Michael's face, sending him into a fit of rage. Loomis appears, using a tranquilizer gun to weaken him and then proceeds to violently beat him unconscious with a wooden plank until Loomis suffers a stroke. In the final scene, Michael is locked up in the sheriff's station, to eventually be escorted to a maximum-security prison. However, the stranger in black arrives and attacks the police station, shooting the officers with a sub-machine gun and causing an explosion. Jamie walks through the station finding the bodies of gunned officers, and goes over to Michael's holding cell to discover that it is empty. The movie ends with Jamie moaning in terror.... 
 Mulholland Drive (2001)651) After a car wreck on the winding Mulholland Drive renders a woman amnesiac, she and a perky Hollywood-hopeful search for clues and answers across Los Angeles in a twisting venture beyond dreams and reality. Still untarnished by the false promises of the rapacious film industry, the wide-eyed actress, Betty, sets foot on bustling, sun-kissed Hollywood. Brimming with hope, and eager to spread her wings and prove her worth, Betty moves in Aunt Ruth's expensive apartment, unbeknownst to her, however, that fate has other plans in store for her, setting the stage for life-altering experiences with the unexpected, the indecipherable, and the unknown. Now, in the centre of an elaborate labyrinth of half-truths, faded memories, unrequited loves, and dangerous encounters with the city's ugly face lies a strange key to a mysterious keyhole, an even stranger indigo-blue cube, the young director, Adam, and one cryptic woman: the amnesiac brunette and devilishly seductive car-crash survivor, Rita. But, time flies and Rita's opaque past demands answers. After all, both women deserve the truth. What is the secret of the serpentine, dream-crushing Mulholland Drive? Nick Riganas Successful Hollywood movie director Adam Kesher is facing problems in both his personal and professional life. His wife is openly cheating on him, she kicking him out of their house in the Hollywood hills. For his latest film, he is being threatened to cast the female lead with the actress of "their" choice, that actress who he will only know at the time she auditions, he facing unknown but severe consequences by the unknown forces backing her if he doesn't comply. Meanwhile, wide-eyed Betty Elms has just arrived in Hollywood from her home in Canada to begin an acting career, she staying at her Aunt Ruth's apartment while Aunt Ruth, who also works in the business, is away on a film shoot. Initially believing she a friend of Aunt Ruth's, Betty discovers a young woman in the apartment, she, calling herself Rita, suffering from amnesia and just taking refuge in the empty apartment in seeing Aunt Ruth leave. They come to the belief that Rita has suffered a concussion most likely from a vehicle accident that took place along nearby Mulholland Drive. From what they discover in Rita's purse which precludes them from involving anyone else least of all the police, Betty decides to help Rita discover who she really is. When Betty and Rita stumble across a dead body in following the leads, Adam, Betty and Rita's collective stories begin to merge and take on surreal qualities, however the direction of that surrealism arguably backward and not forward. Huggo A bright-eyed young actress travels to Hollywood, only to be ensnared in a dark conspiracy involving a woman who was nearly murdered, and now has amnesia because of a car crash. Eventually, both women are pulled into a psychotic illusion involving a dangerous blue box, a director named Adam Kesher, and the mysterious night club Silencio. Anonymous After a brutal car accident in Los Angeles, California, Rita is the sole survivor but suffers mass amnesia. Wandering into a strangers apartment downtown, her story strangely intertwines with Betty Elms, a perky young woman in search of stardom. However, Betty is intrigued by Rita's situation and is willing to put aside her dreams to pursue this mystery. The two women soon discover that nothing is as it seems in the city of dreams. TXTard Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Along Mulholland Drive above Los Angeles, an attractive brunette woman ( Laura Harring ) rides in a limousine. Suddenly, the driver stops and orders her out of the car at gunpoint. Before she can exit, a car driven by joy-riding teenagers plows into the limo. The drivers are killed but the woman emerges from the wreck. In a daze, she stumbles down the hillside and into Hollywood. She falls asleep in the bushes in front of a luxury apartment complex from the golden era of Hollywood. The next morning, she sneaks into one of the apartments as its tenant, Ruth Elms (Maya Bond), leaves by taxi with her luggage. Meanwhile, two police detectives ( Brent Briscoe and Robert Forster ) find an earring at the scene of the accident and realize that someone may have survived the crash. They begin their search. At a Winkie's restaurant, Dan ( Patrick Fischler ) tells Herb (Michael Cooke) about a frightening dream he has had involving an evil entity living in the alley behind the restaurant. Herb insists they investigate. As they reach the alley, a crone with blackened skin lurches out at Dan, who collapses. Betty Elms ( Naomi Watts ) arrives in Los Angeles from Deep River, Ontario. At the airport, she explains to an elderly couple she met on her flight that she hopes to make it big as an actress. Her Aunt Ruth is allowing Betty to stay in her apartment while she is away filming in Canada. When Betty arrives at Ruth's apartment building, Coco Lenoix ( Ann Miller ), the friendly landlady, greets her and lets her in. Exploring the apartment, Betty finds the brunette cowering in the shower and assumes the woman is a friend of her aunt's. The unknown woman is dazed and confused and just wants to sleep. She explains that she had a car accident. Inspired by a Gilda (1946) movie poster hanging up in the bathroom, she takes the name Rita but admits she doesn't remember who she really is. Betty and Rita open Rita's purse and find thousands of dollars and a bizarre blue key. They hide these objects in a hat box and decide to solve the mystery of Rita's identity together. Filmmaker Adam Kesher ( Justin Theroux ) is in a meeting downtown with his agent, two producers and the thuggish Castigliane brothers ( Dan Hedaya and Angelo Badalamenti ). The brothers show the filmmakers a headshot for an actress named Camilla Rhodes ( Melissa George ) and order Adam to cast her as the lead in his new film. Adam refuses to let the brothers override his authority as the film's director and angrily leaves the meeting, smashing the brothers' limousine with his golf club before speeding away in his Porsche. He arrives home to find his wife Lorraine (Lori Heuring) in bed with the pool cleaner Gene ( Billy Ray Cyrus ). Adam retaliates by pouring pink paint over all of Lorraine's jewelry. The three tussle and the muscular pool man throws Adam out. Later, some goons sent by the Castiglianes appear at the house, looking for Adam. One of them beats up the wife and the pool man. Meanwhile, Adam hides out in a low rent motel downtown. The proprietor, Cookie ( Geno Silva ), tells Alex that bankers called him to say that Adam was broke, a fact that Adam's assistant Cynthia ( Katharine Towne ) confirms. She also tells Adam that "The Cowboy" (Lafayette Montgomery) wants to meet with him at a corral in Beachwood Canyon. At their meeting, the Cowboy tells Adam he must cast Camilla Rhodes as the lead actress. "You'll see me one more time if you do good, and two more times if you do bad," he warns. In another downtown office, Joe, a hit man ( Mark Pellegrino ), kills an acquaintance in order to confiscate a black address book. Because of his incompetence, he winds up having to kill two other people-- a lady who sells mail order diet aids in the next office (Diane Nelson) and a janitor (Charles Croughwell) whose vacuum cleaner shorts, setting off the fire alarm. Later, at Pink's on Melrose and La Brea, Joe tells a prostitute ( Rena Riffel ) to be on the lookout for a brunette woman who recently went missing and may have ended up on the streets. Betty and Rita go out for coffee at the same Winkie's where Dan and Herb discussed Dan's dream. There they phone the police and learn that there was an accident reported on Mulholland Drive. Rita also reads the name "Diane" on their waitress' name tag and remembers the name "Diane Selwyn." They find an address for a woman with this name in the phone book and make a plan to investigate. One of Coco's tenants, Louise Bonner ( Lee Grant ) wanders up to the apartment where Betty's staying to warn Betty that "someone's in trouble!" Coco tells Betty that Louise is clairvoyant and her warnings are often correct. Coco also advises Betty to put Rita out. Aunt Ruth has arranged an audition for Betty. As Rita runs lines with Betty, the two women can't help but laugh at the bad dialogue. Likewise, everyone at the audition seems like they're just going through the motions, including the over-the-hill romantic lead, Jimmy Katz ( Chad Everett ). Betty suddenly loses herself in the role, giving an electrifying performance that takes Jimmy by surprise and excites the director, Wally Brown ( James Karen ). She does so well that the casting director immediately takes her to see Adam Kesher. They arrive at the sound stage where Adam is auditioning actresses for the lead role in The Sylvia North Story, the part earmarked for Camilla Rhodes. Betty and Adam make eye contact and seem to connect. Adam watches Camilla lip synch to Linda Scott's "I've Told Ev'ry Little Star" and announces halfheartedly that she has the role. Before she can meet Adam, Betty rushes back to the apartment to keep her date with Rita to visit Diane Selwyn's place. Betty and Rita first knock on #12. A woman answers, but it's not Diane, it's a neighbor who tells the women that she switched apartments with Diane, and they can find her in cottage #17. The neighbor wants to accompany Betty and Rita to #17 because she says that Diane "still has some of my stuff," but her phone rings and she goes back into her apartment to answer it. No one answers when Betty and Rita knock on the door of Diane's cottage, but when they slip in through a back window, they find the decomposing corpse of a woman in the bedroom. Distraught, Rita tries cutting off her hair when she and Betty return home, but Betty persuades her to wear a blonde wig instead. That night, Betty invites Rita to share the bed with her rather than sleep on the couch. Rita gets into bed naked and after a few moments, the women find themselves making love. Betty tells Rita that she is in love with her. Later that same night, Rita wakes up next to Betty speaking in Spanish and, despite the late hour, insists that Betty accompany her downtown to Club Silencio. In her blonde wig, Rita looks more like Betty. At the club, Rebekah Del Rio (herself) lip synchs a Spanish version of Roy Orbison's "Crying." Betty and Rita, deeply moved, cry. Betty reaches into her purse and finds a blue box. She and Rita return to the apartment and take the odd blue key out of the hat box. Betty suddenly disappears, leaving Rita to open the box with the key. The box seems to swallow the bedroom, then drops to the floor. Aunt Ruth enters the bedroom looking as if she heard a sound, but it is empty of even the box. In Diane Selwyn's apartment, the Cowboy tells her it is time to wake up. Diane Selwyn (Naomi Watts) wakes up in her bed one morning, apparently from a dream in which she was Betty, to the sound of someone pounding on the door. Donning a grubby bathrobe, she shuffles into the front room to answer it. It's the same neighbor Betty and Rita met, still impatient to collect the rest of her stuff from Diane's apartment. The neighbor gathers up her things and on her way out mentions that "those two detectives came by again, looking for you." At that moment, Diane notices a normal door key, coloured blue, on her coffee table. She then sees Camilla Rhodes (now played by Laura Elena Harring) in the kitchen, and is overjoyed until she realizes it is a hallucination. Diane and Camilla met on the set of a film. Both actresses auditioned for the lead role in The Sylvia North Story, but the role went to Camilla. The two became lovers and Camilla managed to secure small roles for Diane, but she was growing tired of their relationship and broke it off. This devastated Diane. Camilla's open flirtation on set with director Adam Kesher made the pain all the worse. The final humiliation came when Camilla invited Diane to a dinner party at Adam's house on Mulholland Drive. Camilla met Diane at the same spot where the accident occurred in Diane's dream and led her up the hill along a romantic secret pathway to the house. But once inside, Camilla kissed another woman (Melissa George) and announced her engagement to Adam in front of Adam's mother Coco (Anne Miller). Enraged, Diane hired Joe, a hit-man, to kill Camilla. Diane paid Joe the cash and showed him Camilla's headshot at Winkie's, where a waitress named Betty served them and a customer Diane dreamt as Dan watched them arrange the hit. Joe tells Diane that once he has completed the job, he will leave a blue key in her apartment -- the exact key that Diane has now found. At night, behind the restaurant, the creature with the blackened skin fondles a box identical to the one in Diane's dream. With reason to believe that the police are closing in, wracked with guilt, depressed and plagued by bizarre hallucinations, Diane commits suicide, shooting herself in the head and collapsing dead on the bed where Betty and Rita found Diane's corpse in the earlier fantasy. ***** As the film begins, a surreal image of people doing the jitterbug is shown. The sound of a cheering crowd accompanies a ghostly image of a young blonde woman and an old couple, all of whom are smiling (apparently before said crowd). The final image of the blonde woman waving dissolves into a point-of-view shot, with the camera panning over a bed and moving into a pillow. The scene then fades black and switches to a street sign"MULHOLLAND DR."illuminated by headlights. A young, dark-haired woman (played by Laura Harring) is being driven up Mulholland Drive in Los Angeles late at night. She is threatened by two men inside the car with a gun. Before they can kill her, however, their limousine is smashed into by a carload of drag racing teenagers. The nameless, dark-haired woman suffers from a head injury and subsequent amnesia. As the sole survivor of the crash, she wanders down the hillside into L.A., finds refuge behind some bushes, and falls asleep. The next morning she awakes and sneaks into a vacant apartment. A young and perky aspiring actress named Betty Elms (played by Naomi Watts), who has just arrived in Hollywood from Deep River, Ontario, moves in and discovers her in the shower. It is revealed that the apartment, which is part of a complex managed by a feisty older woman named Coco (played by Ann Miller), belongs to Betty's Aunt Ruth, who is away making a movie in Canada. The dark-haired woman sees a poster for the movie Gilda starring Rita Hayworth and decides to call herself "Rita". She tearfully admits to Betty that she has amnesia, and together the two of them try to piece together her identity. While going through Rita's purse for clues, they discover $50,000 in cash and an unusual blue key. Betty (Naomi Watts) arrives in Los Angeles; pictured with Irene (Jeanne Bates)Strange, seemingly unrelated events follow. At Winkie's, a local diner, a man named Dan tells his companion Herb about a recurring nightmare involving a shadowy person living behind the restaurant. When Herb encourages Dan to confront his fear by exploring the rear parking lot, he encounters a terrifying figure and collapses from fright. One subplot involves the efforts of shady film executives to strong-arm a young, arrogant director. The director, Adam Kesher (played by Justin Theroux) finds his latest project stolen by men who appear to be mobsters, who show him a headshot of an unknown blonde actress named Camilla Rhodes (played by Melissa George) and order him to cast her as the film's lead. When Kesher refuses, his life is turned upside down. Returning home, he stumbles upon his wife in bed with the pool cleaner (Billy Ray Cyrus), who beats him up and throws him out of the house. Kesher checks into a seedy hotel, upon which the manager informs him there is trouble with his credit cards. Kesher then receives a call from his female assistant who informs him he is out of money, and that the film's cast and crew have been let go. The assistant also passes on instructions summoning him to meet "the Cowboy" at a ranch just outside of L.A. Kesher, skeptical but compliant, arrives and finds a threatening man dressed as a cowboy. He tells Kesher that he must give the role to Camilla Rhodes to avoid further trouble. At the next casting call, the actress whose headshot he had seen, Camilla Rhodes, arrives and auditions. The casting director asks him if he has something to say, whereupon Kesher obediently declares, "This is the girl." In another subplot, a bungling hit man steals a "black book" of names and addresses, leaving behind three dead bodies. He, along with two police detectives, are all trying to track down the dark-haired woman now known as "Rita". Meanwhile, Betty goes to a Hollywood acting audition and performs brilliantly. She is then taken to a sound stage where she catches a glimpse of Adam Kesher, who has just caved in to the mobsters' demands by hiring Camilla Rhodes for his new picture. Betty abruptly flees from the sound stage to pick up Rita, following a clue to the apartment of a mystery woman named Diane Selwyn. This leads to their discovery of a rotting corpse, which is presumably a murdered Diane. Rita, fearing that the same people who harmed Diane are after her as well, decides to disguise herself by wearing a blonde wig. That night, Betty and Rita become lovers and sleep together. Rita later awakens and insists that she and Betty attend a performance at an eerie midnight theater called Club Silencio, during which Betty begins shaking and both women cry uncontrollably. After Betty discovers a small blue box in her handbag, both women return to their apartment. Betty suddenly vanishes and Rita, finding herself alone, opens the blue box with the blue key from her purse. An emotionally hurt Diane (Naomi Watts) exchanges words with Camilla (Laura Harring). After this, an entirely new reality suddenly emerges. Betty wakes up and finds herself a depressed and lonely failed actress named Diane Selwyn. While alone in her apartment, Diane appears to flashback to recent traumatic events. Her former lover, an actress named Camilla Rhodes (now played by Harring), has abandoned her to pursue a life of riches and glamour by marrying a successful director, the same Adam Kesher who appeared earlier in the film. Feeling betrayed and humiliated, Diane meets the same hit man from the previous reality at Winkie's diner and pays him thousands of dollars in cash to kill Camilla. After receiving confirmation that Camilla has been killed (by the appearance of an ordinary blue key) and now under police suspicion, the guilt-stricken Diane loses her mind, is terrorized by hallucinations, and shoots herself. **** Diane Selwyn (Naomi Watts), an idealistic, ambitious and naive young woman, wins a jitterbug dance contest in Deep River, Ontario, that offers a trip to Hollywood as first prize. Late in the film, we discover that Diane has traveled to LA to pursue an acting career but has been disappointed by most of her encounters with film industry people and has failed to find success. Instead she strikes up a romance with a charismatic and successful actress Camilla Rhodes (Laura Harring), who gets a big part Diane had applied for but uses her influence to get Diane bit parts. Camilla treats Diane carelessly, dumping her to marry her director Adam Kesher, as well as to pursue a new romance on the side with a young un-named actress. Things come to a head at a Mulholand Drive party hosted by Camilla and Adam to announce and celebrate their marriage. Diane, still in love and obsessed, is invited to the party by Camilla and the two arrive at the event by chauffeured limo. At the party Diane sees Camilla kissing a young girl (Melissa George) and confronted fully with what is going on, is devastated. In a rage at her lover's betrayal and her own humiliation, Diane hires Joe Messing, an incompetent hit man, to murder Camilla. At their meeting in Winkie's restaurant, Joe shows Diane a blue house key that she will receive as his signal when the hit has been completed. Diane retreats to her dumpy apartment, receives the blue key, and fueled by drugs and alcohol, loses her mind and begins to hallucinate as detectives investigating Camilla's murder arrive at the apartment and bang loudly at the door. The bulk of the film (presented first) is composed of Diane's elaborate dream-fantasy-nightmare-hallucination, in which she re-imagines herself as Betty Elms, a young, innocent and talented version of herself just arrived in LA from Deep River to pursue her acting career. Other individuals she has encountered in LA (including several from Camilla and Adam's party and two strangers seen in Winkie's restaurant) take on new parts in the fantasy. In the fantasy, other names are changed or switched among characters. Camilla becomes Rita (not her real name which she has conveniently forgotten but one borrowed from a Rita Hayworth poster the amnesiac happens to see). Most enigmatically, the unnamed girl kissing Camilla at Adam's party (Melissa George), Camilla's new lover and replacement for Dianne, becomes 'Camilla Rhodes' in the fantasy. The choice of the name fits with Diane's anger and jealousy at the girl and anger with Camilla, who has dumped her. The film, and the fantasy, begin with Diane's alter ego Betty arriving in LA and encountering 'Rita' = Camilla (Laura Elena Harring), a beautiful amnesiac car accident victim who conveniently has wandered into the apartment where Betty is staying. The imaginary accident site and chauffeured limo are identical to the real site where Diane and Camilla exited the vehicle to take a shortcut to Adam's hillside mansion for the party. Betty helps Rita investigate who she is and, also conveniently, Rita soon falls in love with Betty. In the course of their investigations, Betty and Rita discover a blond female suicide. Diane's fantasy includes some self-serving and gratuitous nudity by Rita (really the object of her obsession, Camilla Rhodes). Also gratuitously, Rita dons a blonde wig and makeup that morph her appearance towards that of Betty's. Related side-plots in Diane's fantasy conform to both her wishful and also her dark view of her world (herself as the hero, confronting a variety of bad people and saving a beautiful damsel in distress): Betty has an audition and performs brilliantly, briefly encounters director Adam Kesher with whom she makes an instant positive connection, mafia types and a menacing cowboy pressure Kesher to cast 'Camilla Rhodes' (not the real Camilla but the unnamed kissing girl from the party) in a part for which she is not qualified - the girl unfairly get's Betty's part. This last element fits with Diane's jealousy over kissing girl's replacing her as the real Camilla Rhodes' lover. In other vignette elements of Diane's fantasy, Joe the hit-man spectacularly and elaborately bungles a job, reflecting Diane's heterophobia, Kesher's spoiled wife Lorraine is having an affair with the pool cleaner Gene, and significantly a large stylized blue key appears as an evil sign. Reality intrudes into Diane's dream in the form of the symbolic big blue key, 'Diane' on a waitress's name tag at Winkie's, and most significantly the performance at Club Silencio in which Betty, terrified, is forced to confront reality. At this point Diane wakes up and the film flips to reality. Finally, the detectives are knocking at the door and Diane, overwhelmed by her situation (madness taking her, her fantasy a fiction, her lover dead, incarceration imminent), kills herself on her bed using a revolver - matching the pose and clothing of the blonde suicide discovered by her imaginary characters Betty and Rita. 