nm0007573:

 Pesvebi (1987)Summaries Giorgi leaves his country in search of a job and settles down in France. He doesn't loose hope that one day he will return to his homeland, his "roots". In the hot summer of 1917, the nineteen-year-old peasant Georgiy Zakareishvili left his village in search of a living and, taking a sailor on a French ship, soon found himself in Paris, where he married a Frenchwoman. A modest wealth, beloved wife, sons and loyal friend helped him to endure separation from his homeland. When the opportunity arose to come home, Georgiy was already old and could not stand the upcoming meeting with his native Georgia. He tried to convey his love to his grandson George: he sang folk songs, taught him Georgian, told about the people of his village. Peter-Patrick76 (peter-patrick@mail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gost (1987)Summaries Mystical drama based on the story of Borges "The Gospel of Mark". It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Oromtriali (1987)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Anemia (1987)Summaries A young man fed up with the corrupt life of the city goes as a teacher to a boarding school in remote mountains, only to find that the situation there is even worse. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 