nm0003405:

 How High 2 (2019 TV Movie)Summaries A pair of stoners embark on a pot-fueled adventure through Atlanta to find their missing weed. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Amber Frey: Witness for the Prosecution (2005 TV Movie)Summaries Amber Frey thought she met the man of her dream, Scott Peterson, on a blind date. After fully trusting him with her heart, secrets are revealed that scott's Pregnant wife is missing and he may be involved. Scared, concerned, and with the help of police, Amber becomes the voice for Laci Peterson as she becomes a prime witness in the prosecution. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mad Men (20072015)44) A drama about one of New York's most prestigious ad agencies at the beginning of the 1960s, focusing on one of the firm's most mysterious but extremely talented ad executives, Donald Draper. The professional and personal lives of those who work in advertising on Madison Avenue - self-coined "mad men" - in the 1960s are presented. The stories focus on those at one of the avenue's smaller firms, Sterling Cooper, and its various incarnations over the decade. At the heart of these stories is Donald Draper, the creative genius of the company. That professional creative brilliance belies the fact of a troubled childhood, one that he would rather forget and not let anyone know about except for a select few, but one that shaped who he is as an adult and as an ad man in the need not only to sell products but sell himself to the outside world. His outward confidence also masks many insecurities as evidenced through his many vices, such as excessive smoking, drinking and womanizing - the latter despite being a family man - and how he deals with the aftermath of some of the negative aspects of his life. Huggo In 1960s New York, alpha male Don Draper struggles to stay on top of the heap in the high-pressure world of Madison Avenue advertising firms. Aside from being one of the top ad men in the business, Don is also a family man, the father of young children. Jwelch5742 The lives of the men and women who work in an advertising agency in New York in the 1960s. The agency is enjoying success, but the advertising game becomes more competitive as the industry develops. The agency must adapt to ensure its survival. Don Draper is a talented ad executive at the top of his game, but the secrets from his past and his present threaten to topple his work and family life. Kad It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Zenon: Z3 (2004 TV Movie)321) The heroine sets out to win an important competition - but her dreams of success are jeopardized. In the third installment of the hit Zenon trilogy, it's 2054 and Zenon Kar is 17 and competing to win the Galactic Teen Supreme contest--against handsome competitor Bronley Hale--and celebrate at the Moonstock Festival. She also reunites with Moon preservation activist Sage Borealis, who is desperate to keep the Moon from being colonized and exploited and wants Zenon's help. Meanwhile, Commander Edward Plank and Aunt Judy Cling's new foster daughter Dasha is starstruck by Zenon and finds staying out of trouble difficult. During the last competition for the Galactic Teen Supreme contest, moon goddess Selene appears and threatens to destroy the Earth, and Zenon must save everyone from this angry deity. It's up to Zenon to save everyone from this angry deity. In the end, Zenon, Sage, Bronley, and Dasha and her friends Margie and Cassie team up to evacuate everyone in Protozoa's tour bus and try to remove the Moon Dome, with each taking a hover pod. Unfortunately, the dome is too heavy until Commander Plank and Aunt Judy show up looking for Dasha. They're able to help lift the dome and send it drifting into space. Selene then destroys the rest of the base and waves goodbye as the friends return to Earth. Selene stops the wild weather she caused, Zenon and Sage kiss, and Protozoa's band Microbe and the new hit band Cosmic Blush hold a concert. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the third installment of the hit Zenon Disney Channel Original Movie trilogy, Zenon Kar (Kirsten Storms) is a space-aged teenager in the year 2054. Having always been successful at everything she does, she jumps at a chance to compete in the first Galactic Teen Supreme contest. The only thing standing in her way is the lack of a hot-pod license needed for the first stage of the contest - a pod race from the earth to the Moonstock Festival on the moon. After a few near-misses during her driving test, her pod is taken over by some mysterious force that allows her to land safely on earth and get her license. Meanwhile Dasha (Alyson Morgan), Commander Plank (Stuart Pankin) and Aunt Judy's (Holly Fulger) new foster daughter, can't believe she's had the good fortune to be placed in a home with Zenon, her idol. She quickly sets out on a path to become Zenon's "Mini-Me" and stows away in Zenon's hot pod before the race. Once she gets to the moon and qualifies for the second heat of the Galactic Teen Supreme contest, Zenon gets a chance to get a little closer to Bronley Hale (Glenn McMillan), her handsome competitor. However, Zenon's attention is soon on Sage Borealis, a lone environmentalist intent on stopping the Moonstock Festival and the subsequent colonization of the moon. He seeks Zenon's help, but she's confused about what she can do, and reluctant to quit the Galactic Teen Supreme competition. Zenon's also puzzled by the strange dreams she and her friends Cassiopeia (Phumi Mthembu) and Margie (Lauren Maltby) have been having about Zenon and Moon Goddess Selena on the surface of the moon. She feels Selena is trying to tell her something important, but can't decipher the meaning. While Zenon struggles to figure out what's going on around her, things take a turn for the worse on earth. Inexplicable heavy rain and snowstorms threaten to destroy everything, and Zenon can't get in touch with her aunt and uncle to let them know Dasha is with her. With everything on earth going haywire, Bronley Hale threatening to take the Galactic Teen Supreme Title, Selena beckoning to Zenon in her dreams and Dasha constantly underfoot, Zenon must decide how to make things right again. 