nm0005115:

 D2: The Mighty Ducks (1994)Summaries Can Gordon's team win the Junior Goodwill Games in California in spite of all the set-backs? Gordon Bombay is forced to withdraw from the minor hockey league with a knee injury. Much to his surprise, he is given the job of coach of Team USA Hockey for the Junior Goodwill Games in California. With most of the Ducks and a few new players in tow, he sets forth for LA. All appears to be going well for a while, but the hype of Hollywood starts to get to Gordon, and he is distracted when Iceland, the favourites to win the title, appear on the scene. Liz Jordan <c9310494@alinga.newcastle.edu.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Heavyweights (1995)44) Plump kids are lured into joining a posh fat camp with the promise of quick weight loss and good times, only to find that the facility is a woodland hellhole run by a psycho ex-fitness instructor. 11-year-old Gerald "Gerry" Garner lives in Long Island, New York, and he's overweight. Gerry's parents Maury and Mrs. Garner decide to send Gerry to Camp Hope, a camp for overweight boys. The camp is owned by kindly Harvey Bushkin and his equally kind wife Alice Bushkin. When the Bushkins file for bankruptcy the camp has to be sold, it is bought by a wacko named Tony Perkis. Tony plans to force the campers to lose as much weight as they can, and he also intends to document the marathon shedding of weight and use it for an infomercial for his slenderizing program. In the eyes of the campers, Tony has made Camp Hope a living hell. As Gerry and counselor Pat Finley lead the efforts to overthrow Tony, the campers prepare for the Apache Relay against arch rival Camp MVP. The Apache Relay is a kind of race in which Camp Hope has never defeated Camp MVP before. Todd Baldridge Jerry, an overweight pre-teen, is sent to a "fat farm" for the summer, lured by the promise of go-karts and swimming fun. When he arrives, however, he finds that the camp has been bought out by an exercise/fitness guru whose mental stability quickly deteriorates. Jerry and his friends--including a counselor whose been there 18 years--finally make a stand. Dan Weckerly School's out for the summer, and Gerry Garner eagerly forecasts weeks of lazing around the house. That is, until his parents inform him that they have signed him up for a holiday at Camp Hope, a "fat camp" that, unbeknownst to Gerry, is about to be bought out by mentally unhinged exercise guru Tony Perkis, and turned into a rigorous fitness facility for youths. Tony pumps the fun out of the whole summer, and, with his assistant Lars, punishes anybody who tries to break his totalitarian grip on the camp. Together with his new friends and the camp's original staff, Gerry must stop Tony's brutal regime, and take back the camp at all costs. Eddy (eddy2377) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 V.I.P. (19982002)Summaries A team of 5, 3 professional bodyguards, a receptionist and the ex hot dog vendor and figurehead, Vallery/ Pamela Anderson , make up Vallery Irons Protection/VIP, bodyguards for celebrities. Campy syndicated series about Vallery Irons, a girl working at a hotdog stand who accidently saves a celebrity and is mistaken for a bodyguard. She and a team of beautiful bodyguards form a bodyguard agency called V.I.P., which stands for Vallery Irons Protection. Joseph Elm <Riotplaya@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Little Nicky (2000)541) After two of the devil's three sons escape Hell to wreak havoc on Earth, the devil must send his third son, the mild-mannered Nicky, to bring them back before it's too late. When somebody's mother is an angel and his father is the devil, life can be really confusing. For a sweet boy like Little Nicky, it just got a whole lot worse. His two evil brothers Adrian and Cassius have just escaped from Hell and are wreaking havoc on an unsuspecting earth. His dad is disintegrating and it's up to Nicky to save him and all of a humanity by midnight before one of his brothers becomes the new Satan. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Little Nicky is "daddy's little girl" in Hell. He's the son of Satan, who got the job from HIS father, Lucifer. Satan wants to retire, but none of his sons are good enough for the job. There's Cassius, who's big and strong, but lacks the 'goodness' to make the job real. There's Adrian, who while really hot (no pun intended) and smart, has no goodness at all. Then there's Nicky [Sandler] who, while having good, lacks any evil whatsoever. As seen in the previews, he is told to release his evil. He needs to release it to save his dad. Cassius and Adrain leave Hell, thereby freezing the wall of fire that lets the damned souls into Hell. Since no souls can come in now, Satan starts to die. It's up to Little Nicky to go and get his brothers, putting them into a flask and bringing them back to Hell at the exact same time to save Satan from decomposition. If Nicky 'dies' on Earth, he will be able to get through the frozen wall and back up to Earth. The catch is that he has only a week, and that Adrian and Cassius are MUCH more powerful than he is. Liz Skywalker <lizskywalker@hotmail.com> After the lord of darkness decides he will not cede his underworld throne to any of his three sons, the two most powerful of the three escape to Earth to create a kingdom for themselves there. This action closes the portal filtering sinful souls to Hell and causes Satan to begin withering away. He must send his most weak but beloved son, Little Nicky, to Earth to return his brothers to Hell. Can Nicky learn his way around Earth and round up his brothers in time to save Satan? FMJ_Joker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this very unusual comedy, the devil meets an angel at a certain heaven-hell mixer; both drunk, they have a rendez-vois that produces three kids who somehow end up living in hell with the devil. The movie starts with a picture of hell - a guy falls off a tree spying on a woman taking off her clothes in her own house, ends up in hell. The three kids - Adrian, Cassius, and Nicky - are each very different. Cassius and Adrian live up to their rep of being the devil's children, while Nicky isn't 'into evil,' and is shown as a 'papa's boy.' The movie starts with Cassius and Adrian conspiring to take over Earth by leaving hell and messing up the balance between good and evil, thus taking power over everyone in the process. Their departure 'freezes the fire' through which souls enter hell, however, and the devil begins to fall apart, since no new souls can enter. He sets his only son left, Nicky, on a quest to go to Earth, find his brothers, and trap them in a silver flask, since they have to return to hell at the same time. Nicky hesitantly takes his father's orders and, with the help of a talking dog his father asked to help, settles into an apartment with a wannabe actor. He's soon found by two devil-worshiping guys who help him retrieve his flask as it's stolen by a petty thief. The guys befriend him and stand by his side against his brothers. Nicky also meets a girl he gets infatuated with, though he doesn't tell her the truth about him yet. She helps get his flask back from the thief, and they... hit it off. He's able to track down one of his brothers - Cassius - as he possesses the referee at a Globetrotters game. Adrian turns out to be far more witty and doesn't fall for a trap Nicky and all his new friends set up for him at a subway station. Meanwhile, the city of New York becomes unbalanced after the work the two brothers do to destroy it. Adrian summons hundreds of 'followers' who gather to have him lead them on in the end. However, he tells them that at midnight the whole city will turn into hell and they'll all die. Right before that, though, Nicky's brought to heaven when he dies saving his girlfriend's life. He meets his mom, an angel, who tells him the whole story and gives him a bright light in shape of a ball; she says God gave it to her and Nicky would know when to use it. He then emerges at the scene where a crowd gathers for his brother Adrian. He fights him, but Adrian wins and turns into a bat. Nicky then takes out the glowing white ball. It turns into Ozzy Ozbourne, who bites Adrian's head off and spits it into the flask, where the other brother already sits. So, Nicky saves the day, and hell, and his father. At the end, he gets married to the girl, and their kid is, well, a quarter devil. The devil-worshipers take the money promised them by Adrian for giving out Nicky's location earlier, and by Lynyrd Skyynard's old airplane. They crash it and later take Nicky's place in hell. 